w '. J*;

St ''''.

|T '..-. *

JB..>.BSpPr

SSfti

.

II

Jflk BB wiP 'isy-

'F# tar* d

JANUARY, 1937 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

BANKS OF THE FIRST SECURITY CORPORATION SYSTEM

to 11Ixtend Best Wdus FOR A ftospmas lew |ear

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH, N. A.

With Branches at—Ogden, Logan, Provo,

Bingham, Magna, Park City, Bichmond

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

With Branches at—Boise, Blackfoot,

Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Idaho Falls,

Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home,

Nampa, Payette, Pocatello, Preston, Rupert,

Shoshone

FIRST NATIONAL BANK

Salt Lake City With Branches at—Sugarhouse and Tooele

FIRST SECURITY TRUST

COMPANY Salt Lake City, Utah

FIRST SECURITY BANK

Rock Springs, Wyoming

MEMBERS of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Improvement Marba C. Josephson,

Associate Editor George Q. Morris, General Mgr.JANUARY, 1937 Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'IEIRA

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, DO YOU KNOWDEPART- ASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL

COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC OF WARD What middle western state theMENT

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH Mormon Pioneers assisted in

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. "The Glory of God is Intelligence"gaining statehood? Page 20

How America's farm income compares with America's farm population? Page 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Who wrote "We Thank Thee, O (church QJeatures whatGod, forcircumstances?a Prophet"and underPage 36

The First Presidency Speaks on Church Security 3 What Ward in the Church has

Scenes of President Grant's Eightieth Birthday Anniversary 7 placed "The Improvement Era

Relief Society's Role in the Church Security Program in every home—members and

Campbell M* Brown, Sr. 8 nonmembers alike? Page 6

Chicago Stake—Number 118 S* C. Richardson 12 What was Martin Harris'testiMt. Pisgah—Mormon Cemetery Richard L. Evans 20 mony to his family concerning

Ten Thousand Miles With the Fireside Four the Gospel and the Book of

Tom Judd and Marvin Bertoch 24 Mormon? Page 45

Front Page News for America 28 Why young children should be

The Story of Our Hymns George D* Pyper 36 sent to Sunday School Page 42

Fifth Preston Perfect Giles, Record, D. John Makes Ward Catholic puban accredited 6; What

Furniture, for 34; Pioneer On, Church 38; Moves An Appeal lication says about the Mormon

Chorister, S. Wheelwright, Committee Music Announces D. Security program?. Page 28 Church

of 39: 5, Walters, Journal 43; Glimpse Part Archer The A

of Pioneer Life, Alma A. Harris, 44; Priesthood: Melchizedek, What country officially welcomed

46; Aaronic, 47; Ward Teaching, 49; Mutual Messages: Mormon Missionaries and exExecutive, 50; Adult, 51; Senior, 51; M Men, 52; Gleaner, 52; onerated their activities in its

M MenGleaner, 54; Juniors, 55; BeeHive, 55. courts of law? Page 14

Special QJeatures WhatconsideredvirtuesmostBenjaminimportant?-FranklinPage 26

What is Farm Chemurgic? - John A. Widtsoe 4 How one inveterate smoker broke

In Central Europe's Lonely Democracy Arthur Gaeth 14 the cigarette habit? Page 29

The Twelve Valiant Virtues of Benjamin Franklin What "F arm Chemurgic"- - Winifred Heath 26 means? Page 4

Gone: One Lame Excuse Paula Claire Dix 29

The Movies Are Rewriting History Robert M. Hyatt 30 COMING IN FEBRUARYInternational Council of Women Meet in Jugoslavia Is the United States a Christian NaAmy Brown Lyman 35 tion? The Supreme Court has said

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 39; On the that it is. Read the article by Robert

Bookrack, 40; Homing: The Faith of My Three Year Old, Murray Stewart in the February "Era."

Marion Dalrymple, 42; Your Page and Ours, 64; Index to Also, recent firsthand impressions

Advertisers, 42. of Russia by Arthur Gaeth, former

President of the Czechoslovak Mission.

.. arfeatures, other And manyibaitorials ticles,. stories, reviews, poetry, book

inphotos, Priesthood Churchwide A. 32 Welcome John Widtsoe Truth—Ever

I. structions, of and news A. notes, M. Thoughts on L, Richard 32 a Passing Year Evans

Security the Program. Church Patterns C. Josephson.33 Marba

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Street, Salt Lakeeviction, IPoetru, (rosswora [Puzzle SO North MainOFFICES:City, Utah

Outlaw 10 Copyright The R* 1936, by the Young Men's Mutual Lyman of Navajo Mountain—Part 4.Albert Corporation Association Improvement of the Fit for Comp'ny 18 Mabel S. Harmer Christ Latterday Saints. Jesus Church of of

reserved. rights price, Subscription short short story Christie Sweet Revenge—A a year, Lund 23 $2.00All 20c in advance; Single Copy. Frontispiece, in the Mountains, P. Crawford, 2; Vesta Snow at City, the Entered Salt Post Office, Lake

Page, Poetry 41; Scriptural 45. Puzzle, Cross Word as matter. secondclass Utah, Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage pro1917, authorized Julyc/ne Ciover vided for in section 1103, Act of October, Improvement The Era2, 1918.is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, welcomes but composite historic photograph the D. F. Davis TThis by shows as Beehive House will exercise it and care in all handling

irongrille through the J- might appear doors of the Bransford apartments. contributions. two The

structures stand on opposite sides of Eagle Gate. The Beehive House, picturesque

President western landmark, was Brigham his home, built by Young as used and was as Presidents of of the until President the home the Church Grant converted it into a A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY home for girls. It is rich in Pioneer tradition and history. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Mount Olympus, Wasatch Mountains,

From a Painting in Water Colors by

Joseph A. F. Everett.

in the By VESTA P.Snow

CRAWFORD mountains

And we shall not remember Beneath the arch of summer sky

Co beautiful this high retreat, That bladed field and flowered cove Are gifts from snow banks lone and high; That one may come and never guess

How greater splendor yet shall be

From out this ermine loveliness; And we shall not remember

In harvest time of ripened grain

How waters from the mountain store

For born of this white solitude,

Brought waves of green to furrowed plain;

Oh, soon a springtime brook shall flow.

In music over shining stones A clear and eager stream shall go; And yet the verdure of the spring,

The tinting of the summer row,

The burnished gold of autumn field,

Depend upon the velvet snow!

The first presidency speaks on church security This great work must continue unabated during the winter months along all lines and activities Excerpts from Recent Public Expressions possible in that inclement season. When spring

comes the measures taken to supply foodstuffs must to easily shall do then redoubled. be ablebe We for to them, given bounteous crops and which He has

better year our can begin work because than this we to our of prosperity has which the measure comewhen the planting season begins. We must not midst.

contemplate ceasing our extraordinary efforts until thewant and suffering shall disappear from amongst us. We have proved the Lord and He has opened

windows of Heaven.

The responsibility of seeing that no one is hungry We are grateful to all those who have contributed or cold or insufficiently clad rests upon the bishops, of their substance to our achievement. We thank all

each one for the members of his own ward. He will those who have served so long and earnestly in the

use every Church organization of his ward to help working out of this program and especially to those him in his work. For help outside his ward, he will 15,000 and odd members of the Church who have

look for necessary assistance to his stake presidency, been directly concerned.

they to their regional organization, and these to the We invoke the blessings of the Lord upon each primary of the Church,Presiding Bishopric whose you. and every one of the pray conLord We

responsibility after the it is to look poor of the tinually to inspire to people His that the end we shall

Church as a whole. once more be able to take care of all those worthy

us ones amongst to whom hard times have come in stress. For this great undertaking the Lord has abunthese days ofdantly blessed His people, already, and He will continue to pour out His blessings so long as the people

do their duty by the poor.

Generations and generations ago, the Lord said to Israel of old, urging them to pay their tithes into

His storehouse:

"Prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and you outpour a blessing, that there shall not be room

The First Presidency, it."receive toenough

To this generation, the Lord has said:

"Inasmuch as ye impart of your substance unto Let every Latterday Saint who has a farm, farm the poor, ye will do it unto me."it, and not try to borrow money to be paid back by

the government. Let every man feel that he is the

this admonition: the Lord added And

life, architect builder that of his and he and own if "Therefore, shall any the take of abunman it to proposes a success of working. "Six make bydance his I have made, which not impart portion and

all rest labor days shalt thou and work,"thy do and according to the law of my gospel unto the poor and on the seventh, and do not be willing to labor four the needy, he shall with the wicked, lift up his eyes or five days and then only half labor. Let every

in Hell, being in torment."Latterday Saint give value received for everything

Jacob, speaking to the people of Nephi, said: he gets, whether it be in work, or whatever he does.

"But before ye seek for riches seek ye for the kingdom of God. And after ye have obtained a hope Please, every Latterday Saint farmer, farm your

in Christ ye shall obtain riches, if ye seek them, and land, because if you do not you will lose your inheritance, else will and of some one get possession will for the intent seek toye them do good—to later. sooner or not take anything which you Doclothe the to naked, feed hungry, the and and to it

liberate the captive and administer relief to the sick are capable of producing yourself. I am grateful

and the afflicted."beyond all the power and ability with which God has

given me to express myself for a knowledge that He

We are grateful to our Heavenly Father for His lives, that God is our Father, and that Jesus Christ goodness unto this people during this year, for the is our Redeemer and Savior.... Heber J. Grant.

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE is Of the Council of the TwelveWhat

FARM CHEMURGIC?

A merican Agriculture is in need of reconstrucPresident Grant's recent tion. Farm Chemurgic answers that the way activities in connection with

OUT is by the closer association of farm and FACTORY, the Farm Chemurgic moveWITH THE AID OF CHEMISTRY. ment have aroused much interest and stimulated many inquiries, in response to which

Dr. Widtsoe, an agricultural

chemist by training and by closer the association of has a new word, farm and long years hereChemurgy, of experience, factory, chemistry, the aid of with the been compounded by briefly the question, answers crops the through establishment of is chemist Dr. eminent Chemurgic?"Farm "What J. W. that in the other be than used may for the from words CouncilHale Greek Chemurgic The Utah

industries. present clothing food and

is thirtychemistry work, be and and composed emmay of over Likewise, industry which American

It at chemistry inent work. agrisaid to representing mean men upset has been methods and by new culture, science, to serve coined industry, a nationwidewas and

profit the also machines would by agriculture to education. connect Presidentmovement Heber

its in of use products farm manuof the aid industry, through Grantand Chairman is Honorary J. facturing right processes. Perhaps benefit of both.chemistry, the for the Council; Dr. A. John of

is rehabilitation the there the to key find, deto aims Widtsoe, Chemurgic Chairman;Farm John M. security of industry. and permanent

establish Salt which cropsvelop Wallace, President by and Lake agriculture failure of to connect in The processes usedchemical Vicebe Commerce, Chamber may of closely industry with more by theindustry. indusrepresenting which It is a movement Chairman

the of of the organic products rise to prime importance for usemay Viceincreasingly farm has been and is prosperity. a Chairmantry; Dr. F.representingS. Harris,science.American major cause of our present economic

repreAmerican agriculture is in need of difficulties. The ViceChairman,

reconstruction. About 25% of the senting agriculture, and other

American people live on farms, but The primary concern of industry officers, are yet to be selected.

in 1934 received only 11% of the is to convert the raw materials of Gus P. Backman is Secretary.

national income. That does not enearth into substances useful to man.

courage the farmer. Besides, modThese industrial raw materials are

ern inventions have necessarily afobtained from the land, the sea, and fected the farm. For example, the the air; but in the past the supply consumed in production. Large acre

use of gasoline farm motors since has been largely from the mineral yields with good, steady prices, de1920 has eliminated 37% of the kingdom, the stores of which are termine the farmer's economic welhorses and mules used on American subject to exhaustion. Upwards of fare. To achieve this happy condifarms, and thereby has released ninety per cent of dry plant products tion, especially in the West, under

30,000,000 acres formerly required are obtained from the carbon dioxide irrigation, the farmer must first grow to feed these farm animals. Imof the air and the water of the soil, crops of high acre value, intensive

proved methods of agriculture indithe supplies of which are inexhaustcrops; second, crops that may be

cate that onefourth of the 386,000,- ible. Organic plant substances may held over a season should market

000 acres of American farm land be produced continually if the minprices be unfavorable; and third,

will suffice to feed the American naeral substances removed from the crops that may be manufactured.

tion. The intelligent trend of nasoil in plant growth are restored. Industry meets the first and third

tional policy everywhere is selfcon- Farm products may in many inrequirements, and often the second, tainment. When exports and imstances replace mineral products for the crops needed by industry are

ports are reduced, present agriculin industry, thus lengthening out the usually intensive crops, and it can tural activities must be profoundly life of our mineral deposits. That well use in one year crops of the

modified. is an important factor in the conpreceding year. Agriculture has

Two major questions in this disservation of our natural resources, need of industry. Indeed, it is

cussion arise: How may the farmer and another justification of Farm doubtful, if in our age, agriculture

receive a more adequate return for Chemurgic. can continue on its present scale as

his labor? What shall be grown on Economic success on the farm de- a profitable enterprise without inthe lands now set free or not needed pends on securing the largest crop dustrial cooperation. With such

for food production? Farm Chemurand monetary returns for the land cooperation it may possibly be

gic answers that the wav out is by and machinery used and for the time largely expanded.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

Tn one field of activity industry has wool Every canning or preserving Among them are artificial wool and already benefited agriculture imfactory illustrates the nature and adleather, cement, glue, glycerine, mensely. The best of soils, convantages of the mutual labor of the linoleum, oil cloth, printer's ink, and

tinuously cropped, become gradually farm and factory. rubber substitutes! These are but

depleted of the substances necessary Of even greater interest are re- a glimpse of the farmfactory posfor plant growth. These must be cent discoveries which are increassibilities with the help of chemistry.

replaced by wise systems of crop ing the possibilities of new converSeveral other crops could probably rotations and ultimately by the apsions of farm crops into manufacbe used as successfully for the manplication of artificial fertilizers. Here tured products. This progress has ufacture of articles of commercial

industry has stepped in, and by exbeen due in the main to the wonderimportance.

tracting the essential plant foods working science, chemistry. As an

ornstalks and straw, often afrom the mineral kingdom—phosoutstanding example of what may

phates, potash, nitrogen, calcium be done in many fields, the Ford farm waste, promise to lead toand other substances—have made Motor Company is making many new industrial enterprises. Under

them available to the farmer. Invaluable substances from soy beans, chemical and physical treatment

deed, many an infertile farm is made grown by the company on thousands they may be shaped into building susceptible of cultivation by the aid of acres of their land. From the materials to replace lumber which is

of commercial fertilizers. A certain beans an oil has been expressed, becoming scarcer and costlier, or

sum is paid out for the necessary used under various treatments in used in the manufacture of paper, plant foods and another, larger sum paint, as enamel and in the making rayon and similar articles of general is taken in from the sale of the crops of soaps and other useful products. commercial value. They and all

produced. In this manner agriculThe remaining part has been constarch and sugar containing mateture and industry have been workverted by proper chemical treatrials may be converted into indusing hand in hand for many years. ment, into a variety of plastics, trial alcohol. Indeed, this is a main

However, industry renders its moulded into horn buttons, light chemurgic outlet. It is fairly well

larger service to agriculture by conswitches, ignition distributor cases, demonstrated that gasoline mixed verting farm products into manuwindow frames, etc., of the automowith 10% to 15% of alcohol gives

factured forms. Some now familiar bile. A long series of other articles a better and less dangerous fuel

examples may be given. Sugar beets has been obtained from the soy with increased mileage for motor

are manufactured into sugar, pulp, bean, some of them most surprising. vehicle use. That of itself, should

etc., the market value of which is

higher than if the beets were sold for direct use, as cattle feed. Potatoes

usually command a better price when TRIUMPH sold to the starch factory. Flax

and hemp, which in themselves have little or no food value, acquire good MAN'S market values when used in the SECURITY ropewalk or the linen mill. Straw

and other similar products are converted into paper pulp or rayon HAN'S fibre; tannin is extracted from ESSENTIAL HARVEST

oil cotton,canaigre; cake are and oil MAN'S

plant. cotton from thenow won A

varietylarge of foods and beverages MAN'SPROCESSERS Work fruits. Numerous from is made

similar conversions could be cited.

Many less known conversions of farm products by chemistry are risMan's Approach Science The Cornerstone ing to first importance in the industrial world. Under such cooperaNature's Unfolding of Progress

tion, the factory contracts for the farmer's products from year to year NATURE'S at a fair, set price, thus relieving the PERPETUAL HARVESTfarmer of the worry and danger of God's a fluctuating market when the crop is harvested. Usually, also, in this NATURES i ft

enlightened day, when the manufacPROCESSERS turing season is over, industry and FARM CHEMURGIC CHART agriculture share in the profits made. SHOWINGSHIP OF MAN'STHE RELATIONWORK TO

RESOURCES, THE NATURAL Prosperity waits upon every section

SCIENCE. THROUGH

in which such farmindustrial cooperation is practiced.

enters the farmer who The liveThe Nation's Hope and Chemurgv's Purposefield really industrystock combines and agriculture, for he secures a The Intelligent Use of Nature's Treasures convertfor his pricehigher hay by or Through Applied Science For Mans Good butter, meat, cheese ing it into

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

it be adopted in America, as it has in Chemurgic movement is peculiarly many other countries, would rein harmony with western needs.

quire 50,000,000 acres for alcohol producing crops, and add materially The Chemurgic movement origito the farmers'economic prosperity. nated in the minds of two great

Dr. Charles H. Herty, eminent American chemists, Dr. Charles H.

American chemist, has demonstratHerty and Dr. William J. Hale. It

ed within the last five years that the was given life by the great hearted young rapidly growing pine of the president of the Chemical FoundaSouthern States may profitably be tion, Francis P. Garvan. (The

made into paper of a quality comChemical Foundation is a nonprofit parable with the best on the market. corporation.) Many forward lookThis will retain in the country huning men, among the foremost in

dreds of millions of dollars annually, American life, were ready to sponsor and will affect profoundly for the the movement. The organization

conference occurred on May 7 andbetter, the agriculture of the South.

This is but an example of the use of 8, 1935, at Dearborn, Michigan; the

unexpected possibilities. second meeting was held at the

same place a year later. Several

The list of possibilities is indeed state meetings have since been held.

interminable; the story will appear A national Chemurgic Council was

as perfected from time to time in formed at the first Dearborn meeting the public press. New crops with Courtesy Dallas Morning News. consisting of distinguished leaders

manufacturing possibilities are bein industry, agriculture and science.

ing discovered; and new uses are The president of the Council is

found for old crops. From the Francis P. Garvan, of the Chemical

Jerusalem artichoke, a drouthre- to every American farmer. It may Foundation, with Carl B. Fritsche,

sistant, heavy yielder, the sugar, become a prime factor in reshaping managing director and Dr. H. E.

levulose, may be extracted profitour national economy. It is just as Barnard, director of research.

also roots.ably as dahlia from Rublegitimate to be discovering new first state Chemurgic Council Theber probably be from may won for uses to farm products as debe organized in for California was Noplants. othermilkweed and veloping strains better of and new vember, 1936, the for second and of as use as well farm waste The It plants animals. should and be in later a few the Utah days same

is surplus specialfarm objective a considered the doubly western by month. President Grant, Heber J. isof Chemurgic. waste Such Farm for rests farmer farming western a notable at the was speaker who

a tremendous item on American upon the practice of irrigation. Take Second Dearborn Conference, is the

farms. With our new knowledge irrigation from the West and only honorary chairman of the Utah

the former waste may be put to great ranches, dryfarms, and a State Council. Mr. Stringam A.

profitable use. Rice hulls may be sparse population would remain. Stevens, of the Utah Farmer, has

converted into a syrup, good as a But, irrigation means higher initial attended both Dearborn meetings cattle feed. From almond hulls, a acre costs and a larger annual upand all meetings held in the West.

syrup may be made which may be keep. Therefore the future of westState councils are being organized

made into power alcohol. From ern farming requires the growing of over the country. The movement is

walnut hulls a jelly may be obintensive crops, of high acre yield gaining momentum every day. State

tained. Straw wastes may be used and value and if possible susceptible and private agencies are giving supin the manufacture of alcohol. Pracof factory treatment. The future of port to the movement. All farmers

tically every farm waste has comthe West lies in the more steady should keep in touch with this mercial value. adoption of such crops and the atmovement especially devised for the

Farm Chemurgic is of importance tendant types of farming. The welfare of the American farmer.

PRESTON FIFTH WARD MAKES PERFECT RECORD

By John D. Giles

score subscriptions for "Improvement been has Era"effective Preston Franklin A PERFECTreported by the Fifth Ward, in Stake* An campaign has carried the "Era"into every home in the ward, whether occupied by members of the Church or not, it is reported by George L,

Stanger, Stake Era Director for the Y. M. ML L A. In the original canvass

GEORGE L. a subscription was secured from every home. Later two additional fam*

STANGER, ilies moved into the ward. They were visited and both became subFRANKLIN "ERA"scribers. President Walter K. Barton of Franklin Stake has set this fine STAKE

DIRECTOR. achievement as the goal for every ward in the stake. The Preston Fifth

Ward reached just under 200 % of its quota, by establishing its own quota as "an 'Era'in every home in the ward."Our congratulations also to

Bishop J. Frank Palmer and his Ward Era Directors.

Scenes of President Grant's

Eightieth Birthday

Anniversary

November 22, 1936

FewPresidentmen at eightyHeber enjoyJ. Grantsuchona birthdayNovemberas did22,

1936. This great and good man, who is

esteemed worldwide for his noble attributes and human kindness, enjoyed part of the day with his large and devoted family. In the afternoon he

spoke in the Tabernacle where thousands gathered to hear him, to greet him, and to wish him well. At

night he appeared over KSL on the regular Church service hour, to speak to friends and members of the Church in many lands. On the previous evening he was speaker and guest of honor at the

L. D. S. College Golden Anniversary Banquet, and

on the evening of November 23rd his family honored him at a dinner at which the General Authorities and their wives were guests. Tributes,

congratulations, and messages of good will poured in from near and widely scattered points by letter, by telegram and cablegram, by telephone, and by personal call.

The membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and uncounted hosts of men and women not of this faith, with sincere affection and earnest admiration, paid respect to the leader ofbirth—Heberthis people onJ. Grant,the eightiethChurchman,anniversaryExecutive,of hisGentleman, Friend—Lover of Youth, patron of all

good things, defender of truth and righteousness.

It was a notable anniversary for this man who is a living example of the highest ideals and principles and practices of the Gospel of Jesus Christ—this

man who exemplifies the living of eternal truth.

What could mortal man say more of one who is loved and honored by his people after eighty years of rich, kindly, and effective living!

TOP: PRESIDENT AND SISTER GRANT AT THEIR HOME ON THE

PRESIDENT'S EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY. A FEIW OF THE MANY FLORAL

TRIBUTES SENT BY FRIENDS ARE ALSO SEEN.

SECOND: A GROUP OF THE PRESIDENT'S CHILDREN AND GRANDCHILDREN GATHERED AT THE FAMILY RESIDENCE ON SUNDAY,

NOVEMBER 22ND.

THIRD: PRESIDENT GRANT WITH SISTER GRANT AND HIS NINE

LIVING DAUGHTERS.

FOUIRTH: PRESIDENT GRANT IN ATTENDANCE AT THE U D. S.

FOUNDERS'DAY GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY BANQUET, HELD IN THE

HON HOUSE, NOVEMBER 21, 1936, THE DAY BEFORE HIS EIGHTIETH

BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. FRED WOLTERS (STANDING) ALUMNI

ASSOCIATION PRESIDENT, IS SEEN INTRODUCING RICHARD L. EVANS,

MASTER OF CEREMONIES.

FIFTH AND SIXTH: SCENES AT A BANQUET GIVEN IN THE

PRESIDENTS HONOR BY HIS CHILDREN AT THE HOME OF HIS

DAUGHTER FRANCES GRANT BENNETT, NOVEMBER 23RD, 1936, AT

WHICH THE GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH AND THEIR

WIVES WERE INVITED GUESTS.

BOTTOM: PRESIDENT GRANT CUTTING HIS BIRTHDAY CAKE, WITH

A GROUP OF HIS GRANDCHILDREN STANDING BY.

Deseret News Staff Photos The RELIEF SOCIETY'S ROLE IN THE Church security PROGRAM By CAMPBELL M. BROWN, SR.

Welfare Director, Utah Copper Company, and a

Member of the General Committee of the Church

CAMPBELL M. BROWN, SR. Security Program

is the topic is welfareThegreatspringmomentof 1842to womanhood,was one of stake.terminedInlargelyeach bywardthe thereneedsisofalsothe otherand inweekthis socialclass sciencegeneral

for, on March 17th, the Relief an organization consisting of a presistudied, also special family investiSociety of the Church of Jesus dent, two counselors, secretary and gations, budgetmaking, and all

Christ of Latterday Saints was ortreasurer, chorister, organist, insuch matters that qualify the memganized by the Prophet Joseph structors. This is the local unit bers for actual work and a better

Smith. The Church was then but and is composed of women residing understanding of how to handle

twelve years old, but even this early in the ward, all women of good problems encountered while officiatin its history the prophet of the Lord moral character being eligible to ing as block teachers. One week's

was inspired to recognize the women membership. These units are in meeting is devoted to work and busand point out such activities that close contact with family life within iness at which time quilting, sewing,

would develop them and through the the ward. art work, and kindred subjects are

opportunities afforded the Relief SoIn this Society the women are taught by competent instructors, and ciety would become a blessing and taught, not only in theory but by every woman in the Society has the complement to the priesthood. Since actual practice, the finer things of privilege of participating in these

its organization this Society of splenlife. Each Tuesday the ward sovarious activities. The finished

did women has progressed steadily cieties meet and, under the direction work is turned over to the Society and is now not only national but of a ward presidency, trained teacheither for distribution to needy famworld-wide in its activities and iners and supervisors give practical inilies or for sale, the funds acquired fluence. structions and demonstrations. The therefrom retained by the Society

lessons given at these meetings are for the benefit of the unfortunates of

The Relief Society became a corcarefully prepared by members of that locality.

1 Oth, entityporate October on when divided are the General and Board is disinto divided Each ward it incorporated1892, under was is into dissubjects, of one which tricts of the Soand members two the National as lawsUtah Woman's Thus, each one cussed week. week ciety teachare designated as district

it Society,Relief to enabling is studied another not theology and week visit ers. each good These women relief organizaasonly operate a literature. anto During is devoted distheir in family Latterday Saint raise totion hold but funds and

trict with a message and take themproperty. is a Society The Relief FRUIT VEGEBOTTLED CANNED AND AND of cheer, humble, and a fine, and in of the National TABLES DAVIScharter member AT THE NORTH STAKE

Council of Women of the United CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM DISPLAY. prayerful manner endeavor to asStates.

The present Relief Society's General Board consists of twentythree members, including a president, two counselors, and a general secretary.

This General Board has jurisdiction over the Relief Society's activities throughout the world. Working

with and under the supervision of the General Board in each stake there is an organization consisting of a president, two counselors, and a stake board, the size of which is de-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

certain not only the spiritual but also Prophet Joseph Smith, in addressing the temporal needs of each family. Campbell M. Brown, Sr., Welfare the first Society, said on one occaIf, in these visits, difficulties of any Director of the Utah Copper sion: "This charitable Society is

years'exhas had Company, many It is nature. to your according they whether are discovered,kind

practical, in with the dealing perience to for females natural have feelings proper food, lack of sickness,be that confront problems everyday men clothing, fuel, a report is immediand women in a world of stern reality of charity. You are now placed in

ately made to the Ward Relief Sowhere making a living and winning the situation where you can act acpressing conare always to these sympathies which cording president. She, or oneciety of her securitysiderations. this and wide of Out

investigaplanted in your bosoms.aides, God has makes a thorough the varied experience has author

tion of the case. A budget is made formed some definite conclusions If you live up to these principles how

his the equation,"and "human If if an about instructions are given and, glorious! greatup, up you live and

activities given welfare a have him relief exists, immediate privilege angels to the cannot youremergency respect hearty admiration the for and is administered. The Relief Sowork of the National Woman's Rebe restrained from being your assoSociety, concerning which organciety's report is considered at the lief ciates. The Society is not only to

to its ization here relative he writes regular weekly bishop's meeting, atplace in the Church Security Prorelieve the poor, but save their tended by the Bishop, the Relief Sogram. souls."Again he said: "And now I

ciety president, the women's and turn the key to you in the name of

CLOTHING AND BEDDING

SEEN AT THE NORTH DAVIS STAKE CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM DISPLAY.

men's work directors, the three ing the week in which the general God and the Society shall rejoice chairmen of the High Priests, Sevconference of the Church is held. At and knowledge and intelligence shall

enties, Elders'committees and repthese times a number of meetings are flow down from this time."

resentatives of the Aaronic Priestheld, one being for officers of the The Relief Society has fulfilled hood. After a general discussion of Society, and a general meeting for the fondest hopes of its many wellall cases of need, a solution is dethe membership, also various spewishers. During the World War it

termined upon; if possible work is cial group meetings, all presided was called upon and responded as

secured for employable members of over, and under the direction of the no other woman's organization. Its

the family, either on Church proGeneral Board. A survey of the outstanding contribution earned the

jects or in private industries, and work is made, instructions are given, plaudits of an admiring world. The

where individuals are incapacitated and reports submitted. A conferSociety has lent the best efforts of

Priesthood quorum members are asence is also held annually in each its membership to the Red Cross, signed to render such physical asstake of the Church, at which time Liberty Bond drives, European resistance as may be necessary, always a wellprepared program is carried lief, and many other worthy causes, bearing in mind that the main obout. These are attended and diand now it turns its mighty forces

jective of the Church security plan is rected by one or more members of to stand shoulder to shoulder with to help members to help themselves. the General Board. In addition, the Priesthood to bring to a successward conferences are held annually ful termination the Church security

Tn order that there may be the at which time these units of the Soplan. Without cooperation of the

closest of cooperation and underciety carry out a program under the mothers of the Church the plan canstanding between the General Relief direction of the stake presidency. not well succeed, but with their help,

Society Board and its various Thus this organization puts forth motivated by their wonderful faith groups, a number of conferences are every effort to live up to its ideals. and devotion to the standards estabheld each year, two of which are It must be remembered, as has lished by the latterday prophet, the

general conferences, held semibeen pointed out, that the Relief success of the Church security plan annually in April and October durSociety was divinely inspired. The is assured.

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO OUNTAIN

oJhe cjtory of [Posey, JLast

[PahLite \)utta\K>

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

Chapter VI Old Grizzly

A TYPICAL NAVAJO WARRIOR.

His native mountain I N ITHE STORY THUS FAR: than More a century half Kit ago, Carson when little Posey courted favorable a pubthe up Navajos * rounded and into drove them to Santa Mexico, Fe, New licity as guide. the counknew keep He there in them the "bullpen"three for years, disaffected a handful of Pahtry in detail; he could tell where imUtes broke away from their tribe north of the San Juan River and took

of Navajo Mountain territory. the in Navajo Navajos came portant When things Off possession had happened. back these PahUte renegades to refused vacate country the Navajo and bad there to the southeast they had folblood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey), the central this story, character was oflowed the tracks of two white men child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy.a

and had made a rich haul. He Bitseel, a son of the ousted Navajos, was Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent

parties between the tribes killing two the and plundering unand ofwanted to tell all his this and part suspectingraiding travelers, cattlemen, ranchers, resulted in and that complications forced therein where hear Toorah would the deserters PahUte to rejoin their tribe. In this the in situation midst tense of

it. a colony 1879 of sent settle Mormons to was the largely country, down San Juan

the purpose relationships of improving with the Indians. Thales Haskel was to for late, however, Of he had had their chief interpreter—skilled dialect in Indian a man psychology. and the Butbe sharply for Poke's on the alert Navajos and continued PahUtes to prey other each upon and upon the Mormon

wide black hat and straightup-andsettlement. The feud between Posey and Bitseel continued, in gambling games

down mustache, lest the grizzly bear and in subtle and secret warfare. The PahUtes engaged in two particularly

bloody in skirmishes ranchers, which killed, soldiers cowboys, and plunweredrop his ponderous on the poor paw dered, burned. and Drunk with blood their and plunder, goods they moved little skunk. old the bear Of late and progeny retreat to a mountain anticipating the approach avengers of white

had given him a terrible chill; he for their last deed of violence, but the avengers indiscreetly allowed themselves

hardly dared to look at the little to be outmaneuvered, and further PahUte victories resulted. During this

sister any more, even though the emergencytribe with Toorah,the renegadelittle sisterson, ofSowagerie,Poke, the wasPahUtemomentarilyleader'. separatedThis brief frominterludethe

coast seemed to be clear. marked the beginning of a smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie bravely to

The occasion of this chill dechangeand put hison namewar paint.to PoseyThisandinterestvainlyindresshis littlehimselfsister,in finehowever,clothes,wasbraidrelentlesslyhis hair,

veloped from events of the Big disapproved by Poke, who looked upon the "apostate"Posey as "skunk,"and

Trail: The PahUtes live in greatso referred to him. Further encounters with cowboys and soldiers continued as

tribe leisurely retreated the PahUte their along Trail followed the Old byest together peace are they when fathers, to places safety, of eventually ease and winding back to Navajounited tooth their against and nail Mountain.

enemies. After the fight they begin

to quarrel over the plunder. When boy, "I brought him back when away over the bald rocks, the pacer

they rounded up that herd of saddle everybody else had quit."among them. Hunters went hunting

horses, after the ambuscade at South "Shut up,"growled the old griztracks in three directions, but BuckMontezuma, a slashing pinto pacer zly, not deigning so much as to give Grasshopper found the trail and folbolted over the hill, and the Inthe boy a look, and on the remainder lowed it up a canyon and off over a dians following up, thinkhim gave trip all of the the big chiefs recoghorses. the before overtook he mesa

iting farther, unsafe to go first but nized right Poke's pacer. to the took the outfit from he Alone and far

Buck Grasshopper had set his heart Grasshopper watched the splenthis to be his good opportunity to on that particular pinto, and racing did animal skip birdlike over the try the pacer. He would ride him

on alone he brought the pacer back. hills with his load, and though he but a little way while he took the

Next morning when each man half agreed with the tribal precept runaways back the way they came.

picked his horse for the day, Poke that might is right, he longed to ride Meanwhile the other hunters came first among the lions for their that horse just once to get the birdfound where Buck had taken the share and threw his rope on the like thrill. tracks, and since that was almost

pinto. In the delay of crossing the San the direction the camp wanted to go,

"That's my horse,"protested the Juan, some of the horses strayed the whole tribe headed off up the canyon where Grasshopper had gone, the old grizzly in the lead.

At a sharp turn around a point they met the lost horses with Grasshopper on the pinto behind them.

Poke raised his head and stared from under his wide hat, and his lower lip became visible below the perpendicular mustache. The whole

long string of Indians, squaws, papooses and all, slowed down to a stop behind him. No one dared to

insult his dignity of leadership by passing on ahead.

Dashing quickly to the offending youth, Poke snatched him from the pacing pony and leaped with him to the ground. "Avahtel"(Dog) he

foamed. Around his waist the old

bear carried a rawhide hogstring and loosening this with furious fingers he doubled it into a heavy whip and beat the struggling Buck with all his might. Most of the

blows fell on the boy's shoulders and arms, but some of them reached his head and cut like a knife into his face.

Posey, riding with as much adjacency to Poke as his courage permitted, drew up in terrified surprise at the suddenness and fury of the whole affair. He saw the sharp

lash leave its red welt on Buck's he were found seeking Toorah's After the first day of rest at the flesh; he saw the loopend of it sink favor. mountain, Poke went hunting in the

into his cheek. With a shudder he When fear measures strength tall timber. From tracking a runcontemplated what would happen if with love, unusual things happen. away horse, Posey returned to camp

late in the forenoon and found the coast clear of anyone to challenge his presence in any of the wickiups.

"PUNEEH! APOSIt was a camp of squaws and paPUP!"TATE GASPpooses, no one to mock at his thrillTYRANT, ED THE

HIS LONG FINGERS ing stories.

ON THE KNOT OF At the headquarters of the old HOGSTRING. THE

bear he caught sight of Toorah with two older squaws weaving a basket.

Venturing nearer to look in, he leaned against the little pole at the side of the doorway, telling the women he had just made a long ride and was hungry as a coyote. They

invited him to some venison roasting on the coals, and, seating himself on the ground in the wickiup, he cut off a hunk of the juicy meat and as he ate he began telling of his childhood at Navajo Mountain, where they were now encamped.

He found unusual freedom to relate thrilling adventures he had not thought about for years, and some of them he had never heard about before. Toorah's pretty fingers went

on with her weaving, but he knew she listened even though she seldom looked up. He told about hunting

in the big timber, of riding broncho colts with nothing but a rawhide [Continued on page 60) HICAGO STAKE Number 118 By S. C RICHARDSON

Of the Detroit News

President Grant installs new ecclesiastical unit in the Middle West with W. A.

Matheson, John K. Edmunds, and

James N. Astin forming stake presidency.

IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, WHERE JOSEPH

presis also a former FOR A FAITHFUL NEW STAKE GANIZING THE whoMoreple thanfilledsevenChicago'shundred Unipeo- H.Seventy,Taylor of the First Council of SMITHAGO, PRESIDENTWAS MARTYREDGRANT NEARLYIS HEREA SEENCENTURYORMEMBERSHIP. CHURCH AND GROWING MisStates Northern ident of the

chapel, Sunversity Branch B. S. Hinckley, President sion, and

to 29th, Novemberday afternoon, Sister Mission, extends as far north as of the mission. head present westGrant name President and Wisconsin,hear Heber Milwaukee, Rachel Grant Taylor also and Grant

direct Illinois, compriswere J.to to Rockford,the men who ward attendance. in the were

growth of this now youngest stake in the Church. Elder W. A. Matheson, who has ingbers moreof thethanChurch.two thousandFour wardsmemSquare of the Logan president been Shore North the formed: were impressive, augservice was The years, twenty than for more Branch and University Ward, the Chicago's Ward, music with bymented of the president new named was all forSquare Ward, the Logan Brother directed choirs bycombined stake. the and Chicago, in branches merly counsecond Astin, nowJames M.

selor in the new stake presidency. Counselors to President MathMilwaukee Northside Ward. The

Brother Willard Andeline and Sister eson are John K. Edmunds, promindependent branches are at Racine,

Elizabeth Brown were soloists for inent Chicago attorney, and James Wisconsin, Batavia, Aurora, and the meeting. N. Astin, formerly a member of the Rockford, Illinois, and Milwaukee

in the Choir, and now Tabernacle Southside. realization a bright day was The a in and Chicago radio business Other officers announced by Presin to people Chicago and the many

leader. at the ident Grant and sustained of Zion stake now Choir Middle West—a the include of organization, new stake, which was forThe meeting their to hopes their an answer own;

and efforts; a blessing for their work merly a part of the Northern States following;

and service. W. L. Hansen, patriarch and

Assisting President Grant in the THEANOTHERUNIVERSITYORGANIZATIONBRANCH SCENECHAPELTAKENON CHIIN president of the High Priests quostake organization were Elder John CAGO'S SOUTH SIDE. rum.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

Members of the stake high counof the Almighty."( Detroit News—

cil—Ronald Molan, Adelph WehrMay 12,1936.)

vein, Earl Van Wagoner, Earl L. It is of more than passing interest Witte, Grover Clyde, Russel B. when national business leaders, CHICAO

Clark, and John W. Howell. scientific investigators, indifferent

Mrs. Lois E. Astin was named public officials, or hardboiled newsstake Relief Society president; Anpaper reporters and photographers Mormons Will Organize N<

thony Cannon, superintendent of will pause a moment to listen, then the Y. M. M. I. A.; Mrs. Ruby wonder, then respect or cheer, the 'Stake'in Chicago, Mark

Clark, president of the Y. W. M. president of the Church of Jesus

I. A.; Mrs. Veldron Matheson, presChrist of Latterday Saints. It is Steady Expansion of Chi

ident of the Primary Association, more than a tribute to his genial and Emery S. Mulnix, stake Genebenevolence and personality. It is A permanent local unit of theiinthenew pi.-

alogical chairman. a tribute to the Gospel, to the Mormon"stake,"whichchurch,corresknown as a'-'"'.''

Three bishops were named: Church and to the people of the diocese or

Ariel L. Williams of Logan Square Church.

Ward; George E. Harris of the Every visit of the President east,

University Ward, and Austin Gudevery step forward by the Church mundson of the Milwaukee Ward. in its remarkable organization, every

Ninetyseven years ago, on Ocdedication, every musical program toeAC tober 5, 1839, the Prophet Joseph and radio broadcast, every article in

Smith organized the first stake in our national magazines, every rethe state of Illinois. It was called porter and photographer, every..-rtsrMission

in daily our great story and picturethe Stake"A. and William "Nauvoo will final meeting 'Xvf \TJX aes<*Xtif the boosts newspapers, momentum cl first president. Later Sciuare lrfSfS**t flee WJtf**Cn1cagctorrn"onchoiV at was itsMarks Loganother stakes were organized in the that is gathering around the pro- &28SiS\\

state but these were all discontinued gress of this Church, nationally and?sg;when the Church abandoned Nauinternationally. ic

voo to go West. The effect of these events on peois surprising. ple generally who We invited attention President Grant

feel live and them work among it fi *# nt'ser fact that theto presof those many

It gives keenly. an arresting them inent congregation the dewere

of challenging concept Morand Latof of thescendants thousands it. like taste of the monism. They Saints driventerday from were who

this of realization the must And Illinois inthe state of 1846. "No of the organizing been have what

tell artist the paint nor cantongue 58***3"*oc atpublicity stake the Chicago's andsufferings Saints of Latterday the *5W '"On] 'st f r Of th V f/Of/j it to President tendant meant upon an cerflin their betrayal expulsion from and 568 tostep important Grant—another u/-Pt,.-Illinois Missouri,"President and universal of the achievement ward told the congregation.Grant "Now QBffO KVve.detvt recognition for the latter mesday

in back to the state come havewe & Gospel. the sage of

which the Prophet Joseph Smith was stake.martyred to organize this stake."

Tn the achievement of this event, Qucago probably no one was happier than President Grant. To him it

was another chapter in the fastmoving chain of recent events: New -—roSc

York stake. Cumorah dedication.

Chemurgic Council in Detroit. Winluuced A e$tl Florence,ter at Quarters pag Monument pro*11 ued others. gaining All

jytoanNebraska—and

.na'Vd y&f-x for recognition nationalfriends and Van Earl row*5:2oor Grover ofthe Lord. the work title.

. * Of. - <2> ft. E.j President reporters the met Time, Five December 7, *$, 1936 *

at Saturday. in Chicago, the train to f A

clicked. popthe[vony, QuestionsCameras

1ped. And Chicago's daily papers 'Mrs/carried the story. More reporters RELI GION

orthe at photographers wereand r Stake "COVERS"EVENT. PRESS REPRETHE THE 118 itself, including serviceganization

I* k SENTED OF HERE SCORES A ARE OF FEW hSeer&Reve,ator nationalrepresentatives of both and ofth: IM STORIES WHICH APPEARED CHICAGO THE d i h Mormons observed his.so impressed.local press. were Nhw;u74H84tSNo. They DAILY NEWS, TRIBUNE, CHICAGO CHICAGO f-eSch 3

CHICAGO AMERICAN, HERALD EXAMINER, SS recalled Counthe ChemurgicThey 1 hS;?\&> TIME, PUBLICATIONS AND NUMEROUS OTHERcil in Detroit months ago some when "eDCr Jedediah COAST. TO FROM COAST < t P 'rant of fh rhr,u scientists stood leadersnational and * u- |'g tiB > /? this for feet their cheered "andon mon business tal T Svr look people -t 800,000man "whom

upon as privileged to hear the voice farM rf?,<V "O

N CENTRAL EUROPE'S

BY ARTHUR LONELY

G A ET H First President of the Czechoslovak Mission DEMOCRA

Tn Czechoslovakia, land of John Huss, the Ambassadors of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints now find friendly welcome where once arrest and imprisonment awaited messengers of the

Restoration.

RE YOU happy to be home?"than any institution of learning. To

has been asked me by leave such a task and return to the ordinary things of life is naturally people. of"A'hundreds Who I feel let consequently and down to return to not happy bewould

I shall that able with be to say the nowafreest world, espein the country

I so that others the years many years tencially after spent having the field spent in the mission were in regulationbound tradition and ARTHUR GAETH life. most valuable years of my Yet, I do not mean thatEurope!

I have not missed Europe and her Our labors in the Czechoslovak vak Mission was dedicated by Dr.

interesting. especially Mission were president then A. Widtsoe, John opportunities. culturalmany scratch. There from began We six of the Mission, European and in the worthmost engaged I was the of three were Church members lamissionaries to appointed were sometimeswhile, though most living in Czechoslovakia, Prague, it. thirtysix in misthen Since in bor of in thethankless, job world—that first misthe 1929, when Mormon called that sionaries to have been people improve help toattempting

themselves spiritually, mentally, sosionaries made their homes there to field. They have been instrumental

cially, and physically, and to enbegin preaching the Gospel to a in baptizing one hundred and five courage them to seek their salvaSlavic people. people. Branches of the Church

tion. That naturally placed me in On July 24, 1929, the Czechoslohave been established in five cities,

in four, Relief SoSchools MISSIONCZECHOSLOVAK PIONEER life: Sunday of THE that school inthe greatest

DR. A. WIDTSOE, JOHN ARIES WITH in AT cieties three, ImproveMutual in daily experience. I washuman ORGANIZATION. OF TIME THE

touch with the children of the CreSitting, left to right: Alvin G. Carlson, Presiment Associations in three. The

ator, and they were able to teach dentPresident.John A.Standing:Widtsoe, CharlesArthur Josie,Gaeth,JosephMissionI. Church has published the Book of

me more about the values of life Hart, Willis H. Hayward, Wallace F. Toronto. Mormon, the Pearl of Great Price,

and excerpts from the Doctrine and

Covenants, as well as two small booklets What Is Mormonism and

A Century of Mormonism, three pamphlets, twentysix tracts, and seventy church songs. Dr. Talmage's Articles of Faith has been

translated. The prejudice of a nation against Mormonism has been

combatted through personal contact, public lectures, radio talks, and newspaper articles. Most men and

women of consequence were made aware of the presence of Mormonism within the Republic which revered the great Czech reformer,

John Huss, who gave preference to a fiery grave on the shores of Lake

Constance to retracting his stand against the corrupt policies of the church at whose Charles University in Prague he had been rector.

It seems that the same church that consigned Huss to the flames was::.:..:....

somewhat alarmed over the activities of Mormon Elders. The new

mission had to contend against the sedition and slander of the representatives of that church in the courts of the land, and the leading clerical newspaper at Prague, fostering an antiMormon campaign, had to be brought into court to retract charges that Mormon Elders were the tools of Nazi Germany in a great espionage net which was being developed to subject the independent and libertyloving Czechs.

The Czechs would not countenance the attempted patriotic play of that religious institution, which in the past had always placed her own interests before that of any temporal power, and so several Czech senators offered, if necessary, to testify to the integrity of Mormon representatives in Czechoslovakia before the courts of their own land.

Justice was administered without question. A proclamation was ENTTHE HOMEHRADCANY,OF THETHEPRESIDENTOLD CASTLEOFANDCZECHOPRES-

BRIDGE, SLOVAKIA WITH BUILT CHARLES recallingprinted newspaper by the

IN USE, STILL FOREIN 1348 AND IN THEall charges; the of the expenses GROUND.

court and the trial were borne by the offending party, and a donation "OLDTHE CITY"POWDERIN PRAGUE.TOWER—ENTRANCE TO THE

was given by the offending church to the Czechoslovak Red Cross as a gesture of good intent. The way that good man, John Huss, who had

has been opened to preach the Gosbeen inspired by the English Wypel to the Czech nation, a nation cliffe, was burned at the stake. His

with a most unusual history. death did not extinguish the fire of

Czechoslovakia is today a lonely the Reformation which had been democracy in Central Europe, surkindled in the hearts of his counHussites.rounded on all sides by dictatortrymen, who became

ships. If it becomes her lot in the Hussite demands, sent to the pope

near future to send her sons again of the church, petitioned for the following reforms within the Church ofinto battle to defend her against violation of her borders, she will be Christ: (a) that the Sacrament be

fighting according to the tradition administered in both kinds to both { b ) that the lithof her early citizens, the Hussites, the clergy and laity;

who defended religious freedom and urgy be presented in the language the right to have a voice in deterof the people (people had the right mining the policies whereby they to participate in services with the were to be governed. priests and were not to be placed

In the early Fifteenth century in the roll of the outside inferior because they could not understand 15,000 WOMEN PERFORMING IN UNISON AT the privileged tongue); (c) that the

SLET,"THE "S0K0L SLAV THE GYMNASTIC laity given positions be a voice and

HELD IN MEET SIX YEARS. PRAGUE EVERY

in the church; government of the

( d ) that the clergy be permitted to marry.

T'izka, the famous Hussite warrior, who will some day receive his place among the world's cleverest war strategists, employed trenches and armoured cars in transporting his soldiers and whipped the

Catholic world with its armies of hundreds of thousands with a mere thirty thousand soldiers of his own, and led his people to victory and freedom; and, for two hundred

years, Bohemia ( Czech part of

Czechoslovakia) was a Protestant nation. Then Bohemian nobles for15

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937 erned by men who placed the duties of state and the message of "peace on earth, good will toward men"before the policies of a church.

As a democracy Czechoslovakia occupies a unique position in stormtorn Europe. She is surrounded by

dictatorships, all hostile to her, for she has territory which once belonged to Austria and Hungary, has generally been in conflict with Germany whose "Bagdad line"policy has been a danger to her independent existence, and has a section of coal country with a Polish minority which Poland has coveted. Then,

too, Austria, Hungary, and Poland have been Catholic strongholds, with leaders generally inclined to favor the policies of Rome, whereas

Czechoslovakia has had a Catholic population but leaders who have tried to break away from Rome.

Consequently she has sought her friends and allies in more distant got to cherish the freedom the peoTHEHONORHUSSOF JOHNMONUMENTHUSS, ERECTEDTHE CZECHIN REFORM1915 IN countries among the French, JugoWAS ER, WHO gained ple had to opBURNED AT THE STAKE FOR began and Russians, slavs, Roumanians, and

IN HERESY 1415. press the the urbanite. peasant and interest whose was most common

civil Contention occurred. and war that they enemies. had common the thing to same happened Elder Thirty Years'the found The War struggle Czechoslowhich The in Kaiser in Lipa Ceska Northern contending Bohemians themamong is is fighting strugvakia the today Bohemia. in ElBut 1929 Mormon fell selves, they to prey the and is gle everywhere which democracy ders liberty unrestricted given were Hapsburgs. Battle of White The its to policies of undergoing defend to in preach the Gospel Bohemia, in fought Mountain, near Prague action of thought freedom and for the Czechs longer unwere no thirtheir for 1620, sealed and doom the against regimentation of der foreign oppression a but had ty policy of a years extermination In Fascism such and Communism. their of government own. Mormon victors. carried the outwas by Durstruggle a democracy sometimes friends Elders soon of some made that ing of period population the itself finds at bedisadvantage a officials of the in land, highest the the three country from reduced was it disthe cannot cause command lists placed were offiguest on of million to a hundred thousand two cipline the attained can which be by cial functions, in the accepted were million rest inhabitants. mere The in dictatorship Fascist and Comsociety. of best the been Such had killed banished. or beenhad states. Dictators munist command in changes a land wrought which

The darkness of oppression prewas still nominally seventy per cent and expect and receive immediate their invailed use the the beginpropaganda They land. At Catholic, but which was now govaction.

that the of their century, the nineteenth machinesning of minds to sway proud nation which founded a Bo- "GOLD STREET,"ONE OF THE OLDEST inhabitants and apply the pressure hemian university as early as 1348 STREETSIT WAS INKNOWNPRAGUE.AS THEIN THE"STREETMIDDLEOF AGESTHE necessary to gain results. But a

(the third oldest on the European ALCHEMISTS."democracy must wait for public

continent) and which boasted some of the most learned men of that time, had no school of higher learning in its own tongue, could not even boast of a written alphabet and an established language. The

country which had produced Comenius, whose progressive conceptions of pedagogy and didactics are foundational principles of modern education, was a wilderness of illiteracy. Then the Austrian revolution of 1848 brought a revival of

the Bohemian spirit and laid the foundations for the liberation which came to the Czechs and Slovaks at the end of the World War in 1918.

In 1886, Elder Wilford Biesinger, a Mormon missionary, spent six weeks in jail in the city of Prague and then was banished. In 1907,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

ed with much competition. The war

psychosis has become so powerful that people are possessed by it, and consequently are seeking some hypodermic, some amusement, to take their minds off their fears and troubles. The places of amusement

are crowded and in them the missionary finds competition, for unless he uses the latest methods of proselyting he is at a decided disadvantage with other attractions.

The day has passed when two missionaries entering a small town were the whole attraction and could draw a large crowd. Today every

town of fifteen thousand or more inhabitants has its theater, its picture shows, its weekly lectures, and its many other attractions. In many

homes the women as well as the men are employed, due to a general low wage level, and the tractopinion to formulate before it can SLAV GIRLS IN THEIR SUNDAY BEST. ing missionary finds no entrance. In

act. That always takes time, but the better class homes he finds himthe results are much safer, for haste ence of the gang spirit and who are self greeted by the servants, who

makes waste, as we in America by nature hero worshippers. When are instructed in advance never to

know. he leaves that atmosphere, he has take anything from a peddler. Thus

a new conception of mob psycholthe missionary who has only the old ogy. tracting approach and nothing but

in time'jPhe spends person who offer services public preaching to a ultimately the nation has Every of despairs sometimes Europe investigators. averdraws few He it in the deserves government and, abilitythe of democracies to mainif converts or ages year a one two run, long nations leaders the of intain that themselves atmosphere. is fortunate. has he But where he will the merely the express of domiliberties of sees theEverywhere he illustrated lecture, to the learned use in population. nant the elements curtailed,peoples being sees the athletics, recreational amusements, their exercise various Dictators inmobilization forces of of war other the newspaper, and modern the represent they because powerspreparation for struggle the between still of approach, he has methods their countries. in forces major willFascism and which Communism to concan opened him and homes so, discontinue to they do Whenalso involve the democracies. He all in to spite tinue friends of make are they deposed.sees lured people the from away offered. the competition

freedom, for which generations of It is most difficult to do missionmen have fought, by the glamor of ary work under such conditions. In ( Editor's Note: The author's next

organization and by propaganda those European countries in which article in the February Improvement aimed to turn the. heads of the the Church has established missions, Era will tell of his Russian experiyoung who are still under the influthe missionary of today is confrontence. )

ZIZKA QUARTER, PRAGUE BYFit for MABEL S.

HARMER comp'ny N WHICH A PLAIN AND LOVABLE FAMILY DISCOVERS VIRTUE IN OLD

I AND FAMILIAR THINGS.

fl lvira Mecham foldthat Frances had been away worked up the letter she had just been ing in the city this was the first time reading aloud to her husband and that she had shown a serious inslipped it into the pocket of her blue terest in any man. As their only

checked apron where it would be child she had had pretty much anyhandy for another perusal later in thing she wanted in the past. She

the day. Her grayblue eyes were was going to continue to get anyunusually animated and she pushed thing she wanted as far as it was in

her hand down over her smooth, her mother's power to help her to do dark hair as she had a habit of doing so.

when she was well pleased. Alvira barely nodded as Henry

"It'll be awful nice to have some arose from the table and said he young people here for the holidays, guessed he'd take a cat nap before won't it?"she said, beaming at going back to the field. Henry alHenry across the dinner table. ways took a cat nap after dinner so

"Well, I dunno now."Henry he needn't have mentioned the matgazed at the Swiss steak he was ter, the old sofa being kept on the

about to consume as if it were that back porch in the summer time and he was dubious about, although after in the kitchen during the winter prethirty years of Alvira's perfect Swiss cisely for this purpose.

steaks there could never have been Alvira's innate energy very selany question in his mind as to their dom allowed her to rest after a meal quality. "It depends on what these until the dishes were done, as well

friends of Francie's are like. as any other part of the housework

More'n likely they'll be stuckup city that might have been left over from folks that'll expect to be served by the morning, but today she lingered a maid and have a towel apiece in at the table after Henry had left and the bathroom."fingered her letter, gazing at her

"Humph! I certainly hope they husband through the open door as

can have a towel apiece,"said Alhe lay stretched out on the old vira with some asperity, "civilized chintzcovered sofa. Henry was not

maid—Ipeople alwaysmight evendo. beAndable asto manto a whenan impressiveawake andlookingwas stillman,less soevenin

age that."the repose of slumber. He was

"Who's this Elbert fellow she short of stature and the increasing mentions? That some boy she's tryroundness of middle age made him

ing to set shorter ever her cap appear than now. for?"Henry What conSHE THE KNEW THAT BEST TIME TO PRESENTtinued, quite light ignoring of his his wife's was left brown HENRY WITH hair was THE VARIOUS IDEAS HAD THAT

hint of a maid. THEBEEN AFTERNOONACCUMULATINGWAS INIMMEDIATELYHER HEAD DURINGAFTER just beginning to be mixed with

"Elbert Houston is his name and SUPPER WHEN HE SAT TOASTING HIS FEET BY gray, which seemed to make it apFrancie seems to think he's a very THE FIREPLACE. pear even scantier than it really was.

fine young man,"Alvira retorted. three days. Most any man would His eyes were still very blue and

"As to setting her cap for him, I want to get in the family and have usually had the humorous twinkle in don't think our girl will have to do a steady chance at this food."them that went with his goodthat for any man, although if she Alvira smiled, slightly mollified on natured, easygoing disposition.

brings him down here we will want the surface by Henry's compliments Yes, Henry was one of those good to do all we can to make a good imbut underneath a train of thought sorts that would always tie on an pression."had been started that boded ill for apron and help with the supper

"I guess we won't have to worry his complacency. It was true in a dishes but would never set the world

none,"said Henry complacently way, she supposed, that Frances was on fire. Well, she had given up

pushing his empty dinner plate to setting her cap for this young man. expecting that years ago.

one side in favor of a smaller one A"1 least it had not been difficult to But this matter of the letter now.

holding a huge cut of lemon pie. discern from her letters that she adShe unfolded it and glanced through

"I guess Francie is purty smart to mired him greatly and had been very its neat, typewritten pages again.

bring him down here where he can much pleased at the attention he had "There will be four of us,"she read, eat her mother's cooking for two, been showing her. In the two years "Mr. Houston, Park Travers and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

my roommate, Elsa Gordon. I'll be sisted in keeping it in the most promdown Thursday night and the others inent corner in the house when it

will come early Friday. I hope that could just as well have been out of

everything will be nice—but then sight in some bedroom upstairs. She

I know I can always depend on determined that this was one time you."it was going out of sight if it had to

be brought down again the day after /\lvira finished reading the company was gone.

the letter and folded it again with a There were other articles, smaller look of grim determination in her but none the less objectionable, that face. Yes, everything would be she began gathering up that very

nice. She would not fail Francie in minute for temporary oblivion. Perso important an affair as this. She haps once they were out of Henry's

began taking mental stock of the old sight they would be out of his mind house and its furnishings. It was too, and she could have some pretty

indeed an old house as Alvira had upto-date things in their place.

reflected many a time before to her There was that old sampler, for insorrow. It had been built by Henry's stance. Weeping willows embroidgrandfather almost a hundred years ered all over it and the names and

ago and very few changes had ever dates of grandfather Mecham's fambeen made in it. ily. All ten of them, beginning with

The woodwork was still the same Henrietta M., April 4, 1825, down to

and even the floors with their boards Wilberforce who had been born in of uneven widths and the heads of '43. What a silly idea it had been

the nails showing forth unabashed, when one could write the names so had never been replaced as she had much easier in the family Bible and so often yearned to have done. She embroider roses on a sofa pillow

had not yearned in silence. Indeed, instead. Well, she had gazed upon

during the thirty years that she had it for her entire married life, she been married to Henry she had would take it down now and hang pleaded time and time again that up one of those Japanese prints insomething be done about those old stead to hide the place where the floors but Henry invariably answerwallpaper was not faded. She could

ed that there was no sense in coverget a real pretty one for only fifty ing up a good floor when they needcents.

ed the money worse for something Alvira went on through the house else, or put her off by saying that removing the mirror from the parlor, they would get around to it some a companion piece to the sampler day. SHE WAITED NOW UNTIL HENRY HAD in the dining room. Only the lower

If Alvira had only known sooner PAPERREACHEDBEGANTHE TOPOINTDROPWHEREOCCASIONALLYTHE EVENINGFROM part really was mirror, the upper about the city company coming, that HIS HANDS. part being a painting on glass. Next

day would have been right now. came the tiptop table with its three

The crops had been good this year there you were. Henry had inlegs, each one ending at the base in

and there was a little surplus in the herited furniture but no gumption a glass ball clutched tight in a claw.

bank for the first time in years, but from his forbears and she would The top was hinged and could be if it was too late to put in new floors have to make the best of it. At least turned up when not in use. "As

now. The eventful visit was less she had had many long years pracanyone wanted a table turned up,"

than a week away so she would have tice in doing so. Alvira thought scornfully, "when

just thereto could as pretty well a cover be as best could she them up at took long the look another She it."sitting of flowers into bowl her on put Mrs. energyand brightening

floors. offending were There some Denning's beautiin the old other someup Vera made ways. home furniture in rugs store Macy's ful roses of crepe out that paper since his finished long had Henry green with pink background pretty-—a real natural. looked get She would to stock.nap out the and Algone in If flowers center. the she bought to her to put the dining on some dovira started with a sense up sudden or three of those put two and them table. particular table This room was guiltof that she allowed had Henry the the doorways, furniture before

strictly going to sight of out be byto to for go before doing work once in large the center rug the and would time. that herself.so quickly She washed up floor. cover rest of the the of up most

the few dishes, wiped the dishpan Then there was that old highboy inside and out with the dishcloth that stood in the dining room. Al- /\lvira's psychology was

and put everything to rights. Then vira had been quite willing that very good. She knew that the best

she wandered through the front part Henry should keep it inasmuch as time to present Henry with the of the house, deep in the problem it had belonged to grandfather various ideas that had been accumubefore her. Mecham and it made a handy place lating in her head during the afterIf Henry had any getup to him to keep receipts, old newspaper clipnoon was immediately after supper

they would not have to be worrying pings, Christmas cards and such when he sat toasting his feet by the over what could be done with an old stuff that nobody ever looked at but fireplace. He was too drowsy then

house, half of whose furnishings had hated to throw away, but she never to have a very clear idea of what come down from his ancestors. But could understand why he had per- (Continued on page 58)

Mt. pisgah DECENT SHOWS "DISCOVERY**MOUNT PISMORMON

GAH MORMON CEMETERY, UNION COUNTY, IOWA, TO BE CHURCH CEMETERY

PROPERTY.

By RICHARDS L EVANS t-JISTORICAL DOCUMENT CREDITS MORMONS settlement at Mt. Pisgah. Her husband

WITH HAVING BEEN INSTRUMENTAL IN OBconductsIowa, andthehasBrunsonmade a Studionumberat ofCreston,photoTAINING STATEHOOD FOR IOWA IN 1846. graphs of the monument located in the

burial lot, which are also enclosed.

The article is an absorbing narrative and a result of the tenth Hissition in 1886 had apparently been I thought you would be interested in also reading the it, as well forgotten. photoas having a Being cemetery, no Pilgrimage conductedAs toric graphs. notice has ever to issued been to tax bv Vida Clawson Fox truly, very Yours the this for Church property. (Signed) Ralph Budd. points QuartersWinter and other

fact of the The Church ownership interestof the has Church come

I P. also S. enclose copies of deeds this of two historic site light to came that the"discovery"Pisgah Mount of record at Creston, Iowa, concernthrough interest the inquiry and in Cemetery the Counof founding burial UnionMormon ground, locattwo and maps Mr. Ralph of President Budd, the the ing parcel land, of transferred is ty, C. A. of by the Iowa, the property

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterChicago, Burlington, & Quincy White to John Taylor, Mormon Trustee, on June 12, 1886. Railroad. Mr. Budd, who attended apparfact whichday Saints—a R. B. dedication of the Winter Quarently not a matter the was heretofore

of record either in the Church Histers Monument at Florence, NeThe two deeds referred to, one of braska, personally conductedtorian's or Presiding Office in the the which reproduced herewith, were Historic Pilgrimage that group was its Office, dated acquiBishop's because 12, 3, 1886, and June isMay that occasion present on to Mount first 1886. one out The was made

Pisgah Mormon Cemetery in Union in error to O. B. Huntington as

County, Iowa, some 115 miles Trusteein-Trust of the Church of southeast of Winter Quarters, and Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints;

spent the day with them there. Mr. and the second one, executed to corBudd, observing that the nature of rect the error of the first, was made

the grass indicated virgin ground to President John Taylor, Trusteeand that the plot was fenced in, unin-Trust. The consideration was

improved, uncared for, and undisthirty dollars paid to Albert C. and

turbed, inquired as to possible Ellen White, husband and wife, for

Church ownership. one acre of land. A reasonable

Since no member of the party was conclusion is that O. B. Huntington

able to inform him on this point, Mr. negotiated for the property in behalf

Budd undertook a private investigaof the Church and was erroneously tion and a week later there came the described as Trusteein-Trust in the following letter: first deed.

Mrs. Vida Fox Clawson The monument, a reproduction of

29 South State St. which accompanies this article, was

Salt Lake Cityerected on this site in the year

Dear Mrs. Clawson: 1888 "in memory of those members I enclose a short article prepared by Mrs.

Mertle R. Brunson, dealing with the Morof the Church of Jesus Christ of

mon trek across Iowa and their temporary Latterday Saints who died in 1846,

TENTH HISTORIC PILGRIMAGE

GROUP AT MT. PISGAH.

CLOSE UP OF FRONT FACE OF

MOUNT PISGAH MONUMENT.

The camps were now traveling through an

Indian country, where there were no roads,

Names of the Dead on the Monument no settlements and only Indian trails. The

at "Pisgah"Cemetery spring rains having ceased, however, greater to road a progress although had was made [side of Huntington Hays Mr. William built all bridges the prepared and way, be

river) Charlotte Lenora in (Essentials all the streams. Church over Merryfleld Joseph Snow 407.) Fielding Smith, Mr. Cook p. History, Joseph by Isaac Richards'P. Mr. of Brown Wife

T. Ezra B. Adah Thompson Mr.

Nancy Workman William Selvanies lVRS. Mertle R. Brunson, a nonBishop Samuel Workman

Samuel Steel Joseph Franklin member of the Church, residing

Bishop Simeon a brief at Iowa, has written Creston, Carter Thayer Angelia

Thayer Gloah Stranger. Not in of the history at Mount Mormons Hitchcock. Jessy the Church.

a wife Henry Judson Pisgah, a copy of which has come to

Hallet Clark Alexander Gay MR. RALPH BUDD, This Budd. Ralph through us Mr. Hallet Phebe Benjamin Gay BURHallet Gould Johnson Ann Jane Emma credits RAILdocument the Mormons with PRESIDENT,LINGTON s. Louese Hallet Martha A. Dana ROAD. in obtaininstrumental children other been having Corley Betsy ShipTwo

ley (or Sarah Hulet Curley) ing statehood for Iowa in 1846. Sarah Shipley Ann Hulet Nephi

Rogers Noah David McKee From it we quote the following exPhileman Polly Sweat Amos

Rogers Louisa Cox cerpts:

Mary Brimit (or Eliza Cox Ensign Briant) Henry Davis The exodus of a persecuted and misunJosephine Margaret Joel Campbell

Billingsley Emily Whiting derstood group of people from Nauvoo,

Spencer Elisha Whiting Hyrum in the Illinois, into Iowa and through Iowa Alvah Hancock bound people were early days, which and made first camp on Sugar Creek. Here Edminson Gardner Head very SallyWidowWhiting

Philunda Calvin Whiting for Utah, a prospective religious Mecca, they rested for a week to plan further and

Elizabeth Jordan Daniels the first settlements in started on to do with to organize. had the Mormons much Then Smith Rebecca Adair Joseph bottomIowa. traveling County, through in spring rains, Union Billingsley Mangttm William P.

Elkano Keller Lane Ann Mangum less sloughs, through high grasses, their

Mrs. Baldwin and Jemima Mangum pellmell rush wagons being pulled by oxen. in their gold seekers The (Adair) Adah Baby

trail, followed California the Mormon {buried William Jefferson to Hess Mr.

on west) Adah (Adair) using the same fords and rude bridges across So they came on through the countries streams and following the traces in the of southwestern Iowa by way of points now known as Garden Grove, Lamoni, and

Pisgah.

Having lost many of their number by death en route, a vast number being ill from

DISTANT of rains, lack chilly spring during VIEW exposure

MT. PISGAH OF the clothing, insufficient food and warm MONUMENT.

Mormon leader determined upon a temporary camp on the high rolling land overlooking the beautiful, fertile valley of the wide, majestically flowing Grand River. Here

the Mormons remained for a period of years, from June, 1846 until 1852, when the last of the brave band left for Utah.

They built log cabins for many of their people. Others camped for a period in

wagons and tents. It is stated that at one

period of time as many as 3000 people, sick and feeble babes in arms, older children, stalwart men and women, comprised the settlement. The Mormons built...

a school house, set up some shops, and in village. Later, general created temporary a prairies the in of the grasses mud ruts deep 1 their exodus 848, during 1 847, and these they buildings gone, were had when ironshod that been cut of sloughs, had by the settlers seek beyond a usedto the permanent white home by who stronghearted and of the men Rocky wagons

Mountains."The threescore names women during the period of 1830 to 1860. MT. PISGAH MARKER ERECTED BY THE IOWA

FIRST of D. later Alfred Colonel of the Hebard sides Years fourappearing on the WHITEA. R.,SETTLERS.1928, TO UNION COUNTY'S to find commissioned Iowa, when Oak, Red herealso are reproducedmonument

old the railroad, for the followed route a ** inare of themwith, although some trail laid out the railroad and was Mormon distinct and may be subject to error. along this route from Burlington to FairThe names of many who died here field in 1858. Later the road extended to

as to each Creston, became Afton, town the monument.are not recorded on of is artery until founded, a great now it of significance the Concerning this conacross vast extending commerce

Mount Pisgah in Church History, tinent.

Joseph Fielding Smith has written The Mormons left the state of Illinois, the following paragraph: constanta vast armyconflictin numbers,with neighborsafter ina periodthe localof

Mount Pisgah. On the 18th of May ity of Nauvoo. It was here that their main

1846, Pres. Young and several of the apossettlement had been located. Here were their

tles reached the middle fork of Grand River, temple and the residence of their leader.

some twentyseven miles west of Garden They became powerful and influential in

Grove. Here Parley P. Pratt with a comstate affairs, thus arousing the resentment

;pany was found encamped. He had called and jealousy of those people who were not,.rf*'

the place Mount Pisgah, and here it was of their faith. Killing and outlawry became

decided to make another settlement for the common. Homes were burned and shops

Saints. Several thousand acres of land and the temple destroyed. When the

were fenced for cultivation, after the manMormon leader, Joseph Smith, and his ner of the settlement at Garden Grove, and brother Hyrum were arrested and jailed and this place became a resting place for the killed the Mormons decided to leave.

weary exiles for several years while crossBrigham Young became the new leader.

ing the plains. Elder William Huntington Early in February, 1846, so history relates,

was chosen to preside with Elders Ezra T. they crossed the Mississippi River on the

Benson and Charles C. Rich as counselors. ice, or were ferried as weather dictated,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

and land from the Mormons, locating here even before the Mormons pulled stakes for final exit. Here the first Post Office was

settler, located with the first permanent Mr.

as Postmaster. Lock, appointed The A. C WHITE to JOHN TAYLOR Wm.

first school, church, and blacksmith shop set up were here. The first (unpretentious)

hotel was here. County history records the

first election as held at Pisgah with ten voters present.

12th in the Hundred eight Lord, of year thousand Indenture, of our day one The June Made This tillable voters ten These were living on six in eighty the between County Albert Ellen and Husband and C. and White White Wife

able deserted so were the Mormons, first by for party part, of the land of State in the of Taylor Trust Iowa and Trustee Union and John

Church of Jesus Christ of the Latterday Saints of Salt Lake City in the County of Salt Lake and to furnish food to gold seekers and feed part part of party party for and of the the the first the Witnesseth, said Territory of Utah, second That cattle followed as they their teams and to for dollars States America, in consideration lawful Thirty 30.00 the of of the of of United money sum

trail to California on the Mormon their way is part, receipt the said party us acknowledged of hereby second the the paid whereof by in hand have granted, bargained, sold, aliened, remised, released, conveyed and confirmed and by these presents in 184849. History records that over

sell, alien, remise, second bargain, grant, release, said confirm, party the the convey do unto of and in six weeks. passed teams 2,016 Pisgah

in office for the Latterday in part to his successor of Christ of of Trust the Jesus Trustee Church and settlers rich earliest from waxed So these wit: all Saints, certain forever, parcel to assigns piece or that of or described land as follows and known

Commencing forty three (43) rods North and five (5) rods West of the center of section eight (8) the hostelry provided and the provisions north eight township Twelve Seventy P. two of west Range M. thence Twenty (72) (28) supplied they which from their own efforts

thirteen third thence thence rods twelve (12) one North rods and (12) (13 the West5th (12) 1/3) in that pioneer day.

acre to containing place of beginning, third South, thence rods Thirteen one and one (13 (1) 1/3) lightly of with should the consider Iowa. as Burying nor not ground County and Ground Union known Mormon We

belonging all thereunto hereditaments appurtenances singular tenements, with Together and and the great passing only thought a drama title in appertaining, profits estate, thereof: issues right or wise the rents, also all and the any and and in locality the called enacted "Pisgah"back of interest parties possession, of the in in equity, said claim well whatsoever, as as law and demand

the first part, of, in, or to the said premises, and every part and parcel thereof, with the appurtenances. in 1846 to 1852, for the thread of history

is correct in in 618. to Error former This Recorded 29 Book made Page Deed Deed thread the the crosses of people Mormon

all the said together to singular the with premises appurtenances unto Hold, and and Have To settleof early history of our Iowa own said part, in the his to office of successor party for the second in the Church and of Trust Trustee in ments. 1846 statehood her gained Iowa his first Saints, forever, of parties of part, Christ or assigns Latterday the the said or Jesus of and

heirs, the said premises in the quiet and peaceable possession of the said party of the second part, due to influx of population by Mormons, his Saints in office successor of Latterday the Tor Christ of Trustee the of Jesus in Trust Church requisites. population of the was one

first against parties part claim claiming their lawfully heirs the the said of the or to and as same, shall and trail, the and so railroad followed The will these presents forever defend. warrant and by

In Witness Whereof, the said parties of the first part, have hereunto set their hands and seals the civilization flooded into this rich, fertile day and year first above written. state, ever improving previous endeavor.

Albert C. White (Seal) In 1846 the nearest settlements were (Seal) Ellen White

Johnson's settlement, fortytwo miles disStates United of America tance; miles twentyfive located Winterest

of SS. Union County Iowa

to the north; Rising located twentySun, tenth the day A. of June D. one thousand eight Hundred and eighty six before me a Notary StateOnof

Public within and for Union County in the State of Iowa duly commissioned and qualified, personally eight miles east; McDonald's trading post

to subscribed Albert are appeared and Ellen White, whose Husband C. White and names Wife the the in fortyfive south, Missouri, miles and

thereto, parties instrument personally the as annexed persons described to be who known same at of Keokuk, Supply two House Mormons instrument, they thereto, parties said as executed the acknowledged annexed duly and to mein thatand trail. the miles along hundred back voluntarily, freely the uses for executed and, purposes therein the and same and mentioned.

office affixed Seal, Notarial hand In Witness Whereof and my my at my hearts, stout determination, endurWhat first written. in Afton day andI haveyear hereuntoin this Certificateset Iowa the above

these religious fervor ance and Mormon Iowa. (Seal) County, Public S. Ketchum, Notary for Union E.

people possessed. It all carried them

through bitter hardships, loss of life for some, but salvation for those who survived located in what was later organized as plete. And yet, the very pulse of settleto found the vast Utah Empire and build

Union County, having Pisgah for its first ment of Union County, the lives and history the magnificent Temple in Salt Lake City, town. The first Post Office and the first of its early people were influenced by the an emblem of their great devotion to a

county election occurred here. Mormon settlement at Mount Pisgah. Here Christ of their belief.

About 300 Mormons died in the first our first permanent settlers bought cabins Compiled and written by theirsix stay. of these of months Many Mertle R. Brunson, OF TOWNSHIP, JONES MAP COUNTY, UNION little in the cemetery buriedwere now Creston, Iowa. LOCATION OF MT. SHOWS PISGAH MORtall bearing a monumentmarked by CEMETERY. September 22, 1936. the MONIOWA,

names of those who could be recalled at the time of the erection of the monument & PLAT O*'in 1888....

In addition to William Huntington, first settlementpresiding elder of the temporary recordScale 2 Inches to the Mile Township 72 North. Range 28Wesl. of the 6? Pnncieal Meridian sixtycalled Pisgah, other names are

ed on this shaft of stone. Other members of

the band were buried along the river and along the route of travel coming near

Pisgah.

In 1886 the Utah church purchased an acre of land on the site of the once "Pisgah,"including this burial spot, where they erected this memorial monument.

Of the 15,000 who had crossed Iowa, making their last camp on the Missouri

River at a spot called Miller's Hollow, or

Kanesville, and now Council Bluffs, between the dates of 1846 and 1852, little remains to mark the trail. Yet it is marked.

A group of dissenters created a permanent settlement at Lamoni, Iowa, calling themselves the ReOrganized Church of Latterday Saints. The Historical Societies and

Curator Harlan of Historical Museum in

Des Moines, Iowa, have caused markers to be placed along the trail through Iowa and monuments to be erected at suitable locations, such as Lamoni, Garden Grove and Mount Pisgah.

The exodus of the Mormons was com22

Sweet revenge

A SHORT

SHORT TigytHMc K'?m'TH STORY

COMPLETE ON THIS PAGE She had smiled, murmured, "Of course."Though inwardly she had

young woman been horribly hurt, strangely she not surprised since she hadpaused, lookedThe again. It was Tom BY was

Daley. The same goodlooking known from the beginning his mothloved had so desonceTom she CHRISTIE ambitionser's attitudefortowardher son.her, Toherherselfsocial.perately hated so fiercely... and

For years, she hoping, waited, had L U N D shegoodhadenoughsaid: for"Youyou.don'tYou'dthink likeI'm ofdreaming the see day she would

him again. And now, Fate, the into marry into the Foster family.

imitable Jester, had brought them Some day I'll"hurt you as you're together. Here in another state, in hurting me."he she knew was remembering Andthis rather lovely strange city.

fateful that also six years beAt this moment he was saying: dance

is dean at the school now?"She seemed always to have known fore. They had gone to the Com- "Who

he would look like this when he mencement dance. He had danced She felt it was too perfect, too

was older, the lines in his face etched with the socially prominent Chloe beautifully playing into her hand.

somewhat deeper, his hair tipped Foster too many times, had acted She said, carefully, casually, "Why, softwith the feathers. gray of dove strangely brother. You she toward her. had And Roger Foster—Chloe's

.. his clothes.Yet. They it, remember him..."before said were known, somehow, he

old, later to say, soiled—breeches, going boots—the he when was what fellow. fine Yes. "Oh, Foster. Aclothes Surely of a worker. Why? that set night her to he asked him fine."he a After Mighty momentcircumstances hadn't unso been their free of engagement. had He married, asked: "You're Jean?"kind. still terribly said: of "I'm fond

They had met one another now you, but there is so much I want to Suddenly, the only thing in her and he was saying: "Jean, whatdo. Marriage seems so remote. It mind was that she wanted to take

his eyes, not hurt that from look beever are would doing here?"you better for us to wait—see

it. hurt once her had add to He feel."how we "I driving was through. Had it unimportant but now. seemed

car trouble. But you, Tom?"Hadn't life hurt him enough? She

said, merely: "Yes, Tom, happily "Why, I—I—that is, I live here.

I thought you knew."married. And you?"

No explanations, no apologies. He nodded, asked: "You've forThe depression had done strange given me?"

things to people. Even the best of "Of course."Somehow, somepeople. She pitied him. Yet she thing in his eyes lightened; he lookfor long so waitedhad this moment she ed remembered had younger—as

I resist saying,she could not "No, suffered in him. he Could it be had

didn't know. You were planning on his conscience as well as in his

being dean of the law school back finances?

home when I last saw you."

After a few moments she left him

He laughed, flushed. "Yes,"he and walked down the shaded, unadmitted, "You have a good memfamiliar street. Stopping at a garage

ory."And into his eyes came a she asked an attendant, "Is the car

strange, hurt look. ready—for Mrs. Foster? Mrs.

She had a good memory, yes. Roger Foster?"

Ten thousand miles WITH THE 'FIRESIDE FOUR"By TOM JUDD Publicity Director, Eastern States Mission AND MARVIN BERTOCH Former Director of the "Fireside Four"

Tn civic clubs, churches, lodges, and public gatherings the universal THE "FIRESIDE FOUR,"MISSIONARY QUARappeal of good music was the "open TETTE,LEFT TOANDRIGHT:THEIRELM0INACCOMPANIST.KIRKHAM, FROMSALT

sesame"for these Eastern States LAKE,UTAH, DIRECTORBASS; MARVINAND BARITONE;BERTOCH, MAGNA,MERLIN

missionaries. FISHER, SALT LAKE CITY, SECOND TENOR;

AND MAX B. SMITH, LEHI, UTAH, FIRST

TENOR; AT THE PIANO, GRANT COOK, TREM0NT0N, UTAH.

TheKiwanismembersClub,of businessthe RochesterleadMission,Don B. Coltoneager ofto thefindEasternnew andStatesefworth-whiledirectly but throughfor the goodthem theythe FiresideaccomplishedFour

ers in the vicinity from which fective means to acquaint the world madetwenty friendsradio stationsfor the inChurchthe East.)with over

Joseph Smith and his followers had with the Gospel message, secured (3) presented eight theatre performbeen driven a hundred years before, four missionaries from various parts ances, at which time they advertised conmeetings. ference his of singing mission had had whostood vigorously five and applauded college before appeared one and five (4) experience, an accompanist, and and boys, missionaries,Mormon who high audiences. school sent to sing there to Baltimore them

to presented twentyeight programs justhad presented (5) a fortyfive minute program at their luncheon, inat the dedication of a new chapel. service clubs in seventeen different cities.

in lecture in appeared concert and President But (6) something Colton hadcluding lecmusical a concert and a hall, cottage, conference meetings; Oldand if in quartette the mind, provedture the on Security ProMormon Clubs, knits; Fellows Lodge Age Odd far adaptable, that reach bewould Adventists, Seventh Methodistgram. and Day grandfathers whose had Men the the at performance one yond congregations, pageants, Y. C. A. M.railed against filed Smith Joseph

chapel. prisons, Baltimore groups, the mission for aged, and homes Thepast the missionaries, their new shaking other assemblies. helped the group buy a secondhandhands, expressing and apprecian publicity newspaper Secured more (7) car the the quartette, taking andation for for the single other the mission than interest group any an music and

name "Fireside Four,"started out of missionaries.in the message which they had premissionary venture, on an the to materially Contributed a new (8) wavesented. the As club members will of the good toward which Church the experiment conserwhich more into the lobby, theswarmed air was President has declares over swept Colton fail. vative warned would

in last the thefilled with Eastern conversation States Mission about the two

Mormon people: their industry, In July, 1936, after six months years.

pioneering, closely and watchedtheir ideals, their reasonable and of constantly aided in the the mission group Every had by member beliefs,progressive and their young president, private training the received for a report vocal compiled somepeople.

mission office revealed that the five and each did his share of solo work

This was nearly the end of a ten young fellows had: on the programs. Their memorized

milethousand good will tour which repertoire thirtyfive selecincluded either lecture, to sing, appeared or ( 1 )these five missionaries, comprising sacred, tions consisting semiof both, before a total people, 16,800 of 20,700 a male quartette and accompanist, of whom had been nonmembers of the classical, and novelty numbers.

had taken and which has done much Church. Meeting 16,800 nonMormons Among the Mormon hymns which

without of having slam one them a door into prejudice overcome and educate at they featured meetings on and is his face significant enviable an andpeople to the true nature of radio broadcasts were: Fa- "O My Morrecord for missionary. a Mormon

monism. The Rochester Club was (2) presented fiftyfive religious radio ther,""As the Dew From Heaven

one of the many before which the broadcasts on stations embracing thousands Distilling,""Joseph Smith's First in their listening of twenty audiences—group has appeared in its six months Prayer,"the Seer,"and "Joseph

affiliated stations which over with were traveling.of Feelings.""School Thy or networks. CBS NBC

In December, 1935, President (Not only were these fiftyfive broadcasts Elder Marvin Bertoch presented

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937 the lecture on the Mormon Security before. The woman apologized and

program to five different service invited them to come and visit her clubs. In these five clubs four hunand explain this religion in detail.

dred men, leading business men in Whenever the quartette met with their communities, heard the lecture such a group at its luncheon or dinwhich described the history of econer meeting there occurred an unnomic cooperation among the Morusual opportunity to preach the mon people, the efficiency of the Word of Wisdom. At every lunchPriesthood organization, the revereon coffee was on the menu and

ence of the Mormons for industry when the Elders requested milk, and and hard, honest labor, and their atdeclined the cigarettes always offertempt through the Security program ed, it was observed and usually reto aid the needy in the Church and sulted in a flow of questions that at the same time preserve their charwere answered by an explanation of acter and selfrespect and encourthe Word of Wisdom. Never did

age their return to selfsupport. the description of that health code

In Ithaca, New York, this lecture fail to arouse praise and respect was delivered to a group of one for it.

hundred and fifty Rotarians, many On the radio the quartette was of them Cornell professors. One of TOM JUDD characteristically successful. The

them remarked: "It strikes me that fiftyfive broadcasts, including fifthe government could learn somethey were presented very capably teen, thirty, and fortyfive minute

thing from the Mormons."Many by Elders El Moin Kirkham and programs, were secured free of

similar comments made by these men Grant Cook. In Altoona, Pennsylcharge to the Church. At every stadirectly to the missionaries or to vania, Elder Cook delivered the tion the quartette was invited to retheir fellow Rotarians in the lobby lecture on the history of the Church, turn. Three stations requested picafter the luncheon, convinced the and the president of the club tures of the group and they were

traveling group that their work was arose and made this statement to his supplied. The following letter was

effective in enlisting deserved refellow club members: given to them by station WFBG in

spect for the Church. "There is more to Mormonism than some Altoona, Pennsylvania, a station

In Binghampton, New York, this of us thought who have just read unauthenover which they had presented lecture, plus musical selections, was tic stories about Brigham Young. I recomtwelve broadcasts:

presented to fifty members of the mend for our own education that we visit IT CONCERN: MAY

pleasure to introduce a greatExchange Club. After the program somethe lecturesof theseof Mormonthese youngmeetingsmen."and hear TOIt WHOMis indeed

the president of the club, who was, to you an outstanding quartette, known as incidentally, a minister, praised the Elder El Moin Kirkham delivered "The Fireside Four."

missionaries to his club for their an illustrated lecture on Utah and This organization has performed over "volunteer, unselfish service in the Mormon Pioneers before an auhavethis stationan openingwith forgreatan exceptionalsuccess, andprogramif you spreading a gospel which is truly a dience of thirty women belonging to of gospel as well as semiclassical selections, gospel of character."Later he took the Quota Club in Scranton, Pennyou will find the "Fireside Four"a musical

the missionaries aside and quoted sylvania, and the women, similarly treat for your listeners.

best wishes the "Fireside accompany Our groups, men's responded by gaththe of professional in the toone men they Four"wherever go."may ering after the lecture exaroundclub remarked: "Well, had who truly, very Yours

Reverend, the Mormons may have pressing appreciation for the presenRadio Station WFBG a religion different from ours, but tation and asking many questions Roy Thompson, they work at it, and that's more than about the beliefs and doctrines of Managing Director.

we do."the Church. Station WSYR in Syracuse, an

After the presentation of the At Auburn, New York, the quarNBC station, over which they had

Mormon Security Plan lecture betette was invited to sing before a presented six broadcasts, gave them fore the Elmira, New York, Kiwanis group of sixty women belonging to this letter:

Club, the "Fireside Four"received a Pollyanna club—an interdenomi- To Whom It May Concern:

this letter: national organization dedicated to The Fireside Four quartette broadcast

several in over while proviwelfare the community and WSYR

I the taking liberty to again thank am you Syracuse. well their pleased with were programsWe sion recreation of wholesome amongfor the wonderful address entertainment and artistic will performance to glad be and

in the its members. only The man atwhich gave yesyou our Kiwanis Club have them our schedule should on they

terday. Methodist group was again return to Syracuse. its sponsor—a

Fred R. Ripley, If you care to use this letter as future minister. the dinner During he sugto other Servicerecommendation any Club, gested that, in addition to the singProgram Director. to glad giveI would be very you permission to do so as you have a very fine mesing of the quartette, one of the misAfter the Palmyra conference the

sage to be given. sionaries tell of the beliefs of the quartette was disbanded due to the

thanking Again people. release of of was you, I am Mormon most The request its members. Each

truly, Yours to his granted with a twenty minute adwent with the conviction home Bert Voorhees, G.

PresidentElmira Kiwanis Club. dress from one of the members of shared by the mission president, that

the quartette. The two lady misthese streamlined missionary methIllustrated lectures on the Book sionaries working in Auburn were ods, combined with those of time

of Mormon, Church History, and in attendance at the banquet and honored efficacy, promise a future

Utah, elicited voluble expressions of after the program they were apof increased efficiency and effectiveappreciation from the cottage meetproached by a woman who had reness in the dissemination of the Gosings and club groups before which jected them at her door a few days pel.

The twelve valiant BornlageJanuary,of Boston,1706, inBenjaminthe vilFranklin lived one of the fullVIRTUES OF est and finest lives ever recorded. In

an age of intolerance, when love of the Lord was blotted out by fear, BENJAMINFranklin, thinking for himself, was convinced that true religion meant love of God and service to one's fellow men. Like David of old, he FRANKLINanchored his soul to the goodness

of the Lord, prayed to Him for wisdom, and trusted utterly to His By WINIFRED HEATHguidance.

Franklin was a selfmade man in the widest sense of the word. He

not only made for himself a career, v. -.:.—"".'.:.;::,

but a sterling character, by the grace of God and twelve selected virtues.

Hisgreatness—butwas no skyrocketa slow growth.course Byto

doing the small things of every day to the utmost of his ability, he prepared himself for the larger things to come.

He was no infant prodigy, not a painfully good boy, nor an altogether exemplary youth. He had his

full share of hotheadedness, and he disliked correction, even as you and

I. But he did something few of us

have the courage to tackle. While

still a young man he took a thorough inventory of his good and bad points, and, as he naively remarks in his frank and fascinating Autobiography: "I was surprised to find

myself so much fuller of faults than

I had imagined."Thereupon he set

out manfully to become something better, and to that end listed the twelve virtues which seemed to him most worthy of attainment, keeping a daily record of successes and failures. The virtues were as follows, Here is an injunction as appliwhich enabled Franklin at the age of

each followed by some forceful cable to our times as it was to his. seventy to undertake his most arduphrase: Between temperance and intemperous tasks, his most splendid advenTemperance Silence ance lie all the heights and depths tures, those momentous journeys to

Order Resolution of our humanity. The mind of the Canada, France, and England, in

is murky behalf of the brave young Republic Frugality Industry man who lacks selfcontrol

Sincerity Justice and muddled, but like to the shining of America.

Moderation Cleanliness splendor of tempered steel is the Silence: "Speak not but what

Tranquility Chastity mind of the temperate man. may benefit others or yourself; avoid

In his younger days a vegetarian, trifling conversation."

Humility, the thirteenth virtue, Franklin all his life was a moderate This injunction was intended to was added later, and was not of his eater. When he went to England cure his own habits of "prattling,

the drinkingoriginal choosing. where heavy was punning, if the and joking"—but fashion, they him the dubbed follow Let us world would it, there would see how these Twelve

noting but "Water American,"the thirteenth, of Virtues war. his beValiant an end and many evils—even clear strength, his mind, is a Franklin yetHumility, behelped deeper to become physical meaning There

somewhat the man he wanted to be. and kindly nature, scoffing turned hind this word which Franklin

Temperance: "Eat not to dullto admiration and liking. doubtless sensed. Noise is a purely

ness."It was temperance in all things human is of product—quietness

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

God. We of these noisy, restless his motives for a while. He was

days stand sadly in need of the most fair in his treatment of the Insilences of God—the quiet hills, the dians who have suffered much instill and shadowed woods, the soft justice at the hands of many of their

singing seas. Here is healing for white brothers. At heart a man of

all our hurts. January 17, 1936, marks the 230th peace, he was reluctantly enlisted in

Order: "Let all your things have greatanniversaryAmerican of patriot,the birthBenjaminof the behalf of war; but his essay, written

their places; let each part of your Franklin. Read Miss Heath's story in letter form, on the futility, folly,

business have its time."of the "virtues"that "garnished his and cruelty of war is a masterpiece,

As Franklin tells us, "this virtue thoughts unceasingly."one of the best of his many fine writgave me the most trouble."John ings.

Adams, our second President, and Moderation: "Avoid extremes,

Franklin's fellow Commissioner to cleaner and more comfortable. It forbear resenting injuries so much as

France, complained bitterly of was Franklin's belief that as we you think they deserve."

Franklin's lack of order. However, benefit from the inventions of others, Here is wisdom worthy of Sololeft alone, his somewhat meddlewe should be willing to donate our mon, for there is nothing in this

some "helpers"recalled, Franklin own to the common good. world that hurts the human heart

accomplished more than seems huIndustry: "Lose no time; be aland works such havoc in the human

ways employed in something useful; mind as resentment. In earlier daysmanly possible—even if he did at

times have to hunt wildly for some cut off all unnecessary actions."he often forgot moderation, being

important document. This sounds somewhat painful, inclined to argue and contradict,

In this connection Franklin relates seeming to have in it all the markbut one happy day he came across the amusing legend of the "Speckled ings of a dry and dusty personality. some polite Socratic dialogues

Axe."A man brought his axe to a But Benjamin was anything but that "was charmed, dropt my abrupt

contradiction, positive argumenand livelier less or pedantic person givensmith to a high polish, be to—a

inon tation, and put the humble lived. line never of a long came He the smith with thewhich agreed

proviso that the owner turn the of Franklins, or free Englishmen, quirer and doubter."

wheel. After a while he grew tired who had mainly followed the blackThese diplomatic, mollifying tacr

and inquired how the polishing was smith's trade. It is probable that tics annoyed the blunt John Adams

progressing to which the smith rehis industry was inherited, likewise who said of him with a certain plied: "It is merely speckled"his capacity for silence and salient amount of irritation: "Although

whereupon the weary wheelturner comment, a blacksmith having little he has as determined a soul as any meekly remarked: "I think I prefer time for gossip and ample opporman, yet it is his constant policy

it speckled."So Benjamin contunity for constructive listening. never to say yes or no decidedly but

tented himself with something a little The versatility of Franklin has when he cannot avoid it."This

less than perfection in the virtue of something in it of magic and has conciliatory attitude was of inesOrder, whimsically remarking that: furnished material for endless voltimable value in Franklin's dealings

"A benevolent man should allow a umes. He was diplomat, statesman, with the French who regard courtesy

few faults in himself to keep his scientist, inventor, philosopher, and consideration as two of the friends in countenance."writer, cartoonist, first spelling regreatest virtues.

Resolution: "Resolve to perform former, first of his time and place to Cleanliness: "Tolerate no unwhat you ought; perform without introduce insurance and the fire cleanliness in body, clothes, or habifail what you resolve."brigade, and he helped to found tation."

Herein is the key to Franklin's America's first free library and first This was a startling injunction strength of character, for resolution free hospital. He completely reorwhen perfume was more popular

is the foundation of all the virtues. ganized the postal system, bringing than soap, and the complete bath

He followed to the end his own the various colonies closer together was prohibited by law as being too dictum and so became one of the and thus making them stronger great a shock to the nervous system.

most effective and efficient human when they went to war with EngFranklin was forever preaching the beings the world has ever seen. land. As a citizen he is still a shingood uses of fresh air although at

Frugality: "Make no expense ing example, taking an intense and that time people were afraid of the

but to do good to others; i. e waste active interest in all civic matters, outside atmosphere and regarded

nothing."even to the sweeping of city streets the night air as rank poison. John

Franklin followed this virtue so and their proper lighting. He seems Adams has left us a graphic account

thoroughly that he is called the to have overlooked nothing that was of his sufferings one chilly winter "Father of American Thrift."Alof interest to his fellowcitizens. night when he lay beside an open

though he lived simply and never Justice: "Wrong none by doing window, listening, much against his

regarded money as an end in itself, injuries, or omitting the benefits that will, to his tireless host as he dishis excellent work as a printer, and are your duty."coursed upon the benefits of fresh

other activities brought him a small Franklin to the best of his ability, air.

fortune. He was always ready to dealt justly with all men, both at Tranquility: "Be not disturbed

help a good cause or a needy friend, home and abroad. If England and at trifles or at accidents, common or

and when his government stood in the American Colonies had followed unavoidable."

dire need of funds Franklin handed his wise counsel of conciliation much Which put into everyday lanover his entire personal fortune. He bloodshed and untold misery would guage means "Don't worry."Franknever patented any of his inventions, have been avoided. Because he saw lin found the one and only cure for

not even the famous Franklin stove with unbiased mind the rights and this unhappy human habit-—an abidwhich made colonial homes so much wrongs on each side, both mistrusted {Concluded on page 28)

Front Pace News for America THE CATHOLIC

IV. No. 7 NOVEMBER. 1936 Price One Oct

Mormons Relieve policy imtended its canned present men, was by the Brothers Continuing Without mediatelyand ripe the women. when by inChurch the of keeping three security also plan "The undertook State Assistance

formed concerning the proghundred sixtythree work projects employCatholics in in ing over various 19,000 Lesson unemployed ProTeach Security ress the of Church forms Personalist of shop to work. were Over 1,000 Way in the nation's comment and gram given jobs great in private industry. Help Poor So

press concerning it, we reprint here Mormons are personalists! Morhas been the activity that there are only

rolls. relief left 10,000 the employables lead the have from taken on in mons full that appeared in an article * caring, in for ir needy. Saints Latterday the of Church "The

,-ch for NovemCatholic 'Ji* Catholicsr 'V C Worker The set has imitation of an example worthy by ber, 1936. This periodical, published their Catholic fellow countrymen. It has

in New York City is a member of set up... 'a system under which the

the Catholic Press Association, "In every stake unemployed men and curse of idleness would be done away with, which makes the story all the more womencanning,wererepairingset toshoeswork andsewing,clothing,farming,colpendence,the evils ofindustry,a dole thrift,abolished,and selfrespectand inderemarkable from the viewpoint of lecting furniture and gifts from Church once more established among our people.'

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latmembers and nonmembers. "It has accomplished this great task by

calling child upon every man, woman, and voluntary. "All money was work No terday Saints:

their communities to consider the welfare a in paid. each was woman man and To

"Mormons are personalists! Mormons work certificate was given. When a of others about them as their own, and to

have taken the lead from Catholics in caring worker needs anything he presents his cerbe willing to work for others not related for their needy. The Church of the Lattificate to the Bishop of his ward and he is by ties other than Christian fellowship. It

terday Saints has met the crisis in a manner given what he and his family need. has called upon every man, woman, and

which ought to shame our socalled Catholic "The certificates are not valuated in dolchild to be personally responsible for the charitable organizations. lars or cents. Their value depends upon amelioration of the present crisis.

"Of the 117 stakes, local administrative the size of the family. Single men doing "We repeat, all work 'was voluntary and

units, stretching from Alaska to Mexico, the same amount of work receive only what personal. No money was paid in wages.

one hundredtwelve are participating in the they require as bachelors. And it was accomplished without calling in

'Church Security Plan.'Eightyseven of "So far there have been no overhead exstate aid.

these 'stakes'have reported that they will penses incurred in administrating the pro- "We suggest that our Catholic laymen be able to care for every needy family in jects. This winter, however, a general cull a few pages from the record of the

their membership. manager and small clerical staff will be Church of Latterday Saints. It is a bitter

"The work was begun last April, and necessary to handle distribution. tea that we must swallow, and brewed by

now 400,000 items of canned foods, 82,308 "Naturally the basic project has been Mormon hands. It may be hard to take a

pounds of flour, 11,860 pounds of meat, farming. And land was donated, 2,296 lesson in Catholic Charity and sociology

27,195 articles of clothing are ready for acres of it, free of charge, for raising grain, from nonCatholics, but we trust that in the

Mormon needy. fodder, fruit, vegetables. This food, raised future we can afford to play 'hookey'.'"

The Twelve Valiant Virtues of Benjamin Franklin (Concluded from page 27) a humble and a contrite heart, and mighty strivings after perfection, a most earnest desire to do better. was no prig. He had always a clear

ing faith in the goodness and guidHumility: This 13th Virtue, as eye for his own weaknesses which

ance of God. This, in the last Franklin himself tells us, was not of kept him tolerant of the faults of

analysis, was the foundation of all his own choosing, but added at the others.

his achievements and the reason for suggestion of a kindly but critical There was a fourteenth Virtue, his calm and cheerful disposition Quaker friend. It gave him a deal usually neglected, which Franklin

under the most trying circumstances. of trouble and he confesses that he followed, but failed to list GratiRefusing to be blinded or distracted never achieved anything but a semtude. For all the good things that

by the dust of little things he kept blance of that particular virtue. He came to him, for his achievements,

a quiet heart and clear vision for consoled himself with the sage and great and small, he gave thanks to the larger things of life. characteristic reflection that had he God. His progress from printer's

Chastity: Franklin went out into been more successful he might even apprentice to worldfamed diplomat,

the world as a mere lad, got into have been proud of his humility. He writer, and scientist, he regarded as

bad company, and did things which concludes his comments on this sub- a gift from God whose guidance had he afterward bitterly repented. ject with the following happy, huled him along the years.

He never tried to gloss over or exmorous words: "Perhaps it would The grateful, prayerful heart is

cuse these "errata,"but prayed to not be altogether absurd if a man the happy heart, and it was this con-;

God for absolution and the strength were to thank God for his vanity, tinuing gratitude, this assurance o to do better. By his later life we among other comforts of life."the goodness of God which kept:

know that his prayers were anHis amusing remarks on the diffiBenjamin Franklin in peace and swered, for God is ever willing to cult virtues of order and humility quietness and brought him to a forgive those who come to Him with prove that Franklin, with all his serene old age.

By PAULA CLAIRE DIX ONE:

ONE LAME EXCUSE!

TThis year, when the "resolution lads"tell you sadly that they'd "love to quit smoking*'but "it just cant be done"please raise a skeptical eyebrow.

he was still smoking some three that direction, I may be pardoned if years later. Our son was a year old I was secretly skeptical. The fact

then, and we agreed that a smoking is, I frankly told myself that it was father was not the best kind of in- a mere gesture. But of course I did

fluence, so my husband decided to not say as much. Psychologists tell

quit cigarettes. us we must do all we can by word,

Tapering off, we thought, would action and faith to help a person be the best way. One was to be carry out his intention when trying

dropped each day. All went well to break a habit.

until the quota had dropped to about "Tapering off?"I asked politely.

ten. Then the fireworks commenced. "No,"he said firmly, "I've quit,

Always of a nervous temperament, I told you. I've smoked my last

he became more grouchy and irricigarette."

table as the days went by. Sonny And he had. Just that abruptly,

and I managed a good many walks he had quit smoking. For the first

at that time, taking care to leave few days I know he was pretty undaddy at home. By the time he comfortable. During the medicine

was down to three cigarettes a day cure days, we had noticed that all critical. the situation Grimly I antitobacco was medicines a taste had

on, telling myself <k3. hung soon it would of licorice, so himself he supplied

be over. But I didn't know cigarwith a pocketful of those little obettes. longs of soft licorice candy known

January is the open season on It seems the use of them creates a as "black jacks". Whenever habit

resolutions. Every one of you hunger in every way comparable told him it was time for a cigarette,

knows at least one young man to food hunger, and a man simply he chewed up a square of licorice.

(or perhaps young lady) who will cannot cut himself off from food Very quickly, about the length of eye his list pensively and sigh: "I'd when he is taking tiny bits of it, time it would take a fasting person

like to quit smoking, but I've been at while plenty is at hand. My husto lose his desire for food, my husit so long now, I'm afraid it's imband couldn't, at least. He broke at band noticed that his craving for

possible."And you, having heard the three-a-day period. Before long cigarettes was going. Within a

much of the tenacity of the habit, he was back where he started. No, week or ten days he could spend

may regretfully agree and thus intapering off was not the way. an hour with a smoking individual

nocently aid and abet the youngster Then we tried a widelyadver- and experience not the slightest disin bolstering up his defenses of this tised medicine guaranteed to break comfort. At the end of a month we

destructive vice. "Ah, to be sure, the habit. It didn't. So the subject were quite sure the habit was

smoking is a habit that imbeds itself was dropped. We decided that a broken. And now, at the end of

into the nerves, ruins the will power, smoker who had smoked twelve more than six years, the momentous is next to impossible to quit, and the years and more, since his early adotime "when daddy quit smoking"only thing the reformer can do is lescence, was chained to the habit is an almost forgotten event.

bend his efforts toward preventing with links that could not be broken. We reached these conclusions

others from acquiring the habit!"about the subject: That "tapering

That is what the smoker would like '"Three years later my husband was off"is too hard a strain on the will you to think, because it gives his appointed to a responsible posipower; it is far easier to break off

indulgence an air of martyrdom, tion. We were overjoyed, but the abruptly and finally. That a fair

but it happens not to be true. Smokelation was somewhat dimmed by amount of good, oldfashioned will

ing is really quite easily stopped, in the discovery that his employer was power is necessary. That the licordefense of which statement I offer not only a nonsmoker, but violently ice candy was a decided help. That

the personal experience of my husopposed to smoking in any form. the age of the habit, fifteen years in

band. What difference this would make to this case, does not matter at all.

Of course I knew before we were my husband's happiness in his work That it is a far, far easier habit to married that he smoked, but brides we could not guess. Then one night break, once the addict has made up

are prone to undue optimism in this he came home with an announcehis mind to it, than any smoker will matter of reforming the groom. The ment to make. admit.

fact was that in spite of numerous "I've quit smoking,"he said. My husband lost nothing in quithints, followed by outright requests, In view of his previous efforts in (Concluded on page 42)

The MOVIES ARE REWRITING HISTORY By ROBERT M. HYATT

a nachronisms are the nightmares of Hollywood. Read how producers ARE STRIVING TO AVOID THEM.

those engines looked like. The

novelist can say that the king ate his evening repast in company with his knights. But what did they eat?

How did they eat it? He can put

in some interesting detail about which he is certain and leave out a whale of a lot that motion picture producers deem important.

'T'he ancient historian, in writing his meager parchment records, dealt a body blow to the modernist's demands for minute detail and accuracy. He listed only the surface

things, leaving out the rest. Holly-

—andwood researchsuccessfully—toexperts aresupplystrivingthe

missing links in his earlier contemporaries'work. One thing sure, the

student of the future will have little has been left to Hollywood anything won't go. Historical, picdifficulty in trying to picture the peoIt rather to her moviemakers'retures are becoming more and more ple and things we know today!

the public example, produc- a specific is growing As The a popular. uncover search experts—to slapstick, the deals old with and is tion Crusades"tired of the "The facts of strangesurprising number

about ancient history, facts we never demanding pictures accurate as to third of the great migrations of guessed, or perhaps never bothered facts, correct in every detail, ararmed men from Northern Europe about, while we gleaned our smattistically and colorfully done. in their romantic efforts to wrest

tering of early lands and peoples. Hence, Hollywood is becoming a Jerusalem from the Moslem infidels.

vast laboratory of research that The picture is thus placed in the

Hollywood's film producing compromises to be the greatest in the twelfth century after Christ, and panies, especially those major comworld. Films have become a deals with the "holy war"between

panies turning out historical picmighty, educational factor, for only the Crusaders under Richard the tures, have an excellent reason for through them may one learn at first LionHearted, and the Saracen Sulintodelving things of the tan, Saladin. the long ago in quest hand—visually—of quantities.of unknown past in animated reproduction. first thing done before deThe

How would a Knight Templar eat The historical pageants of De tails were thought of, was to engage soup, from a bowl or out of his Mille, done in the characteristically an expert, Harold Lamb, writer of course, of that he correct but painstakingly the repopular lavish manner, more and of harness kindatehelmet—provided,soup? What of plays strained about the Middle George history books Old World

did the chargers wear that dragged Arliss have brought up puzzlers that Ages.

the storming towers up to the city sometimes defied the research facilBut that was only a start. Many,

walls during the Third Crusade? ities of the studio. many other things requiring accurate

What did a fruit stand look like in Hollywood experts are making a details there were. Every bit of

the days of the second Nero? major contribution to history. The data available anywhere in the

Museums contain few drawings, oldschool historian, or even the world on the twelfth century crufewer tapestries, and in most cases writer of historical romances, can sades were assembled, a whole very meager descriptions of many be sketchy when he is ignorant. For library of books from which drawof the things considered important example, the historian can say that ings of dress, table wear, and photoby such idealistic picture makers as the king stormed the castle with graphs of early objects wherever

Cecil B. De Mille. Therefore all mighty engines of war—and let it available in museums or private colthis research is serious business; just go at that. He hasn't told us what lections.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

Many costly "sets"were built in This discovery proved a boon to spite some romantic attempts at reorder to "shoot"the scenes in "The actors for, under the old setup, some vival; yet, so rich is Hollywood in

Crusades."The biggest "prop"of them had been weighted down color material that a man was found

was a siege tower, an engine of war with an extra hundred pounds of here who had spent years at falfive stories high that could be moved equipment. conry, knew its lore, and had some

about so, once up against the walls After his chain mail shirts and trained birds which would rise from of a besieged city, troops could pour hip hose, covering him from toe to the wrist of the master, tower high up its stairs and out the top onto the chin, an airy sort of oldfashioned into the sky, and fetch back a tremwalls of the town. The tower conunion suit, the crusading knight put bling dove. This man was Orin

structed in Hollywood proved fifty on his surcoat. This had colored Cannon and he had twenty trained

feet high and weighed thirtyfive flannel panels to hang down the birds ready for use in the picture.

tons, boasting a drawbridge that back and bore the family crest. To Much research revealed the fact

could be lowered from the top, this were added wide sword belts that the common soldiers toted few workable and correct in all details. and scabbards, while over the head cooking utensils around. There was

There were no museum pieces to went a chain mesh covering that fell a good reason: their potlike helmets

copy here so correct details were below the shoulders. made fine stew kettles and the grease

obtained from ancient books on milleft in them was good for the hair!

itary art and from tapestries and TThe detail of military accoutreWine-skins anciently used inpaintings showing sieges. ments proved a gigantic task, stead of jugs or casks were found in

Pictures were made of all armour but that of other things was, perone part of Mexico where they are proper to the period, for there were haps, even harder. Unfortunately still made of pig hide in accordance

changing styles in armour as well for the second historian, down the with the oldtime method, as in our modern military uniforms. ages there had been much emphasis What did the knights and soldiers

The London Museum and the on the art of war and little on the do to amuse themselves? Cards

Metropolitan Museum of Art in art of everyday living. The twelfth hadn't come into use yet. The game

New York City contributed many century was an age not without a was chess, played with huge chessspecimens. But the real job was to certain elegance but with a good men one could "crown"an opponget the detail of the whole Crudeal of dirt behind the ears. ent with!

saders'clothing, down to his skin; Forks had not been invented, and How was the hair cut? This was

to learn what he ate, how he lighted roasts were carried on spits. The learned after much inquiry. The

the fire; what his weapons were like, ladies and gentlemen sitting around actors who did the parts of monks

how he held them and fought with King Richard clawed or gnawed off got the worst of it for their tonsure their mouthfuls, or took a stab at called for a shaved ( on the lot donethem. In short—everything!

the meat with their own personal with machine clippers) round spot /"Ireat CARE was taken to get the daggers. But they had their ways on the top of the head leaving a

proper style of the actual period of "putting on dog,"as witness this fringe about the sides.

being depicted, and here there was specification for one scene: Truly, Hollywood is writing the

immediate trouble for it was the era "Items: Gigantic center fireplace, omissions into our ancient history!

of transition between chain armour supported by huge Nubian lions in and sheet armour. Modern arstone. Threeton dresser loaded

mourers usually make sheet armour with silver dishes in the form of for museums and reconstructed turtles, elephant, and peacocks. Rug

baronial halls in homes. The chain of five white bearskins. Forest of

armour had to be made in Hollywrought-iron candelabra. Twentywood, and no end of other details pound illuminated books bound in

attended to, by hand artisans. vellum. Lutes and horns, some to

Other experts had to be imported. blow on and some to drink from.

From Spain came Juliano Archea, Damsels in pointed hoods. Falcons

famous armourer who for a lifetime on the gauntlets of the hawkers.

has been turning out copies for muBearhounds dozing at the hearth."

seums and private collections. He Research turned up an amazing

worked his charcoal fires there at the collection of curious facts. Cooks

Hollywood studios; forges roared of the period wore the high, puffed

and anvils clanged just as they did out white cloth cap of exactly the in the ages called "Dark."And same kind worn by modern cooks

from their red, burning maws came today, making cooks, perhaps, the heavy twohanded swords; the most traditional people in their dress

graceful scimitars of the Moslems. of any in the world. In the picture

Helmets of thirty different varieties the cooks roasted an entire ox on a were formed in another shop. Yet huge spit in "Richard's camp at

there was a stickler even here: mail Marseille."

made from chain was difficult and The sport of hawking, one of the slow to make, was costly, and heavy most glamorous of the ancient for the actor. sports, has definitely gone out, deIt was found then that the mail

shirt and hip hose could be made of PICTURES WERE MADE OF ALL knitted string treated with metal ARMOURPERIOD, FORPROPERTHERETO WERETHE

STYLES IN ARMOURlacquer. Before the camera it CHANGING

IN OUR AS WELL ASshowed up realistically as "steel."MILITARY UNIFORMS. MODERN

ibdttonal advancing knowledge. Many might find satis- Q/ruth—ibver vl/ehcome

factory life careers in the world's army of investiever has there been an age like ours! Disgators and research workers. Others could devote N covery crowds upon discovery; invention upon themselves with equal profit to teaching young and

invention. The perplexing, terrifying natural old the increasing knowledge gains of humankind.

forces of old now stand tamed, humbly waiting Those with a commercial bent of mind could with to obey man's command. With new instruments, the assurance of rich returns use modern findings

aids to the senses, infinite space and the invisible in material developments, whether economic or atom are being explored. Life is securing a new social. All Latterday Saints could and should in

lease upon health and extension. Social living is this day of wide and popular publicity, keep inshown to be based upon orderly laws. Man's formed of the major truth advances of the day.

mastery over universal conditions is being estabThe open mind gives zest to life, and every new lished. fact will but support the claims of the Church.

The year 1 936 was second to none in its achieveIndeed, the Church welcomes the use of the scienments. Its record is indeed marvelous. The tific method, which is merely sincere and clear

coming year, 1937, promises to be as fruitful. It observation and thinking, in the study of the divine

was an idle thought of a generation ago that man plan for man's salvation.

was near the limits of knowledge. Man may forHowever, knowledge of itself is lifeless. Only

ever draw new facts from the bottomless well of when applied to human needs does it really spring truth. Fearlessly therefore men now seek to peneinto life. The application is as important as the

trate the unknown, invisible world. They know discovery of truth. The present aim of science, to

that their labors will not be in vain. Modern man discover truth, must be enlarged to include the use

has won the courage of the conqueror. We may of truth for man's welfare. The accumulated

securely look into a future enriched with knowlknowledge of earth must be so used by man as to edge and power beyond man's wildest dreams. help him in his eternal upward journey. There is

The restored Church of Christ throbs in harmony an abundance of knowledge on earth, yet the nawith our progressing world. It is a supporter of tions are at one another's throats. They have not

scientific endeavor in all its proper phases. In this learned that proper conduct, so far ignored by

it but conforms to its own fundamental doctrines science, determines man's destiny.

that knowledge is limitless, that man's endless It is not enough to live in a scientific age, an age journey is a continuous advancing entrance into of knowledge alone. Human happiness comes only

new fields of wisdom; and that all knowledge finds when all knowledge is used according to the divine

its place in the Gospel structure. There would have plan of salvation. That is wisdom-—the end of

been no restoration of the Gospel if Joseph Smith man's search; and wisdom consists of knowledge

had feared new truth. In the words of Brigham and its proper use. We look hopefully into the

Young, "Our religion is simply the truth—it emfuture towards the time when our vast possessions

braces all truth wherever found in all the works of of knowledge will be built into an age of righteousGod and man—that are visible or invisible to the ness. John A. Widtsoe.

mortal eye."Therefore, the Church welcomes all

every added every knowledge, new discovery, inqJnoughts on a [Passing It in high regard vention. and holds commends

those, within or without the Church, who seek to LJear advance man's boundaries of knowledge. Every

fact of observation becomes a structural part of \\7e men of earth who grow old together as the the palace of truth. Nor does the Church decry hours and the days pass us by, find ourselves

theories set up as temporary explanations of disagain at that season which marks the year's ending covered facts. It only asks, in the interests of and the year's beginning. With mingled feelings

clear thinking and of truth, that an unmistakable we watch the deeds and thoughts of another cycle of days become part of the record of the past, never differentiation be made, in belief and teaching, beto be recalled except in memory, but never to be tween established facts and partly supported inforgotten because the record of eternal man is inferences. delible. As the year closes, there is a high spirit

Members of the Church, especially the youth, mingled with deep thought and shortsighted hilarshould maintain an eager interest in the world's ity keeping company with solemn retrospection.

the changing times and seasons there are in the heavens those things which change not and are

While we sometimes look yearningly upon the eternal. These are the things that cause the world

reality inpast, few would men there are who to keep its balance cause to return to and men greaterbring our yesterdays. back There is no false doctrines, despite moderation, the strange

finality in the world than the record of our yesterteachings, and fantastic schemes that trouble this days. But even so, the cause for remorse has been age and generation.

lessened by the fact that an allwise Creator hasruled that as surely as our yesterdays have ever—Richard L. Evans.

been, so surely shall our tomorrows be never ending.

mcitterns Men fear the passing of time only when it has f ives are like quilts. Days are our pieces; hours

been misspent. They who have used well their and minutes form the threads with which we

allotment of hours and days and years, glory in stitch the days into a pattern. If we are wise, we

each moment's achievement and welcome the comshall choose the design carefully, selecting our ing of each year's beginning. And to thoughtful pattern according to our Eternal Father's plan,

men it becomes apparent that things as fine as truth and working constantly all the days of our lives and courage, loyalty and friendship, and intelliat completing it. From seemingly insignificant

gence were not created nor achieved to be done pieces women can fashion with skilled fingers, away with at the end of any year or age. Life alert minds, and vivid imaginations, a quilt of

and its endless realities go on despite the changing loveliness, attractive to the eye, warm to the body, of the date we post upon our calendars, and men satisfying to the inner soul. Yet with all their

continue with their searchings and their findings ability, women cannot make quilts that defy time.

ceaselessly down through the ages. In designing our lives, we can readily fashion them

to a loveliness which will last for eternity.

Frequently in choosing our patterns for living we do not select carefully enough, if indeed, we

It is wisdom on the part of the Creator that the consciously choose at all. Our days and months

that its ending shouldyear have and its beginning, scraps the into heedlessly which become throw we divided into seasons it should be and and days discard, part fabric of wasting a priceless which hours, and that the days should be divided into has been given us to endure to the end of our days lightness and darkness, that sleep may restore the on earth and to carry with us into the eternity to weary, that rest may soothe the sorrowing, that daycome. In choosing our patterns we should select

break may give hope to the unhopeful. The year those which will appeal to and suit us as indihas been made to close that men may, in a measure, viduals, just as the quilt blocks and the finished

bury and leave with the past the error of their lives quilt will differ according to the tastes of people.

and begin anew to build for time and the eternities Yet different as each of us is, individual as our patto come. At least, we may close the books of time terns must be, the same procedure will follow in the

—butand thingseternaltemporalman continueswith thetoclosingbe whatof pasteachyearsyear planningInstructor;ofHeourhaslives.pointedThethe Fatherway forofus allto followis the

to as continues onlyhave him become and made in the of designs; out is eagerly our working Hegreat the as of all wise he and good and has sum to that directions; right follow watching see the we

all resolutions done, despite goodbeen and and to help us is ready if only go to He we Him in forintentions to times yet come. help. prayer ask His and

From the days, handed to us one by one from a wise Creator, we can fashion something which

To belong wholly to the past is a sorry thing. will be a comfort to ourselves and a blessing to

The past can never live again except in memory. those around us. Even though some of our days

Its shadow is with us yet, but its reality belongs to are drab and commonplace, they will make a good the ages that never return. Man goes forward, contrast to the gayer ones and will all—if touched

eternally forward, but never back. That is why by the hand of faith—make a design of which we

the past is at once so remorseful and remorseless. can be proud. Life, too, like quilting, is a continuAnd that is why the present is so allimportant ous process, and we pick up today where we left

because the present is continually becoming part of off yesterday. So that the drab and gay colors can

the changeless past. be blended into a significant whole.

May the pattern of our lives be of such a nature that when we finish our task, those who are left will see the beauty of its design, the completeness We make much of seasons and of holidays and its pattern, and the care of its execution. Thenof fleeting occasions. We make much of the year's of

ending and the year's beginning, as though the they will receive the impulse to make their lives stroke of midnight, by some strange alchemy, complete and attractive and in this way perfection transformed the world and all our lives and may be slowly but surely realized.changed the picture of the universe. But with all—Marba C, Josephson.

IcnmOn

Japanese Mission Reopened M. I. A. in the Eighteenth Ward and ney has filled a mission to Samoa, been

A fter having been closed for twelve Ensign Stake, Salt Lake City. Mrs. prominent in the Priesthood activities,

* years, the Japanese Mission will be Woodbury has been active in the stake served as superintendent of Religion reopened by the First Presidency under Class, Sunday School, and the Mutual

Hilton A. Robertson as president. Improvement Association. He has also

Headquarters of the mission will be in acted as a member of the Board of

Honolulu, from which base of operaTrustees of the USAC and for sevtions the president and missionaries will eral years directed the Sunday School work among the Japanese people of of the L. D. S. Institute in Logan. He

Hawaii and also the established was awarded the Silver Beaver by the branches of Japanese members in Boy Scout council as a result of his

Japan. (See November Era for early service in that organization, of which

activity in the Japanese Mission.) he was president twice.

President Harold B. Lee Appointed

Managing Director, Church Security Program TLJarold B. Lee, president of Pioneer

* r> Stake, resigned his position as commissioner of Salt Lake City, to accept the position as managing di-

T. L. WOODBURY rector of the Church Security Program.

work of the Religion Class in Pioneer

Stake and as Relief Society president A S this issue of "The Improvement of the Eighteenth Ward for ten years. ** Era"goes to press we are advised of

New Logan Temple Head Appointed theAlonzopassingA. Hinckleyof our belovedof the Councilbrother, ofElderthe

Salt in occurred Lake the Twelve. Death of Jr., president Quinney, Joseph

the of 1936, at 22, City, December home since Mission States Northwestern

Hinckley's daughter, Mrs. Brother Frank former recent call, his until 1934, HILTON A. ROBERTSON July, illness. following Craven, a protracted Mission the Canadian of president April was 23, Hinckley born Elder 1870,

President Robertson served prefrom 192327, was appointed Novemat Cove Fort, Utah, and was ordained an viously in the Japanese mission from ber 13, 1936, by the First Presidency Apostle October 11, 1934, at the age of

May, 1921, until August, 1924. as the new president of the Logan 64, by President Heber J. Grant. The

Temple to succeed the late William A. love and sympathy of the entire Church

Tahitian Mission Noble. go out to his large and devoted family in

T eRoy Mallory, president of the In addition to the services rendered their bereavement.

** Tahitian Mission since July, 1933, as mission president, President Quinand his wife, have been honorably released and Thomas L. Woodbury and

his wife have been appointed their successors.

The new mission president has long been active in Church affairs. He filled

a mission to the same region from September, 1893, until September, 1896.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED NOVEMBER 16—DEPARTED DECEMBER 3, 1936

First row, left to right: Esther M. Eldridge, Elizabeth Atkin, Verona Williams, Afton Hamilton, Erva EL

Wright, Delores Trujillo, Edith Brooksby, Lavina Moses, Marie Waldram.

Second row, left to right: Paul Wilson, Kenneth Simmons, Mrs. Gordon Bmpey, Gladys Dowdle, Mrs. H. M.

Bills, Harriet Chamberlain, Opal Cheney, Henry Skidmore, Delmont Newman, Darrell K. Riddle.

Third row, left to right: Fen K. Rothe, Vernon Smith, Allen K. Webb, Harold Fredrickson, Bom M.

Freeman, June Hickman, Reese B. Gibb, James T. Singley, Keith M. Stock.

Fourth row, left to right: Donworth Gubler, Ivan L. Ashment, Lawrence Greene, Newell Smith, Alfred

Trauffer, Wilder R. Harding, Hooper Mortenson, Doyle Fitzgerald, Alma P. Burton, De Verne Rasmussen.

Fifth row, left to right: Orrie Van Essen, Donald H. Bradford, Ivan H. Woodward, Clarence Wendell,.

LEROY MALLORY JosephSixthLarson,row, Reedleft toC. right:Johnson,JosephClarenceBarker,Silver,OrrieWarrenE. Behrman,C. Call,AlmaMax H.Duffin.Engberson, Stuart Quist, LeRoy Waite,

Arthur 0. Chapman, Loile J. Bailey, Milan T. Oldroyd, Keith A. Nielson, Arvil F. Forsgren.

Since that time he has labored as a Seventh row, left to right: Charles A. Harper, Elmer Van Boerum, Horace G. Moser, Karl DeHaan, Edes.

member of the High Council and Stake D. Hill,EighthFranklinrow, East,left toHyrumright:Plewe,OscarAllenAnderson,R. Bateman,GeorgeSterlingTompson,Ryser.Lester C. Skeem, Edwin P. Hansen, Curtis

Sunday School Superintendent in Pio- R. Hawkins, Mark Anderson, Merlin Home, Ferry J. Watts, Clyn Young, Lee Grande Ercanbrack.

neer Stake, Salt Lake City, as leader in Empey,NinthElmorow,D. leftBuchanan,to right:DeanThomasI. Nuttall,Taylor, VernonLawrenceArmstrong.Gillett, Dick Parker, Boyd Jensen, Alvero Johnson, G ordor

the Sunday School and Priesthood and Tenth row, left to right: Thomas McKay, Howard W. Draper, J. Wyley Sessions.

NTERNATIONAL COUNCIL the three hundred OF WOMENWhendelegates to the InternaMEET IN tional Convention of

Women gathered in Jugoslavia, from September 28 to October 9, 1 936, the ideals which prompted this JUGOSLAVIAorganization stimulated the imagination of the thirtysix affiliated counBy AMY BROWN LYMAN cils representing forty million womFirst Counselor in the General Presidency of the en. These delegates were a group National Woman's Relief Society and President

of exceptionally fine women, many of the Relief Society in Europe of them outstanding and brilliant.

Among them were doctors, lawyers, "Dy appointment of the National Woman's Relief Society business women, teachers, artists, and the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associasocial workers, and members of tion, Mrs. Lyman was commissioned to attend the sessions

legislative bodies. The American and report the proceedings to the organizations.

delegation consisted of only four:

Dr. Louise C. Ball of New York;

Mrs. Charles H. White, living temat the first International Council

porarily in Athens, Greece, but meeting at Chicago, Lady Aberdeen, originally from Boston; Mrs. M. R. then living in Canada as the wife of

Jennings of Santa Barbara, Calithe governorgeneral, was made fornia; and myself. president, a position which she has

When it was decided to meet in held for thirtysix years.

Jugoslavia, the National Council of A new president, Baroness Pol that country chose Dubrovnik as the Boel of Brussels, Belgium, was most interesting city in which to elected to succeed Lady Aberdeen.

hold the sessions because it is a The new president is a large, powertypical medieval town, the old part ful woman. Brilliant and welledu-

being preserved exactly as it was cated, she speaks French, German, centuries ago. Dubrovnik, anciently English, and made a brief acceptknown as Ragusa, was founded in ance speech, first in French, then in

the seventh century, as one of the German, then in English, expressing smallest republics that ever existed. her appreciation of the high honor.

It is situated on the beautiful At the convention one new Coun

Adriatic Sea backed by huge mouncil, the National Council of Japan, tains. A tall tower in the center of was reported. The Philippine women

the city was used anciently as a MRS. AMY BROWN LYMAN have written regarding joining and lookout. On one of the sidewalls is hope to be able to do so soon.

a huge arsenal. King Peter Street, In spite of the fact that one of

the main one, is rather narrow and gave a lovely tea and reception for the big aims of this Council is to about one mile long. The other the delegates. create a feeling of internationalism,

streets, all paved with stone, are I was assigned to the special comseveral incidents showed tenseness, even narrower—not more than mittee on constitution and bylaws, suspicion, and lack of confidence beeleven feet wide. The rest of the also to the committees on Peace, tween nations. We could feel all the

city is made up of tall buildings Suffrage, Trades and Professions, way through the convention that unwhich look like great tenements all Public Health and Education. The derneath the surface, there is in Eujoined together. Each family owns two sessions I attended lasted from rope today, grave international anxits own suite of rooms. Wagons 3:30 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. One thing iety and dread of impending conflict.

and automobiles are not allowed in that lengthened the meetings is the The great hope that lies in this orthe old city. The streets are too narfact that everything has to be done ganization is that it will help cement

row and the people too numerous. in the three official languages: women's activities toward such

The meetings covered eleven days English, German, and French world affairs, as: the eradication of

and consisted of five public general every report, every motion, every slavery; the accomplishment of sex

sessions, held in the evenings; comsecond, and every comment. equality; the abolition of child labor;

mittee meetings; and executive The idea of the Council was conthe continuance of parttime educameetings for officers only. No meetceived in the minds of American tion and training for all young

ings were held on the one Sunday women when they called a great inpeople; the better education for

intervening which was spent on a ternational meeting in Washington, world citizenship; the urging of

trip to the chateau of Queen Marie, D. C, in 1888. Especially active women to vote; the protesting of

who is still in mourning for her in fostering its movement were discrimination against women's husband, Alexander I, who was Susan B. Anthony, May Wright gainful employment; prison reform;

killed in France two years ago. She Sewell, and Anna Shaw. In 1893 peace.

The story of our By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School Union and First

Assistant Chairman of the Church Music Committee Hymns

XIV. [i/e ofhank ofkee, t/ yod, for

WILLIAM FOWLER a [Prophet We Thank Thee, O God, WORDS BY for a Prophet WILLIAM FOWLER faith of the Saints in the power of

God to deliver them from "the trouble"of these whenever thank Thee, O God, for a MUSIC BY clouds WEProphet, to threaten destroy their peace and latter days; us in these To reliance Caroline Elizabeth Sarah Norton happiness; a fearless upon for sending the Gosthank Thee We guide

their already been Him who had pel rays; lighten our with its in minds protector past. days To and "The Spirit of God Like a Fire is friend blessing for every thank Thee We

first last Burning."of all stanza is a The hand; bounteous Bestowed by Thy

We feel it a pleasure to serve Thee, What is the secret of the popupaean of praise for the goodness

And love to obey Thy command. larity of this song? i and mercy of God and the lifegiv-

When dark clouds of trouble hang It cannot be called the greatest ing light of His glorious gospel. The

o'er us hymn ever written by any of our. last half shows that the author,

And threaten our peace to destroy, authors. In fact, it does not comthough far from the fountainhead

is There hope smiling brightly bepare in literary merit or poetic of the Church, fully understood one us, fore And we know that deliv ranee is beauty with many of the other gems of the greatest principles of the renigh; contained in our hymn books; but it stored Gospel—the doctrine of eterWe doubt not the Lord, nor His has something different from our nal progression; that "when we

goodness, We've proved Him in days that are otherexpresseshymns.deep Ingratitudesimple languageto our Fait uehaveof thelivedlifeaccordingwe possess,to thewe fullare preval- past;

The wicked who fight against Zion ther in heaven for revealing anew pared for eternal advancement in

Will surely be smitten at last. the everlasting Gospel in our day the scale of eternal progression...;

We'll sing of His goodness and and setting up prophets to guide us That there is no period, in all the mercy, in these latter days. eternities, wherein organized existWe'll praise Him by day and by The first stanza, especially, is full ence will become stationary, when

night, of praise; a songprayer of much it cannot advance in knowledge,

Gospel, in glorious Rejoice His light; emotional value, expressing the joy wisdom, power and glory...."its lifegiving in And bask

Then on to eternal perfection of service and the satisfactions of The hymn closes with a warning

The honest and faithful will go, obedience. that while the honest and faithful

While they who reject this glad mesThe second stanza sings of the sage

Shall never such happiness know. smiling star of hope and the absolute THE LATTERDAY PROPHETS.

The Hymn

"We thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet

To guide us in these latter days"—

So sessionsang ofthea seriespeopleof atmeetingsevery recently held in honor of and attended by President Heber J.

Grant; so have sung the Saints at

every General Conference of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints since the song, penned by

William Fowler, was published in 1863. In every stake, in every ward,

it is rendered by the congregations next if not equal in frequency to JOSEPH SMITH BRIGHAM YOUNG JOHN TAYLOR

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

shall reach the promised goal, they Latterday Saints. This friend took the founder, Sir Isaac Pitman, himwho reject the message will fall short William to hear the "Mormons"at self.

of such happiness. the Hall of Science, Rockingham There is no evidence to show the

"We thank Thee, O God, for a Street, in the winter of 1848. His exact date on which "We Thank

Prophet"is exclusively a Latterday search for the truth was ended and Thee, O God, for a Prophet,"was

Saint hymn; a Mormon heartthrob; on July 29, 1849, he was baptized written. President Joseph F. Smith

a song of the Restoration. by Elder J. V. Long. He was orin his lifetime related that when he

dained a Priest, March 3, 1851, and was in England Brother Fowler

The Author labored in the Deepcar branch unbrought his new song to meeting der Elder William Memmott. He where it was sung for the first time.

riLLiAM Fowler, who wrote the worked as a cutler in a factory at As President Smith's mission wasW words of "We Thank Thee, O Sheffield, but was discharged on from 1860 to 1863, it was probably

God, for a Prophet,"was born May account of his joining the Latterwritten somewhere between those 9, 1830, thirtythree days after the day Saints. Here he married Ellen dates.

of Christ LatterChurch of Jesus Bradshaw, by whom he had three published ediin the 12th It was Saints organized.day was His children. tion of the Latterday Saint ( 1863) father, Fowler, of native a John

Sheffield, Yorkshire, England, at the The daily diary of William FowHymn Book.

age of 21 enlisted in the British ler containing the record of four Brother Fowler wrote other songs

Army and went to Ireland, where years of missionary service up to and hymns which were printed in he married Bridget Niel. From Ire- 1 854, has been perused by the writer the Millennial Star. He sailed for

land he was sent with his regiment and is of intense interest. It shows America June 3, 1863, on the ship

arriving "Amazon,"York in New faith the deep abidingto Australia, and of the country, in which Wilfinally settling his 25, 1 863, with restored in theliam, Gospel; the subject of this he July sketch, how was man

family in Manti, taught where he traveled onborn. foot and endured revilabout William was When school. 27, died August 1865, He all sorts ings for a half of persecutions and the family years oldthree and

made another move to the East Inthe Gospel's sake. It is full of such and the Church erected a monument

dies where after five years of service entries as "walked 21 miles, rode 7 in the Manti Cemetery in his honor.

the father was honorably distoday."One of March 27, 1853, Brother Fowler's three children

charged and returned with his famreads: "Mob assembled and broke survive, Harriet Fowler Allen of

ily to Sheffield, England. William up the afternoon meeting. In the Rexburg, Idaho; Henry A. Fowler,

was then nine years old. Two years evening we met at Brother Craig's Second Ward, Salt Lake City; Florlater his father died and in three and house and had a good meeting. The ence Fowler Adair, Southgate

a half more the mother followed, mob assembled outside expecting to Ward, Salt Lake City.

leaving him an orphan before he was pelt us with goose eggs, but as we fifteen years of age. Originally his did not open the door they did not The Tune

mother was a Roman Catholic, his know where to look for us, so they HpHE story of the origin of the tune father a Protestant, but previous to pelted other."each X to Thee, "We Thank O God,their joined the demise both had Fowler William a Prophet"was not an edufor interesting is most

Wesley Methodists. cated man, but he understood the and not generally known. The comAt eighteen William began to Gospel and believed implicitly in the position is credited in our song books

think seriously of religion and atdoctrine of "eternal progression,"as to "Mrs. Norton;"and questions

tended Methodist services, but was the last stanza of his hymn will are often asked as to who she was, not satisfied. It seemed to him show, and trained himself accordwhen and where she lived and

Methodism was all hope and trust ingly. He studied and gave instrucwhether or not she was a Latterday

no reality. It was then that he first tion in music, and learned the PitSaint.

heard the sound of the Gospel man system of shorthand. His diary, Mrs. Norton's full maiden namethrough a young friend whose under date of September 9, 1853, was Caroline Elizabeth Sarah Sherfather, Peter Poulucci, was a Priest records in shorthand that he reidan. She was an English author

in the Church of Jesus Christ of ceived the book of instruction from born in 1808, the granddaughter of;

WILFORD WOODRUFF LORENZO SNOW JOSEPH F. SMITH HEBER J. GRANT

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

the amazingly brilliant Richard

Brinsley Sheridan, actor, playwright, PIONEER APPEAL FURNITURE FOR AN of Parliament, and ownerMember those pictured, have visited the Lion House Tf you and thereby aid us of the historic manager Druryand

Lane Theatre, London. He was in Salt Lake City within the last in our effort to give genuine pioneer

the author of "The Rivals,""School four years you are probably aware atmosphere to your social center's for Scandal,"and other wellknown of the fact that the Presidency of the newest dining room.

the given Church have M. Y. W.plays.

r hisbeautiful, this use of I. A. the Mrs. Norton gained for herself a

prominent place among the women toric building for a social center.

best to restorewriters of England. A greater part We have done our

of her career, however, was shadand furnish it for your benefit. Two

owed by an unfortunate marriage thousand persons registered last with George Chappel Norton, a year for classes in religion, art, literjealous, intemperate, brutal man, ature, and handcrafts. It is the

who brought suit against Lord Melplace where the missionaries have bourne for alleged misconduct with their meals while residing at the his wife. That this was unjustified Missionary Home. It is the gatheris shown by the fact that the jury ing place for M. I. A. at June and

trying the case decided against other conferences.

Norton without even leaving their We have come to a place where seats. But due to the fact that Mrs. we need your help. When three

Norton had left him for a while he layers of wornout flooring were had the custody of their children removed from the cafeteria we were and used her earnings. On Norsurprised and delighted to find that

ton's death she married Sir William in two large rooms the original red

SterlingMaxwell, but her happiness sandstone flagging remained. These

was shortlived, as she died the folrooms had previously been used for lowing year. Through her own sufstoring vegetables and fruits. The

fering she became a forerunner of walls of these rooms show the large the movement which by gradual sandstone blocks of the foundation steps has finally resulted in the full and the old handmade adobes used enfranchisement of women. for walls and partitions.

But what has this to do with the We desire to furnish these rooms tune of the great and popular Morwith tables and chairs of the pioneer mon hymn under consideration? We period.

shall see. Much of the furniture of that day We are not asking for cherished

During the Crimean War ( 1 854was made in the public workshops heirlooms, but for some neglected 56 ) between the English and French on Temple Square where the furniture of a past time that it may on one side and the Russians on the Church gave work to men in need begin a new day of usefulness.

other, battle the of Balaklava was or write 7878 Phone Wasatch in that In 1854.fought. This was start to three tables our have of Weemployment. the Social Lion Center, House 63 officerhistoric English struggle an at purchased second a project—one Street, East Salt South Temple Lake wifeof rank, no high whose was dollars, for store three one hand City, us. can help if you friend Norton, a Mrs. ofdoubt was loft in the storage of brought from

killed. Mrs. Norton wrote the an old barn, and one given us by ( Signed ) Lion House Committee.

music of a song andwords Gates,"a Susa called "Aunt Young Note: for usable purthe above To be Officer's Funeral March.""The daughter of Brigham Young. furniture pose exactly need as in not be

This was sung at the officer's funeral Look carefully at the accompanyillustration but merely of the same generalthe service played period. type music ship furniPlease and and the was do not illustration ing see can and if you

first ture without communicating the with of the grave over the bandby the assist chairs in obtaining us and Lion Social as indicated Center House the areBritish hero. words Here tables pedestal with in harmony above.

of that song:

shall for another, dog keep watch exemplified this in for case William OFFICER'S FUNERAL MARCH ThyTHE steed reined. stranger thy a by be And Fowler, a elder English humble shrill calling! to the trumpetHark searching for his to to a tune put air; It soft pierces the friends that for thee summer Though mourn now

Tears from each comrade are falling, sadly, hymn, found and adopted Mrs.

there. are shall be; as ever joyous and orphan widow Soon The Norton's composition present to the

turning, are earthward bayonets thy bright orphanThe Though boy may laugh setting of Thee, "We Thank rolls O breath gladly muffled the drum's And around; As he sits on some comrade's kind knee; God, for a Prophet."

Yet he heeds not the voice of their mournYet there's one who will still pay thee duty, Could Mrs. Norton enter a LatIn ing, for the true tears the brave, and terday Saint chapel today she

first in the of her bloom wakes to the bugle sound. As beauty whenNor

She wept o'er her soldier's grave. would be astonished to learn that

Sleep, soldier, though many regret thee, the music which she dedicated to a

Who stand by thy cold bier today; Lord Byron wrote: fallen soldier of war is now frethee, forget shall kindest theSoon, soon true; to a for truth quently sung of praise new song strange—but the earth thy pass from away. name And

fiction"of of a than prophet in honor modern love as thou didst a brother,The man is strange,—stranger"'Tis

A friend in thy place will have gained; And surely the old adage has been peace.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A recent book about mackerel tells Tt has always been thought that one ** how this fish fasts about Christmas A of the main differences between the time or New Year's. pyramids of Egypt and America was

4 that the American ones were not used

A newby applyingmethod ofsubstancesmaking plantsto themgrowby hasas tombs.been foundRecentlya successionin Guatemalaof royalthere

Music Committee spraying has been developed. Tomato pyramid,tombs, eachfour inon atoppyramidof eachwithinother ina

Announces Chorister wasall. prehistoric,It is thoughtbeforethat thethe MayancommunityOld

Empire.

By D. S. WHEELWRIGHT, Secretary

A fossil skeleton recently discovered

HThe Church Chorister is the title * gives evidence that the Pacific of a unique new L. D. S. anthem Ocean waters extended over Wyoming

book which has just been announced an estimated 26 million years ago.

by the General Music Committee, The skeleton is of a dinosaurlike anElder Melvin J. Ballard, Chairman. imal six feet long which probably lived

Printed by an educational publisher most of the time in the sea, but came of Chicago, and distributed by the ashore to take sunbaths and lay its

Deseret Book Company, the compilaeggs.

tion is a direct outgrowth of needs - solution of plants sprayed with a weak in theexperienced L. Church D. S. new in the strange places many Among in faster phenylacetic acid stem grow is Institutes. servingMusic book The life is fifteen be x which found may in leafstalks leaves slower but and and first,there choral chorfor as a book feet ice Antthe under of edge on roots, faster. plant the up making growisters, regas introduction to an and arctic continent. small variety of Atherich

ular use among ward and stake choirs. Artificial "static"which disturbs plants and animals have been found

there. Singers to attracted choir are mem- * legislated against radio has been 4

skillful forcebership not only a and by is in noise France. of consource III of treatment pneu- A Improved Type

ful director the enthusiasm but and by it is sidered objectionable when is possible of because monia nowpleasure singing from come which the of stronger desired than cent per 5 antiin experiments China. made The interesting musicmuch good which it if station, lasts 3 seconds, than more fight has helps pneumonia which body

difficult. the of beingwithout Manyis in ten minoccurs once than more and is isolated in form, been more pure andgreat choruses chorales have and which first In utes. dethe 13,465 month effective used. than serums now choirs ofexalted the congregations and fective devices gave found which were

all first for are the Christendom time disturbances. shovel pick able to power up A new

all choirs. available to L.made D. S. > * it ton load a 50 and place on the

Among the ninetysix pages are to '"po select raw silk which is uniform top of an ordinary 6 or 7 story office be found fiftytwo selections, all of in thickness and other characterbuilding has been placed in service for which are suitable for use in Sacraistics is a difficult problem. But now coal stripping. Able to lift 32 cubic

ment service, conference, and sacred electron tubes have been adapted to yards, the total rating of all its electric concert. Even the little choir which help to measure the "evenness"of silk drive and control motors is 3,500

finds itself "without a tenor"on Sunfor hosiery. horsepower.

day night has been remembered by 4 4 is flower unbreakable those "\17aterproof, hope for 'T'here new nowthe inclusion of a which brief anthem from *"pots and other mental the objects made with most common altos, for sopranos,is arranged and baritones. Male choruses will appredisease, schizophrenia, which fills onepaper are being sold. Serpentine paper

ciate an arrangement of the Sunday fifth of all hospital beds. Insulin, fais fastened together with a glue and

School song, "The Lord is My Shepmous for its use in the treatment of herd,"while three choruses are prediabetes, when used reduces blood sented for women's voices alone. sugar to a minimum. Cures for 68 per

Christmas carols and Thanksgiving cent of cases treated has been reported.

Day music comprise another section. 4

A recent study of the Cree Indians choirs for stake conCombining ward of northern in the "Big Woods"feasible theference through is made "without found to be them use Canada of certain massed choruses which reeven traditions of war and without quire a minimum of combined rehearsal. warlike offensive or defensive weaThe Church Chorister book will pons."There are many such primprove a grateful supplement to the fine itive peoples scattered throughout the

editions of original L. D. S. anthems earth. The Chinese and the people of

which are still published by the GenIndia are predominantly nonmilitary pressed, then given a waterproof eral Music Committee. Quantity prodespite long history of wars in both varnish or lacquer. All the colors induction has made the new book availlands. "Peace is as natural to man as stead of being in the lacquer are the

able at a very reasonable price. warlike ways are."result of the dyes in the paper.

,J)nMe

The Story of the Old Testament The author's attempt to portray an worse natures are stirred and hope- (J. A. Washburn. Published by the impartial view of social, economic, and lessness and despair are expressed in

L. D. S. Church Department of political factors in addition to the rebitter words and terrible deeds. HowEducation, 1936. 464 pages.) ligious problems is commendable. The ever, the Sierras were reached, and

problem of slavery, ethnic origin, politthe early snows forced the Donner

THIS book consists in the main of ical beliefs, and the character of the party into the camps in the vicinity of

A portions selected from the Old frontier life all contributed to the perDonner Lake. There they were left

Testament which have the most appeal secution endured by the Mormons. to their fate, for winter came on with

and which are most vital to high school The splendid portraits of early biting winds and'deep snows. Sickstudents. The purpose has been to Church leaders deftly impress their ness, cold, and hunger they faced each

develop in the student an intimate acgreatness upon the reader. Religion day, and death took a heavy toll.

all appreciation thequaintance the heroic with an behind and dynamo was carefully the traced has Stewart Mr. of Pioneers, the achievements materialfor Testament. the and Old The

Ilentire the of route from company is vitality their faith of logicallyis the the very under grouped made linois to since the has camps on what still real. is in history very divisions: Beforefollowing Church seven

called Lake. been His Donner many the Berrett making, Brother and has Patriarchs; BondageAbraham; The descriptions sufferings the of and awin visualizing for the succeeded youth KingReturn; United Judges;and The ful of the deaths, of the winter agony glorious carrying in part they Israel, play the may Northern Kingdom;dom; at terror Lake, of the the Donner in the purposes of the forward the Southern Kingdom.and Judah, God

little as starvation children faced they earth. Bennion, SuperDr. charts of Lynn the M. and maps book The

little us that the and make wonder men visor Saint of Seminaries. Latterday fix to place materially timehelp and lost their their strength, courwomen

relationships. has but one Each map spirit. their age, and by Ordeal preventsor Hunger items recorded. This two

confusion and brings the items of (George B. Stewart, Jr., Henry The author has had access to a great

geography to the attention of the stuHolt and Company, New York, deal of original unpublished material, dent in relation to the events of the 321 pages, $2.75.) and his use of it has been made with

care judgment. and Levi consideration. Edgarlesson under The 1\R- Stewart's book is the fruit of Young, Professor Historyauthor's appear only of Western own comments

where he felt it necessary to clarify the long and patient research. His at the University of Utah.

meaning of the scripture. The student subject appeals to every reader who is

is expected, under wise teacher stimuinterested in the dramatic and tragic Culture and Conscience lation, to search out the moral and history of the far West. Of all the (William Creighton Graham Herbert

religious values inherent in the Old parties who crossed the plains in the Gordon, University of Chicago

Testament stories. later forties to settle in Oregon, CaliPress—May, 1936.)

Questions at the end of each chapfornia, and Utah, none of them equals ter also give helpful direction to the in suffering that of the Donner party "Religion was not born in a vacuum is, in large part, an outgrowththinking process. The author's long who braved the terrors of the moun- A but

and fruitful experience as a student tains and deserts to reach the sunny of the material culture of the people.

and a teacher has enabled him to climes of California in 1846. They "The dawn of culture precedes the

evaluate skillfully the relative worth were of that fine virile stock of frondawn of conscience."It also vitally

of the Hebrew records for the adolestiersmen who saw the possibilities and affects the type of conscience develcent and to select the parts which most richness of the lands of the Pacific oped. Such is the message of this

vitally and directly relate to life's Coast. Like many of the overland book. The authors seek to interpret

problems and conduct. Dr. M. Lynn emigrants, they little knew the country tentatively the significance of the maBennion, Supervisor of Latterday over which they had to travel. terial aspects of Canaanitish, Egyptian,

Saint Seminaries. Most of the members of the Donner Mesopotamian and Hebrew culture in

party of some eightyseven souls had the religious life of Israel.

The Restored Church that simple faith in the ways of ProviTheir task is not an easy one as they (William Edwin Berrett. Published dence. Trekking over the Oregon readily acknowledge. Archeology, the

by the L. D. S. Church Department Trail in the summer of 1846, the revealer of these material aspects of

of Education, 1936. 560 pages.) Donner party left the beaten road ancient culture, is a new science workat Fort Bridger and made its way ing in its pioneer stage. Its remarkable

TThe Church Department of Educathrough the Wasatch mountains and achievements to date represent only a tion heartily endorses the purpose into the Valley of the Great Salt Lake. beginning. It is a courageous underof the author to lead seminary students But this was accomplished only after taking to attempt to interpret the

to a fuller life through an under- a bitter experience in climbing the high meaning of these "finds,"isolated as standing and application of the prinpasses of the Wasatch. Upon their they are from the complete picture. It

ciples of the restored Gospel. The arrival in the valley of the Great Salt is not only courageous but difficult to

interests and needs of young people Lake, their nerve and hopes were alpresent stimulating conclusions to the who think in terms of today is conmost gone. Pushing on to the Salt general reader who is probably acstantly kept in mind. "The events of Flats near what is now Nevada, they quainted with neither the setting of the

history,"says Brother Berrett, "must soon found themselves on the desert archeological data nor with the probbe related to life if they are to have without water, and without food of lems of historical criticism and methodvalue."Carefully selected references any kind for their oxen and horses. ology involved. Had the authors given

to supplementary sources give stuTo add to their troubles, food for the either a more complete setting for the dents an acquaintance with and an apcompany was running low, and their facts presented, or developed their inpreciation for the finest literature of wagons were falling to pieces due to terpretations more fully, their work the Church. New trends in map makthe heat and dry sands of the deserts. would have been more readable for the

ing add greatly to the understanding of Then came the long pull over the lay reader Dr. Lowell L. Bennion,

time and place relationships in Church deserts of Nevada. When men are Director of the Latterday Saint Inhistory. hungry and suffering for water, their stitute at the University of Utah.

FOR NEW YEAR'S DAY FIRST SNOW By Carlton Culmsee By L. Mitchell Thornton

drifting, of the sky, out themselves; consumed have candles Sifting,The

earth, the heaping, will fall; over Seeping, needles soon sharp green The

Back in the boxes on the shelves Warning us that the days go by,

Will go the stars and bells and all. Telling us of a season's birth.

First snow, white snow, lovely to see,

When the last carol has been sung—White snow, first snow, shrouding the lea.

"For life is hard and men must be"—

Often the Christmas spirit's flung Sprawling, falling, heavy and damp,

Out with the castoff Christmas tree. Gleaming, streaming, biding your hour,

Down where the noisy crickets camp,

If Christmas were not dropped today Touching the lip of a garden flower.

Like some poor jester's bells and hood, First snow, fresh snow, lightly your fall,

The dread of wars would melt away Fresh snow, first snow, garland and pall.

In the warm glow of brotherhood.

.. Sliding, hiding, blown by the breeze,

CITY SONG Crowding,Changing theshrouding,shape ofgardenthe mapleand hedge,trees, edge. water's at the by a wave By Margaret Coray CONQUERORS Caught thing, fairer never a God sends

of the street creeps through By Harry Elmore Hurd Than first snow, soft as an angel's wing. rhythmThe

night. the Its rhythm sings of wires in lines above. The cantilever limbs are sagging earthAnd rows of tracks laid underneath, ward, MY LITTLE TOWN

the weight of soggy Heavy with snow—of road spools everlasting narrow,And By Bess Foster Smith to gravitation, respect they Although show into the nightStrung on and on on and

resilient, like prove a bended all They is its bow confused with so sound dayAt little town, is quite a fullest defies the strength ashy it. Whose hear I cannot other But soundsThe

there—dwelling are testing there, MYMyheartfriends hedge and I hide behindAt night my

Unnoticed by the ghost who sings the song, And drives the arrow with the force applied. We go a walking up and down

I listen to the rhythm of the street. And round the public square.

Thus men are bowed beneath an icy burden

Which tries their faith and challenges their In my busy factory A NEW DESIGN prideAre friendships being made, opposition, find strong the joy in By Grace Zenor Pratt Only singing through brave the dark, MyIn mychoicestdepartmentgoods storedisplayed.there'll be Only the go

their the force that threatens destrucUsing I back, your keep shadows pray—Time, places vacant I keep some tion

trust to the are take years prone The to friends For move in—new to its drive mark. purpose twanging a To childish eyes, from places the haunted But shun

lips, artless prattling from words babyThe lost been. long ones have Where

tresses; their sunshine fromThe TO '37 WELCOME the falters with laughter sometimesAnd passing transients Desirable by

years. Malone Carmen By cabins furnished rentMy

... flight stay tourwinged The mocitizens Substantial have I—a youthful night ments too soon; pass Last permanent. residence stranger came to With

visit encircling enfold within arms us- 1 would dreams of childhood from the world's He creptThe not worth their salt ones who are into our home despite the latch The and lock alarms. cruelly I cannot shove

took possession our calendars of and until I weave AndCannot you wait, O Time, their default for heart-—Out of my

clock; again I'll float love. of a bond

sincerity great and I will him with I welcomed Life? pattern makeThis we call

haste, I see a new design. thus

The years have shown me errors and I Bade godspeed to the aged one who slipped MARCH OF TIME away crave

Into the wait. will only again weave if youTo deep void where there is no night By Rose Bennington

. day. nor.. careclumsy so hands were onceMy

less, too street the passes down Yesterday of one, part with this aged away, He wentGive time... and I shall weave anew! me but feet. lagging On me—

vain. in call to call and him We lovely will never he which moments With

PLAYERS return, He goes his way, serene, urbane.

By Clarence Edwin Flynn, WithI preciouswill yearn;heartthrobs for which ever He makes each littleA stabmemory.of pain

left fragrant he But was a memory kind—he a stage, on are playing street the Today is coming up I grateful as a last goodbye, am I wave And

agileWeScene and age by age. by scene On I wistful I breathe though happy a And amWe are playing on a screen, sigh. Now what surprise has he infeet.store?

Age by age and scene by scene. Will doubts be stilled? Our joy be more?

This babe who takes his place, who has his Will crepe be hung upon the door

Shall I have a hero's heart, hair and eyes, In memory?

Or perform a villain's part? Shall he and I together grow—the babe in

Shall I frolic as a clown, age Come, healing Time! Spread out your

Or assume a super's gown? And I in depth of heart and soul—a sage? wing!

I would be true, I would be kind, I would Tomorrow, sing!

Whatsoever part I play, be wise—And so we wish our lives away.

The scene shifters work away. Oh, may I make the most of time he gives But if he came, he could not stay,

What shall my production be to me. For soon he'd be, like Yesterday,

—Tragedy or comedy? Before he, too, will slip into eternity. A memory!

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

that a ladder moved see far could and THE FAITH OF MY THREEYEAR-OLD constantlyGod was onso He

By MARION DALRYMPLE wide. Harris has not questioned

the ability of God to be in all \\7hen James, my first child, was hold tasks or daily happening is places, and I do not believe he will tiny I thought it foolish to excolored by its connection in some puzzle over that any time soon.

pose him to children's diseases by way in his baby mind with the genNo wonder we are told to have sending him to Sunday School. It erosity and evermatchful love of a the faith of a little child. Because

seemed unwise to take a chance Divine Being. Harris was about of my inexperience and my fear of

when all it could mean to him was two and a half when he surprised me germs, I have deprived my first little an opportunity to play with other one day by asking who had made son of something very precious that little tots. So while I took him octhe various foods I was preparing his brother now enjoys and which no

casionally in his third year and for his lunch. I thought he would later training on my part can promise

again when he was five, his attendcry from disappointment when I in James in the richest and fullest satisance was spasmodic until his sixth my literal way attributed the vegefaction that would have come with birthday meant enrollment in public tables to the farmer and the bread infant belief.

school. With James playing in to the baker instead of to the Creator

it all. His grasp neighborhoods who was behind and many different of Gone: in its appalling the situation at school to contagions was beexposed

sides, there seemed little use to keep simplicity and its reliance. I do not One Lame Excuse!

him at home. know what God looks like to him; (Concluded from page 29)

At that time, therefore, I started but I feel sure He is a wise and a him and his two year old brother, kind being. He is a sympathetic ting. He gained: the few minutes

Harris, to Sunday School. They personage whom my boy walks with twenty times a day he had formerly

have gone regularly since then, and and speaks of constantly with imused to "light up"; increased bodily

during the past year Harris has plicit trust and admiration. health; a sense of spiritual power he

missed few Sundays. He loves to Several months ago, we were conhad never known before; the five

go and cries whenever slight illness cerned at bedtime over a heavy rain dollars a month and more his cigarprevents his attending. James, howand electrical disturbance that was ettes had formerly cost him; and last

ever, has never enjoyed going and taking place. James had told the but not least, the right to associate

complains bitterly though he is fair baby that the sun "sucked the water with clean men of clean habits on an enough to realize he must go or keep up into the clouds"till they were equal footing. He looks back on

us at home, too. The religious full of it. Harris said, "I know, the the time he was a smoker as one

training I tried to give him myself sun makes it go up, and the moon does upon a bad dream.

did not make the impression on him lets it come back down again. But So this year, when the resolution

and did not develop the habit of Heavenly Father makes them do it."lads tell you sadly that they'd just

it to quit smoking, cannot but thatchurchgoing the group instruclightning about and love asked James raise skeptical please a be done, done. tion would have if it that it struck. person kill a would

hostile eyebrow, a distinctly assume their re- I yes, experience fearing has This but answered made me attitude disbelief, of absolute and if opinions I heldverse the a disturbed number of might be dreams by formerly. In the first place, I said thought, I hastened to add that the necessary, to show your opinion of

children's attendance at Sunday shock would be over so quickly, the anyone who would try to excuse

School before the age of five or six person would not know anything himself that way, say, "Oh, yeah?"

was unimportant, especially from a about it. Then I changed the subreligious standpoint. story it ject, I thought a funny had and we to The Advertisers, strenuous the very finish off children day. thewas not worth Both

effort that it takes a young mother to slept quietly, and I supposed the and Where You Will Find do the chores after Sunday's late worry about the lightning had been Their Messages breakfast and get herself and a baby forgotten. But several hours later,

C0...6I Refining Smelting & indressed his and to Church by ten o'clock the up and sat baby awoke Life Ins. Cover bed AmericanBeneficial Back Co

I insistedin the such morning. of the winout looked and by mine University 59 Brigham Young

babies were too immature to appredow near him. As I leaned over Deseret Mortuary 62

ciate anything that could be told to see what he wanted, he smiled Deseret News Press 62 them about religion and that any and said, "Dod did not let the stars First Security BanksInside Front Cover ideas they formed would be faulty shine tonight. He did not want to Hallawell Seed Co 56

and have to be replaced when they let them get killed."KSL Radio Stat'n-Inside Back Cover

L. Business College 60 D. S. I I have foundwere older. I was of a child's explainheard once

Plaster SuperAcoustic 58 to conclusion in every whichwrong his to ing the omNephi own satisfaction Culture....63 School of Beauty Quish

I jumped and in every deduction that niscience of God by saying He Rawleigh, W. T. Co 60

I drew in my ignorance. traveled in an airplane so He could Smith, L. D. & Corona Typewriters 58 at to be everywhere present threeyear-old enough walks go fast My Engraving 24 Utah

figured it out older to once. boywith God. could He fail How My Utah Power & Light Co 57

walk with him? The smallest housefor himself when he was tiny that

The journal OF ARCHER WALTERS ON THE TRAIL PART V

JUNE 28TH, 1856 ("Continuing the selftold story of a man who with his

We think Harriet a little better. wife and five minor children, left home and country

Rose soon after 4 o'clock. Started and comfort to cast his lot with those who, in the midnineteenth

with high wind. Short of water and century were sacrificing all material considerations and even life

I was never more tired. Rested itself for their testimonies of Gospel truth.

a bit after we camped then came on a thunder storm, and rain, Mowed our tent down. Split the canvasand wet our clothes and we had to 15 miles. Walked very fast,—nearly Not found. Traveled about 14 or

lay on the wet clothes and ground. 4 miles an hour. Bro. Brown's fam15 miles.

ily sisters with Bro. some and youngI through needful going thought of 3RD going which Ellsworth always first I cross.tribulation but it made me Bro. to remembered. be Ever brothers to causes the have many of into Harriet a tenttook and poor dollar for gave making Card me J/ I feelings. hard heard have them I well tent as again as the upfixed his Start with daughter's coffin. my well, call as Ellsworth Bro. them and Station.could Creek at Bear cart others the as had before camp as with he them always walks and

to told not but done was and had in the being looks them, same after29TH it. to the wrong suffer for Went oz. lb. each; tent. flour 2 of of in joints rose stiff we Rather when y2 the brothers 30 and about way; of little is rice; very which and my strength thy thy thought, as dayand sisters, the miles went and 10] it cry children with hunger and be,shall us fulfilled upon was for three put our way. wrong We I cross. grieves makes me and me to Heavwhich thankful I feel my together beds handcarts and made or live herbs green anycan upon all day.enly Father. Busy My laid all clothes the with had and we all withnearly thing day do and go Short mending. Sarah andwife of o'clock. 11 about 10 down Yi Pas* with strengthened out and any am cryingprovisions. Children for o'clock Butler Brother had who handcarts. a morsel. Repaired tenttheir A dinner. up the and Got with charge the teams mule came of o'clock, 11 about on storm and cameslept comfortable. us. to the mules fetch wagon and

. 1 tent Split the lasted hour x/2 getting to they were when camp on us. Got30TH and not a dry thread up. about hour Laid an and down

in except good health, Rose Har2ND started with the camp.riet, started handcarts with our and

with but little breakfast as only 3}/ Rose about 5 o'clock after sleep4TH clothes, a ing in wet and made out. Tired Tiedlbs. 20 miles. over served out About was flour of to belonging Bro. coffin Card for the cart behindnight, traveled and we wagon 17 miles never but my

more easily. Got 5 lbs. of flour the Independent Company but travgot in, after three nights. 1st night,

his daughter els with named us, for lb., rain lightning our lb. thunder, and and about bacon 1]/and % miles 5 Card, aged over. splitting All tents lb.,rice, refreshed, and blowing sugar was and % Bro. Parker's town. Indian from skin. night: the wind wet to 2nd very nature. Sleep satisfyingafter

well after prayers in tent. boy from Preston, England, aged blowing, had hard work to hold the

6 years lost. 2 miles, gone after tent up, and this last night no sleep.

today us stop and which him makes to bed; sleep never better and Went 1STJULY will brothers the we hope find him. rose refreshed. soon. It looked very cloudy Rose

and began to rain. Traveled about PIONEER TRAILS ACROSS A NATION. (To be Continued)

GLIMPSE OF A

PIONEER LIFE a link with the pioneer past is found in these brief reminiscences of a living relative of martin harris, who now resides in southern California.

By ALMA A HARRIS

raised sugar cane and ran it through ed to speak their language. They

wood rollers, catching the juice and called a cow "Quitchum Pungo,"a boiling it down to make molasses. dog "Saditch,"a bear "WooditWe cut wheat with a cradle, threshchee,"a fish "Panguitch,"a horse

ed it with a club, and blew the chaff "Pungo,"and a gun "Carabien."

out by the wind, then ground the In southern Idaho there is a wheat in a coffee mill. small creek named "Battlecreek"

Later we had a tannery, carding after the battle fought there by the

ALMA A. HARRIS shoemaker.mill, flour mill, blacksmithOn Christmasshop, andwe AmericanAll the Indianssoldierswereand killedthe Indians.except

would have doughnuts and molasses one, who swam Bear River and was born in Ogden, Utah, on candy in our stockings and our toys hung to the willows in icy water all

February 25, 1856. My grandconsisted of a clumsy sled and a night. When the question aroseI parents, Emer Harris, brother bow and arrow. Our only amuseabout killing the papooses the reoccasional dance, anto ment was Harris, Martin Parna and Chapelle, took a 1,,markice. was made, "Yes, nits make where wheat for his wife, we mother's and on my

side, William Earl and Sarah ticket. If you had the toothache They were very wicked at first,

Ciphers, his wife, joined the Church the only remedy was to pull it out. but Brigham Young advised us to

in Joseph Smith's time. My father, There were no false teeth in those feed them and make friends with

Alma Harris and his wife, Sarah days. them, which we did. When green

Earl, crossed the plains with oxThere were wild tribes of Incorn and new potatoes were plenteams. My grandmother Harris dians roaming the country. Their tiful we would give them a big feast.

brought the first lot of Books of clothing as well as their tents were They finally became friendly and

Mormon across the plains in an old made from the skins of animals sewwould occasionally sell their chest in which she made a false ed together with sinews. They lived papooses to the white people. My

bottom so that when the officers on fish, game, thistles, sego roots, father bought an Indian girl 3 years searched the wagon they did not grasshoppers, and mountain berries. old, giving $1.00 and a sack of flour

find the books. He asked her if To keep from freezing in the winter for her. Apostle Benson bought an

she was a Mormon and she said, they would keep a small fire burning Indian boy and girl. John Garr

a boy. them I knew when tents. bought their center all night in the of"Yes, thank and God for it."We treated they were grown and we their buffalostill up in would wrap chest. They the have

sister. brother them as and They sleep the ground. on and in robes hardships many We endured kind very good people. and buffalo became large of herds There were living inUtah, log oneroom

houses with dirt roofs, with no which they would shoot with furniture, no stoves. Cooking was poisoned arrows. You could buy "KY mother was neighbor to Jodone over a fireplace. We slept on nice robes for $7.00 and $8.00. seph Smith and told many

straw beds using Indian robes for At first they poisoned our cattle stories about him, how nice looking bedding. We went bareheaded and stole our sheep, set the timber he was and how he rode his horse.

and barefooted and were indoors afire and burned hundreds of acres When Brigham Young came to from five to six months during the to drive out the deer. They made Logan to hold a conference we had

winter at which time we could do flint arrow points by heating and no building large enough so we built no work except feed the hogs and applying a wet feather to break the a bowery of willows and sat on cattle and chop wood for the fireparticles off and shape the point. benches with no backs, the children

place. We kept a few sheep and When one of their tribe died they sitting on the ground.

made our own clothes. I spun yarn would howl all night and would cut I am a relative of Martin Harris.

on an oldfashioned spinning wheel themselves with sharp knives. When He is my greatuncle. His ancestors

to make cloth for our family. A they got on the war path we would came to this country more than 300

weaver could weave about two or have to build forts for protection. years ago for religious freedom.

three yards a day on an oldThey believed in God whom they They belonged to the Baptist fashioned loom. Shoes were put called "Ninabi"and in Satan whom Church and were of Welsh descent.

together with wooden pegs. We they called "Naragwinup."I learn- I had the pleasure of doing their

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

work in the Logan Temple forty years ago. Thomas Harris with Scriptural CrossWord Puzzle—A Study of Kings

twentytwo others and their Pastor, (See I Samuel 8:19)

Roger Williams, boarded the small ship, Lyon, at Bristol, England. t i 3 H s 6 7 t 9 0 After being on the sea 67 days they 71 12

landed near Boston, Massachusetts.

Later they moved to northern New——*- BfcjK 7 Pfa

York which was then a wilderness.

Martin Harris's father, Nathan, IS lb bought 600 acres of land for 25c an acre. Later Martin Harris sold 17 /8 19 &20 21 2a.

part and gave $3,000.00 to publish

2ft the Book of Mormon. as ia. ZS Zb m17

Martin Harris was a true friend 32 to Joseph Smith and was very active 29 '. 30 31

in the Church. All went well until 3, 3 3F

Joseph Smith was murdered and a 5

Martin was chosen. new president J6 3* 33i HO that greatly disappointed he waswas not chosen to be leader, so HI when the Saints came West he re- w

Si mained behind and nursed an old V w *6 W Bw'grudge for twentyfive years.

Sb S7 SS He had the custody of the Kirt52 33 AA $w ss afterland Temple it was deserted.

bl 63 visitors through. s>? 60 61 show He would

called on him andWilliam Homer is bb 67 him topersuaded to Utah, so W"come later for sent Brigham Young him 62

in arrived 1870, and he in Utah \was reconciled and preached in the $

Tabernacle.Salt Lake Later he ACROSS Valley to live with to Cachecame

his son at Smithfield. 2 Giant king of Bashan Josh. 13:12 40 "whiter than..."Psalms 51:2

One time when he was on a visit 3 First king of Israel: "a choice young 41 The Indian

at my Father's home in Logan, 6 man"King when1 Sam.Christ9:2 was born 4244 NorthwesternNote state

Utah, I was 14 years old; I asked 11 Eats 46 Middle Atlantic state

questions. of feet borehim 12 Webbing some He

David is called of aquatic birds"4749 ThirdPronounking of Judah 2 Chron. 14:1 "The that 13 testimony tothe same me

he did to others. He said, "As sure 1516 SuffixCombiningused formin lawmeaningterms "smooth"5452 Son"Whitherof Noahhave ye made a... today?"

as you see the sun shining in the 17 Interjection 1 Samuel 27:10

Heavens and as sure as the stars 19 King in Paul's day 2 Cor. 11:32 56 River in Italy

give light by night, just as sure do 23 Second president of U. S. A. 58 King of Hamath 2 Samuel 8:9

I know that Joseph Smith is a 2926 KingSolomon'sof Tyre,successorfriend of1 bothKingsDavid11:43and 5961 GenusArmy officerof herbs and shrubs

Prophet of God. I know the Book Solomon 2 Sam, 5:11 62 Two Old Testament books

of Mormon was divinely translated. 30 Used a spade 63 "the... is come"Ezekiel 7:2

31 In inhabitant of the midst 64 of Japan NativeI the Angel Plates and Gold saw the..."'every 33 with one her 65 Row voice of heard the andMoroni 'I. transportation will also 34,. it"Isaiah 67 46:11 Means of

God."35 Actor's part 68 "the and Lord of

m 37 Lubricates lords"1 Timothy 6:15

SOLUTION TO LAST MONTH'S PUZZLE DOWN

1 Eighth king of Judah 2 Chron. 25:1 27 This king was slain by his own servants

2 Home of Joseph Genesis 41:45 2 Kings 21:23

3 "... thee at the law"28 Venus of... is a famous statue

4 "Let thy work..."Psalms 90:16 32 "shall not be... nor rain"

5 Escorted 36 Last king of Israel 2 Kings 15:30

6 Owned 38 The wise king, son of David 7 Animal 39 Moved on 40 across 8 Scoff 43 Preposition 9 Combining form meaning "all"45 This king was a shepherd 10 God of Philistines 1 Samuel 5:2 48 "the... of his fire"Job 18:5

11 Reserved 49 Consumed < 12 A primary god; good port (anag.) 50 38 down was... of 45 down

14 This king persecuted Israel 51 Help 18 Family of violin makers 53 "quit you like..., be strong"

20 Second judge of Israel Judg. 3:15 55 King of Amalekites 1 Samuel 15:8

21 Jewish month 57 This king "did worse than all that were 22 Flies aloft before him"1 Kings 16:25

24 "his eyes were..."Genesis 27:1 60 Sea bird

Feeler 66 Artificial language NO-? 25

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

SACRED OBLIGATIONS order of business, so that the work in hand;

OF PRIESTHOOD ATTENTION, QUORUM mayThebe projectsdisposedconsideredof expeditiously.by the commitYE GO recarefully tees defined should and be benefit holdPRESIDENTS! brethren the of thepOR LIKEWISE! AND DO secretary. the corded by call ing the attenPriesthood we

of of the the projects After the work 23, 1936 Novembertion the President to address David by assignments approved, committee been have

O. McKay, given at the General President David O. McKay of portions of the work may be made among

Priesthood Meeting, Saturday, October Salt Lake City. the members of the committee or the mem-

3, 1936, and which is published in full bers of the quorum not otherwise assigned.in the JanuaryMarch Bulletin. Dear Brother McKay:—It is the duty of each committee to make

its that function. in the charge recall about one year "VTou work ago To officers In that presiding order may

its all exert powers. the committee end, must *- that anxious were our about we their labors informedkeep conduct and

simple, plan, perfect or works however Priests being hunone High No Quorum it isefficiently, that they keep necessary

It itself. operation, into and put be must the Tithing dred per cent on Record.

file the instructions are issuedon which the to continuously by men work made extra exertion With and some many to time the Bulletin, time throughfrom for the work. responsible obstacles to every overcome memThe Improvement Era, and the Priestber was on the Record in 1935. The records kept by the committee sechood Manual. All issues of the BulThis year we decided to have one retaries should be deposited from time to

letin should be kept on hand by prehundred per cent by November 21, time with the quorum secretary, who shall siding officers for constant reference 1936, to report [or the Priesthood file them for safe keeping and in such order consultation. for that they be available may session Conference; our Quarterly of it will thatso to necessary not become prepared cards under record blanks and The failed 442 only members, four by werepeat to the from month same month authorities the general Priesthood above in while record the were on four were instructions ingeneral should which be the to, referred should be always used by last habit towards paying Deof of

semipermanent form at least. Every cember and could not be persuaded quorum committees.

little while some presiding officer to change their habits.

writes to the First Presidency, PresiThese four are good men and Perhaps the two most important dent Clawson, or some member of the regular tithepayers, so we are praccommittees are the Personal Welfare

Council of the Twelve, asking for intically sure of* 100* per* cent* this year. and the Church Activity committees.

formation which has been published in The duties of the members of these brethren, indetail or in Your clearly implied the committees are in the Priesthood Manual,

Priests High Presidency, titles; Bulletins, therethe repeat, is deby letter and repeated however, we Stake. Ogden

and other communications frequently tailed instruction given in the Priest-

J. Dwight Harding. hood Manual in relation to each of theso that all who hold that Priesthood By

might be informed. four committees. It is the duty of the

One question which is frequently presiding officers in each Melchizedek arising is in relation to the organization Priesthood quorum to see that every is respective functions of their four committees of the quorumand member the Priesthood groups of in In the dutiesof the Priesthood. the actively engaged and work course a study requested Priesthood MANYhave

Manual, pages fortyfive to fifty, there for the Sunday School activity period of the Church, and in full fellowship is detailed instruction in relation to after assignments and reports have with his brethren in the quorum. If

these matters. A careful reading of been made. It is suggested that for there are any wayward or indifferent

these pages will give to any officer the this purpose the Priesthood groups members they should be labored with information required in order that these use the book recently issued entitled until they are made strong. If memOF CHURCH OF THE PROGRAM incommittees are lacking faith, the faithful bers be organized may LATTERCHRIST OF and JESUS committees, of these labors undercarry on their in an efficient members Elder A. by John SAINTS DAYmanner. We here repeat a part of this Widtsoe. This is a comprehensive the direction of the quorum presidency,

instruction survey of the purpose, practice, orshould labor with them endeavoring to ganization, explanations, and history strengthen their faith. It should be the

The general Priesthood plan provides for of the Church. The book may be aim of the presidency to bring all the

the of of committee S. appoinment L. a the Departquorum obtained from D. perfect flock to their a of members

activity. for of division E. eachmembers Education, of 47 South ment the of Gospel, unity understanding and is, the following four standing St. the DeseretThat comor Temple Book

all in the of the unity come "till wemittees should It retails appointed: for be $1.25, Company.

1. Personal Welfare. though offered at a lower price if faith, and of the knowledge of the Son

2. Class Instruction. ordered in quantities. of God, unto a perfect man, unto the

3. Church Service. measure of the stature of the fulness

4. Miscellaneous Activities, and Social. of Christ."

of several consist should Each committee the of some made by The reports appointed course, deSub-committees be of beingmembers, may the number presidents the stake at confrom quorum after special to size look the of or thependent upon main committees, the quorum group. The members of the quorum presifeatures of the work. ferences during the past year have

dency and the secretary may act as memSuch other committees as the quorum shown a woeful lack of understanding, bers of the committees, or the presidency may need may be appointed. or disposition, on the part of some of

may prefer to act as a general supervising As far as possible, every member of the the presidents of quorums in the conbody. Whenever a member of the presiquorum should be assigned to some definite duct of the affairs of the quorums.

activity. the of Priesthooddency apquorum is in noticeable Especially has this been

is thepointed Committees: of on committees one Duties The standhe of the the matter of committees. quorum Nottimeex-officio that should the ing committees chairman of of have a regular committee

quorum. One member of the committee of meeting, preferably each week. withstanding the constant pleading on

should be appointed secretary to the com- A meeting at least once a month should the part of the General Authorities of mittee, who should keep in constant touch be held. the Church that these committees be

with the quorum secretary. The committees should have a regular {Continued on page 49)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

SPECIAL FEATURES OF THE the standards set up for the conduct of the direction of a member of the

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD PROAaronic Priesthood quorums. bishopric for each grade of the PriestGRAM FOR 1937 11. A uniform order of business for hood.

/\ne of the most extensive and inallof thequorumsprogramunderis broughtwhich eachup in featurea sysperiodIt is veryprovidedimportantfor Priesthoodthat duringworkthe teresting programs yet planned for tematic manner for consideration. the Aaronic Priesthood Quorums and

the Aaronic Priesthood, is announced classes shall proceed promptly and for Presiding Bishopric the by busiorder of the systematically with STANDARD 1937. THE include of features Special the program of that that phase every so work QUORUM the following: attention. AWARD ness,shall given proper The be

Standard Award, Quorum leadership in and HPhe emphasis on carried out inschedule to be proposed 1. New

last purpose year for the "* augurated training: special appeal leadership folis as meeting each separate quorum A

lias been made by the Presiding Bishof encouraging better quorum programs lows:

opric that outstanding men, qualified and activities is to be continued during.and capable be selected as Aaronic the coming year. Awards for 1936 will Order of Business

Priesthood supervisors in stakes and be made upon recommendation of stake (A) Activity based Priesthood Committees Aaronic "wards. leadership A Churchwide

year. for the past records upon quorum training course to stake is to be given ( 1 ) Prayer—byPeriod. members of

committee members and in turn given Awards are to be presented at public quorum in rotation.

by them to ward supervisors. meetings such as stake priesthood (2) Audible roll call.

2. New emphasis upon the social meetings, stake conferences, or similar (3) Consideration of means to

and fraternal features of the program: meetings. get absent members to atStake, ward, quorum and group social Provisions of the award are as foltend regularly.

events are to be urged and fraternal lows: (4) Reports of various assignfeatures stressed. A standard quorum is one where the ments performed during pre-

3. Bishopric Counsel Meetings: In following standards have been met: vious week.

these meetings the members of the 1. Set up and follow yearly quorum (5) Assignments of variety of

bishopric assigned to each grade of meeting program in accordance with duties to all members of enPriesthood is to give counsel and adthe recommendations of the Presiding suing week.

vice to of youth, on the problems for 1937. disBishopric Instructions in duties and (6) responsibility simcuss Priesthood and follow a yearly proand 2. Set up in filling assignments.

ilar subjects. of social and fraternal gram of social Consideration and activities (7)

4. Quarterly Review Meetings in with in accordance the recommendaactivities fraternal of

which the activities, programs, and lestions for 1937. quorum. the

the sons quarter of preceding are to be recattendance 3. average an Have Period. (B) Lesson for reviewed improveand plans made the year. of during or ord more 60% Brief of Priesthood Review is (8) feature important to checkment An

fill 4. or more members Have 75% lesson for the week. special give every on:up and member

attention to efforts to secure regular assignments during the year. (9) Brief instructions by memattendance and activity. 5. Have 75% or more members obbers of the bishopric or su-

5. Testimony Meetings to be held in serving the Word of Wisdom as pervisor on habits and vireach quorum at least twice during the shown by the annual report of the tues.

as of of the Bishop December Wardyear. proper coordination superof the By

31, 1937. all the presidency with quorum program Mother's Day 6. A special

6. of or more Have 75% matters the memofvisor these concan be given due to a presentation coveringdevoted the

the bers during money who earn during that period, year sideration and a life of President Heber J. Grant's

tithing, as annual on the shown pay held. meeting very profitablemother.

report of the Bishop of the Ward as of It is to that for the be understood meeting to disdevoted to be 7. One 31, 1937. December a teachers'report meetings, monthly of participation thecussion plans for

of the quorum in the Churchwide cele- 7. Have 50% or more members parsuitable time will be arranged by the

bration of the Restoration of the ticipate in two or more quorum service ward bishopric.

Aaronic Priesthood, the celebration to projects.

be held Saturday, May 15. Stake Aaronic Priesthood ComFurther Details of Order

8. The annual Churchwide celebramittees will be requested to check on of Business

tion of the Restoration of the Aaronic each quorum and recommend to the (Not Less Than OneHalf Hour)

Priesthood, to be held Sunday, May 16 Presiding Bishopric the quorums which (A) Activity Period.

reached have the standards and arewith Aaronic conPriesthood members ( members of quorum 1 ) Prayer—by entitled to recognition. all inducting meetings Sacrament in rotation. that important It is very

brancheswards of the Church. and

annual Aaronic Priesthood SUGGESTIONS FOR BISHeverytaught memberto prayof publiclythe quorumand shallapprobe 9. AnAssembly in which all members of the OPRICS AND WARD AND priately. OF STAKE SUPERVISORS invarious will quorums each ward roll of the audible, purpose The (2) PRIESTHOOD meet AARONIC for special bishopricwith the ward is call to call the attention of every

consideration of Priesthood matters. Tt is urged upon all bishoprics that member of the quorum to those who

10. The Standard Quorum Award, A especial care be given to the selecare absent as well as those who are

which provides a recognition to be tion and encouragement of suitably present. The effort should be to get

given by the Presiding Bishopric to qualified men to act as supervisors in every member who cannot be present each quorum which, during 1937, meets the various quorums or classes under to send in an excuse. Those who are

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

absent should be noted and an effort of the bishopric or supervisor on habits ule for ordination to and advancement be made through the membership of the and virtues: Each member of the in the Priesthood.

to quorum to the attend get them meethis bishopric for prepare should group years Three training experience and ing regularly. definite suggestions instructions reand for the 13, 14. Deacons—12, garding habits personal and Church Consideration of to get means (3) years experience training and Two standards. each message week A brief absent to attend regularly: members for 16. 15 and will stimulate thoughts actions and the Teachers—Effective include sending quoways

rum members as missionaries to visit along proper lines and help members to Two years experience and training absentees, special invitations from suovercome temptations. as Priests—1 7 and 1 8. Under the prespervisors and members of bishopric, ent plan Priests are eligible, if worthy,

occasional contacts with parents and AUTHORIZED AGES FOR ORtoage.be ordained Elders at 19 years of appeals to special interests of members. OFFICES IN DINATION TO

let "Wherefore, every now man AARONIC THE PRIESTHOOD Reports of various assignments (4) learn his duty, office in to act the and performed during previous week: As First Presidency 'T'he of the Church in all diliin he is appointed, which

is roll the called each in anmember, has the following authorized gence."schedswering, should also report the assignments filled during the week; or a

special checkup on assignments filled may follow the roll call. The important thing is to get an accurate THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

record each week of assignments filled A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the by each member. Lord's Law of Health

(5) Assignments of variety of duties to all members for ensuing week

Using the rollbook as a guide, assignnever it, LET'S as sorrow,""PEP"beer a KEEP "ad"puts THE of duties allments should to be made

I IN the and PEPSIN! it that cheers,""cup am in list rotation.members assignof The

logical I to would that be assume printed inments the rollbook should in E. By Hamlin Howard benefit would digestion your enand referred tobe frequently as and wide "Allied Youth"health. hance see us science Let what variety ofa assignments possible as

should be made. All members, if posyOUTH: I understand, Mr. AIhas to say.

sible, should be induced to fill assigncohol, that Shakespeare was quite Dr. Carlson, eminent physiologist of

ments. Occasionally it is helpful to in accord with recent scientific disthe University of Chicago, who studied

had to fed a man that be through an wrote: "Let he good when tell theirhave members experiences covery,

artificial his in opening stomach, obdigestion appetite, wait on briefly and health in particular assignments.

that served small of doses aldiluted both."that claim on proyou Many

fillInstruction in duties in and (6) to 4 oz.) of brandy, cohol, (2 and 10% health appetite. sharpening the mote bying assignments principal the of One various wines, arrested the hunger Is this really true? Recent have "ads"

obligations is of officers to:quorum for movements as as long hours. two I for such claims you, that wild made

teach each member his duties and enpresume this one is false too. A half pint of beer produced a similar

courage him in their fulfillment. New effect for an hour. Never was there

members, particularly, should be given MR. ALCOHOL: Indeed, Youth, any increased movement. This is point

careful instructions in their duties and here in the laboratory, I will give you "one"against me.

responsibilities and should be taught the real truth about myself, just as I Other investigations show that I the best methods of doing the things have done before. Let us go to science always increase the quantity of the seassigned to them. for the answer. cretions, but their quality is inferior.

( 7 ) Consideration of social and fraDigestion is an interesting but comThe gastric juice, for example, although ternal activities of the quorum: Quoplicated function. It has both mechangreater in quantity and in its hydrorum unity and morale may be proical and chemical features. Chewing, chloric acid content, is very poor in

moted by a definite social and fraternal swallowing, and certain rhythmical pepsin. Even the cells that produce

program. Frequent gatherings by movements of the stomach and inthe pepsin lose their power tempoquorums or grades of Priesthood testines serve to mix your food with rarily to form fresh supplies of this

should be held. Let each group prethe digestive juices and to move it onenzyme. Such a secretion has little or

pare for gatherings desired by them. ward in the digestive tract. no digestive value. This is point "two"

Stake gatherings for all Aaronic PriestThe stomach and small intestines are against me.

hood members are helpful. Visiting like laboratories where many chemical Furthermore, it has been demonand assisting sick members and expresschanges occur. Enzymes in the distrated that I weaken the digestive

ing sympathy in time of trouble assist gestive secretions causes these changes. power of the pepsin. Hence, I take

in developing the fraternal spirit. Pepsin is the important enzyme in the the "pep"out of pepsin. If I were a

(B) Lesson Period. gastric juice that acts on the protein moralist, I would say: "I take the

(8) Brief review of Priesthood lesfood. There are nine other enzymes pep'out but leave the 'sin'in."This

son for the week: Each lesson should concerned with your digestion. Their is point "three"against me.

be assigned for home reading at least action is not unlike that of the enzyme Through the retarded or abolished once. The supervisor, after careful from yeast plants that cause my formovements, and the reduction in the

preparation, should conduct a brief mation from sugar during fermentation. amount and power of the enzymes, my

review to develop the important mesGood digestion is quite dependent interference with digestion is considersages of the lesson. The limited time upon the quality as well as the quanable. This slowing up of digestion,

makes home reading on the part of tity of the secretions, and upon the which I cause, would have more serious members and intensive preparations on mechanical movements. Your emoconsequences were it not for my antithe part of the supervisor doubly necestions markedly influence all three of septic power, and that of the increased

sary to insure satisfactory results. these factors. Joy, pleasure, cheerhydrochloric acid which I cause to be

Members studying the lesson at home fulness, promote digestion, but their formed in the gastric juice. If this

should be credited with an assignment opposites, such as worry, mental were not true, stomachaches would filled. depression, grief, retard it. If in become as common as my proverbial

(9) Brief instructions by members my company go laughter and song, headaches.

great, or of he enters when the homeWARD TEACHERS MESSAGE, FEBRUARY, 1937 the Saints, with should be received and consideration. He may wards, is a plan of respect and many stakes THE SPIRIT OF COOPERATION in

his not be learned, but if he is doing in cooperation maintenance, ward with prayerful heart, a HPhe he will recreation, sociability and leisuretime duty to the A Christspiritis theof thespiritGospelof cooperation.of Jesus be able encourage and help activities.

This spirit permeates practically every Finally, the Church Security Plan is members of the Church.

their will willingly teaching. If the teachers phase of Gospel do in a plan of cooperation—cooperation if duties heart, organization a prayerful with Church and is based upon the fundamental doctrines of the Gosinto will receive of the Church the members them cooperation—members love of fellow men.

consult plan cooperating in an organized homes and them and counfor pel—brotherhood,fraternity, neighborly kindness, and their

the accomplishment of the purposes of security for every member of the sel with them with the same good spirit, the Church. Church. the Church will be strengthened greatmissionary Let us get the spirit of this great system of the Church The in essence, Plan, is as as ly. old The

is work. system a of cooperation—cooperaitself. the It is based upon Church sisters, brothers, tion of parents, and the

principles the early that enabled the missionaries friends and with SUGGESTIONS FOR ACTING Piothe and members Church Mormon the to message carry Gospel Church TEACHERS to great the achieveaccomplish neers earth. to the the of ends

bringing acclaim are ments which now is of the '"Phe calling teacher ward genealogical temple of plan and The in to the and recognition Church many of the "* one in the important most is of a plan work cooperation—indithe parts of world. Church. acquainted every Get with societies, families, groups viduals, and

cooperating with spirits in the world Only as members of the Church family and person residing in the disbeyond in the accomplishment of the show inclination and ability to cooptrict. Hold confidences sacred. Don't

Plan of Salvation. erate can the Church move forward. carry affairs of one family to another.

The law of tithing is a law of coAs we learn and manifest the spirit of Cultivate good impressions.

spirit the of the yourself as the Regard of which is shepherd financial cooperation, in the operation—cooperation

district. will your of or In case sickness onward Gospel, the Church march Church. and temporal affairs of the

The law of the fast and of fast ofto its great destiny. death render aid or offer your services.

the Saints to Advise call on you when true In this year Latterday of 1937, ferings is a law of cooperation—cohelp. needing advice and will manifest as before never in care the operation of the poor and Saints

needy. the true spirit of cooperation in all Begin your visiting early. Don't put

The budget plan, now in operation things for their mutual welfare. it off until late in the month. Be

thorough. Be sincere. Carry your

message from the bishop. If unable

THE TEACHER'S CALLING "We have had called to our attention to visit during any month, advise your recently, the fact that some men who are superior officer.

HpHERE is not only a duty, but a high of long standing in the Churchindeed, Attend your monthly report meetin the Church, reared born of them and teacher. some calling privilege in of the a ings. spirit the of Get your from work

posiare prominent occupying and who to the given In a revelation Church, the bishopric at the teachers'meeting.

Priestthe tions in of the of quorums some 88:77-8) saidthe C. (D. and Lord be satisfied with less than 100%. their bishNever their presidents or hood-—when

Attend your meetings. Sacrament live call they in of ops the wards which I give unto a commandment you "And

the welfare of the Saints of to visit the Watch teach Saints, the upon them shall that the docanother teach one you trines of the kingdom. Teach ye diligently principles of the gospel and perform the your district. Watch those who are

and my grace shall attend you, that you duties of teachers, they coolly inform their present at meetings. Make special efthat they bishops that graduated from have in all instructed thoroughly forts more neglectful are be to meetmay and who

teachers. calling to as refuse act and doctrine, in in in the principle, theory, law dilatory. can't expect saints your You

is eightytwo Brother Penrose Charles W. pertain that all thingsof the unto in gospel, if to attend not. meetings do you I seventysix age. of years going on am for that are expedientthe of God, kingdom -. m older several that than I believe and I am to understand."you

of these good men who have graduated

I lesser priesthood, the from want and Priesthood to Melchizedek duties defining the revelation In a tell that are old too not you and them (Continued we page from 46) the the of the Priesthood, saysof Lord if teachers, call to to act as us it—do you organized service, give active yet andteachers {Sec. 20:53): is to us. of a never time not one There

in in of the stakes the of many some the the those of Church priesthood hold who is the to teacher's over duty watch "The Melchizedek Priesthood quorums, no Saints, of of Christ Latterday Jesus when strengthen always, withchurch and be and such committees organized. have been of that they themselves have say can men is in iniquity there thatthem; see no and

lasts, life In there others long as so enough. has done perand been So but athe each neither church, hardness with

ability to to long good, as possess do we functory organization of these comevilother, lying, neither backbiting, nor for labor for the Zion, upbuilding of and mittees labor. which performed have no that the churchspeaking; meet see and

family, the ought, benefit of human we is It all just well, that often,together as better, nay, also see even never and alacrity to willingness, yield the withthe to with their duty.members to do appoint committees, to than appoint the to duty, requirements of us our do made

We are a Church of teachers, and little or great."themAgainand wethencallfor attentionthem to failto totheserve.fact

men ought to be qualified for the work These leading men were willing to that it is the duty of the Presidencies by study and preparation, and no one visit in the calling of a ward teacher, of stakes to supervise these Priesthood should shirk this duty when called had necessity called for it, and should quorums. No Stake Presidency should

upon by the proper authority. not all lesser members of the Church permit a quorum to mark time month

This is a work in the Church to also be ready at the call of the bishops, after month without giving serious which all men are subject. President who will not impose any impossible thought and attention to the several

Joseoh F. Smith said at a conference duty on any man. duties required of the quorums. If

in 1914: And the teacher, whether he be little [Concluded on page 57)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.POXA. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM. CANNON LUCY GRANT MORRIS GEORGE Q. A. BEESLEY L. FRANKLIN WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA

A. KIRKHAM, OSCAR

Executive Secretary SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH ELSIE HOGAN VANSecretaryNOY,

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL Leadership training meeting.

social. AutumnM. O. Robinson, J3rother W. Discussions and Assembly ManualMEMBERS!I. A. OFFICERS AND return upon his begin. from the Programs

]U[ay it bring joy and progress and recent ConferenceConvention *** increased devotion to the cause of the Taylor Stake, handed October.

of youth! into the general office sevenSunday evening joint session: "ReSTAKE OFFICERS ESTABLISH Membershipsteen subscriptionsin theforYoungLife pentance."Leadership training meeting.

RELIGIOUS STANDARDS Men's Mutual Improvement Leadership party.

Tn a number of stakes our Stake Association. The list included Manual discussions and Assembly

* Officers have inaugurated a program fourteen Life Members from Programs.

for the development of Religious the Raymond First Ward, Era campaign.

Standards. Their intention is to have which put them over the top

Stake Board members first adhere to 100% in the payment of their November.

Report strength later, the throughthese and of accomplishments—objecother General Fund. The

tives. to to their example, appealof good three were memberships from evening joint session: "BeeSunday in appeal will turn officersward who Second and the Raymond Girls."I. Hive of the the A. membersto M. The following. standards have been Welling Wards—We comLeadership training meeting.

suggested for personal consideration: mend the Taylor Stake on this Manual discussions and Assembly

1. Payment of tithing. fine accomplishment. Programs.

2. Personal prayers. One act plays.

3. Keeping the Sabbath Day holy. General Fund.

Report of accomplishments—ob- 4. the Keeping of Wisdom. Word also helpful leaders to in be ward jectives.

5. Attendance at Sacrament

their carrying meetplanning and forward ings. include here. it also work While we December. 6. authority. Respect for several of the 193536 of months have joint session: "Jesus, Sunday evening

Christ."KEEPING UP ATTENDANCE passed,apply to thethosesamesame generalmonths initems1 937.will theLeadership training meeting

"Decause of the interest created Manual discussions and Assembly through the Assembly Programs, June. Programs.

the membership and attendance in Sunday evening joint session: "TolNew Year's Party.

M. I. A. this year have been considererance."Reading Course.

training meeting. It is officers Leadershipably increased. that urged Report of accomplishments—objecof summer Commencement their finecontinue in this regard. program. tives. work

Should the attendance have dropped June Conference.

somewhat after the holiday season, Annual reports and records. January.

literature for the year's work. effortevery to New be should put forth Sunday evening joint session: "Love Scout open. and girls'camps thereach again former achievehigh of Truth."

that point and to go evenment beyond training meeting. Leadership

July. excellence.of offered program The Manual discussions and Assembly

it.is all attractive so that should enjoy Sunday evening joint session: "LoyPrograms.

alty."Gold and Green Ball. training meeting.M. I. A. STAKE BULLETINS Leadership Opera. continues, includSummer program

XJlJevv awishnumberto acknowledgeof Stake andreceiptMissionof ingMarkingJuly 4 andhistoricalJuly 24.places. FollowupReport of onaccomplishments-—objecattendance.

Bulletins which are used to send tives.

monthly messages to ward and branch August.

officers. Colorful designs and interSunday evening joint session: "Love February.

esting arrangement and display of Thy Neighbor."Sunday evening joint session: "Boy

M. I. A. news are set forth and the Leadership training meeting. Scouts."

"relaying"of General Board items to Summer program continues. Leadership training meeting.

ward workers is done in effective manFathers and Sons'and Mothers and Manual discussions and Assembly ner. Daughters'outings. Programs.

Sunset and Sunrise Services. Music festival.

M. I. A. MARCHES ON Explorers'Rendezvous. Report of accomplishments—objectives.

sent the DecemberTn Leader we a September. evening Sunday joint session: "Self-A monthby-month to program Stake Initiative."Sunday evening joint session: 'DeReliance and

Officers and since we feel that it will pendability."Leadership training meeting.

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

March. to animate, to put life into, to make If thou the truth would teach;

Manual discussions and Assembly enthusiastic and to vitalize. Thy soul must overflow,

Programs. Leadership is the inherent tendency If thou another soul would reach."

DramaM MenGleanerfestival. Banquets. andwin acquiredand hold abilityothers, oneto guide,possessesdirect,to ship—warmth,Optimism is thelight,sunshinevitality,of leaderand Report of accomplishments—objecand influence their thoughts, dreams, growth.tives. actions, habits, character and destiny. Scholarship—

Leadership sees new paths and directs "In all of our getting, get wisdom.

April. others into them. Wisdom is better than gold."Sunday evening joint session: "The Vigorous and vitalized personality Vitality—"Wake Up and Live."

Believe."toWillingness which is the glow Spirituality—This training Leadership Spirituality meeting. isin anefficientoutstandingand andeffectivedominantleadership.factor links heaven and earth.

Manual discussions and Assembly Personality is the self of each of us. is an important addition for religious

Programs. It is the sum total ability to meet life leadership.

Dance festival. physically, mentally, emotionally, and

Report of accomplishments-—objecspiritually.

tives. The essential factors which enter

1. are: leadership enlivening into anMay. factendencies; 2. Endocrine Inherent

joint session: "CharSunday evening L. L. Stewart, Chairmen: Dr. Daines and factors. 3. tors; Acquired Merrill. Smith, Hazel Brockbank, H. R. Lucy W.Charlottelty.

F. Hardy. Polly R. Clawson, Vida Shakespeare In Night""Twelfth meeting. training Leadership

great, are born [men] "Some discussions and Assembly writes: Manual T-Jappy Year, Senior Leaders New greatness, and have achieve some somePrograms. * A and Class Members! thrust greatness upon them."annual reports. Preparing

this will the year be hope new We is are born Organization. "Some great"—that that from best to has one come you greatness festivals. have heredity: Junior

it the eternities will that the be and is environthrust upon days. Honor "Somethem,"—that of progress laden memories with most greatness,"achieve and "some Report of accomplishments—objecit eternities. to the returns when You effort. is individualtives.—thatment; sixtyfive three days hundred have and

leaders, as shall we, How that stimulate in serve. to which labor and May leadership? efficient effective andPERSONAL SATISFACTIONS more fruitful that service labor be andIN TEACHING 1 By becoming saturated and teachsplendid.

saturated with others to ing become of the Senior Committee Genpays higher The type of service"XJo authorities of on this the thoughts... greets vital eral pretty year Board the new than teaching. dividends

Teaching brings an increased feeling of subject, as found in literature and exwell decided what the next manual is accountability for one's acts in public perience. to be. We promise you another

and private."One who leads a class 2. Know well the teachings, exam- "Highroad"to something fine under

"has an anchorage in life. By virtue ples, lives, and standards in leadership. the guidance of a real leader.

of his position, he possesses greater 3. Know well the basic and essential

resistance to the temptations of daily qualifications of vitalized leadership. THE BOOK

life. The immoral act, the cigarette, Surveys on this subject—Essential "pRiENDS of the highroad, have you

are in leadership Qualifications faultfinding are morethe gossip—and life by made consideration. rate, of worthy thwarted. likely to At any be sugthe reading a littlebook—thatmore of splendidyour refor additional reason High the Granite principal anhe has of A. A of gestive volume—"Making the Most

sisting these evils. If he were not atSchool spent four years in ascertaining Your Life,"by Morgan and Webb?

tached to a Cause, he might not think what students like and dislike in leadIf you have not read the book, please his personal acts so important. ership. Only five of the positive perdo so at once. It will give you vistas

"Improvement in personality traits sonality traits as set down by the from other lives that are sure to help accompanies the teaching act. There students will be mentioned: 1. Broadyou with your own.

is no surer cure for embarrassment mindedness; 2. Sympathy; 3. Optimism;

sixattractive of class a teaching 5. Scholarship.than 4. Sincerity; THE MANUAL

is surer girls. no Thereteenyear-old Survey. Clapp's B. Professor One that paragraph page on reading TTry than or selfconceit egoism of test school leading men American hundred Intro- 4, the bottom, near the from twelvedare-devil, of group ateaching peressential ten to asked name were glimpse of duction a manual. your Get greater exists no There boys. yearold leadership. of qualifications sonality "candles"of great more those once of pacultivation the foropportunity ten answers thousand these of one Out if into brighter fan can see you and teaching than fortitudetience and in order the listed qualifications were

little "light."flames your own circles. religious in groups certain adult frequently: Sympathy, most named immechapters coming up Your spirthe is to comparable "Nothing PerSincerity, Enthusiasm, Address,

if diately, abreast Senior of are the you religious with comesitual glow ScholarOptimism, sonal Appearance, 15. 12, 13, are: 14, chapters current, T. WahlJohn well work and Vitality, Fairness, done."-—Dr.that ship, Reserve

in the health deals with 12 Chapter the as Diin Teaching quist, Ph.D., Dignity.

It to interesting here be home. would Activities. rection of Brigat the class leadership In a C. the wellbalanced modern, compare

ham Young University the following diet with the Pioneer diet. It would

six essential qualifications were named also be worthwhile to review the

Sympathy, Sincerity, Optimism, Scholachievements in the field of the conarship, Vitality, Spirituality. quest of disease, especially those

Axel A. Madsen and Emily C. Adams, Chairmen; Sympathy is a broad and fardiseases which upset the home health.

interest It involves an Grace C. Neslen, reaching L. A. Stevenson, L. Evans, word.R. one-—a most important Chapter 1 3 is

Amelia Bennion. P. Nicholson, Laura to desire help in others with a Relationship."and "ParentChild Many

ENLIVENING LEADERSHIP blessdoing them.of somethingIt actuallyby wayinvolvesof service.the acausehomeofcomesimpropernear toadjustmentshipwreckhere.beirpHE word enlivening is a present Sincerity—Fathers and mothers should exchange

"participle and it means to stimulate, "Thou must to thy self be true, experiences. Perhaps some expert

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937 could be brought in. A panel discusBy cultivating a love for the beauthe part of the members for the success

sion would be interesting. tiful, the pure, the constructive of life. of the class period—a feeling that

Chapter 14 deals with "Child By "letting virtue garnish thy each assignment contains a special

Guidance."Here also expert advice thoughts unceasingly."truth that if not presented would be a

would be worthwhile. Another panel By getting in personal touch daily very real loss to the class. In this

discussion could lead the discussion with the spiritual forces about us. way, responsibility, leadership, and

from the preceding discussion, Keep at the top of your form. loyalty are developed among the mem-

"Family Loyalties"are to be treated bers. The privileges of learning in our

in in Chapter 15. Family loyalty, insti- D—Socially. Church are endless. No one else

spiritual advantages has such world By breaking down barriers of class the loyalty, tution saved has a boy many as the of our Church. youth It is a groups. girl themselves. from a and many

Could some family demonstrate a By mingling with people. shame not to make the most of them.

family council? Perhaps some good By liking people. The responsibility of Gleaner Girls

guide could organize the class for the By creating and keeping friendships in the M. I. A. and in the Church is evening into a "family council."In-—especially Gleaner friendships. two fold: ( 1 ) to obtain a living testicidentally, it might be well to inject By socializing in the M. I. A. acmony of the divinity and truth of the

a few ideas about class loyalty into the tivities. Gospel and (2) to conform joyfully

discussion. and wholeheartedly to the Gospel

requirements.

SOCIABILITY Last year our project was "I will read the Scriptures daily."This year

"TNon't forget that the keyword for we are going more fully into a disSeniors is Sociability. Have you Helen S. Williams, Chairman; Erma Roland, Ann cussion of the Standard works of the

had that party? May we hear about M. Cannon, Rose W. Bennett, Katie C. Jensen. Church: the Bible, Book of Mormon,

it? Have you had class discussion Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of

otherwhere than in the Mutual in the GLEANER CLASS LEADERS Great Price. Any of these books on

like of house? to meeting gives table opportunity the bedside know We'd put are questions often when THoo

tell activities. of us for a or your at Will verse you bedtime. two A girls classes, to the Gleaner make things your unusual the easily that have or could made be Psalm a Proverb

finally teachers response, the and no excellent? class awakening. read upon Sometimes questions. their Freanswer own will find that stay thought a parand quently the teachers have made when ticular in application the day's exgirls either absent are assignments, the

periences. these to solve or unprepared. How include: lessons January The The in problems uppermost two comes of Parental Counsel. our Wisdom What leaders. as Gleaner minds really think parof their Gleaners do

Eyre,Burton Chairman; Floyd K. Farnsworth, G. the of leader's preparation In the ents? honest discussion might An Kiepe. F. S. Harris, Warner, Homer C. Werner she presented to the class, to be work enlightening. very prove

carefully thoughtpro- should prepare Building in the Palship Home, TheTn the that create questions very a voking in that Girl's palship part Gleaner each in the minds MspiritManof isMutualchallengedImprovementas folworthwhile problem discussion. interesting an of would makelows: the class which arrest their members—questionsattention and provoke specThe Enrichment of Friendship. What

A Way of Life ulation and discussion. These quesgreat need there is here for judgment,

tions should touch the girls'lives and discernment, in choosing friends, who

Keep at the top of your form in the lead them to reveal their attitudes towill inspire the best in us, who can following four fields: wards the subject in hand. The queswin our confidence and loyalty.

of tions the heart reach should things MEETINGS GLEANERS SHOULDA—Physically. calling for real judgment, not and call

By developing poise, endurance, forth either superficial or evasive ATTEND FAITHFULLY.

the serenity,strength, that from come answers. to attend should resolve

life.openair of Girls age Gleaner have many meetthe Sacrament weekly ward /leaners in keeping blood stream your By fairly settled ideals ideas and and ing First the has Presidency which balance:proper or clearly able state to should them be important the meeting designated most

rest, securing food, proper and By to clarify willing through be them It is this gathering in of the Church.

exercise. meashonest weigh and covenants our with renew where we discussion—to creating attitudes. proper mental By clearcut standsimple, the ure them by the partaking of Father the Eternal by

prizing million as a body your By should ards be the of Gospel. They sacrifice for posour of His emblems

dollar home. their energies to able curb or expend sible are redemption. Here we

requires. the as Church in structed Gospel, the blessed andB—Mentally. inits allegiance in to strengthened our of and people Young Men M enjoying exervigorous mental By principles. attend also should Gleaners the moral should Gleaner age "makecise. I. conjoint meeting the monthly A. M. their and of community"atmosphere attitude. creating healthy mental By evening. meetThis Fast each Sunday life their set generafor of the form faith, cheer. hope, maintaining By special as ing granted very has a been leaders, tion. time take So, Gleaner being openminded. By the of concession the Presidency by lesvital of points to the each choose in being teachable—'"Poor By I. the to give to the A. Church M. take class discussion. for son Alwaysspirit."of apopportunity the people young application for discussion the time and

C Spiritually. of things vital to these class members. pearingthe workbeforeof the thedifferentpublic departments,to present

burning. By keeping your spiritual lamp ASSIGNMENTS TO CLASS ofents.the GleanersMutual andmightto displayattend astheira classtalMEMBERS group, proving their loyalty to their By righteous desires and earnest

prayer. "pOLLOW up assignments made and own organization and snowing appreBy activity in the spiritual field offer to help in the preparation. ciation for the privilege accorded the

song,'service, worship, right acts. Create a feeling of responsibility on M. I. A.

CHURCHWIDE ACTIVITIES IN PICTURE

'""The Improvement Era"is constantly looking for striking and unusual photographs for cover, frontispiece, and general illustration. Unusual views of Church buildings or of general subjects that

have particular interest for Church members are solicited.

Unusual scenic reproductions are also welcomed.

All photographs submitted

Mission. Era"Improvement Swedish in Norrkoping, of to "The Church the conference annual the attended Missionaries who 1

A. Carlson. Floyd Elder sun by light of the midnight by the Taken Sweden. 2. Midnight at Eskelstuna, by a accompanied be in a should Sweden, in Lovholm, Meeting Fast attend a of Church who the members Missionaries and 3.

selfaddressed, stamped en- 4. Seven Cahoon brothers of Cardston, Canada, who with their father, Bishop George Edward Cahoon,

have a basketball team. velope with sufficient postage

sons. active seven the of father Cahoon, 5. Edward George,,'.., nBay, the sender in to return their Hawkes at Tamaki, held conference) (annual uNew. for Tau during Hui exhibit, of 6. Book Mormon

which exhibit this in interest active taken an have reported to are investigators Zealand. Many accepted. are not they case races. of Polynesian the origin stressed the

entitled tour lecture conducting a been have district, who Germany, Frankfurter, of the Missionaries 7.

Trails."Era"Pioneer "Down Improvement "The anniversary wedding golden their. celebrated Texas, who of Waco, H. Bush John Sister Brother and S

ago; their years two any to return Sister Bush ago; guarantee year one Church home is cannot joined the Bush Brother recently.

of Church. the missionaries to the open always of photographs used in its pages. leadership under the California, who, Stake, Hollywood of Ward, Garvanza missionaries Local 9.

other active in meetings, and engaging cottage holding tracting, are Farnsworth, Stanley President missionary labors.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

SUPPORTING THE GLEANER 4. The leadership and the teaching comes not in yourself alone but in truly

GIRL ORGANIZATION of the course of study. representing that for which you stand

shall principles greater social because are always we establish How"pACH YEAR there is great difficulty compatibilityFirst: friendliness? create and than persons. and stronger your Lead

prefor the embarrassment and officer at least the into one from Have of Year "A Happy New M classes officerssiding in collecting the annual greet at the greater door to group and appreciation of the and Gospel Men something Getting dues.membership its every teachings."welcome member. make When

for appreciation. nothing destroys Why a appears, see that effectively or he new Fourth: member most can How

it for pointnot each a of honor make is she introduced and outlined course, teach the whole welcomed "Social we organiGirl to sustainGleaner her heartedly, into the In Obligations"? and enthusiastically of the preparation

zation by paying her 25c dues at a class. Plan ward affairs, appointing the lesson do not feel the responsibility

time early in the season which has different committees for each getto- of preparation is finished as soon as class the as agreedbeen a by upon gether, feel will every so to class assignments are member memmade to will ablewhole? she say be Then social the necessary to bers. success of the conducts, one should The who

I.proudly, "This A.; I have M. is my class. list interstake parties, Plan and of well a thought out queshave

paid my way."if there is a feeling of strangeness, or tions pertaining to the subject. It is

GLEANER PROJECT agettogetherslack of sociability,are effective.the less Skatingformal theficer responsibilityto see that theof thediscussionpresidingis ofdi-

HPhe Gleaner project is "I will pay parties, bobsleigh, kid, and hardtime rected in constructive channels, and parties reserve Latterday help to break Saint ideals and that are maindown tithes could and offering."A my We selfconsciousness. parties tained at the conclu* and established These when "Bringquote 3:10: from ye Malachi

all the tithes into the storehouse, that wellplanned and properly chaperoned sion of every joint lesson.

there may be meat in mine house, and can do much to bring enthusiasm and With some lessons, the most beneprove me now herewith, saith the Lord loyalty to your Joint groups. Have ficial results are brought about through

of hosts, if I will not open you the at least one high class, dressup dinner, informal discussion; with others, the

windows of heaven, and pour you out or banquet and make it lovely in every assignment method is better; in some

a blessing, that there shall not be room detail. Decorations, music, dress, and the lecture or storytelling procedure

results. subject refined the which are and atbrings When receive it."to need faith; refreshmentsenough We

cultural as tractive will develop standards matter can be presented a problem, courage; knowledge; needwe we need

we need understanding; we need and give your classes a feeling of imfor the members to solve, the evening

strength to stand firmly against temptaportance and prestige. As you lead, will be tremendously stimulating. Other

tion. Strength to conquer our weakjust so will your classes follow. Lead times divide the class into groups.

nesses. your membership into "A Happy New Present the statements for the evening,

Obedience to God's laws brings Year of sociability."and let the different groups separate

power to remain faithful under all Second: How shall we get class and make recommendations, then

findings participation? a to to the group as assignments throw these Givetests. blessindividually the know We for well discussion. whole each different members With month. Have is clear most need. Theings we way

before us; we have but to walk in it every one in the group on his or her thought out plans, and thorough prepato receive them. As the Gleaner Comfeet once during each evening's disration on the part of officers no class

mittee we wish a Happy, Prosperous, cussion. Remember that the ideal ever need be uninteresting, or unenall a groups into your leader the not "Lead but lightened. work, do does all to Gleaners.Beautiful Year New

places of intellectual and responsibility others with Year on Happy New care allembracing and proGod'sMay spiritual will growth."the the faith that be done works all.tection over be each and

and done well. Treat each member's On the first Tuesday in February

opinion with respect and understandthe lesson is on the subject of honesty.

ing, for understanding is a prime requiWithout honesty chaos and unhappisite of leadership. When every memness and trouble hold sway. Honesty

ber feels that through his contribution is indispensable. It is needed in high

AN OPEN LETTER TO GLEANER causethe classof herhaspresence,been bettered,the groupandspiritbeplaces,religion.in Anygovernment,grade schoolin business,child whoinAND M MEN OFFICERS: has been enhanced, then and only then refuses to cheat is standing for a prin-

A Happy New Year! will success be yours. Lead your ciple which is absolutely necessary to

** During the past few weeks, you groups into "A Happy New Year of wholesome growth. In every day

have heard, undoubtedly, that greeting personal development, through indicommonplace relationships between so many times that by now it has bevidual participation."husbands and wives, between children

come almost prosaic in its meaning. Third: How shall we incorporate and parents, between sweethearts, in

This greeting, however, comes to you Latterday Saint ideals in the lives of being loyal to a cause, and to ourselves, now with a new connotation, "A Hapclass members? Search and study the honesty is an indispensable quality.

cherished should be by every Honesty preparain the of the Church Gleaner Year for Men works Newpy and M is prinfor it individual, a universal there tion of lessons, for in the Gospel excellent leaderof your becausework, ship."In your hands is held the pois an answer to every need and every ciple.

tential happiness of the New Year for question. Be sure that by our own

your groups, for as you lead, so will actions, attitude, and conduct, there is they follow. no question as to what you are standing

The course of study, "Social Obfor. When you were chosen to this

ligations"is of comparatively minor position of leadership, an indirect apimportance when considered with your peal was made to you to stand as repJohn D. Giles. Chairman: Elmer Christensen.

real undertaking of building attitudes. resentatives of the Church and its SPECIAL ACTIVITIES OF

1 In this work, on the first Tuesday teachings. You must not fail. You EXPLORERS INCREASE

of every month, is the establishing of have the opportunity to stand for high a wholesome compatibility, among the principles as never before, that others Athletic, social, and vocational ac- "** tivities of Explorers are showingGleaners and M Men. seeing your manner of living and be-

2. The participation, of every memlieving, will desire to follow your lead. gratifying increase in reports from

ber through assignment or discussion. There is perhaps no more important various stakes. The vanball tourna-

3. The establishing of Latterday element in leadership than that of exments, designed to result in the selecSaint ideals. ample. The real glory of leadership tion of winners of the seven Scout

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

Councils, are under way with unusual she sent something to fill a particular talk much; others listen much and add

activity marking the play. The Snake need or desire. After one visit she a few words occasionally and these

River Area Council will be a newsent a beautiful, fulllength mirror and few words are equal in quality to the comer in the Church championships asked that it be hung at the foot of other's many. Some speak only

which will be held in Salt Lake City, the stairs so the young daughter could seriously, others add the humor. Stay

Friday and Saturday, January 29 and see just how she would look to others with the kind for which you are 30. Reports indicate that every counbefore they saw her. adapted and work for perfection. See

cil will be represented for the first time. George H. Brimhall used to tell a 193536 Junior Manual on etiquette at

The plan of double elimination will be story which it might be good to retell the dance. Discuss "your social self

continued, which provides that each to our girls: at church; at home."What effect will

team must lose two games before being A college coed said of a young your "home social self"have on "your eliminated from championship comwoman, "She's a bird."social self"outside the home?

petition. "Yes,"said his chum. "She is two To apply "Your Artistic Self"to

posseslist of your a make a home yourself, to is given society and reminder dove a Exbirds, A special artistic more could be sions that made college that not a she is reallyplorer Leaders 'swak'. Commissioners and But

eligibility requirements provide that type of girl, for most of them are real by applying a little time and attention, each player must be registered as a canaries, sweet everywhere."such as using shoe trees and clothes

brushing sewing on buttons; hangers; it said, "the proof the of America, Scouts often hear withScout Boy We thoughts to give kindly thinking eating."limits the is in are Even teeth; thethat between 15 and of age the pudding

18 and that not more than ten players so, the proof of these lessons is in sparkle to the eyes.

are permitted on each squad. The the doing. Have you by now observed We have a few reports about exScout registration need not be for any any changes in the girls in your group, cellent success with the sweaters.

about anything that your us Write In fact Scouting. ofparticular of these grade as a result lessons—improved enjoyed. group has selfishness, of registration less a gentlerthere is but posture, one form

and the simple fact that a player is spirit toward the helpless, more revregistered meets that requirement. erence for places of worship, more

Players are eligible if 15 years of age selfconfidence and less aping? If

or over and may continue play until the presentation of the lessons is eftheir eighteenth birthdays. The day a fective, this type of results should beplayer reaches his eighteenth birthday gin to show almost immediately. After Ethel S. Anderson. Chairman; Marie C. Thomas.

he becomes ineligible. the class period do you consider ithe Tingey,Julia S. IleenBaxter,Waspe,MargaretAgnesN.S. Wells,Knowlton.Bertha K.

Commissioners and Leaders are presentation and try to decide why this social that the to stress phases successful,urged or was why of the was not, BEEHIVE SUPERVISORS it least another at for one special with aboutprogram to do and what social event in which girls participate time? This is very helpful toward betTn January, 1 936, a new plan to assist

to be conducted during the winter seater leadership, and one type of notes "in the leadership of the BeeHive son. Reports indicate that more social to go into the teacher's project note Girls was inaugurated. It was decided

events have been planned this season book or My Story. Give extra attenthat where possible, leaders should be

than ever before. tion to the shy, diffident girl. Walk selected from the stakes to supervise

Vocational expeditions, as interesthome with her after Mutual; invite districts composed of their own and

getters and moralebuilders, are urged her to your home to make candy or adjacent stakes. The leaders were to

as a means of attracting more members study her assignment for next week.

to the troop and retaining the interest Tell her some of your confidences, and of present members. learn some of the hopes that are in her

heart, and then help her to realize them. timiou withBy thewaylessonof reviewof lastandmonth,to connectshow how giving a part, of the lesson is deSmith, Chairman; Josephson, C. Martha G. idleMarba mental veloping your self. An

Folsom, R. Sarah Higgs, CatherineEmily H. devil's workshop. brain is the Why?Cannon.

Tell what opportunities the M. I. A.

T-Tappy New Year. 1937 is here. offers for developing your mental self.

1 * In twelve months it will be past, What are your responsibilities in this never to return except in after effects. line? The Lord has told us, to knock

What sort of aftereffects will they and it shall be opened unto us; also,

is expected. is given, much where much will that they forbe? wish you We the CAROLINE MISS of ADAMS girl the parable give ALICE PALMER Let one MISS is desire. all that yoube Much may OGDEN, UTAH CITY, UTAH CEDAR it to talents, apply another one and being resolutionssaid about Year New

made to be broken. Who is to blame this lesson. How many girls have

if they are broken? Only those who translated from one language to anare weak enough to allow that breakother? Did you like it? How could

ing. Nothing worthwhile was ever you translate a language you had never

studied? How did Joseph Smith do it?accomplished without a plan—resolutions, if you please. Plan now to "Your Social Self"—Clothes: In

make 1937 a year that will leave with this lesson, this item can be very you joyous memories and satisfaction. nicely correlated with the hobby

This time we have something to say, sampler on Designing Your Own particularly, about the You, Yourself Clothes. Under voice and conversalessons. The girls should do most of tion—discuss the pitch, volume, tempo,

the talking. Here is an opportunity and quality of different voices; some

for the leaders to learn to know their defects and how to overcome them girls. I once read a story of a lovely raspingness, shrillness; breathing, in

aunt who came to visit her relatives. relation to voice, and how posture

She did not bring gifts with her when affects it. Your mental self can help MRS. DORIS E. JOHNSON

she came, but after she returned home your social self. Some individuals VERNAL, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

be made associate members of the Genas drama director of the community Nielson, 3 years; Leona Clark, 3 years.

eral BeeHive Committee, and were to activity committee, as Ward President, Boxelder: Ruby Christensen, 3 years.

Arvilla Bailey, 3 years; Vivian as for the past four years training leadershipassist to and in giving Ward Carbon: Brown, 3 years. Sister their BeeKeeper. Johnson and Stake Stakes under of theBeeKeepers Marjorie Cottonwood: 3 years. Tame,

supervision. This would not interfere was married to Ernest M. Johnson in East Jordan: Ella Jenkins, 3 years.

in any way with the duties of the Stake the Logan Temple in 1928 and is the Grant: Ida Pool, 5 years; Verna Mair, 3

BeeKeepers, but was to be a comother of two lovely little girls. One years; Ruth Clayton, 3 years; Kathryn

operative plan to assist them. might wonder where Sister Johnson Johnson, 3 years; Hulda Burg en er, 3

Looking about for suitable leaders finds the time to carry on this work of years.

for this work, the general Presidency supervisor, but her interest in girls and GermanAustrian Mission: Elizabeth H.

5 years. Welker, organization in makes of the BeeHive Alice Cedar Palmer,selected Miss 3 years. Stake: Highland Ruth Lund,

in it possible give very valuable for her to ParsuperviseCity, to the work 7 years. Roylance, Kolob: Lucy

owan, Beaver, St. George, and Zion assistance to the BeeKeepers of the Los Angeles: Mary Stay, 5 years; Thora

Park Stakes; Miss Caroline Adams of Stakes in her district, as they will Zezulak, 3 years.

Mt. Ogden Stake to supervise the testify. Lost River: Sivilla Hardy, 3 years.

Peterson, Sylvia 4 years: Hollywood: Weber, North Mt. Ogden,Ogden, been has Caroline Miss Adams years. 3 Rosalie Handy, Stakes; Mrs. Davis and NorthWeber, since in active a young Church work Clouse, 3 years. Edith supervise Uintah, toDoris Johnson girl, first teaching School Sunday Lindsay, 4 years; and Minidoka:Maricopa: Zina H.Duchesne, and Roosevelt Stakes. later being called to the Sunday School Doane, 4 years. Sadie

The General Board has been more Stake Board. During 1922 and '23 Moroni: Minerva Anderson, 5 years; Delthan pleased with the work of these she served as a missionary in the ta Draper, 5 years; Odessa Cook, 3

three supervisors and feels that our BeeWestern States Mission where she years.

years; 3 Smedley, Ardella Morgan: M. should be pleased everywhereKeepers office in time the of spent her much years. Alice 3 Mecham,to them. acquainted with become We, her returning from After at Denver. years; 3 Lila Robinson, Mt. Ogden: De oftherefore, opportunity the take the of President inmission made she was years; Bertha S. 3 Buckway, Marie the through to you,troducing them I. was and A. Y. Ninth years. Stoker, M. years; 3 Ward 3 Whittaker, W. Ruth

columns of The Improvement Era, as called from that capacity to serve on North Davis: Mary Waite, 3 years; Ruth

Associate Members of the General the Mt. Ogden Stake Board to superBaird, 3 years.

BeeHive Committee to supervise the vise the BeeHive Department. Her Oakland: Leila D. Erickson, 3 years; Ina

years. Stauffer, 3districts referred above. to in Girl the Scout experience former

years. Oquirrh, 7 Bawden, Vern La is for the daughter love her a Alice organization gave work Palmer Miss Liljenquist, Portneuf, 3 years; Mary Anna

in girls, assisted alsoof Palmer President R. of Parwith young Wm. Christensen, Portneuf, 3 years.

owan Stake. She is a graduate of the qualifying her for the position of Stake Rexburg: Pearl Hamilton, 3 years; ElizUniversity of Utah and has been enBee-Keeper. She has worked ardently abeth Jensen, 3 years; Olga Pfost, 3

gaged in the teaching profession. She in that capacity for ten years and was years; Norma Larsen, 3 years.

has spent most of her life in Cedar City instrumental in organizing the BeeRigby: Drucilla West, 3 years; Ruth

years; Terry, Williams, 3 3 Gladys into resides Stakes four she and has of the made a Keepers Ogdenwhere

years. years; Nielsen, 3 Anna W. activities training, leadership for her BeeHive through Swarm, ahobby years. Somerville, 3 Juan: Vera of San

until legends gathering her Lore, the she Chairmanof Indian which was years. Collins, Salt Olive Lake: 4

and information from the Indians themcalled to supervise the Ogden District. San Luis: Lois Jackson, 3 years; Eloise

selves residing in that vicinity. Miss Her fine spirit of enthusiasm for the Christensen, 3 years; Alma Holmes, 3

Palmer began her BeeHive activities BeeHive organization is stimulating to years; Mamie Johnson, 3 years.

some twelve years ago, first as a Ward all with whom she comes in contact. Sevier: Mrs. W. L. Allen, 3 years; Mrs.

BeeKeeper, then as Stake BeeKeeper Hazel Duffln, 3 years.

Ida Christy Hatch, 3 years; Davis: South position sheof Stake, which Parowan of another beginning the this 3 years. D. Westerman, *""*Atstill connection with her work holds in Sevier: 5 years; the Brown, South Committee BeeHive year Magdalen

as district supervisor. In addition to sends greetings to all BeeKeepers and Ileen Webb, 3 years; Mildred Magleby,

her BeeHive activities she has been BeeHive Girls throughout the Church. 3 years.

Society, in and 3 years. Reliefactive Hortin, Primary, Alice South Summit: feel of the happy Committee Members

11 years; St. Rogers, MaxJoseph: that states Mary she School, butSunday of the and 1936 has in accomplishments years; ine Wilson, Trelva 4 Mangum, Beegreatest in the joy herreceived renservices in splendid especially the years. 3 organization.Hive BeeKeepers. the dered by years; Matilda Romeril, Millie Taylor: 3

Mrs. Doris E. Johnson was born and During the past year one hundred- W. Boyson, 4 years.

reared in Vernal, Utah, and is the two BeeKeepers have qualified for the Teton: Ann T. Hill, 13 years.

daughter of Myrtle Miller and Haller three year service pin. This plan of Timpanogos: Lydia Smith, 3 years.

Fails: Phillips, 3 years; Lorinda C. Twin of inaugurated graduate in 1934 by the She is a the award wasH. Erekson.

years. Knight, 3 Ruth for she the qualifications took where Board, General High School,Uintah years. Brim, 3 Tooele: Mary

an active part in dramatics and other which are: three years'consecutive Wasatch: Jennie Edler, 3 years; Vera

activities of the school. At an early service including the year just closing ) Provost, 3 years; Alta Johnson, 3 years.

age she became active in the auxiliary fourteen Honor Badges—earned and Yellowstone: Rhea May, 3 years; Blanche

organizations of the Church, particuchecked; the passing satisfactorily of Amen, 3 years.

larly the M. I. A., where she has served the test prepared by the General North Weber: Donna Mae Clapier, 3

3 years. Kimber, years; Emily It is gratifying to note that Board.

3 years. L. Johnson, Anna in Roosevelt: the year each number remaining 3 years. Sharon: Beatrice Rowley,

service is increasing. The names of Salt Lake: Doris Adams, 3 years. Sendfctki* WEE BOOK those having qualified for the threeUintah: Ella Cerfew, 3 years; Fawn Colyear service pin are as follows: lier, 3 years.

on J> electy(2eLllkotnlciSeea.i Utah: Sadie Pherson, 3 years; Estella A.

BEEKEEPERS'THREEYEAR Olson, 3 years; Ethel Bown, 3 years.

Hallawell Seed Co. Neering, Wells: 3 years. SERVICE Vay St., Market 256

3 years. McMullin, Jordan: Calif. Francisco, Mary West San years. S. Baxter, Julia 3 General Board:

Please send FREE Ellen 4 years. Tracy, Stake: Alpine your 1937 Garden also of the General plan Board The years; Book. Stake: Alice 3 Beaver Thomas,

Nellie Blackett, 3 years; Thelma Hall, included the awarding of a fiveyear

3 years; Isabell Yardley, 3 years. pin to all those having served the past

Boise: Julia Arthur, 3 years; Maybelle five consecutive years and having filled

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

the requirements of the threeyear pin. Rigby: Ann W. Nielsen, 5 years. times during the year, mostly at the

The fiveyear pin has been awarded Roosevelt: Clara M. Olsen, 15 years; fall conventions. There are still some

years. Lambert, 8 Esther pins. is It their not yet time. received athis for the first have year who

Lillian Morris, Sacramento: 5 years. in in haven't touch appreshould getgift the General Board Those from who Salt years; 13 Sorenson, Lake: Naomi

It service. their orciation long Stake with BeeKeeper continued of Young years; Peterson, 14 Johnson, Anna Mary

will be noted that many BeeKeepers 8 years; Kathryn Geurts, 11 years; Eva Woman's Stake President and ask

have given much longer service than Wahlquist, 5 years; Margaret Giolas, them to send for the pins, so that they

required for earning the pin. The 6 years; Alice Lloyd, 7 years. may be awarded at some stake funcnames of the one hundred twentyone Sevier: Louise Dastrup, 5 years. tion in the near future. The three year

BeeKeepers having qualified for the Shelley: Flossie Berthelson, 7 years; Edith pin involves a charge of 50c, but the

Butler, 5 years. pin is given year by the Generalfiveyear years. five Sevier: Brown, 5 service pin this year are as South Magdalen

are eligible. to allfollows Board who 5 years; South Summit: Martha Burgener,

BEEKEEPERS'FIVEYEAR St.PhilanderJoseph: Tree,Thora5 D.years.Broadbent, 8 years;

SERVICE Mary Rogers, 11 years. Priesthood T. Hill, 13 years; Martha Melchizedek Ann President Fox, Teton: Board:General Ruth May page 49) {Concluded from 5 years. Tonks, 14 years; 21 years; R. Cannon, Sarah

Blain, Tintic: Pearl Forsey, years; Pearl 6 officers officers will serve, not then years; 9 Elsie Marie Noy, Hogan Van

years. 9 ability that have should chosen years. be C. 6 Thomas, who

years. Tooele: 5 Williams, Alta years. 5 Hirshi, Keetch Lake: stakesBear of Naomi Presidencies and inclination.

Falls: Bitter, years. Myrtle 5 Twin years. Powell, 5Beaver: Eva Council help the the of High Vest, with Uintah: Bell, years; Tillie 5 Gwen years; Cobley,Blackfoot: 7 Opal Mary to follow are called up upon members 5 years. years; 5 years; S. Brown, 5 Harper, Fern this that labor great every see and man B. years. Utah: 12 Minger, Anna S. years. Noall, 6 Mabel

is his performs years. given authority Ivy Johnson, 5 Weber: who years. Pickett,Cassia: 9 Georgiana

years; Behunin, Wells: 10 is It Rue La of Helen duty. the desire the General years. 5 Golding, OliveCarbon:

5 years; C. Moore, Jensen, Sarah 6 years; to of see another Authorities end years; by the 6 Burgon,Cottonwood: Emma

Steffensen, 8 years. Wanda six Effie Bennion, Liddle, 5 years; the months, every year, or Rosemarie even next

Ardell 5 years; Wasatch: McAffee, Dove years. years; 21 Cecelia Tolman, 5 fully organthe Priesthood of quorum years; 5 years; Clyde, Frisby, Blanche 5 years; 5 Earnstrom,East Jennie Jordan: the actively ized conducting and work Edler, years. Jennie 5 years; Jackson, Gull, 5 Bessie 5 Lena its all details to in assigned are which years; Norris, 21 Woodruff: C. Grace years; years; Carroll, 5 Verona Atwood them. Florence Lottie Bur- 7 years; Bingham, years. 5 Day, Mayme

leigh, is years; 5 It are 5 Dorothy McKinnon, the Lord's engaged work we Elsie 5 years;Ensign: Anderson, T. Lucy

years. in. responsibilities taken have we The 5 Peterson, Virginia 5 years; Atwood,

years; Ruth Isakson, 5 years. Yellowstone: Irene Ricks, 5 years. upon us by covenant in accepting the

GermanAustrian Mission: Elizabeth H. Young: Emma Hamblin, 13 years. Priesthood are responsibilities which

Welker, 5 years. Western States Mission: Afton Hardy, have come from Him. This is not the

years;Grant: Bertha 5 Goldie Shaw, 5 years. of of man, the but God. work work

Pool, 5 Burgener, Ida 5 years; Bittermart Park, 5 years; is Jordan: years; West to of the root every at be laid ax The Clayton, Spencer, 5 years; Ruth Erma 5 years. Vida forth tree W. Fowles, that bring not good does years. 5

Highland: Pearl Fisher, 5 years. The General BeeHive Committee fruit. Those who have accepted the

Idaho Falls: Ethel Schwendiman, 5 years. congratulates these BeeKeepers and obligations which ordination to the

Kolob: Maud Nielsen, 5 years; Lucy expresses appreciation for their fine Priesthood places upon them, and then

Roylance, 5 years. services. The Committee believes the refuse to keep that covenant, shall be

Lehi: Eunice Hutchings, 5 years; May awarding of the service pins not only removed out of their places. It is writyears. 5 Bone,

Liberty: Davies, 15 years; Rosella Mary encouragesservices, buta continuationalso increasesof efficiencyvaluable tencounted"He worthythat is toslothfulstand, shalland henotthatbe years; Cluff, Nellie Beer, 5 6 years.

Logan: Thalma Hansen, 5 years; Sybil in this splendid girls'program. Quite learns not his duty, and shows himself

Christensen, 5 years; Ella Neddo, 15 a number of these pins were awarded not approved shall not be counted

years. at June Conference, others at various worthy to stand. Even so. Amen."

Los Angeles: Mary Stay, 5 years.

Lost River: Geneva Pearson, 16 years.

Maricopa: Gladys Pomeroy, 11 years.

Millard, Merle Poulson, 5 years; Nana

Monroe, 5 years.Minidoka: Millie Loveland, 5 years. xtfcatuamciTYj

Morgan: Ethyl Tippetts, 5 years; Mabel

Winters, 5 years.

Moroni: Minerva Anderson, 13 years;

Delta Draper, 9 years.

Mt. Ogden: Caroline Adams, 10 years;

Esther Stewart, 10 years.

Nebo: Dora Powell, 5 years.

North Davis: Doris M. Dawson, 5 years.

Ogden: Addis Thomas, 9 years; Pearl

I. Walker, 5 years; Viola S. Warren,

7 years.

Oquirrh: May Bello: 9 years; Laurel

Grant, 6 years; La Vern Bawden, 7

years.

Parowan: Alice Palmer, 12 years; Etta

E. Jones, 6 years.

Pasadena: Beatrice Van, 5 years.

Pioneer: Edith B. Gold, 9 years. Have you heard about this new plan for the

Pocatello: Ella Howell Metzener, 9 years;

Stella Allene Slaughter, years; 5 ELECTRICITY? OF M. ECONOMICAL USE

years. 5 Wright, tasks before. ever All household be cheaper can than done Come into our now

Portneuf: Arlene 5 years. Dewey,

store us ask use of the plan. and can you make how 9 years;Rexburg: Magleby, H. Erma

Tremelling, Janet 7 years; Hazel FreeUTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY years. 6 man,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

FIT FOR COMP'NY (Continued from page 19) was being talked about and was "Sure will. Seems like it was ages ticular occasion, and as the other

prone to assent easily to schemes since we had any young folks runset had come to her along with that would have called forth a more ning around here."Henry and the house she felt fully

or less heated discussion earlier in "We must do everything we can justified in buying new ones. She

the day. to make things nice for them,"Alvira found a set decorated in wild roses

She waited now until Henry had continued, leading up to her point that were most pleasing and she also reached the point where the evening with as much subtlety as she posbought some rose colored water paper began to drop occasionally sessed. glasses to use with them. When

from his hands before she remarked "Aw, shucks, ma. You don't have she had them home and unpacked

with a well satisfied air, "It certo worry about that. I don't suppose the happy thought struck her that

tainly will be fine to have Francie there's a cook in the country kin she could have Mrs, Denning's Vera and her friends down a few days."hold a candle to you."paint similar roses on her two pewter

Henry made no effort to stifle an "I'm not worrying about the cookplatters.

enormous yawn before he replied, ing, "Alvira answered shortly. "It's Making Henry purchase a new

the house that's got me guessing. I'm suit was a different matter but bejust wondering what we can do in tween her threats and entreaties he

less'n a week to make it fit for finally went to the town's only

declared suit which he made Nephi comp'ny."clothing store and bought a new this black with wrong "Why—what's

at. just to look him uncomfortable in house?"Henry asked the same

mild surprise as if he had not been On one point only was Henry SuperAcoustic told a hundred times of the shortadamant. He absolutely refused to

comings of the old homestead. move the highboy upstairs. The

could like it or not as they built this company saw fit. Plaster "Whenhouse it wasmy grandfatherthe finest in the whole

county."Alvira grew quite jubilant as the

Used throughout the University "Yes, an'when did he build it?"day approached. The house had

Library Building and Alvira sniffed. "Close to a hundred been scrubbed and polished until it

years ago."It's been a long time fairly shone. Fresh curtains and

Many of the Church's finest now since it was the finest house in bedspreads brightened the bedrooms structures in Utah and the county even if the walls do keep and delicious food began to heap

California on standing. Anyway we got to do up on the cupboard shelves until

something about it. How much Henry declared they would have to

A beautiful, durable, soundmoney have we got in the bank?"call in half the people in the country

absorbing wall finish "About two hundred dollars/'to help eat it.

Henry admitted, "above what it'll Frances, prettier than ever with

Manufactured by a Utah Cortake for taxes an'the new stock I her soft brown curls and merry blue poration of 45years standing been planning on gettin'."eyes, arrived home Thursday eve-

"Well, it won't go far, but if I'm ning and after the first ecstatic greetcareful I can do something with a ings were over began looking around hundred,"said Alvira with the air of with a somewhat bewildered air.

making a great concession. "An'"Just what has happened to this

walked as they asked she got to take twentyfive of what's room?"NEPHI PLASTER & you for into the dining room left an'get you a new suit."MANUFACTURING supper. glance to then she happened And suit old Ma. "Why, brown The

their at the green 401 rugs with Block, gay Dooly CO. is—"paused. case His Henry was floral centers. gasped, she City, Salt Lake Utah it. lost already and he knew taken see unawares, have you "Oh,""I—I rustier "Is in nails than the out rugs."some new

the barn. You're going to get you Her mother beamed. "Yes, I

a new suit,"wanted to cover up as much of this

L C SMITH TYPEWRITERS Henry duly handed over the hunold floor as I could. Don't you think

Every L. C. Smith typewriter moves dred and Alvira shopped with enthey are real pretty?"

ball points. in all vital bearings on (for thusiasm. She bought four green "Yes."Frances agreed with an Shift the famous Floating Add

30 years a Smith feature), and you rugs to hide the most conspicuous odd little smile and sat down as if to users stick understand why Smith to places of the humble flooring. A study their prettiness more carefully. 3939 Smiths. Telephone Wasatch

for free demonstration, or write us. scene called "Springtime"and the Finally she looked up at her mother

coveted Japanese print were brought and said, "Would you mind dread-

L C SMITH & CORONA home to take the places left bare fully, mother, if we took the rugs up

TYPEWRITERS INC upon the walls by the sampler and and put them away until after our 40 West 2nd So. St. Salt Lake City, "Utah old fashioned mirror. The money company has gone back to town?"

(I am interested in the L. C. Smith) held out so well that she decided to Alvira looked bewildered and

D The Corona Portable indulge in a long wanted set of crestfallen but Henry was bristling

Name. dishes. Not but what she had immediately. "Not on your life we

Address plenty but the ones they used ordidon't take them rugs up. Your ma

narily would never do for this pargot them rugs especially for this

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

Jennie on the next Hubbard It was as she FIT FOR COMP'NY farm and was breathless company. Don't you like them?''she scraped and scoured until every usual. "Could you possibly let me

he asked, looking from one to the vestige of the offending paint was have a few dishes, Alviry?"she

other of his "womenfolks in an effort removed from the shining surface. gasped. "I got about six more peoto decide which one might be slightly The next morning Frances put on ple here than I had counted on."

unbalanced. an apron and busied herself about "Just like Jennie not to know how

"Yes, I like them,"said Frances. the house. "Have the dishes been many relatives she had invited to

"But you see it's like this. Mr. washed off yet?"she asked, going to dinner,"Alvira thought. Aloud she

collects antiques he the cupboard andHouston where the old china said, of course, you Jennie, "Why kept.studies about and them knows all was I just a right over. bought send

them and he will just adore this floor. "Not yet,"her mother answered. new set last week and you're right

just herself early with "I—"she caught American know thisYou them. to comp'ny have in time. welcome We it yet."boards nail heads "I haven't andthe uneven had time to do city of course we're so from the

showing is very fashionable now. Frances brought out the china using our Lowestoft,"she finished

People are having them put into the very tenderly. 'This is Lowestoft proudly. fine new homes that are being built—did you know that, mother?"she

and of course, I am very proud to asked, her face animated. "I've

have them in my home and want to been learning a lot about antiques make the most of them."lately. There aren't many families

"Well, it's up to your ma,"Henry that can serve their holiday dinners g%fe countered, torn between loyalty to on a set of real Lowestoft."

Alvira and a sense of triumph that "No, I guess not,"Alvira agreed, at last a good word had been said smiling and thinking how very for his long despised floor. nearly another family came to not

"If Mr. Houston likes this old having their holiday dinner served

floor he's welcome to see all he wants on a set of real Lowestoft either. Brigham.Young University

to of it,"Alvira asserted. "I can She half hoped that Frances

take the rugs up for the present and wouldn't bring out the funny red enjoy them a good many years after glasses with their vines and grapeAnnouncing- he's gone back to the city."leaves. She did so admire the pretty

rosecolored ones that she had at the store, but the red Three Ihe sampler—or rather bought

the place where the sampler had glasses came along with the china.

Bristol,"said Frances "Genuinebeen, next spot was the to draw their to Opportunities rapt tones as she held one up attention.daughter's has in "Nothing

happened to the sampler?"she asked look at the light through it. "If I

anxiously, remembering her mothshould get married, mother,"she For You er's oft repeated threats to put the began shyly.

lot and get the you wholething in the ash can. "You

'till to wait around have we 1* Winter Quarter nothing's happened to it,"don't "No, said Alvira with a faint sigh. "Does die either. I can get along just fine January 4—March 19

Mr. Houston prize samplers too?"with something else."There was

"Yes, indeed,"Frances cried. "A deep conviction in her voice. 2, Short Course

fine one like ours has no end of value. They were interrupted by Henry

I can hardly wait to show him that who had just come in from a few January 11—February 12

and our tiptop table and all the necessary chores outdoors. "I guess

other things."it's about time to get the old bus out 3. Leadership Week

"The sampler is upstairs in my and go to the depot for the combureau-drawer,"said Alvira resign- p'ny,"he said and then looking at January 2529 edly. "You may as well go right up Alvira with faint appeal in his eyes

and get it, Henry. And bring down he added, "I guess I better go up No doubt you can arrange

the old mirror at the same time. I stairs an'get that new suit on."your schedule to include at

guess that's in the same class as the Alvira looked back at him kindly. least two of these opportusampler."She glanced over to Henry had been rather fine about all nities.

where the highboy stood, grateful this. Never once had he said, "I

for the first time that Henry had told you so,"or showed by so much refused to move it. as a look that he was gloating over

Late that night when all was quiet, grandfather's antiques having come For Information Write

Alvira stole down stairs and scraped into their own at last. Aloud she

the roses from the pewter platters said, "Never mind, Henry. Just put BRIGHAM YOUNGwhich had been put on so painstakon the old brown suit. You might

ingly only the day before. Instinct just as well be comfortable."

told her that if the platters were to Henry brightened perceptibly as UNIVERSITY meet with Mr. Houston's approval he went upstairs to dress. Frances

they must be left in their original went with him to meet the train and Provo, Utah state. It was hard work and she Alvira had just opened the oven for "The Friendly School"

was already weary with the exanother basting of the turkey when tensive preparations of the day but the phone rang.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN {Continued from page 11) Rich orPoorthong on their chins, of following trying to throw her off he made as the if over her. strike among monuapos- he would The

track Idle or BigmentsMikeon the white tate's of two son, with strength daring men and

EmployedwithThevaluablelittle sisteroutfits.liked it—he knew tofromhis theownground:surprise, snatched"Don't doa clubit!"

she liked it. She cast sly glances at he hissed, raising the club in deWe all have a him and he grew mighty as he refiance.

lated the daring part he took. to the little Yielding From from habit NEW YEAR to spend furtive sidelongs sister, at her for he contemto the skunk and yielding

Invest yours in plated his own dashing figure: the his firmness in her defense, the old

gallant hat, the ebony whips with bear gave up his effort at the hogCommercial Education! flashing red, the beaded footgear, string but he glared at the renegade's

the fringed trousers. He thought son with unremitting aversion.

offace—histhe braveirresistibledabs ofappearance.paint on Hehis the"Apostatefire in hisskunk!"narrow heeyes,grunted,"Go!

contemplated Toorah, plump and Never dare speak to her again,"and coy and beautiful, her bewitching he motioned Posey away with his skirt of red and yellow and blue long fingers, "Remember—Never

she was more powerful than her again!"

bearish brother, yet she was not The skunk caught Toorah's assurbearish at all. ing smile as he turned towards his

father's wickiup.

Jr osey sat with his face from the entrance intent on his story 1 en days more at Navajo and the magic reaction it was bringMountain and that glutted snarl of ing. He took no note of time, and PahUtes would have been clawing

when the older women showed their at each other's throats. Sanop and

lack of interest, he addressed himhis boys sided with Buck Grassself directly to the little sister. She hopper: Soldiercoat and Mancos

raised her eyes now more often and Jim held aloof from the quarrel, grunted her relish for the pictures while Mike and Tuvagutts nursed a of his heroism. little grievance all their own. Chee

"I outran Bitseel as he followed poots wanted his sons to retire with their tracks,"he boasted, "I passed him to the tall timber and let the him and his father."others go with their quarrel back to

"O aakerum,"she cooed in their own country.

pleased admiration. Poke and his brothers loaded up he—their lion's share of the plunder and dSm ""I was right by Mike when

She sprang from the blanket on went down to visit old Tsabekiss, which she sat and gripped his hand the Navajo. Toorah and the rest

For half a century the L. D. S. excitedly, "They are coming! My of Norgwinup's posterity dared do

Business College has helped brother is coming!"she whispered,

pulling him towards the door.

young men and women of the His fingers closed around her soft readily to her yielded he hand and West to "find themselves."

It suasion. touch the charming was

of the hand he had gripped in the

Let us tell you how we can help thicket of birch willows at Lasal.

the doorthrough She drew him Route. Rawleigh

steady give you a regularmeans This (hurry) you. way, apane!""Tooish families. to service 800 she auto'OR

wellestablished similar While still returning in whisper, a satisfied with $25 be routes must earn week, you $100 a necessary first experience week months. few the a No other grip, fervent some "Come urgedhis 25industrious, reliable, age selected but be must man

Rawleigh authorized 50. will right an become The man I'll for time, you."watch capital started necessities, our on Dealer for 250 home

used on Rawleigh old year now way 45 trained the and rehis but turned head had He for Write complete Routes. now nearly 9,000 Rawleigh

information. nearest for luctantly to the look LD.S. BUSINESS CO. Dept - A 71,PE Freepori 5 IK. fell them RAWLEIGH over cover a shadow when

both—the shadow of a wide hat and

at an unforbearing looked up COLLEGE they and two WE OFFER mustache upand-down A COMPLETE ENGRAV70 No. MainSalt Lake Cityfierce eyes drawn down to narrow ING SERVICE

slits. portraits to the largest missionary From reservaUntil Note: 15 make March catalogues. pup!"gasped Apostate "Puneh!

tions before least at Attention. you three weeks Orders Mail Given Prompt tyrant, his long fingers the on the register. to plan ENGRAVING UTAH CO of knot the hogstring.

Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

girl seized his hand and in 120 The

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN nothing but follow the old grizzly, they could use and everything they people in despair appealed to Haskel and those not of that posterity dared could carry away. to stay the rapacity of the camps on

do nothing but stay behind. Six weeks after Poke left Navajo every side.

The big gang broke into a dozen Mountain to visit Tsabekiss, the The old graybeard went patiently factions and might have been sepCheepoots people found him camped from lodge to lodge, visiting the arated a long time but for the steady near Bluff, but Toorah was not with leading thieves of both tribes.

lure of easy plunder at the fort and him. She was not in any of the Stooping and old and slow with

with the big herds at Blue Mounwickiups of the Norgwinup family, measured step, he entered silently tain. Each clan straggled back in his people refused to talk about her, to sit in the smelly wickiup or hogan

its own time to Bluff where every and Posey and his brother hunted and look at the wondering inmates family and every individual denied for her in vain. Had Poke left her till they grew eager to know his

having taken any part in the trouble with Tsabekiss? Had they sold her business. "Impo ashante?"they

at South Montezuma and at Soldier to the Navajos—to Bitseel? asked from all sides of the sageCrossing. Aside from the strange and perbrush fire. But Haskel looked stuAnd when they came straggling plexing disappearance of the little diously down his nose, fixing his

back, not a penny richer for anysister, conditions reverted to what gaze on the coals while their suscepthing saved from the big haul, if they had been before the raid. They tibility worked itself up to a keen

Uncle Sam or anyone else still held played ducki and more ducki. Every pitch.

any notion of making reprisals for day in every wickiup and in every They saw dignity and disappointthe disturbance, no hint of it was hogan they played coolincan, monte, ment in his bearing, his presence ever whispered to the PahUtes. or some other smooth device for aroused guilty memories. What

They figured that again they had gain without cost. Sitting on a would he say now? Most of them

carried their game oi, blood and blanket in the shade, or by the fire had mocked at his message before, plunder to the point of complete if the weather were cold, and raking but every one was impressed then as success, and the passing months in the coin with no sweat or exertion now with his forceful personality.

proved them right. The idea of—that was the life of greatness, and They knew he would never speak

their ever being punished became a every one of them thought himself till they gave him urgent invitation joke in their camps. They still had great. by perfect silence. He sat crossall the peace and freedom of the If they could find no Navajo or legged on the ground, his head

past to go just where they pleased, Mexican to skin on the ducki bowed forward. He was a stoic, a

and there was nothing to hinder blanket, they skinned each other. big chief. They listened, all eyes

them from staging another party if When not engaged in prowling the fixed on his still figure. "Impo

ever they could unite to make the range, or eating or sleeping or tradashante?"pleaded young Henry.

start. ing, they were sure to be enthralled "Shinoff {the Great Spirit) sent But that matter of uniting—when with their gains or cursing their his servants to talk to us,"and the

Mike and his renegade band relosses at the card game. If bad Indians remembered three men

turned like prodigals to the fold, medicine followed the flip of the coming in from the north and going they brought to the tribe certain percards for too long at a time, or if they in a buggy up the river. "Shinoff

sistent elements of discord which found the range too closely guarded wants us still to be your friends,"made union increasingly difficult to appropriate its livestock, they the old man continued, pausing only thereafter. The only possibility of would subsist on the meagre earnfor his words to soak in. "He tells

any union at all was some kind of ings of their squaws at the Mormon us that if you go on robbing us, rousing racket with the common enwashboards, or scrubbing floors, you'll die."

emy, the white race, and when that hoeing weeds, chopping wood. The words came in great firmness

trouble was over the union was soon and a hush reigned in the wickiup.

dissolved. JTrom their latest raid "Maybe you'll get sick and die,"

kill you'll he to each of the little the area "maybe went on, came Chapter VII Old Medicine they eatother. will like of locusts, send village Maybe a swarm Shinoff

Man ing everything before them. The lightning to strike you. Maybe He

JT overty is a state of mind, a disease. With the old San

Juan Indians this disease was American Smelting, and Refining chronic. The gains of their latest

raid melted away while they stayed Company in hiding and they cut sharply into Seventh Floor McCornick Building the thriving business of Bitseel and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Navajo Frank when they began OF PURCHASERS again to eat the beef and steal the Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter Products horses of the little Mormon settleConsign all ore shipments to ment. American Smelting and Refining Company

Hatch and Mike and Tuvagutts Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah made it their leading business and Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, Garfield, Utah the two Grasshoppers and Bob and Address correspondence as follows:

Posey toiled aspiringly after them. AMERICAN SMELTING AND REFINING COMPANY

Sanop and his two boys specialized 700 McCornick Building in robbing the Mormons of anything

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 61)

will reach out with His unseen hand of the medicine. Surely the old man

carrying death in its touch."was a wizard, and he was the only

He gazed searchingly and accusone to hint that the trouble would ingly from face to face while the ever come out right.

silence became oppressive. "If you Posey rode all the way to the

steal our horses or kill our cattle hogan of Tsabekiss near Navajo you'll die!"he repeated with emMountain pretending to be on other

phasis. business, but really for nothing in

Permit us... old"StrongBaldy, reverently.medicine,"commented thesister.worldShethanwastonotlookthere.for theHe littlehad

medicine,"his believe reason "Good to added son no stayed she had call to to attention your a little Henry. in that part of the country. Then

detail will help that 1937 to make "I'm scared to death of it,"Bitseel's laughhe prowled around quarters

A Happy ed "Yes,Hatchme,"withhissedmockingSanopgesture.in conacrossdropping.the river,It wasspyingall to noandpurpose.eavesNew Year... tempt,Mormon"I horsewon't nordare touchto lookanyat ofa ColoradoHe wentandto thenosedlitethroughreservationeveryin

their beef if I'm starving."camp from Merriano Springs to Pine

It is simply this: Preserve, in The old man's words half apRiver. He met Indians who knew

permanently bound, attractive volpealed to Posey, for Poke seemed all of old Norgwinup's family, but to believe in spite of his brother, not one to tell a word about the old umes, the good reading and counsel which our Church leaders Hatch. man's baby daughter.

place before us each month in the But Posey's concern were all for Could it be possible the old grizzly pages of "The Improvement Era."the little sister—what had become of had killed her?

her? What could he do to win the Nothing would indicate she had

favor of her grizzlybear brother? ever stayed at Bitseel's hogan, yet Begin now... Possibly if old Haskel really had Bitseel always talked freely with

the to he pretended power have and surely Poke, he must someknow to together gather the numbers to have, seemed might he induced be affair. thing the about Possibly he

just volume making up com39, to tell bring to back, or Toorah it. all about knew Posey Once when pleted, bring mail or and them she where could found. be of watched the agame back ducki of

to us. will In days a few you first to chance Haskel's went He store, log old laid dollar against a he

in accessible have very good form all cabin told old the and sage about bet somebody's and won. Then for reading family. the whole it. listened Haskel without moving the side from of other the blanket

a muscle or looking up. Would Bitseel looked up with a menacing

+ + Haskel make her brother bring her qrin, and placing a five dollar bill on back? No. Would he find out from a certain card he chuckled, "Skunk

he, horse for a tiptop make The theWouldPahUtes where she was? No. bait,"as a challenge to cover it.

the right her? to bring medicine No, Startled and stung, but having

a dollar, the Pahyoung won for not a whole band of tiptop just fished his little of four Ute Deseret News wad It horses. discouraging. was

the "bait."With the next flip of Press cine"Listen,"man whenmusedPoseythe waswhiteaboutmedito dollars from his pocket and covered

29 Richards Street leave in disgust, "You quit stealing, the cards the young Navajo grinned ten in the even wider and gathered quit lying, quit to kill somewanting dollars. shi eeh, puneeh "Eeh will love you. Salt Lake City, Utah body and Shinoff

he gloated, which amounts loves you, all your nizen,"He When

I I'll declare, to "Well, do like troubles right."out will come

What a poor answer! The young skunk."

PahUte went away in bad humor. Posey thrust his hands in his

Yet brooding still about Toorah, and empty pockets and glared at his lifelearn long enemy. did you "Where of her every the hour of PESERET MORTUARY thinking the to say But demanded. that?"he night, he reverted back day and the

Service Above All again and again to that poor answer. Navajo, with his small hat strapped

*//*"i.if 14. V, After all, that looked more like a on his heavy hair, flipped his card

gleam of hope than anything he had with contemptuous emphasis on the found. blanket and said nothing.

Months passed and nothing happened to prove the truth of Haskel's Iuvagutts had his camp.

predictions. Three times the young in a little canyon eight miles east of

NavajoMountainite refrained from Bluff. He had selected that as the

taking unguarded horses—not that best and the safest place from which. he had repented—not Posey repentto spy the range near town. From ing—but he wanted to test the virtue there he gathered the Mormon's top

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN horses on short notice, took them to ed at it, and Hatch and Sanop had which rose feebly and died in the

McCracken Mesa, and then on by gone on a trip. darkness. Nothing more. He called

easy stages to his confederates in the And still Toorah was not found. again and still again. Silence mocktwo reservations. In Posey's determined search he had ed at his voice on the hush of the

One day in August he rode spied every camp along the river for night.

around, according to his deceitful miles into New Mexico. She might Toorah was dead! It was her

custom and entered Bluff from the be with Hatch on his unusual, farlonely spirit that called to him from west, that no one might guess the away journey. She might be dead. the great hereafter.

direction of his camp to which he If any man knew a thing about her, Sleep was miles and miles away intended to return after dark. His he feared the old bear too much to from Posey. He groped his way

visit was for the purpose of spying, tell the skunk a single word. along the b3se of the vertical wall

but incidentally, and also to conceal and into a little canyon. The gray

his purpose, to get a load of melons. /\ strange thing hapdawn revealed a way for him to

In the evening he left town with pened: the Cheepoots renegade peoreach the top, and climbing eagerly

bulging sacks on each side of his ple had been camped three weeks at up he hurried over to the point above saddle, just as a fussy little storm the foot of a high cliff in Cottonhis wickiups.

began blowing up from the southwood where big trees sheltered their Most of the region was sandrock, west. In half an hour that fussy wickiups. A trail led up to the bench bare and smooth. Yet in a destorm had evolved from its fussy on the west side of the canyon, but pression where a little sand had been

stage to the majesty of thunder and no trail up the east side nearer than drifted by the wind, he found the sharp splits of lightning which a mile away. imprint of a woman's mocassined

reached in fury from the blackness Over the brow of that cliff above feet—Toorah's feet? Whoever it

above. them on the east side, the desert was she had been running. Farther

At the Jump, east of Bluff, four winds moaned and sighed, sounding on he found the track again—it had

Navajos were about to overtake the at times like a human voice. Twice been made in desperate haste. Still

old man with his awkward load, in the early evening, as Posey lay again he found it and on it a big when a blinding crash shot out from looking up at the restless leaves, and track, the track of a man!

the gloom. It knocked the rider and wondering in torment what had beHe scrutinized all tracks, hunting

horse from the trail like a chipmunk come of the old cavalier's sister, he far out from the dizzy rim trying to blown from a limb with a shot gun. imagined he heard a voice from the make out what had happened. He

Tuvagutts and his pony lay in a high rim, a soft voice calling his found the marks of a pony's feet, scrambled red blotch. The melons name, and he jumped with a start. but the pony seemed to go nowhere

had splattered like so much clear But a mourning dove flew from the in particular till its track was lost in water. shelf of the ledge and he gave it the beaten trail.

News of the tragedy traveled uncredit for what had seemed to be Maybe Toorah was not dead.

der the lash from camp to camp possibly—the voice of the little Maybe she had been hunting him

Haskel's strange medicine! The resister. and some monster had dragged her

port gave Posey a great start—the But after that, when all doves are away. Could that be it? O she

medicine seemed to be unfailing. asleep, for it was in the dark hours was far away, she was never real

Maybe his troubles would come out of night, something on that strange any more. Surely she was dead.

right after all. rock roused him from his dreams Maybe this long hunt for a will-o-

But another report trod on the and he sat up with a great start to thewisp had upset his reason; the

heels of the first: Some mysterious listen. It was a still night, and yet tracks he had seen and the voice he

calamity had suddenly overtaken from that lofty rim above he heard seemed to hear may have had their existence in his mind only.Navajo Frank. Hearty and robust, his name—it was Toorah's voice!

he had lain down on his blanket at She called him twice! He went sadly back and moved

night, and in the morning his great "O aakerum!"he shouted, springtheir camp from that evil place down

lungs seemed to have caved in. He ing to his feet, "Where are you?"near the mouth of Cottonwood.

had no capacity for breath. He "Come and get me,"she called in ( To be Continued)

moved with slow, labored step, going quick excitement, speaking as plainat once to Haskel where he begged ly and as unmistakably as ever he to live and promised to steal no more had heard her speak. BE INDEPENDENT

horses if the Mormon's God would "I'm coming! I'm coming!"he No Other Vocation So Profitable!

forgive him. hurried to shout back through the ENROLL NOW

Some of the people of the northern darkness, and ran from under the For a Complete Course at the tribe crossed the river to Frank's trees to gaze at the great mass of hogan and found him helpless as smooth rock towering as a vague Qulsh School of Beauty Culture from the thrust of an unseen hand. and massive shadow above him. He The Best in the West

304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson to his brain a cudgeled remember it. risBob, the worried aboutThey

CITY, SALT UTAH LAKE climb to the place might he where thief, four laying young awake Information Further For top.nights revolving thing the strange Catalog and

and Haskel's solemn prediction in "Where are you?"he repeated, Wasatch 7560Callor

his guilty mind, and then in a hot raising his voice. No answer. He Fill in This

fever he became hysterical and died. called again listening with his whole Coupon

The strange, deadly medicine! Yet being, but he heard only his throbGrasshopper and his brother laughbing heart and a breath of wind

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY Berlin, November 3, 1936.

Dear Brother Editor:

Program—by popular request, we are repeating this word.

The pro receives the accent and has the o sound as in oat. Congratulating you for making the Eva characteristically

The catch lies in the second syllable. The a has the same sound a Church publication and at the same time preserving a

as in the word add. When you are planning your assembly high tone and lofty spirit in it, and wishing you continued

programs or your conjoint programs will you put the flat a success in your labors, I am sound as in cat into yqur preparation? Sincerely your brother,

Roy A. Welker

Guidance—has only one i in it and that i has the sound of Mission President,

the i in ice. The a in this word differs from the same GermanAustrian Mission.

letter in program; in guidance the a has the sound as of the -

a as in account.

"\/"ylophoneThis music is becoming increasingly popular **—should therefore be pronounced correctly. The x is

pronounced like z; the y takes the sound of the i as in ice; the

first is pronounced as in the word obey; the second o as in the

word old. The accent follows the long y sound.

November 10, 1936.

The Improvement Era Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Editor:

just IS a pleasure Era. I to look at your have November IT

several looked to cover times already. cover Your at it from

cover with its white border and script reaches a new dignity. TTTs

Your illustrations also seem better than usual. Congratulations. WELL RECEIVED

Your brother, H. Samuel Hanks

602 South Belmont Street, Lady:Tramp:"Have"Onlyyou everonce, beenmadam.offeredAsidework?"from that, I've met

Glendale, California. with nothing but kindness."—Posterfprs.

GREETINGS FROM OLD BOHEMIA GOING THE PACE

Writes Mission President Wallace F. Toronto: **T'm very tired,"said the lady at the head of the supper

One of the greatest sources of joy and inspiration which * table, one Sunday evening.

is are missionaries our have Era. They Improvement The asked be,"bishop, been said her should not "You who had

eager to receive it each There devour its contents. month and sermons to meal, preached two haven't the evening "you

always seem to be so many things in it which are adaptable today."

to missionary work. We appreciate the fact that we receive "No,"said the lady, absentmindedly, "but I listened to

it regularly and that you and your staff are making such a them."—Toronto Globe.

fine job of it. Accept our love and greetings from the old

country. TIME TO IMPROVE

Sincerely your brother, (Signed) Wallace F. Toronto, a! refused this poem six weeks ago,'said the editor.

President, Czechoslovak Mission. "Why do you submit it again?"

"I thought perhaps your taste had improved by this time,"replied the poet with a gleam of satisfaction in his eye.

—Car/ton.

AS IT APPEARED THIS IS MY MISSION FAMILY SHORTLY BEFORE BROTHER SHE SOON WONT HAVE LEFT GAETH FOR HOME right: row, left to Taggart, Front Glen L. T. South, Martha William

I. Toronto, F. Wallace Grant Gaeth, Gaeth, S. Toronto, Arthur Gaeth, Martha K. Little Mary Jane: "Mother, why hasn't Papa any hair?"

Milton C. Smith. thinks dear."so "Because much, Mother: he

left right: Davis, to Carl Taylor, row, Y. Back Vernon LeRoy hair, so have Mother?"you much J.: "Why Melvin S. Irvine, Burton, Joseph V. Sidney McFarlane, G. William Ward,J. Manning, Alma M.

run play Mother: along and like a nice little you "Now Butler, Dover, SVatoslav A. Victor Polivka, Merrill, Leland Murdock, D. John

Alan Pettit, John R. Williams (not present). girl."

On this page are a few scenes connected with a single week's production. At the top are Gene Halliday, musical

director and organist; Glynn Bennion of the L. D. S. Historian's office, who each week verifies all material used;

Mel Wright, technical director. At the left center is

Dr. Adam S. Bennion, assistant to the president of the

Utah Power and Light Company, under whose general direction the broadcast is produced. Other pictures portray action during the actual broadcasting. Pioneer Trails

is written by Gladys Wagstaff Pinney, and directed by

Louise Hill Howe.

SCIENCE has lengthened life it secureINSURANCE has made who live securely and peacefully toand pestilences, while Life Insurance guaranday, scientifically safeguarded from tees to the widow and orphan financial securityWE the pestilences and plagues of a disand freedom from material wants when death of aeaseridden or so ago, century world know AovertakesBeneficialtheLifewageInsuranceearner inrepresentativethe race of life.willlittle of the terror insecurity physical which and

shadowed the lives of our ancestors. be glad to help you secure yourself and dependToday, thanks to science and insurance, we live ents against want and poverty.

both longer and happier. Science and the mediIf It's a Beneficial Policy It's the Best Insurance

cal profession have largely prevented plagues You Can Buy

J&PAM'Y'

General Agents

ALLEN CAMERON 515 Title & Trust Bldg., Phoenix, H. M. ROLLINS, LYMAN, WYO.

Ariz. thos. l. smart, 202 wonder bldg., reno, nev.

R. F. COTTLE, 420 Idaho Bldg., Boise, Idaho e. j. sorensen, 310 park central bldg., los angeles,

l. d. greenwood, 208-1 1 jennie rogers bldg., idaho Calif,

Falls, Idaho roy utley, 310 park central bldg., los angeleb,

david petersen, 919 first national bank bldg., ogden, Calif.

Utah ARCHER WILLEY, 605 California Bldg., Oakland, Calif.

THOS. H. ROBINSON. 810 WHITE BLDG., SEATTLE, WASH. GEORGE A. ZUNDEL, 4335 SACRAMENTO AVE., CHICO, CALIF.