7>Hlmprouemenf Era

DECE

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CJTY, UTAH TJOLLYWOOD'S "lucky stars"choose the same gas appliances owned by millions of their fans. Throughout the

West, all over America, homes from cottage to mansion know Gas, the modern fuel, as a meansto everyday luxury.*Today's

gas range links top speed with rockbot- and comforting as sunshine. And when

tom operating cost; beauty with certified you install a gas automatic water heater,

performance. Gas refrigeration combines every penny yields dollardividends in satpermanent silence with positive food proisfaction; every "hot"faucet means what it

tection for as little as 2c a day. Economsays, 24 hours a day! Ask your Gas Comical gas heating is as clean, dependable pany or Dealer for free demonstrations.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentythree Utah Communities JUS 'r==fr—r t t> p Q P Q;

E==n== COOKING * WATER HEATING * HEATING * REFRIGERATION

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941 'J6*y&i, GRAHAMS

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Bible, in at least, part hasTPhe been.—C

fiftyin * published and a thousand one different tongues, twelve for the &.

first time in 1940. A large share of this

British PICKUP has been done work by the *>

Bible Foreign Society and had which distributed over four hundred millions of books in the century and a quarter & before 1930.

Ane midden or heap of oyster shells - left by ancient Americans at

Damariscotta, Maine, contains an esti-.<*S8&-

mated seven million bushels of shells. 4 m

HpHE average automobile engine burns

A over a thousand cubic feet of air with every gallon of gasoline.*

. "vicious. Trva*Package. IITotordriven ice skates have been nra

patented recently. A motor drives

a screw which bites into the ice to propel the skater forward.

A new floor wax is designed especially PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

* to prevent slipping. Made by Gentlemen: Please send copy of your free booklet of ice box desserts.

combining a synthetic material resemitbling rubber with the wax, is reName. Address.

sistant to sunlight, heat. wear, and

Tt is estimated by George W. Merck

that about two hundred thousand entirelyproducts new to man have NOW, MORE THAN EVER BEFORE!—laboratories from the chemicalcome

since 1914.

>'"Pen years ago isooctane, which is FOR CHRISTMAS...

the arbitrary one hundred in the antiknock rating for motor fuels, was a laboratory reagent selling for thirty Subscription Send andollars a gallon; today the price is ERA

about thirty cents. THE GIFT THAT GIVES ITSELF TWELVE TIMES A YEAH

+ your young men JT OR who are away.—For your family or neighbors at homeTT'he ancient Babylonians commonly is gift. There appropriate no more

demanded twenty per cent and occasionally as much as thirtythree FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR and a third per cent of the capital as A $2.00 subscription to the Improvement Era will keep those to whom you send it,

yearly interest on loaned money. close to home and Church.

in Enclosed this envelope is $2.00 for which please/areful pened tomeasurementa year's precipitationof what hapat CHRISTMAS send a gift subscription to the and gift card name

the U. S. Department of Agriculture GIFT and address indicated below, giving my name as

experimental at Arlington, farm ginia, nearly found that half the water VirCOUPON sender:Send Gift Card

was returned to the air by evaporation Tear out, fill in, and mail this and Subscription to, from the soil surfaces and transpiration ChristmasThe "Era"orderwill sendblankan NOW.attracAddress: through the leaves of plants. tive Christmas

one for whom giftyoucardsubscribe,to each City State '"Phe largest known star is now begiving your name as donor. My Name is A to brightAlgethi, lieved the be Ras Address THE IMPROVEest of constellation the Hermember City State MENT ERA iscules. Its eight diameter hunabout Ward Stake MAIN NORTH STREET times six50 greaterdred sun's the than

sevenths of a million miles diameter. Salt Lake City, Utah Subscription rate—$2.00 each year for each subscription.

( Concluded on page 708 >"< ><">< >"< >"< >Q< >"< >"< >n< >n<——>n < >n<

TMmprooement Era Into(DohowIjojulmany languagesJCnow—the Bible

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'has been translated? 705

What Brigham Young's advice to

Grant, J. Heber the Elders 711 was? 1941DECEMBER, Widtsoe, A. 12 John 44 NUMBERVOLUME things what Editors For President McKay

Richard L. Evans, tells us to be grateful? 714

Managing Editor"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"What is unusual about the ancestry Marba C. Josephson,

OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE

ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTAssociate Editor of Joseph Smith, the Prophet?....7 16MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

Morris, Mgr. General George MUSIC COMMITTEE, Q. OF EDUCATION,MENT WARD Nativthe between comparison Associate Mgr. The Cannon, LucyTEACHERS, G. AND AGENCIES OTHER OF THE CHURCH

ity signs in Palestine in Amerand ]. Orton, Business Mgr. K.OF SAINTS. JESUS CHRIST LATTERDAY OF

ica: 720

By what means the Savior taught?. 722

How the Pioneers celebrated Christmas? 724

How Jedediah M. Grant bested the

"Ram in the Thicket"Heber J. Grant 713 ministers? 725

(fkuAck, 3>jzahvuitu Whatadoptednew tomeanshelp spreadmissionsthe haveGosLet Not Your Heart Be Troubled David O. McKay 714 pel message? 727, 728, 756

Smith Joseph The Historical Background of the Prophet

Fielding Joseph Smith 716 Whatple forbooksChristmas?to give to young peo730

A Willingly Offered Testimony Charles A. Callis 721

presirecently the appointed Religious Education of the dent Mission New England Evidences and Reconciliations: in Hawaii XLIV—Who AreRoscoethe SonsC. Coxof 728 Whois.'733

Perdition? John A. Widtsoe 737

Church Welfare Program: EcoGenealogy 750 Whether or not the sons of perdinomic Utilization of Irrigation Music 753 tion will be resurrected? 737

Executives..754 L. Messages: Water, 710 Mutual Winsor M. to make an unusual Christmas How Interest.754 Said, Compiled Brigham Young

salad? 739 754 711 Hale Heber by Q. SpecialM MenGleaners..

The Shenandoah Broadcast, Explorers 755 How the "Era"cooking schools are

Bruce Tueller 727 Juniors 755 succeeding? 740

The Church Moves On 733 BeeHive Girls 755

Priesthood: Melchizedek 745 Mormon Boy Wins Medal 756 Who the seventh presiding bishop

Aaronic 748 Sunday School Held at Historof the Church is? 748

Ward Teaching 749 ical Spots in Missouri..756

family group sheet the new What at Fort Ancient, Day No LiquorTobacco 745, 749 Pioneer is like? for record work 750 756 Stewart Ohio, Ora P.

SpsuriaL JjurfiiteA, What has been done in the compiling of genealogies by those not

Nativity Signs in Palestine and the Americas Isaac B. Ball 720 of our Church? 750

And Jesus Said Elmer S. Crowley 722 What three questions a prospective

How the Pioneers Celebrated Christmas E. Cecil McGavin 724 choir member should answer?....753

Quinney Friend? Is Joseph Who My twelve things Marshall Field 727 What 732 the FrankUniverse, Exploring the Book Rack On said should be remembered? 768

lin Let Harris, 705 S. In! Jane Jr Homing: Them

Telefacts 708 R. Crawford 738

Corner, Barbara B. Imitationa Christi, Frank Cooks'De

Burnett—.726 Smith Warren 739 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

School 740 Cooking Era Route to Iran, L. M. WinEn

. Hints sor 726 Handy 740 Copyright50 North 1941,Main byStreet,MutualSaltFunds,Lake City,Inc., Utah.a CorImprove- Mutual Men's Young of the 760 poration to Advertisers Index Books Christmas for Young

Christ Association Church ment of Jesus of the and Ours 768 Page C. Josephson....730 Your Folk, Marba reserved. Subrights Saints. All of Latter'day

scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance: 20c

single copy.

After Twenty Centuries Richard L. Evans 736 Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

"Be of Good Courage"Marba C. Josephson 736 mailingfor in sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917

authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible

Santa Came On Wheels LaRene K. Bleecker 718 tributions.for unsolicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts,mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconWhatsoever Ye Ask by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

As told to Vernessa M. Nagle by Louisa M. Stoddard 723 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Out of Nothing! REPRESENTATIVES

Theodore B. Lewis—Retold by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 725 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

The Message to Globe Roberta F. Clayton 729 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Frontispiece: Prismed Tree, A Day in the Temple, Helen K.

Leah Sherman 712 Orgill.725 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Poetry Page 731 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle.766 CIRCULATIONS

JhiL fovsuv this reminder broken, scene, old of of a better Christmas is a world peace now A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY The original to us the blessings of old land comes of a land. The in an and day new

from Jugoslavia, and is the work of Ante Kornic of Yugoslavia. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

CL jvuv emit vitaL book Jbi

J.PRESIDENT HEHEfl GRANT

TYPICAL EXCERPTS JL TELL you it is the duty of the PresiM OW I want to make all mistakes on idency of this Church to ask the people the side of mercy. But once in a

to do anything and evwhile I want to see juserything that the inspitice get just a little bit of ration of God tells them a chance among the to do."—Heber J. Grant. people."

—Heber J. Grant.

* HE Lord is no respecter of persons, and will give success to all SOME people think who work for it. If they are not appreciated

I can only impress upon and are not allowed sufthe minds of the youth ficient scope for usefulof Zion the eloquence, ness. There is but one

the inexpressible eloperson who can curtail quence of work, I shall feel fully rean individual's usefulness, and that is paid."Heber /. Grant. himself."—Heber ]. Grant.

The [our hundred pages within these covers, of which the above excerpts are typical, constitute one of the most significant books to be released in many years.

FF iiGOSPEL STANDARDS By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Every Church home, every American, will find that it speaks with inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom on the problems of our generation.

Just off the press in commemoration of Widtsoe, Richard L. Evans, and Marba C.

his eightyfifth birthday, this great new fosephson.

anthology of President Grant's own serThis vitally significant Church work is mons and writings was compiled by Dr. available now just in time for the Christ-

G. Homer Durham and edited by John A. mas season. Price: 2.25.

THE IMPROVEMENTavailable at ERA and At Bookdealers Everywhere (hi. QmphDvsmsunL sucl (pJuAJUacdiotL

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE 1481 SOUTH STATE TELEFACT

SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR COURT AUTOS CARRY MORE PASSENGER TRAFFIC and Strictly Modern New

Air in Conditioned Automatically Summer—

inHeated Furnished With FloorsWinter—BeautifullyCarpeted Tile Colored and Showers, 1928 """"""""""""iBETTER THAN THERadios BEST LESS FreeHOTELS—FOR

>oc

>"< >n< >i-></po< tn<- w Gift Perfect for Christmas..

o and every day i n * I I year 1940 a—nan the throughout

—dayCapture bythe daythrills

throughout the year—with a Revera or Bell & HowEACH SECTION REPRESENTS 50 MltLlON PASSENGER MtlES

102oJ ellCAMERA.HOME ECKER'SMOVIE SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

are headquarters oJ for these fine cameasier slicing and cut into thin pieces.

I eras and supplies. Exploring the Universe The slices are then spun through rotat-

n Christmas Special ( Concluded from page 705 ing dies and woven under pressure to 8x10 Portrait, handCpecial steels heated in an ammonia a compact steak of uniform thickness, cut. tinted in oils, in atmosphere have a very hard "nitwhich may be

leatherette surface. metallurgist folder. rided"made A is dinner the unsanitary to wipe Tt Only $4.95. his blade, safetyrazor sharpened A own to the of according dishes two word

it, it. nitrided the blade used and He the at research York workers New for daily reyears without over two Station. Agricultural State Experiment

sharpening. of the of number

after washing > Abacteriacount leftwasonmadethe dishes

PHOTOGRAPHIC /Grazing land well cared for is not and drying by various methods in hun- "* livestock, for clean to but only better best of tests. it dreds The way

larger small supports populations o 113 E. 2nd So. Dial 4-7809 g also of in water the dishes them was to wash

Fahrenheit 160 degrees birds. heated above 160acre comparison of two A

r&-* *flr* *$r* rTfir* oor* *cr* tir* *"f* *&* rinse them and for about land plots of overgrazed two minutes, with two plots once overgrazed but now recovin water equally hot for at least ten ering under careful management seconds. They then should be allowed

showed that ninetytwo compared to to dry without using a towel and be one hundred eightysix birds made their put away.

- in these plots and twelve comhomesJ/ua. y&aA. are now about thirty million HPhere species. fourteen pared to * fullblooded Indians throughout the 4.

More Than Ever Before 1. Cteaks woven from thin slices of Americas.

meat are tenderer than the usual Petals and all other parts of flowers type of steak according to a recent have been induced to form roots at

SEND AN U. S. patent. Meat is first cooled for the University of Michigan.

ERA AUTO TELEFACTINDUSTRY'S NORMAL SHARE OF U. S. MATERIALS

Subscription

3far (EljriatmaH RUBBER

LEAD

To your sons who are away—to your

friends and loved ones at home—keep NICKEL

them close to Church and home ties. (Use

COPPER the gift coupon on page 705.)

STEEL

EACH SYMBOL REPRESENTS 10% OF TOTAL CONSUMPTION 4JL OgU <J&-> tJgLv *JgL* JQL> J5L *JQL cJQL* SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION. 9-30

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

Darwin (left) and Doyle Symms are brothers and partners—two of the most

progressive apple growers I've talked to for many a day. In the Snake River Valley

of Idaho, near Caldwell, the Symms brothers have about 80 acres in apples.

And they're planting out new apple acreage every year—Black Jonathans, Red

Rome Beauties, Starking Delicious, and some Golden Delicious

%s4e cfjfitfH, tite

'\W"E BELIEVE that most fruit trees, particularly apple trees, start to get unprofitableW when they're about 25 years old.

—Youandjustyoudon'tmustseemhave toqualityget thefruitqualitythese fruitdays

to stay in business.

Three tractors and four trucks developed in Montana, Nebras- **Another thing we've noticed is that conare among the modern equipka, Kansas, Wyoming and even sumer preferences for apples change. Many ment used by the Symms brothers in California. A lot of our fruit

of the varieties planted 25 to 30 years ago are (photo shows Darwin at wheel is bought by food chains such as not so popular now, and they sell for less of tractor). "If a buyer wants Safeway. We have found the

than some of the newer varieties. fruit in a hurry and less than carSafeway people fair and square

"Consequently, we're carrying out a regular load lots we send it by truck,"to deal with, insisting on good program of new planting every year, selecting Darwin told me. "Another adquality but always willing to

new popular varieties and planting enough vantage of having trucks is that pay the going price or better.

acreage of each variety to allow us to ship in we can haul cheaper and quicker Both Doyle and I like to trade carload lots, like buyers mostly want. We're to towns not on the railroad at the Safeway stores in Caldwell

expanding our packing operation, too—buildmain lines. We truck about 50% and Nampa. We certainly do

ing a new packing shed. of our apples to markets we've appreciate the savings"

"By hard experience we've found that it doesn't pay to ship apples or other fruits on consignment. Nothing leaves our farm until

it is sold by phone can hold or wire. We

bushels if10,000 in underground storage we.Jill w.i/Inh i* i.m&-i**mV >;

believe the price is not just right.

"It pays to study fruit marketing and make good connections. (Doyle Symms worked a

year in a wholesale fruit house in Kansas City Bug them hy the bml todeal—learngivethe itbusiness.)careful consideration."Don't rush into any With advertising like this, the Symms brothers agree, Safeway

Told to Your Safeway Farm Reporter stores do a fine job of educating people to buy and eat more apples

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

the best part of the water supply has gone by unused before the first irrigaBy L. M. Winsor tion begins. Therefore, crop returns

Member o/ the Church Agricultural Advisory Committee are very materially reduced because of this grievous mistake in canal manageINimprovementsstudying the requirementsin the variousfor localLatoffectmoistureseedbed atis plantingto have thetime;subsoilthat itfullis ment.Many farmers have the idea that

terday Saint communities in the advisable to have the soil well supplied early water used on alfalfa holds the

West, it is concluded that better utilizwith barnyard fertilizer and plowed growth back. This is not always the

ing the limited water available for and harrowed at the right time so as case; but, if it were, it would still be a

irrigation is foremost. Until this year to provide a seedbed that will produce profitable practice to moisten the deeper

there has been carried forward during a near perfect stand and one that will soils thoroughly, while the water for the past eight or nine years in the nation, keep the crop growing in a thrifty condoing so is available. Most farmers

a persistent campaign for decreased dition up to maturity; and that it is in Utah and similar localities would

crop production. If there be any merit advisable to add only a moderate be shocked if they were made to realize

in such a program it certainly does not amount of water after planting. Some how dry the subsoil really is even after

apply to a community of small irrigated crops, such as grain, corn, maize, etc., a winter of reasonably heavy snowfall.

farms. Crop returns from a small irrihave been matured with only one irriIt is advised that each irrigator progated farm are little enough at best; gation after planting. As a matter of vide himself with a six foot soil auger,

and the only chance such a farmer has, fact, this is the rule rather than the made by welding a one inch or a one at successful operation, is to make every exception in many localities. and onefourth inch wood auger into a

acre that is being cultivated produce In order to make full use of the early fivefoot length of galvanized iron pipe, somewhere near its maximum capacity. runoff, it is necessary that canals and placing a handle on the other end, and

In most of our western communities ditches be cleaned in the fall, a practhat he use this auger to test the subsoil production is limited by the water suptice that has been reluctantly adopted for moisture and for texture characterply and the use that is made of it, rather in some parts of Utah and the West, istics, so that he will know what the than by a limited acreage. Therefore, and might be accepted by all communmoisture situation really is at the beit is imperative that the best possible ities to their advantage. It is a common ginning of the season and before and

use be made of the water available. practice to leave ditch cleaning until after each irrigation. It is the moisture

Usually there is a reasonably abunspring and until the other spring work that is stored in the second to fifth foot dant volume of water in early spring, is finished; and it is not at all excepof depth that will keep the crop growand a shortage in midseason. Retional to find dry spots appearing in the ing. The surface moisture is quickly

peated experiments and demonstrations field before the first water is available consumed or lost through evaporation.

have shown that early water can be to the users, many of whom would have The time of applying each late seastored in the deeper soils for late season used the early water if they had had the son irrigation and the amount of water use; that an essential feature of a peropportunity. Under such conditions ( Concluded on page 762

GLIDE UP to your favorite snow center this winter with the same ease your skis take you down over freshlypacked slopes! ([Standard Gasoline Unsurpassed gives

your driving that effortless sensation—of velvetsmooth

going—with plenty of power in reserve. You'll enjoy

quick starting, too, nO matter how snappy the weather.

<! So to get the biggest kick out of your winter motoring

jaunts -switch to and stick to Standard Unsurpassed!

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941 fi/aqhawL clJDiinq Said:

I'M THROUGH (From his public addresses, as recorded in the Journal o/ Discourses. The volume

and page are indicated after each quotation;

as also the year in which it was uttered.) tCnKTCHim

Compiled by Heber Q. Hale

I am responsible for the doctrine I teach; but I am not responsible for the

obedience of the people to that doctrine.—13:1 (1869).

Recreation and diversion are as necessary to our wellbeing as the more serious pursuits of life. There is not

a man in the world but what, if he kept at one branch of business or study, will become like a machine. Our pursuits should be so diversified as to develop every trait of character and

diversity of talent.—13:61 ( 1869).

Good sound sense teaches me never to judge a matter until I understand it.

Infidels should never pass their opinion with regard to the character of a Supreme Being until they know whether there is one or not. If this principle

were an article of the creed of the infidel world, I think that they would not be quite so skeptical as they are;

I think we should not meet with any person who would deny the existence of a Deity. "f\.A FELLOW has to be able to see beyond the neckyoke these days. This infidel looks around and sees The

the works of nature in all their diversity farm game is getting to be too much for horses. After doing some reading

... kind of a plan. Uncle Sam—the mountain piercing the clouds with and thinking, I got an idea in my head

its snowy peaks, the mighty river ferwants us to feed more hens and livestock. 'Why not trade the horses off

tilizing in its course to the sea, the and use the feed for poultry, cows and hogs?'I asked the wife. 'We'll have

valleys and plains in every direction, more money coming in all the time... extra meat, milk and eggs for the

the sun in his glory at midday, the table besides. There's a lot of hungry folks in this world we'll be helping to

moon in her silvery splendor, and the feed. We'll be doing our bit for Uncle Sam... and getting paid for it!'myriad organizations from man to the

minutest form of insect life, all giving "Well, sir, I discovered something. This tractor outfit gives me a whole

their most irrefutable evidence of a new system of farming. See those terraces? I built 'em myself at half the

designer and creator of infinite wiscost with my tractor discplow. Notice my big legume acreage? I'll turn

dom, skill and power; and yet he says that under for green manure next spring. That sod's too tough for horses.

isthere Deity, Supreme no no Ruler, We'll harvest some patches for seed with our ALLCROP HARVESTER.

all is result chance. the of blindbut

Now, here is a book called the Bible. "This tractor's our right hand man... grinds feed... even runs an

It is enclosed in what we call the cover, irrigation pump. I'm through scratching for a living. We'll leave that up

consisting of boards, paper, and leather. to the hens!"

Within the covers we see a vast amount of writing—syllables, words, and sentences. Now, if we say there never

was a person to compose, write, print, or bind this book, but that it is here wholly as the result of chance, we shall only give expression to the faith, if faith it can be called, of those who are termed infidels; in fact this is infidelity.

I do not want to say much about it it is too vain!—13:142-3 (1869). flJUISCHfljLMjERS

I will tell you who the real fanatics iiiiiitniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii muni immiiiiiiiiim falseare: they they are adopt who |= ALLISCHALMERSGentlemen:MFG.BetterCO.sendDepi.the following83, TractorFREEDivision.catalogsMilwaukee,checked.Wis.I farm facts,principles ideas to as and and try

establish a superstructure upon a false acres in County.

40 Units AllCrop Harvester Power 1-Row B the fanatics;foundation. are They for Tractor Tractor Crawler Harvester 60 AllCrop and 2-Row

zealous Implements. ardent 2-Plow Tractor Implements andhowever Deep Tillage they may CWCTractor QJ

argue reason and on may R. F. D. false Namebe—they

(Please Print) resultpremises the till doomsday, and

State Town will be false.—13:271 (1870). fliiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilllllllilllimim mi ii,; 1 1 [in i ii 1 iilllillllllillllilllllllllllillllllliiliMllillllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiHItiiilllillllllllMIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIi711

Photo by ]eano Orlando.

fi/uAmsut Jajul 67 month my window frames a prismed tree; JHIS Now red and gold and bronze dance in the sun:

But soon it will look starkly back at me,

The ravishness of beauty quickly done.

Crisp shadows splatter on the building wall

By LEAH In flashing miniatures of black and white.

is pictured so I may recall SHERMAN The whole

Its sharp awareness through a snowbound night.

The diamondstudded sky that covers up

The trismed tree, while winds are at their ease

Is but completion of the brimming cup

God holds aloft, in His desire to please.

O prismed tree! your beauty reaches out

A truth that leaves no boundaries of doubt I

"flam, in, JthsL Jhicksd!'

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

HThe story of a financial sacrifice, which response to a call to go on a mission to japan turned to a great blessing.

1901, I was permitted by President Lorenzo I answered: "Yes, I did, but there was one adINSnow to take a vacation to visit Pacific Grove, ditional word."

California, where my wife, my mother, several "What was it?"

of my daughters, and my only living grandchild at "If."

that time ( now Mrs. Lucy Taylor Andersen ) were He said: "Well, then, you are not now free

located for several months. I spent a couple of financially?"

weeks with them, to be there to celebrate the I answered: "No, I owe a few dollars."

eightieth anniversary of my mother's birth.* He then asked: "What would you have to sacThe next day after returning to Salt Lake and rifice to go to Japan for three years?"

attending the regular weekly meeting of the Presi- "A little over $5,000.00 a year."

dency and Apostles in the temple, President George He then answered: "Can you afford to lose

Q. Cannon announced, "We have decided to open $15,000?"

a mission in Japan."And the moment he said it, I answered: "Yes, sir."

it came to me as plain as though a voice spoke, He continued to ask me questions for about ten "You will be called to preside there."minutes, trying to find out my condition, and I

At this time I was owing a little over $100,000. avoided him.

I had two wives, neither one having a home; my I had made the promise to myself that I would

mother's home was mortgaged at that time for accept the mission and make no excuses, and as $3,000.00. Everything I had would not pay my inBrother Snow was talking the thought came to me:

debtedness within $25,000 or $30,000. "It is not an excuse to tell your condition finan-

I thought: "I cannot go to Japan, seeing that I cially,"and I remarked to myself, "Shut up, Mr.

will lose a little over $5,000.00 a year income."Devil, if I should tell my condition financially

But I also remembered that at one time I had been there isn't a man in this room that would let me go over $100,000 worse off than nothing, and it was to Japan. That is the best excuse I could possibly

miraculous the way the Lord had blessed me to make."

be in a condition that I was now only $25,000 or Finally Brother Snow remarked: "Well, Heber,

$30,000 worse off than nothing. I thought to mywe will give you a whole year to fix up your affairs

self I would be ashamed not to go on a mission, the best you can, preparing to go on this mission, if I were wanted, in view of the marvelous blessbut we want you to start right away, devoting all ings in the reduction of my financial obligations. I your time to arranging your financial affairs and

thought to myself: "I will accept the mission, and get ready to go as soon as you can."

under no circumstances will I make any excuse After the meeting was dismissed and we were whatever. I owe it to the Lord to go where He going to the elevator, John W. Taylor said to me:

wants me to go in consideration of the marvelous "Heber, don't go out with the brethren when we way He has helped me to cancel the great majority get downstairs; I want to say something to you."

of my obligations."After all the brethren were gone, and we were

President Cannon talked for twentyfive minstanding at the west door, he said: "Heber, you

utes. I thought: "Will he never announce that I have made a financial sacrifice today that is the

am to be made president of the Japanese Mission?"equal, financially speaking, of Abraham offering up

He then said: "We hear that Brother Grant has Isaac. The Lord accepted the offering and proovercome all his great financial difficulties and has vided the ram in the thicket to save Isaac. The

announced that he is going to take a trip around Lord has accepted your offering. I know your

the world to celebrate his financial freedom, and condition financially, and I prophesy that you shall we have decided to stop him half way around at be blessed of the Lord and make enough money

Japan, to preside."to go to Japan a free man financially."

He sat down, and President Lorenzo Snow said: I had just made a calculation a short time before

"Brother Grant, did you make that statement?"that with the small income my wife was making

*An account of the interesting circumstances of this visit by doing a little typewriting, of $30.00 a month,

was published on page 585 of the Era of October, 1941. in her very limited spare (Continued on page 765)

LET NOT YOUR HEART

By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY * 4 t et not your heart be

troubled: ye believe in of the First Presidency

god, believe also in me."

(John 14:1)

lence, and Death—are galloping '"Phere are many things as a Church

seemingly unchecked. The daily for which we should be grateful kucH were the words press announced recently—"the and hopeful, and I am going to name

given by Jesus to His greatest battle of annihilation in all some of these.Apostles justSat the conclusion of the history."Freedom of the individual

Last Supper. If He could offer to speak, to act, and to work is beChurch Conditions

such consolation on that solemn ocing shackled. Systems of governConditions were never more favorable

casion, facing betrayal and death ment heretofore advocated as the or more promising in the Church than best today. Priesthood never safest for were quorums are and mankindas was, that sure He I am would He

are today. active they than as groups more questioned. being truths, Religioussay the to the same today, people presidencies are sensing of quorums More sacred, held once doubted, are now feel ofmany discouraged whom and officers, responsibilities their presiding as

distressed. The Savior also gave ridiculed, or rejected. In some parts and as a result are striving more earnestly

an antidote to trouble, which is beof the world, even hell itself seems to set their quorums in order.

associations auxiliary show progress The loose, broken to have spreadinglief in faith in God. Absolute

the line. along terror, in hatred, its wake. all and death willChrist drive will out fear and over Relief Society, numbering The

alleviate sorrow. We have a beauNow as never before we should put ninety thousand, now extends to all Lattertiful hymn written by Sister Woodour trust in God, "stand fast in the day Saint women the opportunity for service through development comes which and faith, like quit ourselves men, be thatmansee, that expresses thought:

officers this the society, in and membership strong."

nine the at 1941 that of the year end hope drear dark skies the and appear,When topsyturvi- the their ranks, Notwithstanding join will thousand more women thee enthrall, doubt would And their to increasing thus one membership generally, the of ness I bring world fear, the up, nor is near,Look day year. centennial the thousand hundred by to of encouragement, is a all. a word you Providence over And

cheer, of note a message of hope and Tithing It is true the world is passing I faith. say this first because I have

through a period of transition, of faith in the overruling power of As we heard yesterday, the tithes of the increase encouraging people a most show tosorrow, of despair. and many, littleProvidence. his through Man, preyear, over last over any and indeed, being are subjectedNations his rejection to ness, the of through year. vious

tyranny.Horsemen—War,The fourFamine,devastatingPestiness,Gospel,bringshis selfishnesscontention andand weakstrife Fast Offerings

upon himself. He is, as Emerson Fast offerings also reflect a more general

says, adherence to this important phase of

A divinity in disguise. A god playing Church policy and true Christian practice.

fool. the sent as It seems if heaven had The Church Welfare Plan

its into to angels insane our world as an asylum, and here they will break out into Many of you heard the program given their native music and utter at intervals by the Church Welfare Committee. The

the words they have heard in heaven. Then Church Welfare Plan was organized just

the mad fit returns and they mope and five and a half years ago, the underlying wallow like dogs. purpose of which is threefold, viz.:

(1) To supply in a helpful and digBut a wise Father will work out nifiedto everymannerperson food,so in need.clothing and shelter

of men's mistakes and blunders (2) To assist men and women who, greater blessings than they might through misfortune, ill luck, or disaster, find themselves gainful without employobtained with their have own wisest selfsupporting; again to become once foresight. clouds Gloomy often ment,and

hang heavily about us, but the rains (3) To increase among the members of that descend from them often prove the Church the true spirit of the brother- a blessing. So it may be with the hood of Christ, having in mind in all their

ominous clouds lowering today over serviceye have thedonedivineit untosaying,one of"Inasmuchthe least asof civilization. these my brethren, ye have done it unto

I do not believe in the advocacy me."The plan is not something new, but

of discouragement and gloom; betrather a means of uniting along well estabter, the gospel of Hope. Remember, lished lines quorum, auxiliary, and ecclesithe Church of Christ is established astical groups in their efforts to serve one

never more to be thrown down or stakes,another bishopricsand the Church.of wards,Presidenciesquorum offiof

given to another people. The Goscials, Relief Society officers now work

pel has not yet been preached to unitedly instead of independently in giving every nation, kindred, tongue, and relief and helpfulness to those who merit people, and I am sure that the Lord assistance.tion in the Theecclesiasticalonly modificationorganizationsor addiof

will open up the way for the conthe Church is the uniting of several stakes summation of His purposes. in what is called a region.

BE TROUBLED

cedure has been followed by a number when unexpressed and smouldering, results. excellent of bishoprics Part with

it surely individual as Christ'the approaching time an consumes of FOR these of accomplished the work by men scenes grievous mas, amid of it flame. into bursts Hate when the loading unloading of as and has been

trouble, this invitation to "be good of It justifeeds wheat. cars envy. of prompts and hundred than on two more As

is cheer"welcome message a among it is activities, estimated result of these a it looks fies conquest; unrighteous It the the voices depressing day. of onethird fully produced has that been more the in lives others; in for weaknesses is delivered address before an from since other years than 1941, during during

the semiannual false112th conference of iniquity feeds of on realm and inaugurated. Plan the was Welfare

the LatterChrist Jesus Church of of it hater injures the slander; further important development has hood and A Saints, Salt SatTabernacle, Lake day closer the cooperation the between been It "is hated. the than even more at 4, 10 a. 1941, urday, m. October organizations, the Society Relief ward divider, all mightiest things the of

committees, Priesthood the and Welfare quorums. Closer association of the brethnay, is division itself."

ren and sisters in Welfare work has prepared the way to meet more efficiently War a Result oe Rejecting the

Number of Persons Now Engaged any emergencies that may arise in the fuGospel

The latest report (furnished upon request ture. "Dejection of the Gospel of love,

shows Eardley) Elder Roscoe by that there European Missions which is the Gospel of Jesus Committees serving are on Welfare now 9,754 persons; that there are 83 storehouses As we heard yesterday, encouraging Christ, brought on the World War

already completed or in process of being word comes even from our branches in that began in 1914, with what rebuilt; that during 1941, and still active, wartorn Europe. In Great Britain the sult? "Seven million men killed,

projects; that are 1,590 there quorum publication, Millennial 173 historic The Star, twenty million wounded, five million built quo1939-40 with during were as it homes has been pracis issued every week,

rum assistance, and 92 thus far during tically every week since 1840. of whom were maimed and crippled

1941. for life. Six million men imprisoned.

of the interesting development WelAn million in Europe enumerating go on women Twenty We might 1941 was: fare during Plan of their own. progress the evidencing deprived of a home

Fr'rsr, persons had conditions of number who The been working on Churchdirected projects in the Church, but time will not perCountless millions who suffered who found employment in defense and primit. privations in the trenches, and in

vate industry, In the light of all these facts, and lonely homes of the poor. Fifty

of faithful number Second, The increased sisters, many others we might mention, are billion dollars worth of material and Relief Society members, quorum and others who donated their labors to we not justified in having our souls property destroyed. One hundred

carry the Welfare Plan forward. lifted, our hearts encouraged, and billion dollars to provide for the cost

Of such voluntary service you heard our hopes brightened? Our plain of the war and interest."

some encouraging examples. Here are duty is to move forward with a deHatred smouldering in the hearts others

During the first eight months of 1941 in termination to do what the Lord reof Germans against men and nations the Salt Lake Region, 1,055 persons were quires of us, "to deal justly, to love (Concluded on page 764) assisted by personal Welfare Committees mercy, and to walk humbly with our

Priesthood of Quorums, Ward Work DiGod."

rectors, Employment Welfare and Church

Proportionately Departments. good recin- The Gospel of Love ords have been made by other regions,

cluding Northern Utah, which centers at

Ogden; Southern California, which cen- A bsolute trust in the Lord will

ters at Los Angeles, and Eastern Idaho, awaken a desire, at least, to try which centers at Idaho Falls. to live in accordance with Christ's

projects to the 1,590 quorum In addition

Priesthood groups have teachings, chief of which is to love, already named, been organized to assist at storehouse cennot hate one another. Now, as perters and on other projects under the direchaps never before, all men and estion of the regions. Assistance has been pecially Latterday Saints should

of meetinghouses, building in the given erected, preach and practice the gospel of buildings already of the renovating and in beautifying public grounds. love, and decry, as well as deplore,

During the past three months, in the Salt manifestations of illwill and hate.

Lake Region, 926 Priesthood quorum members have donated labor at Welfare Square, He that hateth his brother is in darkness, and 1,500 Relief Society workers have and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not assisted in preserving foods for storing. whither he goeth, because that darkness

Men and women, eager to help, have somehath blinded his eyes.

times traveled great distances. For example, five Relief Society workers living In answer to a lawyer's question,

one hundred thirtysix miles distant from which is the great commandment in their cannery, the came at Regional own the law, Jesus answered in one word, thirtystake, Sisters from another expense.

five to sixty miles away from the cannery, "Love,"and then He specifically came on a number of occasions, supplying stated whom we should love; first,

their own transportation and bringing their the Lord "with all thy heart, and included not lunches. This group own only with all thy soul, and with all thy workers the Relief number Society but a

of younger women of the Young Women's mind"; and, second, "thy neighbor

Mutual Improvement Association, accomas thyself."

panied by their Stake and Ward officers. The opposite of love is hate. As

stake summer, the past During presiChrist is the personification of love,

Priesthood dents, quorum accompanied by members have come to Welfare Square to so Satan is the embodiment of hate.

work on Welfare projects. The same proHate is cruel and vicious; even

JhsL HISTORICAL BACKGROUND

the far distant past before the By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

INfoundations of this earth were Of the Council of the Twelve laid, a grand council was held in heaven. At that council plans

were perfected and an organization be the man, in the last dispensation of this he shall know that he is of thy house; for

world, forth the to bring shall word to he the nursed be of God king's daughter, by formed for the government of this the people, receive fulness the of the and shall called son. and be her earth its during mortal probation. of the keys and power the Priesthood of I again, will a seer And raise upOur Eternal Father, knowing the end Son of God. The Lord had His eyes upon the fruit of thy loins, and unto him outwill ofI

him, father, his and his upon upon and give to forth bring power from the unto word beginning, my chose from father, father's their progenitors and upon loins; the seed to of thy the not bringand the among spirits those to His be to clear back Abraham, from and ing Abraham forth of only, saith the Lord, word my rulers and to assist prophets in carryflood, to the the flood from to Enoch, the and to but of convincing them word, my

ing through His eternal purposes on from Enoch to Adam. He has watched the which shall have already gone forth among

this earth in relation to the final desfamily and that blood as it has circulated them in the last days;

its fountain the to birth from that of man. fruit the loins of shall Wherefore thy tiny of men. All this rethe Lord in foreordained eternity to preHe was write, fruit loins and the of the of Judah to vealed Abraham, declared who this last side dispensation. over (Journal of shall write; shall that written and which be

that among these assembled spirits Discourses 7:289) by the fruit of thy loins, and also that which

were "many of the noble and great shall be written by the fruit of the loins of ones."Joseph, son of Jacob, spoke of Judah, shall grow together unto the conof false doctrines, founding laying and Joseph Smith and named him more these And souls saw that God they were contentions, of establishing and down peace centuries than sixteen before the good, in he stood and the midst of them, fruit loins, the of thy bringing among and

said: he I and will These rulers; make my to their in fathers them of a knowledge

for he stood those that among spirits, were the days; to also the and knowledge and he that they saw good; were he and of covenants, saith the Lord. mylatter said unto me: art Abraham, thou of one shall of out be weakness he And made them; thou wast chosen before thou wast strong, in that shall day when work go my born. (Pearl Price, Great of 3: Abraham all forth people, shall which among my

23) restore Israel, them, the of of are house who last in the days. Abraham the was not only

I bless, that seer will they that and And prophet thus selected before he to was seek shall destroy be confounded; him

born. Similar information is refor this promise I give unto you; for I will

corded of Jeremiah and other remember you from generation to generation; his shall and be called Joseph, name prophets, and have good reason we

it shall after be father; his of and the name

to believe that all the prophets were shall for thing you; the he be like unto and

likewise called and foreordained. which the Lord shall bring forth by his

In this grand council, Michael hand shall bring my people unto salvation.

was chosen to come as the progenitor wouldAnd preservethe Lord swarehis seeduntoforJoseph,ever, saying,that he of the human family and to bring I will raise up Moses, and a rod shall be in mortality into the world. Jesus his hand, and he shall gather together my

Christ was chosen to come in the people, and he shall lead them as a flock,

Meridian of Time to redeem man withand hehisshallrod.smite the waters of the Red Sea

from the mortal state, and, on conAnd he shall have judgment, and shall dition of repentance and faithfulness write the word of the Lord. And he shall

to the eternal plan, to extend redempnot speak many words, for I will write unto tion from individual sin. Abraham AN EARLY PORTRAIT OF JOSEPH SMITH Andhim myI willlawmakeby thea spokesmanfinger of myforownhim,hand.and

appointed towas the "fabecome shall his called be Aaron. name birth of Lord, his glorious our and ther of faithful,"the it shall last unto in thee the be the done and And mission his foreshadowed was and I also, as even days have sworn. Thereoffounder of Israel. the house Moses greatness declared fore, his worthy by this said brethren, unto Joseph God to chosen Israelwas lead from

visit will surely bring you, and of out Israel, you in of son the following words:Egyptian bondage, and Smith Joseph this land, the land unto he which sware

to stand at the head of the greatest A seer shall the Lord my God raise up, unto Abraham, and unto Isaac, and to shall fruit a be seer choice the unto who Jacob. allof dispensations, that the Fulof loins. of thy confirmed other things Joseph And many ofness Times. the fathers of Thus Lord God my his brethren, unto took oath the of an and

this In council, I grand inunto me, will raise choice seer out are up we saithA Israel, children of saying them, unto God fruit of the of loins, shall thy he and beformed, "the stars will tovisit morning surely sang shall you, carry and ye up highly fruit esteemed loins, the of thy among bones from hence. (Holy Scriptures gether, my all the sons and of God his brethren; will unto and him I give com50:2637) Gen. for joy,"shouted because they were that shall for the mandments he do a work

to receive the privilege of coming to fruit of thy loins. In this manner the Lord spoke to

to bring he shall the them And knowledgethis earth and of partake all the son Joseph, of Jacob, and we have

I of the covenants which have madevicissitudes of mortality, with lived fulfilled. fraught to see these words father; shall thy and he whatsoever dowith such glorious and momentous work

possibilities. AndI Ishallwill commandmake him him.great in mine eyes, fT IHis choice seer has been menSpeaking of the appointment of for he shall do my work; and he shall be tioned by other ancient prophets

I I like great unto his said also him declared have have work. who whom in thisJoseph Smith council, grand

raise to deliver would you, unto peoup my Isaiah declared that in the of daysPresident said: Brigham has Young ple, Israel, of the house out of land of O this seer, the people closed when had in the I councils decreed for of will eternity, It was seer a raise to Egypt; deliver up

long before the foundations of the earth my people out of the land of Egypt; and their eyes, and had rejected the

were laid, that he, Joseph Smith, should he shall be called Moses. And by this name prophets, and covered the seers, the

oL Uul PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH

work of this choice seer would commoved to Topsfield and there bethis the influential author of highly informaof member the an came would mence, Lord and The tive impressive sketch and family rehightly was community and... forth the of a unto bring words you is the greatgreat grandson Joseph of positions several holding spected, the shall of them words they be book; and Fielding Senior, Smith, Smith Joseph

slumbered. have which nine father of trust. the of was He the the Council Twelve, and of of

sealed; shall the and behold be book And children. Historian. tracing This back Church

shall in the revelation be God, from a book at to roots ageold the prepared was son, born Samuel, His was Janthe the the beginning to from of world authorities request the Brigham of of of 26, one 1714, became and uary thereof. ending presentation University for Young

the things of which influential citizens because Wherefore of the Masmost at the the dedication Joseph of new the are sealed things up, are sealed which his part greater of sachusetts. The building at the on Smith campus

the in shall the of delivered not be day is 16, It 1941. Provo, October a in of life service the the spent was people. of the abominations wickedness and with and fardocument warm human the of In people. the days stormy shall the from kept be Wherefore, book implications, reaching not only for

lot them. his cast Revolution he American the family but Smith every for memdelivered shall the unto a But be book 1 forces. Colonial 760 the with From all the ber men, for of Church—and shall the the deliver of he man, and words restored the reach, Gospel must constantly whom the to year 1783, he was are the of those book, which words who the fit as has to seen bring even Lord country. service in his of the He shall dust; in the have slumbered he and

it to earth again lineage the through the deliver another, Court, these the General words but unto of a member was the Smiths. of

that shall are deliver, sealed words he not for Representatives, of or House... neither shall the deliver book. he to delegate terms. a four was He it to shall the pass, that again come And

Lord shall say unto him that shall read the the Provincial Congress at Concord, words that shall be delivered him, Forasin 1774 and again in 1775, and he much as this people draw near unto me bore arms during the Revolution.

their lips with their with mouth, and do He married Priscilla, daughter of their hearts me, honour but have removed far from me, and their fear toward me is Zacheus Gould. His wife died

taught by the precepts of men, therefore I shortly after the birth of their son will proceed to do a marvellous work among Asael. Samuel married again, the

this people; yea, a marvelous and work a cousin of his first wife, also named

for of their wonder; wise and the wisdom

learned shall perish, and the understanding Priscilla. At his death in November,

tures—Inspiredof the prudent Revision—Isa.shall be hid. 29:1114,(Holy Scrip26) him1785,in thetheseSalemwords;Gazette spoke of

Many other prophets have spoken Died—At Topsfield, on Monday, the 14th

of the work of this modern seer, but instant, Samuel Smith, esquire. So amiable

we need not take time to quote them. and worthy a character as he evidendy

will private, in public both appeared, and given is here what From we see precious. ever the render of him memory that to Smith chosen was Joseph the of represented years he For a number

stand at the head of the work of the town in the General Court, where he was

Lord in the last days, and his work esteemed a man of integrity and uprightwas assigned to him through the ness. His usefulness among those with

conversant immediately he was more whom friend to eminent. a sincere foreknowledge of our Eternal Fawas He was

ther in the eternities before he was the liberties of his country, and a strenuous

Christianity. of for the doctrines spirit advocate born. in the of He came Elias MEMORIAL COTTAGE AND MONUMENT,

blessed. of the just be The memory JOSEPH SMITH'S BIRTHPLACE, VERMONT. for to prepare the coming the way

of our Lord. No prophet since the

days of Adam, save, of course, our Smith was a descendant of Robert A sael, grandfather of the Prophet,

Redeemer, has been given a greater Smith who came from England in was born in Topsfield, March mission, but of that mission it is not 1638. We have no record of Rob- 7, 1 744. He married Mary Duty of

my place to speak. I am dealing ert's parents, but President George Windham, New Hampshire, and

only with the historical phases of A. Smith once said that the Prophet later moved to that place. During

that mission. had declared that the family was the Revolution he followed his honJoseph Smith was born in Sharon, related to Captain John Smith of ored father, and served faithfully

Windsor County, Vermont, Decemearly American history. Some slight with the Colonial forces. After the

ber 23, 1805. He was the third son indication of this is found in the fact death of his father he returned to

and fourth child of Joseph and Lucy that Robert Smith came from that Topsfield and made his home on the

Mack Smith. His parents were depart of Lincolnshire where Captain family estate, where some of his

vout, humble believers in the mission John Smith was born. children were born, notably, Joseph,

of our Lord. Joseph's mother was Robert landed in Boston and a father of the Prophet.

the daughter of Solomon Mack and few years later moved to Rowley Asael was a man of liberal views.

Lydia Gates. Solomon's grandand purchased one hundred eight He had outstanding literary ability.

father was born in Inverness, Scotacres of land in that part which later Some of his views, far in advance land, March 6, 1853. The Mack became the township of Boxford. of his time, have come down to us

and Gates families were wellre- He married Mary French, daughter and are cherished by members of the spected in their communities and of Thomas and Mary French. They family. He was very frank and outseveral members had distinguished were the parents of ten children spoken and wrote the things he

themselves in the Revolutionary Samuel, son of Robert, was born firmly believed, without fear or favor.

War. January 26, 1 866. He married ReMany years before his death he

On his paternal side, Joseph becca, daughter of John Curtis and (Continued on page 762)

Santa came on wheels I.T was early in DecemBy They cain't go barefoot this kind o'

ber when Father first told us of his weather,"Grandma said, looking at job at the logging camp. I was sitLARENE KING him accusingly.

ing between my two brothers on the Father paced the floor, while outlong, rough slab seat near the fireBLEECKER side the wind blew. Suddenly he

place. A back log blazed on the turned, and there Was a strange

andirons, and the flames leaped up light on his face. "The children will

the chimney with a cheery sound. have shoes to wear by Christmas

Outside, in the early winter evening, day,"he said. "I promise you this."

the snow was white on the ground, Mother and Aunt Margaret sat and the quaking aspens made a very still, looking reverently up at dark wall against the clearing. Father's face. Grandma, however,

p "Hoggan's Sawmill is such a got up briskly and began to clear long way, John. It must be sixty the table.

miles, or more,"said Mother, wip- "Even the Lord cain't get shoes ing her eyes on the corner of her if there's none to get,"she declared, apron. snipping each word off as though

"Will you be able to come home her voice were a pair of sharp scisfor Christmas, Father?"I asked. sors.

The baby climbed up on Father's When Father left, Mother, knee and stared into his face with Grandma, and Aunt Margaret went serious blue eyes. Grandma sniffed, with him as far as Cove Fort.

and Aunt Margaret sat silent with The sun had gone down by the her lips moving. time they got back. The boys had

Father looked at the letter. "It milked the cow and carried in the

says here I'll have to be there by wood, while Adelaide and I had the steaming in the ketthe eighteenth—that means I'll have germade mush

to leave right way."tle all ready to be served. Mother

He thrust the letter back into his brought home some molasses, so we coat pocket. A little pulse throbbaked scones on the iron griddle,

bed at the top of his long pointed and had a great feast.

jaw. "I'll be away until April, perGrandma made a great show of

haps longer. Do you boys think you hiding a package in her steamer

can take care of things?"trunk. We all wondered what was

"They're too young,"said Grandin it, and our eyes were so wide with ma, rocking back and forth enercuriosity that she said, "You'll find 'f you're getically, 'Peter sixteen—Alan out at Christmas, mebbie,

fourteen. Pshh!"SUDDENLY HE TURNED, AND good."

"We'll get along all right,"Peter THERE WAS A STRANGE LIGHT answered, his red face gleaming in ON HIS FACE. x he next week the boys

the firelight. worked at the woodpile, cutting and

"Sure we will,"said Alan, with all was sitting by Aunt Margaret. Lina sawing the logs into even lengths,

the earnestness of a fourteenyear was the cow. and piling them end to end against

old. 'You certainly did,"Father said, the adobe wall, under the eaves of

"Adelaide and I can pick up poturning toward the fire and spreadthe house. Every night Mother

tatoes,"I boasted. ing his strong, brown hands to the would spin by the light of pine

Everyone laughed, and for a moblaze. torches we held for her, the fine

ment the tension was broken, for "Did you get our shoes today, linsey cloth for our Christmas they were remembering how my Papa?"queried matterof-fact Adedresses. Mine and Adelaide's were

little sister and I had had our feet laide. to be made just alike. The warp

and hands frostbitten while pickFather shook his head. "Webb was white, and the filling blue and

ing up potatoes for the neighbors. had no shoes in children's sizes. red. The pattern was to be three

As our share, we got every fourth I'm sorry,"he added, seeing the stripes of blue and two of red. They

sack. worried look in Mother's eyes. He were to be made with tight waist?

"Just think of two little girls, eight spread his arms in a gesture of and plain full skirts, and we were and ten, earning our winter potafinality. Then seeing us all staring very proud of the effect.

toes,"Mother said, as though she at him as though he were somehow Adelaide and I had gathered hops could never get over the wonderto blame, he strode about the room that summer and sold them for ment of it. kicking Grandma's braided rug out enough calico for three aprons.

"We got enough for Lina too,"of the way. Mother's was to be pink and white,

piped up Adelaide, from where she "What on airth will they wear? Grandma's blue, and Aunt Mar718

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

and Grandma patted her on the arm, then looked up fiercely at us children: "Don't gawp,"she warned us.

There were tears in her bright, black eyes. "Put your slates away and we'll read for a change,"said Aunt Margaret in a cool voice. "Daphne, you

may read 'The Captain's Dauqhter.

"Oh, please—mayn't I read about

Piccola's Christmas?"

"Oh, yes, yes!"clamored Adelaide, "Piccola hadn't a thing for

Christmas, so the good Kris Kringle put a tiny bird in her shoe."

Grandma sniffed. She said we

were as bad off as this Piccola, so we might as well get prepared. One

thing, she said, Piccola did have shoes, at which Mother's shoulders shook harder than ever. Just as

I was turning the pages of the reader,

Peter bust into the room, his face red with excitement.

"A fire!"he yelled. "There's a

fire at Baldy Rimm's place!"

He ran back out with all of us trailing after him, and pointed west toward the deserted Rimm cabin.

There, shining as plain as a star, was the red glow of a fire.

Who could they be? Had they

come to settle? Perhaps they were

homesteaders like ourselves. We

danced up and down and hallooed with our hands cupped to our mouths, but only the echoes came back from the timbered wall. A

wedge of sky, starstudded, shone

FALL, KNITTING LET HER MOTHER AND of all, we liked the story of Jesus above the black line of trees. Our LAP. FACE BURIED HER IN GRANDMA'S

which Aunt Margaret was saving shrill voices challenged the wolves at the of the clearing edge and close to read to us again on Christmasgaret's red. were working We by, cougar a a snarling gave cry. Eve. in crossstitch designsthem in rose

leaf pattern. We hid them away in In order to keep us from thinkThe ruff on Coalie's back stiffened.

an Indian basket Grandma had once ing too much about Father, Aunt "Quick! Inside!"Aunt Margaret

given me. It was hanging on a Margaret often held school at night. called. "Be quiet!"Her voice was

rafter above our bed. After the "Might as well teach 'em here at very stern.

dishes were washed and the brass home,"Grandma said, "They have As we ran toward the house, I kettles polished, we would climb up no shoes to go elsewhere."took hold of Mother's hand and she

the ladder and sit crosslegged on One night we were sitting at the held it tightly in hers.

the bed and sew until Mother called long, pine table doing arithmetic. Once inside, Aunt Margaret slid

us to help with supper. We could hear the wind in the chimthe draw across the iron latch and

The boys were making Christmas ney, while every few moments Lina, dropped the clamp. Mother's face

gifts down in the campers'cabin, the cow, would give a long, drawnwas chalky white; Aunt Margaret's

We often played guessing games to out moo. The dog, Coalie, kept thin lips were pressed tightly while

trap them into telling us what they trotting to the door and then back to the little brackets on each side of were making, but they were too the hearth. Grandma's mouth were curved

shrewd to get caught. Finally Peter laid down his slate downward like a horseshoe.

With everyone so busy, we didn't and pencil, put on Father's old mackPeter said we'd better keep the mind the loneliness of Father's abinaw, and went outside. Coalie folfire low just in case the campers

sence so much. Every night Aunt lowed him out, sniffing at the sleeves might turn out to be those treachMargaret read to us from the Bible. of the jacket as though he knew the erous Navajoes. He stood up

We loved the stories of David, and smell of Father's clothes. straight and tall, his nostrils flaring,

Samuel, and Joseph in Egypt. It Mother let her knitting fall, and his brown eyes squinting. How very

seemed as though they were real buried her face in Grandma's lap. much he looked like Father! All at

boys like Peter and Alan. But best Her shoulders moved up and down (Continued on page 759)

NATIVITY SIGNS 9*l (pcdsLbthuL emit Bul (hvuUuxaA.

A COMPARATIVE STUDY Thetherecordscope ofwouldthe signsindicateattendantthat aboutFurthermore,to be deliveredthe flight ofof theher Holyson.

B. BALL Family into faraway Egypt and an upon Christ's birth was far By ISAAC

greater in the Western Hemisphere enforced residence there until Herthan in the Holy Land. The Magi od's death was another seeming misand the shepherds alone are menfortune which was overruled for

tioned as beholders of those manigood. During those years of abfestations in the New Testament, sence what little talk of the manithough probably Mary and Joseph festations may have reached Nazare understood likewise to have seen areth would have had time to quiet

and heard these wonders. In Nedown and perhaps die out comDhitic lands, however, the entire i 1 %& 'A pletely.

population not only saw the new night, lighted but star and the had of:V-f $S Y, '"Turning now to the Book of Morbeen excitedly looking forward to mon record we discover three unthese signs for five years because of a usual and instructive features asremarkable prophecy. The Book of sociated with the birth of the Christ.

Mormon records are clear upon One is a demonstration of the sad these points. but now wellknown fact that a uniThe statement that few if any beversal miracle does not result in a

sides the Magi saw the new star in general improvement in the moral the Eastern Hemisohere may not character of the people. Everyone

be commonly accepted because it in the lands of the Nephites saw the runs counter to the views or assumpstar and the night that was light as tions of the majority of Christians. day. Thus they all had proof of the

But Herod and his court had not divine truth of the prophecies. Yet

seen the new star when the wise how fleeting was the effect of this men from the east came to Jerusalem, greater works to the Nephites beupon the nation as a whole! Indeed

saying, "Where is he that is born cause of their greater faith. so great grew the moral and social

King of the Jews?"Matthew tells But another and probably more degradation of the Nephites that

us that Herod called the wise men potent reason that so few Jews bewithin some thirtyodd years from privily and "enquired of them diliheld the manifestations given at the this time they brought down upon gently what time the star appeared."Savior's birth, was the evident need themselves those unspeakable devasAnd apparently the wise men that He remain unrecognized until tations during the three days of

themselves had lost sight of the guidthe time for His announcement. darkness preceding the Savior's

ing star when they thus made inTo have been an object of curiministry in the land Bountiful. Herequiry at Jerusalem. Matthew again osity for thirty years not only would in lies one more illustration of the

relates that as they left the presence have rendered a normal developinsight of Christ's parable wherein of the king, and departed on their ment of the divine personality somethese words are put into the mouth way they saw the star which they what of a problem, but would have of Father Abraham, "If they hear had seen in the East, and "it went brought incessant persecutions to all not Moses and the prophets, neither before them, till it came and stood connected with His care, and likely will they be persuaded though one over where the young child was. death in childhood to Jesus. The rose from the dead."

When they saw the star they reinstant effort of Herod to destroy Another unusual event connected joiced with exceeding great joy."the Christ Child as soon as a single with the signs in the Americas is

The question is pertinent: why word of Him reached that tyrant the peculiar period of national exwere so few Jews privileged to see may serve as an illustration of the pectancy and turmoil during the five

these signs? wisdom—nay, utter need, that His years that preceded His birth.

One ready answer will occur to identity should be hidden. This singular period came about

all: the Jews were in deeper aposServing this same purpose of very naturally. It was the direct

tacy than were the Nephites. In clothing His identity in secrecy it is result of a startling public announcesupport of this we may point to the worth noting that Bethlehem, where ment by Samuel the Lamanite from

many miracles among the Nephites his advent was noted, was far rethe top of the walls of the capital during these years, and to their moved in those days of little and city. This notable character first demighty prophets, Second and Third slow travel from Nazareth where nounced the corruption of the

Nephi, and Samuel the Lamanite. He was to be reared. All to good morals and called for repentance

Judea furnished no counterparts to purpose, as it turned out, did Joseph and then declared that within five these powerful spiritual leaders of find it necessary to go to Bethlehem years from that day the signs, a new the Americas during this period. to be taxed and to take Mary with star and a night of no darkness,

Therefore the Lord probably showed him just at the time that she was {Continued on page 758)

UMingly, Ousted.

TESTIMONY

II. MISSIONARY REMINISCENCES

By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Of the Council of the Twelve

THE PEACHTREE

CHRISTIAN CHURCH, ATLANTA, GEORGIA

eulopastor doctrines of the wellspoken of versation words the each on the the mother for the people he Church, whileTwoa babywomen,a few old, were days gized the Mormon was at mission charity patients in the Henry headquarters, Dr. Burns said that sterling qualities which have made

Grady Hospital, Atlanta, Georgia. he was one of the ministers of the them great. Dr. Lyman preached

Their acquaintance began in that Peachtree Christian Church and in two eloquent sermons. They were

institution. Obviously they were that place of worship, on the Sabdistinctively expository of the faith

poor as to this world's goods. bath day, morning and evening and the ideals of the Church. As

One of these women received a radio services were held. He exhe spoke, the artistic organist played,

pleasant visit from her minister, tended a cordial invitation to the in subdued tones, exquisite music

Dr. Robert W. Burns, a prominent L. D. S. Church to furnish a speaker on the grand pipe organ. The

clergyman of the southern metropfor those services on a certain Suntouching of a key at intervals on the olis. Touched with the sympathy day. This unusual honor was console moved the musical bells in

and suffering that make all the thankfully accepted. the lofty church tower into gentle

service, chimes. durevening At the akin, to she asked aworld him say eventful the before Sunday The ing the the delivery a of sermon, of comfort encourageword and arrived day, R. Richard Dr. Lyman the processional sung by was hymn to the other gramother.ment He in official tour to begin Atlanta an choir.

ciously complied. of the mission. He consented to

This woman, after expressing her deliver the radio addresses. At the The first spring of this important

grateful appreciation to this Chrishour appointed for the morning event, like those of mighty rivers, tian gentleman, said: service and also the hour set for often small, was that humble woman

"I am a member of the Mormon the evening meeting, Dr. Lyman and in the charity hospital. Her modest

Church. I believe in the Restored the writer were in the stately church confession of faith, the sure testirepresentative assembly mony of the Lord which makes wiseGospel. In my heart there is the edifice. A

testimony that Jesus is my Savior filled the spacious auditorium. The the simple, was the rich contribution

and that Joseph Smith is a prophet visitors from the west were conthis faithful soul cast into the spirof God. I live in the country. If scious of an atmosphere of polite but itual treasury. God made her the

President Callis knew I was here, restrained curiosity. instrument to open up this effectual

I am sure he would visit me."door to preach the Gospel to those

YjtfiTH characteristic southern courfine people in that magnificent sancThe church dignitary replied: "I tesy, Dr. Burns introduced, at tuary and also to the many thousands

shall call on him and inform him that each meeting, the visiting churchman who listened in to those radio seryou are here."He went to the misto the unseen radio audience listenmons which magnified the name of

sion home and fulfilled his promise. ing in as well as to the visible conthe Most High, on that holy SabThe sister was visited, and the Regregation, as one of the General bath day. "And out of small things,"

lief Society women ministered to her. Authorities of the Church of Jesus saith the Lord "proceedeth that

At the close of an interesting conChrist of Latterday Saints. In which is great."

.

JESUS SAID...

By ELMERS. CROWLEY, M. A.

From a painting by Hofmann. JbcuughL

CHRIST AND THE YOUNG RULER It seems Jesus was trying to use them: but gather the wheat into my barn.

homely everyday experiences to im- (Matt. 13:2430.)

press upon the minds of those comIn subsequent parables He likened great folk the messages mon had He the to Kingdom a grain of Heaven ". for didn't for them, He say:.. of seed mustard which a took man

I will in parables; open my mouth in field his and 13: sowed (Matt. question, the ithout

I will utter things have been which leaven, unto 31); which a woman of Savior mankind

secret kept the foundation from of took in hid three and of measures teacher thewas the greatest world the world."(Matt. 13:35.) till meal, leavened the whole washas ever wknown. through A search occasion the multione when On (Matt. in 13:33); hid unto treasure the gospels of Matthew, Mark, and gathered, tudes the Savior had field told a (Matt. unto mer13:44); a reveals, interestinglyLuke enough,

that His early teachings deal printhe parable of the Sower. chant man, seeking goodly pearls

cipally with advice and suggestions... Behold, a sower went forth to sow; (Matt. 13:45); unto a net that was

for the good life, while His later and when he sowed, some seeds fell by the cast into the sea and gathered of the fowls and devoured and came every kind (Matt. 13:47).teachings are concerned explawayside, with

fell places, them up: stony upon Some where occasion, when Peter the On anothernations of of Heaven, Kingdom they earth: had not forthwith and much

Yet one is immediately struck with they sprung up, because they had no deephad asked how often he should forthe fragmentary and brief accounts ness of earth: And when the sun was up, give a brother who had sinned

they scorched; were and because they had against him, seized Jesus the opporactivitiesof the teachings of and

root, no they withered away. some And tunity to understand, him make andthe Master. Scholars that tell us fell thorns; the among thorns and sprung to drive illustration. another home earliestthe scriptural accounts were up, fell them: and choked other into But

written some thirtyfive to forty good ground, and brought forth fruit, some Peter would know if seven times an sixtyfold, thirtysome some seven said but were sufficient, Jesus afteryears crucifixion, the and yet fold. let hath ears to hear, him hundredfold,Who I unto "... him: not say untothe glimpses refew that have been hear. (Matt. 13:3-9.)

thee, Until times: but, seven Until influencecorded a wield powerful

for good in the affairs of men. Then He made a special explanaseventy times seven."(Matt. 18:

Wherever Jesus went, the multition of the parable to His disciples, 22.) "Therefore,"He went on,

tudes followed; wherever He spoke, and followed this explanation by a "is the kingdom of heaven likened

the multitudes listened; and whenseries of parables describing the unto a certain king, which would take

..."andever He taught, His followers marKingdom of Heaven. "Seek ye first account of his servants

veled. Perhaps in the example of the kingdom of God, and his rightChrist related the parable of the unthe Master, those of us whose miseousness,"He admonished, "and all forgiving servant. (Matt. 18:23sion it is to instruct the youth of the these things shall be added unto 35.)

Church, can find new vitality for our you."(Matt. 6:33.) And then, as Not least of these great lessons

messages. if in answer to their bewildered looks in story form are the parables of the

By what methods did He teach? and questions, He directed many of ten pounds (Luke 19:1227), the

( Matt. 25:1-13). andRoughly classified, they may be sumHis parables to revealing the Kingfoolish virgins

( Luke 16:1 9-3 1 )marized as follows; dom of Heaven. the rich man in hell

1. Parables. The gospels are full 2. Illustrations. Closely related

forth them, unto he put parable Another illustrationsof choice as that stand to of parables the use was Jesus'is likened of heaven saying, kingdom The tosignposts the progressive teacher. illustrations. for fondness The in his seed unto good sowed which a man

Everyone loves a story, and there is field: But while men slept, his enemy came Pharisees at one time reprimanded

no quicker way to gain attention and and sowed tares among the wheat, and the disciples for plucking and eating his the blade went But way. wheninterest than the with magic words the sabbath. was corn on

fruit, forth then up, sprung brought and time,"a or upon"Once "Once also. tares the servants the unto he said But there appeared So them, Have ye not read

was a man."of the householder came and said unto him, what David did, when he was an hungred

"All these things spake Jesus unto Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy and they that were with him; How he enthe multitude in parables; and withfield? from whence then hath it tares? tered into the house of God, and did eat

for lawful said unto the them, not hath done which shewbread, enemy was He An aout parable spake unto he not for neither said him, servants to eat, unto were him them which Wilt The.them. In.."(Matt. 13:34.) priests? for the that exthouthis. then gather only him, but have and up? with them go Or we

plaining why He used parables, But he said, Nay: lest while ye gather up ye not read in the law, how that on the

Jesus told His disciples "... bethe tares, ye root up also the wheat with sabbath days the priests in the temple procause they seeing see not; and hearharvest:them. Letand bothin the growtime oftogetherharvest Iuntilwill saythe Ifanesaytheuntosabbath,you, Thatand arein thisblameless?place is oneBut

ing they hear not, neither do they to the reapers, Gather ye together first the greater than the temple. (Matt. 12:3-6.)

understand...."(Matt. 13:13.) tares, and bind them in bundles to burn (Continued on page 757)

WHATSOEVER YE ASK A TRUE STORY about been have must AS TOLD TO I time; I reat the old years four or five

member I had not yet started to VERNESSA M. NAGLE

school. My mother was working at BY

the Dixie cotton and woolen mills.

Following the flood of '66 which had LOUISA MILLER STODDARD almost completely wipedout the early pioneer settlement of Beaver From the bread jar I pulled a soft,

River, the which Virgin on Dam, cloth, my white with it and came—one Miller, grandfather, Henry W. tiny piece bread. of Quickly my

colonize, parents to helped made my teeth at crunching the crust. were

their home at Spring Valley. It was As I did so I happened to glance up

here that my father met an unfortuat grandmother. It has been more

nate death. So my mother, with my than sixty years since that day, but

younger brother and me, then re- I still remember the expression on maternal of turned to the home my face grandmother's as she looked my

St. resided near grandmother, who to hear, me. up at occasion- I seem

there Utah, and George, made we ally, little in that catch voice her as ALLY,I SEEMTHATTO HEAR,LITTLE OCCASIONCATCH IN

VOICE AS HER TOLD ME SHE our new home. told she that that I might have me THAT THAT I MIGHT HAVE Although I was quite a young PIECE BREAD. OF ONE I piece of bread. one Often, as

child, these few years had taught have thought of the experiences of me much of the hardships of pioneer that day, I have tried to find the apt we were out of bread, I reasoned, life, something of its sacrifices and word to describe that expression, and He knew that it was right for privations. early learned I had I to bread, have so immediately failed. It in but always I have was us

is rethe food that life that even off to the farthest end of the was fear expression somewhat of an quired for sustenance may at times fear mingled with dread, or, perhaps yard where the grapevines grew become somewhat scarce, and that I should say, an expression of half largest and densest. I knew that

the replenishing of foodstuff may fear and half alarm. I remember my prayer must be secret; secret

become at times a rather serious that it occurred to me at that moprayer meant seeking God alone problem. ment that perhaps grandmother, too, when no one knew. Many times I The day had been warm—warm was hungry. I, of course, realized had heard my mother sing a lovely

really afternoon as only can a Dixie song, in Secret Day.""Pray by later in Day that childish interpretamy

I playing been become. had by myso, in the secluded one most I And tion of situation the erred. had

self in the rather yard suddenly when of kneeling part the yard, our upon Naturally, there no was argument that I decided I was I cooling hungry—in sands, red asked somewhat with myself; I flew impetuously to

fact, playhungry. Laying very my to to bread, us send and more God I side, grandmother's saying as my

I aside, the things hurried to house it send before mother home came that placed bread, piece of one minus

I tell to that could grandmother my I told that evening. from work childbite, God ample the table near on

I until not a supper; have wait must I that that hungry; grandwas and pile the of clothes for dampened

piece of bread right now. Inside ironing, mother was hungry; and that mother

small our I found grandmother home tired she hungry be would and when "Here, grandmother, have you usual. for busy, as I asked I arrived. did not then about the this know piece of bread; I 'cided not I'm

I shall forget bread. look never the the ailment from mother which hungry."my

grandmother gave me as she mowas suffering, I only knew that she tioned to the cupboard, saying above was always tired, and it hurt me an audible sigh as she did so, J-/EST she should see the dreadfully to see my lovely mother "You may have what there is, tears that were so near the surface miserable and unhappy. Then, rechild, you will find it in the crock of my eyes, I rushed out of doors lieved, and thoroughly assured that

jar in the bottom of the cupboard."and sought again my playthings. As God understood exactly our needs,

I flew to the cupboard and thrust I stood with my little arms twined I skipped out into the yard to con- a small, no doubt, somewhat soiled about the trunk of a huge Tamarix tinue my playing until mother should little hand into the bread jar. I tree that grew in one corner of our return. I busied myself for some

felt about; there seemed to be nothlot, I had time to reflect, and from time with an improvised costume

ing but a bread cloth in the jar. that reflection came a most hopeful doll fashioned from hollyhock petals

What if there really should be no thought. My mother had told me and squash blossom hat, when sudbread? I felt a large, hard lump rise many times of God's love for little denly my attention was attracted by

in throat. tiny children. Again hands my She my had repeatedly the walk. coming resomeone up A

felt jar. the sides smooth of the minded me, a child yet so young, told that hurried glance it was me

Grandmother had said there was that God hears and answers prayers, not my mother; the lady appeared

under the cloth. right for us to have. God knew that (Concluded on page 742) breadbread,—perhapsthere, so there surely must be provided those things we ask for are much older than mother. She was

THE PIONEERS HOW

CELEBRATED CHRISTMAS By E. CECIL McGAVIN

Christmas always had a strong appeal to the Pioneers and home. and hundred One no Young's observed was by them

for invited fifty persons the had been were. their conditions matter what

During the autumn of 1847, the occasion. "The tables were twice

read, "and company"by the we in harvest Salt Lake filled meager was so feasted things with the all were good special thatValley Thanksgivno ing service was held, yet the Pioneers of the valley. When the tables were

dancing removed, which commenced, fail to did Christmas. not remember receive those invited to the were party. who withcontinued with energy and was scarce, supplies foodThough were hall, carpenters'feet The long one hundred for interruption, except out supper,

feet thirtytwo is and wide, their admirably reasons for merrimentand were till late a hour."for adapted party, a which mammoth was limited, yet wrote Lorenzo D. Young

comfortable, suitably for the and decorated first Pioneers of that the Christmas occasion. the merry with workmen, Now in Kanesville, time the same At in spent Salt Valley: the Lake their smiling wives, daughters, happy and

social held. Iowa, a similar was in clad genteel apparel, in pouring came

I dinner. Father Christmas a gave John little the so- "In evening a had quarter, we every from loaded with abunan

Pierce, Smith, Brother Brother Young, John of luxuries of description dance every which party ciable dance,"read, "the we their wives, Brother alsoand Jedediah and hall, in deposited were adjoining called an of Philamostly composed Sister Harriet Grant, and and beingM. Snow is room, forty the machine which

us. dinner delphians."After took dinner withMartha feet

little blessed our Lorenzo.Father Smith On December 25, 1851, Captain ladies'square, dressingin whichroom.also was situated the

pleasant occasion one most and aThe was 1 1 the o'clock to called house At Pitt's of was consisting twentysix band, chat, in social singing, the day was spent suitable order, a thanksand prayer and of streets the members, promenaded etc. offered Brother by was up A prayer all offered giving to the of was up Donor Salt before played City "and his Lake BrotherGrant. and Brigham quorum Felt. Bishop then good H. N. by band The

particular. in rememberedwere house First Presidency, of the the My houses struck his tune, a Excellency, merry up and

was dedicated to the Lord. the Twelve Apostles and others, Governor Young, and Hon. H. C. Kimball,

other distinguished and lead personages riding on horseback. in the Christmastide 1847, while During first the dance. History contains off Journal The written History in the Journal it was excellent order, the quick succession The

concerning the Church members in a complete and interesting account of dances do great honor to the managers.

Iowa: of the celebration at Christmas time We counted from ninetysix persons to

Friday, December 24. President Young in 1851, from whom we quote: onefloor hundredat once. fortyfourThese werepersonsset in uponorder thein

and party proceeded to Miller's Hollow Christmas Day. Fine weather prevailed the same time that we have seen four

[now Council Bluffs, Iowa] where the in Great Salt Lake City. All the hands cotillions in other parties. There was no

forty house,brethren log had built a by dissatisfied looks, no no com- a confusion, public works attended engaged on the feet,sixty seating of capable about one the plaining, but day passed in peace and picnic Carpenters'in the party Shop on thousand persons. The house was dedithe Temple Block which was cleared and happy merriment, with thanksgiving to the

cated by Elder Orson Pratt as a house of decorated for the occasion. Several hunFather of all our mercies....

prayer and thanksgiving. The congregadred persons attended and enjoyed themThe atmosphere of our hall was not poltion was addressed by Elders Wilford selves in both dance and song. President luted with tobacco fumes, or the stench of

Woodruff and Orson Pratt, and in the afBrigham Young was also present. The the drunkard's breath. No! We breathed the

ternoon by Elders Amasa M. Lyman, Geo. enjoyments were varied with songs and pure mountain air, drank of the mountain

ElderA. Smith, and President Young. stream, of the the of produce and ate mounof brethren addresses. the band The

the preached during I. Appleby tains'valleys,Wm. the thought gloomy on we inhabitants the of the City from eveserenaded

ning service. midnight till daylight which was quite a past, and the glorious present, and perspecSaturday, December 25. The Council treat. tive future, every heart beat high with

went to the Log Tabernacle in Miller's gratitude and gladness, and every counconferenceHollow, Iowa, and attended votedmeeting. The congregation that the Elder George D. Watt gives the enduringtenance wasfriendship.lit up with the bright fire of

High Council on the east side of the Misfollowing account of these Christmas About seven p. m. a few songs were sung

souri River should have all municipal power festivities. by sundry individuals, one in particular

to that the thegiven people, them and by feelings called to strange us not up was morning, Christmas Early Thursday, on courts authority as shouldBishop's have entitled Phinehas sung Young, H. by sereof several 25, companies December untilcivil the people, magistrates among to This "Farewell gave Nauvoo."song the brass instruments with nades, madethe the extended over laws were of Iowa opportunity the of ample an comcompany of sleeping the with echo mountains soundSaints. past. the the present with paring

rejoicing. attention more drawn was Our 26. Pratt Elder met Orson December the to address arose Governor Young in particularly the mansion, Governor's to saints St. the in Louis, theywith Mo., when the congratulated meeting, assembly and

military in front the of which drawn up was assist to the $705.84 Presidencydonated their blessings situation as present and on

the of order This troop a horsemen. was Salt the toof to Great Church remove Lake people. a

his brass giving band, Excellency good aValley. 26, evening, Friday December On strains. in wish sweet

On Christmas day, 1849, a gay At ten o'clock a. m., the committee of the "public hands"again met in the

party was held in President Brigham management was in respectful waiting to ( Concluded on page 743

OUT OF NOTHING!

A DRAMATIC AND AMUSING I conceive Iuick wit, keen intellistory of Jedediah M. nor passions. Such a God

gence, and good sportsGrant, Mormon Missionary to be a perfect blank, just as you will in a text is. You believe my friends havemanship won countless extraordinary. find Q Apostles, Prophets, without church forfor President Heber J. Grant and

the Church, among both Mormon Evangelists, etc. Such a church

and nonMormon alike. These same would be a perfect blank, compared

attributes were to be found in his with the Church of Christ, and this father, Jedediah M. Grant, second agrees with my text. You have locounselor to President Brigham cated your heaven beyond the

Young, first mayor of Great Salt bounds of time and space. It exists

Lake City, and missionary to the nowhere, and consequently your

Southern states in the early eighheaven is blank, like unto my text."

teenforties. Thus he went on until he had torn

Years later, missionaries retracing to pieces the errors of belief prothe byways of the South would hear fessed by his audience, and then he tales of Jedediah M. Grant, the Morproclaimed the principles of the Gosmon missionary, and this was one pel in great power. He wound up I stuck to myof the favorite anecdotes retold by asking: "Have

many times: text and does that satisfy you?"

Early in his ministry Elder JedeMr. Floyd jumped up, saying:

diah M. Grant gained an enviable "Mr. Grant, if you are not a lawyer,

reputation as a ready speaker, freyou ought to be one."Then turnquently preaching on a subject at a ing to the audience, he added:

moment's notice. Soon many began "Gentlemen, you have listened with

to speculate as to how and when he amazement to a wonderful discourse.

prepared his wonderful sermons. To JEDEDIAH M. GRANT Now, look at Mr. Grant's clothes.interrogators he would answer that Look at his coat-—-his elbows are alhe never prepared his sermons as am here today according to agreemost out, and his knees are almost

other ministers did, adding: "Of ment, to preach from such a text as through his pants. Let us take up a

course, I read and store my mind these gentlemen might select for me. collection."

with a knowledge of Gospel truths, I have it here in my hand. I do not As he sat down, another eminent

but I never study a sermon."wish you to become offended, belawyer, Joseph Stras, arose and

Some did not believe him, thinkcause I am under promise to preach said: "I am good for one sleeve in

ing it impossible to preach such serfrom the text selected; and if any- a coat and one leg in a pair of pants

mons without careful preparation. one is to blame, you must blame those for Mr. Grant."

In order to prove their point, a numwho selected it. I knew nothing of The presiding elder of the Methber of persons decided to put him what text they would choose, but of odist Episcopal Church, South,

to a test, asking him to preach at a all subjects this is my favorite one, was then requested to pass the hat certain time and place from a text You see the paper is blank. You around, but he replied that he would

selected by them. They proposed sectarians believe that from out of not take up a collection for a "Morto give him the text on his arrival nothing God created all things, and mon preacher."

at the meeting, thus insuring no now you wish me to create a sermon "Yes, you will,"said Mr. Floyd.

is this nothing, because paper from acwhatsoever.preparation He Stras, said it around,"Mr. "Pass

in believe sectarians blank. You invitation their and challenge.cepted retaken cry the up and was a and parts, neither body, has God that the selected Tazeplace was The until, for audience, the peated by

well County Court House, Jefferthe sake of peace, the minister had sonville, Virginia, which was filled to yield. He accordingly marched

overflowwith at an crowd a hat in his with hand, rethe ap- A DAY IN THE TEMPLE around hour.pointed lawyers of ceiving the contributions A number rewhich

occupied the front seats of the buildBy Helen Kimball Orgill sulted in a sum large enough to ing, including John B. Floyd, who clothes, a fine suit of purchase a the toil and tumult from

later in Out became Secretary of War for a bridle horse, a saddle, and strife, ending a never Of the Buchanan administration. Passing the shining portals, Elder Grant.

life, into another As to Elder Grant walked came in, contributor one Not was a memof the pales Feeling Templethe the stand meeting and opened of the Christ of Church of Jesus 'bout us twine, ber and Round as usual. At the close of the second Knowing that peace past expressing Latterday Saints at the time, alhymn, a clerk, appointed for the ocAnd sensing that longing divine, though some joined later, perhaps

true Savior, longing to be acasion, A stepped forward handed and their receiving testimony stand, to partner with Jesus A text piecethe to of a upon paper with blank a sermon find of in the redemption plan text.—Fromfrom this To Grant,Elder unfolded it and who Pearls, B. the place Elder Theodore Lord's band. String chosen with of A

found it blank. Lewis, quoted by Andrew Jenson

roll the mists asunder Our God, may Without any mark of surprise he in his L. D. 5. Biographical En

here, from serving us keep Thee Which held the paper up before the congreThat hope from those myriads in bondage cyclopedia, volume 1, pp. 5758.

gation and said: "My friends, I In glorious units may appear. Restated here by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

jto QhiML @sl QjmiiaiwncL fL (RoulSL

Word From L. M. Winsor

letter from Brother L. M. Winsor, dated September 9, 1941, ChJtl&iL mailed from aboard ship as he Atravels to Iran, has been received at the

Eva office. Brother Winsor, a memBy FRANK bermitteeof theof theAgriculturalChurch WelfareAdvisoryPlan,Comis

en route to Iran at the invitation of WARREN the Persian government to pursue some phases started there of the work by SMITH

S. Harris. Dr. Franklin excerpts Some

of Brother Winsor's letter follow:

born in New England still remem- I am sailing on a Dutch ship of some ber the serious, sombre religion of 8,000 tons displacement. When I booked

their youth. for the trip I thought it was to be a passenger liner; but instead it is a freighter,

the passenger are only accomodations is and sin Yet, while we admit that incidental; in there respects however, many

in universal imposed and repentance to this ship. of are advantages type There

all seriousness on all men, we may are only accomodations for 94 first class nevertheless remember that there passengers and 44 second class or tourist is to capacity. she loaded and of passengers, in the life periods of joy were

I least fifty told that at have days.. I am the considering Jesus. Without before ahead reach Bombay. From we

happy days of innocent childhood, there I have no knowledge in advance as

miles inland. further thousand two some recall the tions, marriage differ in creed AlltheyChristians, however much of which we have only faint tradito how I shall proceed to Iran, which is and may may we

this of are ship shrouded The movements in the feast at hours passed Cana, ceremonies, are yet rites and in are mystery, cautioned and we that we united in one aspiration. Paul says, the house of Lazarus conversing should not reveal even the name of the

it, in lest confidence, ship except perchance, sisters, his the with and him day He shall be, not do what know we "We disaster later to bring us our on voyage. fed with people only a so many shall left but be like comes when at our Francisco He we dock San we When

fishes, store small of loaves and and at to did once. Instead not sea out put we all imitate desire to so and Him,"we the into entry His Jerusalem, sailed when bridge the under and away we

life this like in that be Jesus may we in the south spent open some bay where we people acclaimed were Those Him.

in three hours resurrection. in moving very slowly wide But, the beHim for exultation of joy and moments

circles. I learned that afterward had we people in this cause no world two to every Jesus, and man who tries officers test- U. S. naval aboard were who

are identical, each man has a differemulate Him in loving his fellow ing our nets in connection with magnetic ent concept of Jesus. men and doing such acts of love and mines.

white ship sudThis a huge, morning to opportunity as he kindness has off miles to denly appeared 3 5 our about of the early the During days also do, will experience such mostarboard. course suddenly was Our

in church obpagan Rome, men his overbeing to ments distance as put whole changed so as when much served the sins and degradations of flows with thanksgiving and the joy as possible between us and the strange ship. been days For two we now that turned to repentance of partaking of alive, the day and being joy

snail's pace. at a not along do Wehave others, of the happiness of the joy idling living, that remembering and austere is, it for course, of but some why, know

Jesus came to save the sinner and of watching innocent children at good purpose. But all this mystery tends

command repentance. They rememplay, the joy of feeling the beauty of to make one feel just a little bit anxious.

this the clouds of world, watching in fastthe bered passed days He of 8 officers, crew is composed The ship's sunset, colors of sunrise and and the also Dutch, 8 sailors, 6 or 8 Dutch, in the about prayer wilderness, ing and His stately forests flowers the the and cooks, of 80 Javanese. Dutch, and a crew sufferings under Pontius Pilate, and rivers, the the placid the waiters of earth, cabin and go bareboys turThe

His agony on the cross. Thus many bulent waterfalls, or even the bare footed most of the time. They submit to

uniform, the of prescribed the wearing into hermits or entered became mondesert. austerity of the the All

line shoes. the they on wearing but draw astic communities themand denied tells world us look of beauty if we will is the nearest wearing they come The

selves any pleasure. Some inflicted for it, and we may say with the of sandals.... The captain says that he

each completely to crew a up new make Psalmist, the has declare heavens "The bodies. pain on their and torture own

port. the amount time reaches he home No glory of firmament and the God his Others, remembering admonientice these stay will to boys of inducement

tion to the rich young man, "Sell all sheweth his handiwork."aboard for more than one cruise at a time.

that thou hast and give it to the So may we live day by day with Butfor thistheyshipwill orsignforuponeat ofa laterthe others.date either

poor,"gave away their property and genuine repentance when we sin and To my many friends who are anxious

I I shall that for can only say my safety lived thereafter in selfimposed povfirm resolution to reform; meanwhile

careful discrete every have and and be erty. This was once the prevailing accepting joyfully those innocent surance of fulfilling my mission in safety.asidea of the church during the Midpleasures that come to us, for we I do go with the feeling that I am filling

dle Ages and this severity found may be sure that God will impose a real mission. As yet I have had no feel-

I faith that of apprehension and have its sufferings as such imitators Calvinists upon us the may be ing among as or as a missionary a servant going am enlightendiscipline or for Protestant of the Puritans needed and in bit to in order Father do of our my

Reformation. Old people who were ment. carrying out a small part of His great plan.

The Shenandoah Broadcast By Bruce Tuellev, Secretary, Western States Mission IS rising importance in spreading is the the radio, WHO Gospel messageOF this outstanding and it is with medium of expression that the Western

States Mission has recently achieved MY FRIEND

By JOSEPH QUINNEY, JR.

President of the Logan Temple

(1od is my friend. He teaches that that to visit the poor, the widow, and

work well done is a glorified the orphan is the highest order of

ELDER S. DARRELL OF REEDER, ONE THE thing and is the great stabilizing religion.ELDERS HAS PARTICIPATED WHO ON THE

BROADCAST. factor in life, and to feel the joy of

very gratifying success in a weekly life I must get it out of my work. Q.OD is my friend. He exemplifies

halfhour Sunday broadcast over Radio "Blessed is the man who has found the true meaning of prayer, that

Station KFNF at Shenandoah, Iowa. his work; let him ask for no greater there should go into the composition

This radio program has gained the blessing."of prayer the elements of sincerity,

recognition and approval of a large honesty, confidence, and faith, that radio audience in the states of Iowa, (.OD is my friend. He gives me the light of truth flows to us through

Nebraska, Missouri, Kansas, Minnethe faith of gives prayer us see, hear, feel the and to and powersota, Dakota. and South program The

lives to that that truth. and eternal know of symphonies God He the "Fulnesswas of Times."named

it is Christ. Indeed, is the light this of Jesus through reveals to me the missionaries participatBecause

ing in the program labored in different truth the way in which to walk, and the pathway to God.

towns and could only meet weekends, then be a power in that path of each program had to be carefully trust. He sustains me in the right, flon is my friend. He impresses

planned well in advance, and the proas He gives me power to know the me with the fact that all blessgram always went on the air unreright, that there is no substitute for ings are predicated upon obedience hearsed. Nevertheless, every program truth, that it transcends all else in to law, that this is fundamental in

to unit.proved be a harmonious power in the glory of God. the great order of eternal truth; that being After assured of the splendid

quality of the broadcast, an intensive to give is to receive, that the law of advertising campaign was undertaken floD is my friend. He reveals to compensation is always operative in

under the direction of Elder F. Ralph me the virtue of tenderness and human life.

Kotter, director of the program. The tells me it belongs to the strong, that

area reached and served by Radio Stain it are justice and the mellowing (TIod is my friend—because in the

tion KFNF was determined, and then power of mercy. He teaches that silent hours of life He gives

to the newspapers in every large town tenderness belongs to the pure in me courage, and I build a knowing within that area, pictures the of shall faith in the singheart, the see heart pure in Him. and me He teachesers the sent on program were accomlife health. quality of physical has no spiritual laws of This God. and interestingpanied an writeup about by

the broadcast. place for compromise but is a posiHe builds the broken hearts and

The desired results were obtained, tive quality of the infinite. heals the weakened body and fills

and soon many of the people residing it with the healing balm of life. He

within that area began to dial for the (Lod is my friend. He gives me is my friend in sickness and in health.

program. Many very favorable comstrength to love and extol the He is the protecting power of my

ments were received, and cards and glory of His power, and to see the home and is my guide in all things letters in, requesting to pour began fellow to love man, my good and true. good in mycopies the of sermons. posWherever tolerant myself, as neighbor to be

in missionariessible, the the laboring towns from which cards and letters and kind, and to understand that flou is my friend. He reveals that

were received were notified of the nobility of character is the embodi- "The glory of God is intellinames and addresses of these people ment of love and that it holds the gence or the light of truth,"that and asked to visit them. companionship of God. every high and noble thing we do

The results and accomplishments of reflects the glory of God. He touches

these broadcasts will never be fully floD is my friend. He teaches me every phase of life and teaches the

—-theknown, but this we do know the everlasting principle of sublime truth and doctrine that He, is being preached; Gospel new that created that there His wisdom, man, should honesty, be no in

friends are being old prejudices made; that the with policy should honesty, connected joy, and have and man dissolved;are countless being seeds and

is to bring toare being sown. And large or small, that my whole spiritual, moral, and supreme glory of God

the harvest will truly abound in goodphysical being should radiate the pass the immortality and eternal life ness: "For whatsoever a man soweth, truth, and that to do good is a of man, the eternal and everlasting

that shall he also reap."genuine privilege rather than a duty, law of progression.

of the school year there were eightyschools.fisliqiouA. fcduxxdion, five classes in seventyone different

Average weekly attendance at the classes increased from seven hundred sixtyeight in September to one thouBy ROSCOE C. COX sixtyeight four before sand hundred

the school of year. Approxiendin HAWAII President the Hawaiian Mission the of

mately fortyfive percent of these pupils were not members of the Church.

Hawaii we are now enjoying the school year and a few classes were There are many ways in which the

INprivilege of conducting religious started in other districts. religious education program has been

education classes in connection The first organized attempt to take a boon to other missionary work. In

with the public schools of the Territory. full advantage of this unusual opporthe first place it has made scores of

These classes are made possible by a tunity was taken on November 13, new friends among the influential territorial law which reads as follows: 1939, with the appointment of Elder school people for the missionaries and

as mission of Provo Conover Don W. It Elders the for put has the Church.

shall department the for The provide religious supervisor education. of That all definite districts schedin time a on release shall release, of, and in pupil any to the might able he matter study be their in ule carried through has which public school any the from at attendance field, in sent the to the he Kohala was efficiency. to thus adding other work, public for school to period a not exceed

district spent he a about where and two missionaries to study the caused sixty It has minutes each school during the week year, on such days and during such school half months. During that time he vismethods of teaching, to become fahours as the department shall designate, ited all the schools on the Island of miliar with an abundance of reference

for the purpose of receiving religious inHawaii and became acquainted with material, and has given them much struction religious the from organization principals the supereducational and tractIt has experience. teaching made

his of choice release such is requested when Island. visors of the returned He with pleasant a to ing new more much writing in parent, a by guardian other or for in 1940, March, Honolulu a mission people the friendliness being by shown person custody having control or of over enthusiasm with such conference much chilthe of acquaintance the of because etc. pupil,

the possibilities afforded by the terdren with the Elders. This new friendProvision is also made that no reritorial law. liness, in turn, has opened literally hunElder spent Next Conover almost for cottage meetings dreds of homes ligious instruction shall be given in any three the Island months of on Maui Inactive Church work. and other public school.

short time and a Molokai. on active again have become Later he members first record of L. missionThe D. S.

Kauai, a month on thus becoming their children have interest through the aries classes holding the under prospent acquainted authorities, school lowith classes. education religious in the had visions the of in the school law was

cation of school buildings in relation to Elder Conover Elder and of 193839 year classes James Emwere when chapels, all this etc. During Hallstrom, merson is to take in over district started the the mission who Kohala on

Elder aiding Conover had been the supervision of Elder on this work Island of Elder Hawaii E. time by Thomas the with of organization classes on new trip release, Conover's to all the a made of Baggaley City Elder Salt Lake and

the Islands labored, he where and had principal outside islands during May, Albert of Colclough Flagand Sister for searching been suitplanning and all visited 1941, schools and staff, where possibilities Arizona. of the The

able for material of course a to study religious classes education our been had at the apparent were once andwork fit the different levels. findage Not also it schools. conducted, other some that further suggestion be developed

ing anything suitable exactly local for principals school seventy were Some writer to the President bywas made conditions, set to he about write two is asked: opinion our of your left "What the Bailey Francis before heW. lessons, of groups for elementary one religious the teachers education and Islands 1939. Colcloughs in July, The

for junior school high school one and in they methods used conducting have in the enlarged continued on and work pupils. off run the misThese were on classes?"the favorEvery answer district 193940 the was during the Kohala

sion in duplicator and bound books able principals stated that and some which were sold to the missionaryin- ours were by far the best religious structors. education classes taught in their

Thirtyone religious education schools.

classes were started by the missionaries So far the Hawaiian Mission has conin September, 1940, but itself the number cerned only with classes the on increased steadily until before the end Islands outside Oahu Stake. The

Elder Wallace Don ConJapanese Mission has done considerover'of Provo Supervisor of Religious Education in able work on this Island and also has the Hawaiian Mission. He cooperated in the other Iswork on

is responsible of for much their activities of is in lands. No report the success attained

this work so far. included in the figures given in this

article.

Officials of the Oahu Stake and the two Missions have long been urging the appointment of a full time, well qualified to take the charge reman of

Right: Upper

ligious education territory, in the work Religious class (with Education four visitors) in young the Kohala in an institute connection with fr * p* including District, of Island "birthHawaii, the University of Hawaii. This matter of L. place"Religious D. S. Education in the public schools work presented to President was David O.

of the Territory of Hawaii. Note during his visit here in August. McKay racial the strains, largely Japanese

and Hawaiian. We of the mission see the inspiration

Right Center: of the Almighty in this as in all other

Hawaiian Mission Religious phases of the missionary work. We at Paia, Group Island of Maui.

far of the success so much know that Lower Right:

of larger One the religious humility, attained has been to the due classes education in the Hilo lives Disprayers, clean of the misand trict, of Island Hawaii. Elders

in picture the are Child Leon M. sionaryteachers them which made

Clearfield of and Kenneth N. Gardto inspiraworthy of and susceptible of Delta, ner Utah.

tion from above.

JhsL MESSAGE TO GLOBE By ROBERTA F. CLAYTON

A TRUE X Hhe Apache Kid was onthe warpathTagain. All early pioSHORT

theneers of Northern Arizona knew that. full significance to STORY of Next

Geronimo, he was the most dreaded of renegade Apaches, and in tricks of cunning, he even exceeded that AT EIGHT O'CLOCK THE NEXT bloodthirsty old outlaw. in his broken English, "me send my SONMORNINGRODEALCHESAYUP TO ANDHEADHIS

Ideally located in the fastnesses boy, BahHah. He take message."QUARTERS

of the heavily timbered White "How old is your son?"asked

Mountains, the Apaches were the Lieutenant Rivers. Hah had on a coat, vest, shirt, overterror of peaceful tribes of Indians "He fifteen year old,"was the alls, and shoes. He was mounted on

as far away as New and Old Mexresponse. a buckskincolored stallion, a fine

ico. They had a bitter hatred toward "You do not understand,"began specimen of horseflesh. Both the

the whites; the U. S. soldiers they the commanding officer. He then boy and his horse were "thoroughdespised; they rebelled against rerelated the importance of the misbreds."

straint. To be penned up on a resersion and the necessity of secrecy Lieutenant Rivers was walking up

vation was an injustice to which they and finished with, "I cannot send the and down on the porch as they rode would not peaceably submit. With message by one or half a dozen solup. He handed a large sealed enthe least provocation they would don diers, for they would be killed; and velope to the boy and told him it

their warpaint and feathers and go I cannot send a company, because was to be delivered, without fail, to out to kill. every soldier is needed to protect the the post office in Globe. The look

This time, however, there was whites in these parts. I ask you for on the boy's face showed that he

sufficient provocation. One of the your most trusted and experienced fully sensed the responsibility. Heyoung squaws had been attacked by scout—and you offer me this boy."took the envelope and fastened it on

a soldier, and though he was caught "He do what I tell him,"answered the inside of his shirt, buttoning his and put in the guard house, this did the father. coat and vest over it. The lieutenant

not satisfy the redskins. "Yes, but think of the danger. then gave another envelope to be

The Apaches were "no respectors There is only a dim trail over these delivered to the livery stable in of persons."They looked upon the mountains, which are the worst in Globe containing instructions that

intruding whites as their natural enethis range. The rivers are high. the boy and his horse be taken care

mies. A wrong such as this could There are wild animals in these of until they were sufficiently rested

only be wiped out in blood. mountains, to say nothing of the to return.

The commanding officer of Fort danger of meeting some of the reneAt that time Fort Apache was

Apache sensed the gravity of the gades. I appreciate your unselfish headquarters for the army west of

situation. Word had to be taken to offer of your son, but I cannot perthe Rockies. It boasted the finest

Globe of this new outbreak. More mit you to sacrifice him."brass band in the whole western didesperate and daring than ever beWith arms folded and his proud vision. On this particular morning,

fore, the Apache Kid was out for head held high, Alchesay turned the band was called out. Wonderrevenge. and started to walk away. "I have ment brought the people of the post

LieutenantRivers, in command at no one else,"he said. to their doors as they heard the band

the Fort, knew the danger to the Realizing it was his only chance, playing a lively martial air, but all handful of scattered settlers in isothe commanding officer called him they could see aside from the musilated places and they must be notiback and told him to have the boy cians were two Indians riding across fied, but how? In his desperation ready to start at eightthirty the the parade grounds. One was

he sent for Alchesay, chief of the next morning. It was then four headed north; the other rode over

White Mountain Apaches, which p. m. The chief's camp was about the bluff down into White River to

had furnished the scouts for the govthirteen miles north, and Globe was the west.

ernment. He knew Alchesay could eighty miles west. Although the river was high, Bahbe depended on. Hah knew his horse could swim it,

When the chief arrived, the comso rode fearlessly into the stream manding officer called him into his /\t eight o'clock the next and on his way. The going was

office and told him that he wanted morning Alchesay and his son rode rough from the start. In places it

the most trusted Indian on the up to headquarters. Unlike his was so steep that the Indian boy

reservation to take a message to father, who was dressed in the white could hardly make it on foot, while

Globe. "factory"shirt, pantaloons, and G- his horse clambered and slid. At

"All right,"answered the chief, string common in that day, Bah- {Concluded on page 741

CkhLidmabu (Bookdu goA. yoimt JolL

THE AMERICAN ABC WHISPERING GIRL and Petersham. Miska (Maud (Florence Crannell Means. Illustrated. Macmillan The Company, TRAILS IllusRAINBOW Mifflin Houghton Boston, Company, 1941. York, $2.00.) trated.New (Anna Johnson. Caxton Printers, 1941. pages. 225 $2.00.)

truly authors Caldwell, to 'T'hese understand 41 cents.) Idaho. pages. 35 how she timid didn't so that was she Because * people, imbue their matter no what *-'dare j speak a whisper, above she was * delightful his children's of for age, love the thing with book a which about called life Girl. Whispering the with Her illustrate. write they *I verse are Their and will Latterday Saint a books by kind Indians Hopi the adopted her who on treasure. to always find in gems the a niche children's welcome death of her parents, her and rescue of this In their latest surthey stocking. book, Christmas have can book The serious from them a situation thrillmake their passed directly even previous the be accomplishpurchased from author ing for people. young ments. incidents at have Building, taken Bishop's from Salt They 33 Lake deeper life understanding of Indian A reading history live our American City, them Utah. and made results this reading from illusbeautifully

is picture. little instance, and word by This For "Shopping"on poem B trated volume.

is for Bell, the will Liberty beautifully the reveal the of which charm poetry illustrated, the then story is written and by this gifted writer: TAGALONG TOOLOO zeal, is for is a about it. The which Z

characteristic which every genuine AmerMy mother goes a-shopping, (France Clarke Sayers. Illustrated.

ican should or does have. And I go shopping too. The Viking Press, New York.

This is a book that should be made avail- I'm happy when I'm helping 87 pages. $1.50.)

able to all children—and that means all who With things she has to do. A lthough her real name was Tallulah,

the have true child heart, whether they be ** she was called Tooloo for short—and sixty. six or And if there is some money then "tagalong"because Tooloo she always

Left over when she's through, wanted to go everywhere her three older

HIAWATHA'S CHILDHOOD We have an icecream sundae sisters went. She was too small for them,

(Henry W. Longfellow. Illustrated. With chocolate on it, too! but big enough to get into some mischief

Doubleday, Doran, and Company, all by herself. First, there was the chinaGarden City, 1941.) berry tree; then, there was the nickel; but

need to grow knowing up Children tale of lad the Indian kinship this Mystery and romance mingle with the—rightit was Toolooon the alsoshoulderswho finallyof Mr.led O'Leary,them all whose

to work make this a most readable, worththe circus clown. nature with hero makes him a for young

story. while ( Concluded on page 744 this people. will Wellillustrated, volume

be a welcome addition to the children's shelf.

A TREE FOR PETER (Written and Illustrated by Kate Seredy.

Viking Press, New York, 1941. 102

pages. $2.00.)

Kate Seredy always tells a story that makes even grownups pause. In this

story of young Peter, she does that with even more power and purpose. How a

spade worked a modern miracle is the theme of this story that transformed what had been Shantytown into Peter's Landing and will read like a miracle; but more important

than that, it will read like a miracle that can be accomplished in other Shantytowns.

The illustrations are beautifully executed to emphasize the story.

THE STORY OF CHAN YUC (Dorothy Rhoads. Illustrated. Doubleday, Doran, and Company, Garden

City, 1941. $1.50.)

This story of "LittleDeer-WhoNever

GrowsUp"will be of great interest to children between the ages of five to eight.

Chan Yuc lived in Yucatan, and the story of how he grew in his strange environment makes it of great value to those who would like to know more about the wild life of the western hemisphere.

The illustrations are beautifully executed so that even children who cannot read will find the book more than satisfactory to turn through.

INTO THE WIND (Gertrude E. Mallette. Illustrated.

Doubleday, Doran, and Company,

Garden City, 1941. 295 pages. $2.00.)

'I 'his book is a most stimulating story of * the nursing profession. All girls who

are interested in choosing a profession should read it—and they will find it challenging as well as interesting. The story tells

about the duties of probationers, better known as probs, who enter training with the hope that some day they may win their caps and become fullfledged student nurses. 730 Illustration from the American ABC.

CHRISTMAS PACKAGE THE PROPHET SPEAKS GIFTS OF THE FIRST CHRISTMAS

By Sylvia Probst By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Carlton Culmsee for shopping, didn't have money gold with carven and gems tall fine there, noble, stood and Adorned heI I less, gift send But no my eastern lands bore from sages The So proud, it's loveliest in the wrappings, wrappedAnd Gifts for tiny the King. newcome

his greater than Sustained power own. by of tissue happiness,The hands? with empty Came He shall "I loud,"not very talk so He said, little seals choice are memories,The

his in shone. eyes message But a glorious it it's tied apart so won't comeAnd myrrh, frankincense Stronger than and

that excerpts the read prepared had he He I that the best could beWith the across dark followed There Him self forgetting too, then doctors and affording: And isIt strings the tied heart, of with my life of better breath dawnclean

his the Saints to heart poured out and The He it all of others; the with openSo spark. the immortal fan To shared isIt it too, practical, please use

For the gift that is under the wrapping, With us, his testimony strong and true. And the stars greyed in the slow dawn;

that I'm sending to you.Is my love the of shimmer dim gold grew The freely, ringing rich words His came light farshining the and Beside deep

clear: from Him. That poured

faith in lives, have keep Him, and "God TREES WINTER word."His

By Christie Lund Coles It seemed to me the Lord was very near

CYNIC THE the things him prompting to say And we heard. Martin By Helen Home kind, today, Prophet spoke so so dear,Thesky,trees, like cobwebs spun across the The

still; barren grey leafageAre and and no prayed, "Bless President And resorts my heart faith of mocker THE now Grant, dear Lord."of the laughter scorn hollow To stirs, provocative sigh withQuivers and

intimidate the heart To silken green; scrawnyfingered eachAnd born. to the simple worship Of bough earth Lord's the green he walks OnBuffets the taunting waits the wind and In haughtier brash—unwise, touch

lips, his cynical scorn on A its its rest, virgin healing snow, andOf like in his eyes; a glimmer hate And trees are wise having fromFor borne so

much Of pain and living beauty on their breast. ContentBut the simplein the Spirit'sendures birth;in trust

So all my faiths are spun across my heart He walks with a joyous step

In steadfastness against the storm of years; On his scrap of the Lord's green earth.

Although we know that beauty must The scorner he dare not hate depart Lest he catch him—trapped in surpriselips, Prodigal's on his The woe nears; as the find assurance dark dayWe

his eyes. in a longing like pain And lost, briefly returns, though it beFor hope

As beauty to these trees, betrayed by frost.

SONNET WINDMILLS OF HOLLAND By }. Nile Washburn

By Helen McMahan greater hand could frame the WHAT mighty domeThey stand along the deep canals With wooden sails raised high, SANCTUARY Of heaven that spreads so far above the

As if to bind the image of globe

The landscape to the sky. By C. Frank Steele Than that of God? He made it for His home.

From it He spoke unto the Prophet Job.

language have aThey of their own—man there at the first? What mind these white walls, this House of Was

tones, secret In ageold, probe can ONPrayer, court the wind, andThey secret out? Where grind the grain The light of heaven falls everywhere. The

their stones. polished Between itself? Of heaven What isis thethe outerstarryboundrobe

Immutable, serene, and staunch, And as we pass its sacred gate That nightly wraps the blackening sky

These windmills are to me Three lessons glorious await: around?

deathless race of a symbolThe that peals so the thunder come Zee. Zuider inspire Whence by the Faith Faith your Down and let Have resound

fire; with holy fellowmen Your is soul nature aflame? The human When

SANCTUARY Have Hope and let its presence glow ExultsNor canandmanfearscomprehendat questionsthe socosmicprofound.whole.

By Ruth Harwood That all the power of God may know; But God can follow every secret trace:

and laws of time and the bounds He sets shrine, sacred as as holy me, a it steadfast space. be and let Love HaveTo I call that small mine, cozy room some Calvary. Christ's on Like unto

outside, the that shuts world awayA roomIs

But to the starry inner vistas opens wide! LOVER

FOUR HOPES By Grace Sayre FROM THE PLAINS

By Virginia Scott Miner By Eva Willes Wangsgaard Twilight tiptoes up the stairs of Day

And lays her head upon the breast of

Strange to think how, FOUR things we're always waiting for: Night;

Miles away, A fuller purse, a brighter day, He places diamond stars upon her hair

Pine tree needles A joy that will not pass away, And gives her pearls of dew for morning's

Knit a day! A world that has outmoded war. light.

) a

IfieToofllacR

VANGUARDS OF THE FRONTIER sidered. However, the author, having told Osborne, J. P.—and a glorious overcoming

(Everett Dick, Ph.D. Appletonthe story and suggested that discovered of many things.

Century Company, 1941.) scientific truth must be used by forces beRecognizing this as a type of countless

is the laboratory, to inclined leave yond stories of the of Restoration, to such Century 'social of the northern history I fHls is "a the reader the policy, the formulation of closes so the the Epilogue: author with

-* plains the Mountains and from Rocky all fervently for hoped decentminded by story been told has whose The woman earliest white contacts to the coming of people. here was one of tens of thousands who in

the homemakers."The fur companies and At first sight, the book might be mistaken these latterdays earnestly sought truth,

the mountain men, the Indians and the for an admirably concise and interesting happily found it, courageously accepted it, missionaries, the pioneers and the travelers, history of science. It is this; but much and were led into new places, where, deand the spirit of their times, are presented more, as it deals with one of mankind's spite many trials they discovered new and

interest. story of absorbing as a progressive chief in living. joys concerns.—/. A. W. greater facts rilling laboriously the gathered The herein told, may, therefore, be The story

twentythree chapters, fall naturally into IN THE GOSPEL NET read as a saga of a glorious multitude who their to entrancing places mosaic an form in the Net. been Becaught Gospel have for A. Printed Widtsoe. (John Private

epic. of picture a a Dr. tremendous human this host radiant fore and men of women Distribution, 1941. pages.) 119

fruits that here vast has the of Dick shown in gratitude. admiration and we bow May 'lines the of broad of story Dr. John research, scholarly well organized when and their diligent the certain faith and memory of *I jhe the of A. Widtsoe of the Council in simple, English, written pure be may rest in hearts the the ever coming works of are there Twelve wherever are known attractive the technical to equally student generations.

the of as members a NorChurch—how, is the refreshing general reader. This and little is to such to be added There lad wegian immigrant to he to Utah, came this in of often hurried poorly and day thoughts. has rememWidtsoe A. John rise poverty from obscurity to and eminence history. stirring presented story of The the thy well bered commandment: "Honor in the halls science, of education, reand the or vividly has never been more West mother."- father L. thy E. and R. ligion. is here the But story of the now told. accurately

great obscure and mother influence whose called chapter the on The Mormons, PRESIDENTS CHURCH OF THE THE ever stood the near success of her rests to son—Zion,"the examina- "Marching on Deseret Nibley. (Preston Book tribute son as well pays as who words can of therefore materials tion source avoids and pages. 1941. $2.50.) 321 Company, life (but brings higher to whose the honor tales, lurid, the often unsupported which

, the at the mother of in this bore stood have head him) privately who men Seven writers. less of conscientious books mar

published fly work. the leaf one author Latterday of Christ On Jesus Church A. W.—/. states: "This of Book to Remembrance, since Saints Smith my Heber of1830—Joseph I."this then follows Number these lives isAnd of been ProGrant. have The men J. SOCIETY TECHNOLOGY AND logue: printed of the of thousands subject untold

(S. Rosen, Rosin Laura and McKee is the This story a a seeker sentence of in woman, pages, treatment varying from

The Macmillan Company. after truth, who, tossed by the waves of comments to pretentious volumes. Nomysterious caught until casual fate, was the has now, however, by the Gospel where, effect of the machine impact andThe into and carried a far country, single to source able where, reader been go to a society, the net, particularly within upon

United States, is the theme of this informthrough the possession of eternal truth, to find the essential facts and the spirit of ative and thoughtprovoking book. The though amidst much adversity, she and her the lives of these men bound under one

principles necessary to convert inventions family found unbounded happiness. cover. In this volume the author has let

into machines that reduce man's toil, or This is her saga. the men speak extensively for themselves,

increase his power, are first considered; Then comes the story of John Anderson which adds to intimacy of acquaintance.

then follows a study of the economic, soWidtsoe, the Norwegian schoolmaster who By this publication the lives of these seven cial, and political effects of the machine. rode the waves of the North Sea from men, each of them notable among the world

It is a clearly and simply written book for island to island, and who died young, and figures of all time, will become, as the the day, a pioneer in a field of utmost his wife, Anna Karine Gaarden Widtsoe, author suggests in his foreword, available importance—important because the new and her two young sons, John A., and {Concluded on page 760)

society will be built around the machine.

All who are interested in machines, laymen, u X) students or technicians, young or old, would profit by reading this fascinating story, in terms of science and technology, of the coming and the rise of the machine and CHRISTMAS HOOKS its probable effect upon the coming—/. A.age.W.

make the most acceptable gifts. Here are a

THE SOCIAL RELATIONS OF SCIENCE few choice books which we highly recommend:

PRESIDENT HEBER J.

of a truly outstanding bookNew(J. G.York,Crowther.1941. 665Macmillanpages: 5$3.50.)Co., GOSPELA beautifulSTANDARDS—Bygift edition GRANT. Just off the press. 7"<gO 25

multiplied has manibeen INSPIRATIONAL power TALKS FOR YOUTHMan's writers Choice foremost from the of our time. Compiled gems and leaders of science. advancement by the

direction of the the Presiding under Bishopric by life, of horthe present comforts andNew fold ipl.UUfljl C\f\ Gift Ideal NIBLEY. PRESTON An rors of possible war, been have made by

scientists science. responsible Aremodern PIONEER STORIES

Compiled scientific in a happens for what age? Are by Preston Nibley **-UU<Rl flfl UNTORichardTHE L.HILLSEvans *1.3Ufl1 Cfl

they responsible for the results of science? LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH

relations are the of society as a By wholeWhat Joseph Fielding Smith. 9N>*.UUCfl HELLOElsie LIFETalmcge Brandley *'**'SI 50 biography A scientificto science progress? and These

considerations and questions form the theme Do your shopping at this store of a "thousand and one"gifts.

this instructiveof suggestive and book. to go elsewhere! is unusual. treatment a hisCome here first—you may not need The By

torical review in brief topical chapters, science is shown to be a social product, spiritflowing colored from and by the of DESERET it forth. brings 44 East South Temple BOOK COMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah thusthe age which Having

thedissected the organism, of creation "an iseffective social science"policy for con- (V: n>ocVo

liremiloves

Dr. Widtsoe Addresses

Religious Group

r\R. John A. Widtsoe of the Council

of the Twelve spoke on the subject, "Notable Episodes in Mormon

History,"before a group of between

PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, three and four hundred members of

LEFT, RELEASED, PRESIDENT AND JR., WILLIAM H. REEDER, RIGHT, the Women Associates of the UniverAPPOINTED, AS PRESIDENT OF sity Religious Conference, in Los AnTHE NEW ENGLAND MISSION. geles, October 23.

The group, representing religious leaders of the major faiths in Southern

California, met at a banquet in the Wilshire Ward.

Welfare Chairman Speaks On "Church of the Air"New England Mission B. Y. U. Dedicates

President Chosen Joseph Smith Building *-*Rlderof theHenryGeneralD. Moyle,Church chairmanWelfare

Committee was the speaker on the

President William H. Reeder, Jr., As part of the Founder's Day.services Columbia Broadcasting System's

of the Mt. Ogden Stake has been * commemorating the sixtysixth an- "Church of the Air,"Sunday, Noappointed by the First Presidency as niversary of the founding of the Brigvember 2.

President of the New England Mission. ham Young University, the new Joseph Speaking from the historic Salt Lake

He succeeds President Levi Edgar Smith Building was dedicated October Tabernacle he outlined to his coastto-

Young, senior President of the First 16, by President David O. McKay, coast audience the aims and achievements of prayed: Spirit the the Welfare program. who "May of God theCouncil of Seventy, has who in this institution every of prebe mood

sided since the mission the over sumin the heart of instructor. and every Stakes Receive

of 1939. will Elder returnmer Young that Spirit May purify and hallow every New Leaders

in his Saltto duties City. Lake this edifice."of part

President Reeder has been head of In addition to President McKay, "Decent changes in the presidencies the Mt. Ogden Stake for six years. other speakers were Elder Joseph AV of the Stakes of Zion include the

He is a member of the Utah State Board Fielding Smith of the Council of the following of Education and the Utah State Bar Twelve, whose subject was the historIn the Oquirrh Stake John D. Hill has

Commission. He was formerly a memical background of Joseph Smith, and been selected as president with Edwin

ber of the board of the State Deaf and Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of K. Winder and V. B. Coon as counBlind School. the University. selors. The retiring presidency were

For many years the new mission Many of the General Authorities of H. Edward Sutton, Earl Day, and Isaac

president was superintendent of the the Church were present. W. Coon.

Weber Stake Y. M. M. I. A. He has The building, which is the hub of the President William W. Owen has

been a member of the high council in social and religious activity of the Uniassumed duties in the Cache Stake with both the Weber and the Mt. Ogden versity, is located on the upper campus. his counselors E. L. Christensen andStakes. L. Tom Perry. They succeed Alma

(recently assistant appointed to Sister will Reeder, who accompany Missionaries Get theSonne of the Council Twelve) is and Wilhim, of the a General Board member Draft Rating liam E. Evans, Jr., and Franklin D. Association. theof Primary

Richards. has been received the from A ruling Quayle secDixon has been namedDeath Comes to Andrew Jenson ** national selective service headin counselor ond the Stake Palmyra and Elias S. Woodruff quarters providing that the General presidency, where R. Ray Hales has

Authorities, stake presidencies, ward been released.

TThe death of two Church leaders ocbishoprics, branch presidencies, misVirgil H. Smith has been appointed

curred just as the Era was going to sion presidents and certified missionsecond counselor in the Liberty Stake, press. aries of the Church will be in class 4D where Mark E. Petersen has been

as long as they positions. hold these released. 90, Assistant Jenson, Church Andrew L. Elder Richard of First the Evans

Historian, passed 18 away November is of the Council the Seventy only Church to Publish hisat in Salt followCity, Lake home of the Authorities General member Guide Booking a heart attack. registered selective rolls. the service on

Elias a following died S. Woodruff ruling with missionto The regard for publishing a guide book Plans illness in Saltweek's 16 on November is aries interpreted to effect that the with directing travelers maps to

field City. serving asLake was He will persons in class placed be by 4D sacred in spots history throughChurch ofrepresentative the Church Welfare their draft board they enter the when the out middle states eastern west and president formerlyCommittee, and was missionary prior to for departure home have announced. been Giles, D. John the Centralof States and MisWestern fields. If mission notice a for to report director the of new of inforbureau

sions. is induction received time before any at the Hill mation will write Cumorah,

Further note of the lives of these men the individual enters the home, no dethe book.

will be made in the January Era. ferment is granted. {Continued on page 734)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

The Church Moves On {Continued from page 733) fare Plan, rehabilitation for many of Elko Ward, Nevada Stake, M. Eugene

the victims of the recent flood of the Williams succeeds John J. Stastny.

Radio Talk Given by Gila River in Arizona would have been West Layton Ward, North Davis Stake, succeeds Wallace Corbridge Calvin D. PresidentBritish Mission B. difficult Lee Elder Harold and slow,

Gailey. reported of the the Council Twelve acting of K. Anastasiou, AndreTlder Kuaili P. Stake, Laie Ward, Oahu

St. Stake the as returned from Johns he Plunkett. British Mission, succeeds the Robert of *-"'president Kekauoha

was invited by the British Broadcasting conference. Vallejo Ward, Oakland Stake, Henry

and ward Relief Society members Cheshire. succeeds Alvin G. The Neerings 4. to talk The November onCompany

Stake, Pocatello in Fourth Pocatello those clothed Ward, fed bishoprics and at 9:30 heard which program wasBBC Robert succeeds Benjamin M. R. Thomas workers Welfare while need, Church the at directed European T. wasG. M. Garbett. and repair homes the to damaged begancontinent. St. Squire Stake, Johns Ward, Ramah inflood, in the buildings. Damage of the Coun- R. Richard Dr. Lyman Clawson. succeeds Louis N. Mangum W. to said lost, be crops was cluding this received comcil the has Stake, of Branch, Diego Twelve San Mesa La

ment from Hugh Card Brown, a mem- $100,000. Ernest Bornemann succeeds Ralph Stobbs.

ber of the Royal Air Force: "The Chehalis Branch, Seattle Stake, Joseph

Church [in England] seems to be doing Bishops, Presiding H. Cutler succeeds H. R. Merrill.

Stake, BurSnowflake Ward, Winslow Tithing Installed leadership. local Elderswell under Palmer. A. succeeds ton Smith R. LeRoy meetattendance at the increased,has Stake, H. Teton James Ward, Cedron Stake, Archie Bear Lake Ward, Lanark

isings good."Milford succeeds Kuns. Kuns N. Ernest succeeds D. Hymas. Parker

Washington Utahns L. BothwellStokes succeedsWard, BearMiltonRiverD. Stake,Marble.James StoneChapinsucceedsWard,JohnTetonW. Stake,Dewey.Dwight C.

Give Radio Program Park Valley Ward, Bear River Stake, Twin Falls Second Ward, Twin Falls

Stake, succeeds Claude C. Fredrickson Jack Hirschi. Louis succeeds A. Hirschi Fred in the part history Ttah's and her Brown. Bert H. Stake, Beaver Milford Ward, *"* naof the development economic Peterson. Laurence succeeds H. Weight Robert reviewedtion by were Idaho Tower Temple Stake, Beaver Mark East Ward, Beaver

Hinckley, assistant secretary of comWoolsey succeeds Clyde L. Messinger. Sheds Scaffolding

Elbert D. Senator Stake, Williammerce, by and Chicago Branch, Racine

scaffolding of the white nP'HE snow Andrus. succeeds to Oral "Salute T. half in Utah"hour C. Walley aThomas 1 Falls the of Idaho tower $500,000 Luther Stake, Branch, Emery Lawrence station radio from broadcastprogram

first the during temple removed Cullum. Ernest was succeeds H. Thomas Ocon D. Washington, C,WINX, Stake, Gridley E. Branch, temple, located Don of Chico October. week The 14.tober

Irvin succeeds Ferrin S. McDonald. east the River, of the on bank Snake ecoreligious, and historical, The Charles Stake, South Kanab Kanab Ward, will another require approximately state were the of backgroundnomic S. succeeds Johnson. Joseph C. Pugh complete. to year selections Utah fromdiscussed, and Stake, Lethbridge Stavely Hugh Ward,

Stanford. succeeds Stanfordmusicians living in Washington T. now Nunham Branch Changes

Stake, VerWard, Creek Cherry Malad Ward, program.completed the Announced Williams. succeeds Leo D. lorum Moon

Welfare Unit Aids Rupert Third Ward, Minidoka Stake, Capitol Ward, Washington Stake,

Owen W. Tanner succeeds Clyde B. CranArizona Flood Victims was formed by a division of the dall.

capitol. Bishop E. Overlade JosephVS7ITHOUT"resourcescooperativeof the Churcheffort andWeithe AlbertLordsburgHill succeedsBranch, H.Mt.VerleGrahamPayne.Stake, Washington Ward in the nation's will preside over the new unit.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME La Cienega Ward, Inglewood Stake,

ARRIVED SEPTEMBER 22, 1941—DEPARTED OCTOBER 1, 1941 was organized June 8, from the La

First row, left to right: Lawrence Bird, Myrtle Melba Riggs, Zella Davis, Rosella Fisher, President Cienega Independent Branch. Phillip

King. Anderson, Max Afton Huntsmen, LaReah Hurst Hunt, H. was sustained as bishop of the Aleen Colton, Don B.

Lawrence, Neerings, Emily Lindholm, Edna Pugsley, Martha Abraham Romney, Wayne row: Second ward. new D. Browne. Stewart, Arthur Stanley Elaine Wood, Bybee, Louisa Julia Hansen, Winifred

Third row: William E. Sutton, Rulon S. McCarrey, Harriet Nielsen, Nieoma Johnson, Leola Pendleton, Flagstaff Ward, Snowflake Stake,

Asael Lyman. Campbell, Steven Read Brown, Schofield, Elma Norma 17, created from the FlagAugust was t'Hart, Palmer, Broadbent, Clay Thelma J. Merle D. Hogenson, Clell E. Evans, Sears row: Fourth

staff Branch. Independent C. Everett Weeks. David L. Bitter, Hodges, Robert Grant Cluff, Robert Rose L J.Archibald,

Clyde R. S. Barnes, Hodgkinson, J. Advian Edward Jarman, T. Richards, Ward John D. row: Fifth here. to chosen bishop Kenner be was

E. Berrett. Pratt, L. Pooele, Leland A. Ottley, McKay Rex. A. Wm. Clark, A. Robert Collard,

Sixth row: Gerald Harris Sagers, Stephen L. Cornwall, Grant Edward Clyde, Elzo F. Bunderson, Rosette Ward, Bear River Stake

James R. Palmer, Sterling L. Weber, Clarence E. Tuttle, Henry T. Reynolds, Samuel B. Bangerter, Elmer J. was merged August 10, with the Park

Niederhausern.

Seventh row: Claridge Ellsworth, Lewis W. Shurtleff, Alfred 0. Berry, J. Russell Driggs, Owen Raynal Valley Ward, Bear River Stake. The

L. Spencer. Wilford Oral Bjarnson, E. Gillespie, S. Shumway, Joel Donald Lunt, new unit is to be known as the Park

Burt, Charles J. Scott, Brinton, Stanley H. Floyd Jr., R. West, Howe M. Eighth row: Walter A. Valley Ward. Shelley. Melvin T. Robert F. Anderson, LeSueur, Jr., L. Strong, James Kay James Elias Becker, A. Moyes,

Ninth row: Charles F. Adams, Douglas E. Dana, John E. Gardner, Randall Eskelson, J. Theron Bruun,

D. Anderson. Rogers, Phelps, Richard Roscoe Charles Rex W. Carpenter, R. Taylor, Nelson H. Bennion, Warren L. Church Building Dedicated Huntington, Toone, Floyd Spencer Tenth row: Morris H.

Marble, Vergil J. Draney, Paul R. Cheesman. f\N CallisSeptemberand 14,SamuelEldersO.CharlesBennionA.

dedicated chapels at Fairview, and

Freedom, Wyoming, built at a cost of $30,000 each.

Temple Square Choir The Temple Square Mission Choir, which was organized two years ago to provide music for the Sunday afternoon services at the Salt Lake Tabernacle was given an honorable release

September 28. The mission choir,

which is under the direction of H. Frederick Davis, will continue activity as

the Salt Lake Philharmonic Choir.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

MThe Church Moves On

Native Material Use Urged in Church Buildings J"Tse of native stone and native timber *"* in construction of chapels and recreation halls is being encouraged by the Church as a means of conserving defense materials. Because of the difficulty to obtain iron, steel, and other

metallic products used in concrete reinforcements and plumbing and heating systems, wards and stakes are being urged to plan carefully future buildMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED OCTOBER OCTOBER 22, 1941 12, 1941—DEPARTED of native supplies ing needs, amassing

first row: Fred Hegerhorst, Charles Schlerf, B. Thelma Gilbert, Valere Mayhew, Mary

possible. materials govAnderson,Left toLucyrinht,Harris, wherever Kunzler, The Afton Vilate Martin, Colton. Don B.

I la Hansen,ernment has ruled that no new nondeCatherineSecondBens,row:MaryStratfordPett, OrrenLoosle,OttoDoraMunroe.Dutson, Fae Jensen, Marie Lange, Margaret Pierce,

fense buildings may be started without Third row: LaMar Smith, Emily Tompkinson, Ramona Foulger, June Jenkins, Arlene Jenson, Edith

Laub, Kathryn Ashcraft, Vereni Jr., Hellewell, Carlile. Bohi, Dave Grant H. if restrategic are materialspermission

Fourth row: Elzinga, H. Andrew Don Louise C. Summers, Whitehead, Jeanne Thomas, Ruth Alleen Salt is that the quired. It pointed out Olson, Arlean King, J. Leslie England, Walker. Frank Hill, Leland W.

Fifth row: E. Berrett, Robert Hopkin, C. Price, Wm. George Kenneth J. Beck, Norton, Earl David and many Temples Manti andLake Joan Perry Adams, W. Manwaring, Harold Reese, V. Kresser, Edward C. Zaugg. Grant built in the state buildings wereother Sixth row: Jones, Stephen John Barnett, H. Lloyd Hayward, M, Doutre, Wendell Tolman, Boyd Ned

Hutchinson, Church, Warren Lavor H. P. Kocherhans, Carl Poll. steel are structural without and of use

Seventh row: H. Bartholomew, Homer Fred Kasteler, J. Hill, Tripp, Elizabeth Cook, 0. George Vernon durabilstrength of and today models Douglas Pulley, L. Don Robert E. Shumway, Hughes.

ity. Hardy,EighthLeRoy row:Hedin,LynnH. LavonCrookston,Payne,JoelFerrisMackL. Johnson,Shaw, M.MauriceB. Skousen.Barlow, Wesley K. Walton, Emerson L.

M. I. A., Sunday School L. Jensen,Ninth Dalerow: Rigby,Glen Hadley,Jay Tuley.LaVar H. Barker, Charles Wall, Sidney Noble, Reid Jones, Jed Harris, Donald

For B. Y. U. A. CardTenthClark,row:HughPaulJ. Campbell,Sorensen, VergilRalph HenryAllred,Ash.John V. Bushman, Melvin J. Ericksen, Elvis B. Darrington,

A new program of religious activities Eleventh row: Harvard Hinton, Stan Turley, Robert Bitner.

*"* has been approved by the B. Y. U.

Board of Trustees, whereby students Missionaries Released Those Who Have Passed Away 1941 October, will School hold and Mutual In Sunday all to to: death men, it must came A s in the Smith Memorial Joseph new ** California: of 74, youngest Wells. son D. Melvin Ramon S. Wilcox, Salt Lake Building. morning on Sunday Held City. 10. President Daniel H. Wells, September

and Tuesday evening, these services are Canadian: Helen Fish, Phoenix, AriActive in Church affairs all his life, he had

designed primarily to serve students zona; David R. Stone, Jr., Salt Lake City; been employed by the Church Mission

who are living away from home. Ralph J. Chadwick, North Logan, Utah; office.

Crabb, Lehi, Kirkham V. Utah; Richard

Scouters Stress. Brigham, Utah; Donald W. Davis, W. leaderHenryof H.the Hoff,Bear Lake92, Churchcountry, andat Montcivic

Church Ties Hemingway, Ely, Nevada; Cyril B. Foutz, pelier, Idaho, September 1 1

Phoenix, Blair Arizona; Neilsen, R. Hyrum, relationship acto youth 74, teacher in variousCcoutings Joseph A. Sill, Utah; James O. Adams, Tremonton,* at organizations, Utah; Church Utah, his Layton, tivity in the the theme Church was Anderson, Utah. Ogden, Woodrow W. 11. home, September Saint meetings, one Latterdayof two States: Central B. Alma Summerhays,

and one Protestant, held in Salt Lake Jr., El Monte, California; William C. TanMary (Matie) Salisbury Ashton, 80,

City, October 27, as the fifth annual ner, Jr., Salt Lake City; Elizabeth Spackpioneer of 1862, temple worker, and member

Thirtyfirst the of and Grand Le ReWard man, Layton, Utah; William Albrand,"university scouting"under W. of opened

lief presidencies for fifteen Society years, Scipio, Utah; Ferrin, Laverne V. Gridley, of the direction Scoutsthe of Boy in 12, City. Salt September Lake California; Eldula Lovell, Anderson, WyoAmerica. ming; Bybee, Tropic, Walden M. Ivory, Collard Mercie of pioneer 78, Utah. atleaders four than hundred More first Central States: East B. 1864, secretary Garside, of the and John Y. M. W. hear S. session to the L.tended D. I. Riverton, Utah; of Harrison Lovell, at Fountain A. Green, Fames, Fountain Green.

problems discussed by D. E. HamWyoming; Lewis W. Jolley, South Gate, Utah, September 13.

mond, Salt Lake council executive; California; Eugene W. Hill, Ashton, Idaho; George W. Worthen, 81, patriarch of

Oscar A. Kirkham, of the First CounLorin W. Hogan, Grace, Idaho; Bessie Johnthe St. George Stake since 1919, Sunday

cil of Seventy, and executive secreson, Provo, Utah; Myrtle M. Hawkins, School teacher for fiftyfive years, member

Antonito, Colorado; St. the of Zina thirty ClearZaugg, for Stake George Choir I. of A.; thetary George Y. M. M.

field, Utah. years, driver the old of St. muledrawn of general superintendent Morris,Q. States: Eastern Foulger, Mable thirtyfive George for workers'Ogden, Temple bus I. A.; Albertthe Y. George M. M. Utah; years, John D. Hooper, St. Hooper, Utah; the and of Mrs. member marGeorge the of the of Twelve; CouncilSmith tial Hooper, John D. for Hooper, Utah. St. years, at band seventy George,

and Presiding Bishop LeGrand RichNew England Mission: Dean B. FarnsSeptember 15. He has also filled three

ards. worth, Salt Lake City; Robert C. Fletcher, missions for the Church.

Summit, New Jersey; Wilford B. Gardner, James G. McKay, 60, former member of

Missionaries Released in Salt Lake City; G Blair Bradshaw, Salt the general board of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

City; Hillyard, Smithfield, H. Randall in missionary and Africa 190610, South 1941September, and Others LakeUtah. British Isles and the 191521, his at HuntsReportedNot Previously States: Central North Earl E. Olson, ville, Utah, 20. home, September

California: Richard G. Crandall, Salt Virginia, Idaho; Clara L. Parker, Ogden, Mary Griffiths Robinson, 88, pioneer of

Lake City; LeRoy G. Harline, Salt Lake Utah; Joseph W. Gunn, Salt Lake City; 1864, at her home in Franklin, Idaho, SepCity; Eli V. Swain, Phoenix, Arizona; Ralph Cluff L. Tippetts, Yuba City, California; tember 19. She had been married for sev-

J. Chadwick, North Ogden, Utah. Mark J. Freeman, Ririe, Idaho; Robert J. entytwo years.

Canadian: Mrs. Gloria C. Davis, BrigHolt, Clearfield, Utah. Leo B. Sharp, 41, at Salt Lake City. In

ham City, Utah. Northern States: Sidney L. D. Feinaur, 1921, while on a mission to New Zealand,

Central States: Dorothy Rasmussen, Salt San Fernando, California; Hubert S. Benhe presided over the Maori Agricultural

Lake City; Treva Howard, Idaho Falls, nett, Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert Q. Shupe, College. Other Church positions he held

Idaho; Spencer S. Hunn, Provo, Utah; Phoenix, Arizona; Leland C. Williamsen, were stake secretary of the Pioneer Stake

Grant C. Muir, Randolph, Utah; Elna Ogden, Utah; H. Randall Hillyard, SmithSunday Schools, superintendent of the

Bowen, Burley, Idaho. field, Utah. American Fork seminary, and superintend-

(Concluded on page 756) (Concluded on page 757) (Concluded on page 757) =dit&uaL

agt&A,

of ulti- "Towadays with young men being called into the iF WE were to measure the accomplishment mate purposes in terms of the lifetime of any one service, many young people feel that life holds man or of any one generation, many things that little or nothing for them. Although we may decry

are certain of eventual fulfillment would seem to the circumstances which necessitate this condition, have been in vain and hopeless. Consider for a we must recognize that coming out of it are many

moment the moral teachings of Jesus the Christ.

These many centuries they have been a standard opportunities.

of character excellence, of social responsibility, of One young man who had been called into the human kindness, and of man's relationship to man. army was talking with a group of young men and

But, unfortunately it seems that they have been a women who had gathered on the Church steps. He

standard which men have departed from rather said, "Why this will be the continuation of my than a standard which men have complied with. missionary work. I can carry the Gospel to my

We still do not love the Lord our God with all companions, and I can live my religion in such a our hearts, because the best evidence of such afway that they will be impressed with the goodness fection would be compliance with His commandof Mormonism."

ments. We still love ourselves better than our Young women should realize that they too can neighbors. The meek have not yet inherited the

earth; nor do we hunger and thirst after righteoushelp these young men remain true to their beliefs by

ness to the point where we are willing to give up writing them the little, intimate happenings from some things we like better than righteousness. their wards and stakes, by telling in their letters

Nor are we merciful to the point where our about the discussions that are being held in the friends and our business associates feel that they various ward organization meetings, and by quescan always depend upon it. Nor are we peacetioning the young men sympathetically about their

makers. We still lay up for ourselves treasures own experiences.

upon the earth, and our hearts are set upon them. Moreover, we may point out, this crisis through

Many of us still try to serve two masters. And as which we are passing isn't the first time such a

regards the mote and the beam, we still expect more situation has presented itself to our Church memof other men than we expect of ourselves. bers. And among those times, there was at least

All these things, and many more, we do and do one period when it was more heartbreaking than not do. Yet even so, these are the principles that it is today: when the Mormon Battalion was called

one day will become the basic law of this world into the service of the United States. The Latter-

"And the government shall be upon his shoulder."day Saints then were on the march, having been

(Isaiah 9:6) driven from the homes they had built and loved,

But even if the moral teachings of the Christ into a desolate, unknown country. Certainly, the

young women needed the protection and comfort had availed us nothing, yet was His coming vital of their sweethearts it husbands. Surely, and

all mission to for His mankind, was twofold—to all better for have been to them have reprin- would of pattern of code give unto men a life—a together. loyally mained But reChurch members to themciples conduct with which in accordance

sponded to the call: the women to continue with selves, and, often overlooked, but of first importance, to die that men might live. To say that we the families of those men who remained with the Pioneers, the men to travel in another direction, understand the necessity for this sacrifice, or the

with few provisions, with little opportunity for obmanner of its accomplishment, would not be wholly true. But beyond those things which we now can taining sustenance for them and the animals that

helped them in their trek. see and understand are those greater things which

we cannot now see and cannot now understand, From this point of view conditions nowadays which are nonethe-less real and vital in the workare relatively easy. Assurance is felt that every

ing out of eternal purposes, and the Atonement of step will be taken to assure the health and physical

Jesus the Christ was and is as fundamental to the wellbeing of those who are called. It remains for

eternal progress of man as are birth and death and those who are left at home to keep in touch with the life to come. them and encourage them in things of mind and

And so, though the generations were to reject of spirit.

His teachings, either in theory or practice, there still Difficult as the situation is, young men and young remains the fact that the way to life through time women should not despair or become discouraged.

without limit, toward achievement without bounds, This is a different kind of testing to learn whether in worlds without end, is the way made possible they can remain true to that which has been revealed to all men by that Savior who did for us what we in these days—-the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

could not do for ourselves. R. L. E.—M. C. /.

be resurrected from the grave. The atonement of

Jesus Christ knows no exceptions. (2 Nephi 19:Evidences and 22) Yet, after the resurrection comes the judgment. The acts on earth may forfeit many of

the possible gifts following earth existence. (3reconciliations Nephi, 26:4, 5) The spiritual redemption,

which is part of the redemption from the grave, will apparently be denied the sons of perdition.

That appears to be the meaning of the statementsxlh). Who CLfdL JthsL Smia. jd. that "he (the Lord) saves all except them"; and

that they are "the only ones on whom the second {pAdtiio/L? li)UL Jhsty &SL fi&AWLdeath shall have power."( D. & C. 76: 38, 43, 44

They who will be judged to be sons of perditionA&ct&cL? What ia. JJi&jUl Qsudim? will arise from the grave with their bodies, but their

bodies will be of no use to them, as the "second

HPhe name Perdition was given to Lucifer, a son death"is meted out to them in the final judgment.

of the morning. He refused to accept the plan The destiny of the sons of perdition is not

proposed by God the Father, for the salvation of known. They shall suffer the "second death";

His spirit children. For this defiant rebellion he they shall be subject to "everlasting punishment";

was "thrust down from the presence of God and they shall "reign with the devil and his angels in the Son,"and became Satan or the devil who eternity."What this means has not been revealed.

"maketh war with the saints of God."Those who The Lord has declared that:

do likewise, who follow Satan are denominated the

Sons of Perdition. ( Moses 4:1-4) They are they ment,And nothemanend knows;thereof, neither the place thereof, nor their torwho have known "my power, and have been made Neither was it revealed, neither is, neither will be revealed

partakers thereof, and suffered themselves through unto man, except to them who are made partakers thereof.

the power of the devil to be overcome, and to deny Wherefore the end, the width, the height, the depth, and the truth and defy my power."( D. & C. 76:31 the misery thereof, they understand not, neither any man

However, Lucifer was "an angel of God who was except(D. & C.those76:4546,who 48.)are ordained unto this condemnation. in authority in the presence of God."He had

risen high in knowledge, understanding, and power. It must be a terrible punishment beyond human

He was Lucifer, a son of the morning (of light). comprehension, the greatest conceivable, yet a

For his rebellion there was no excuse. He comjustified punishment. Since the greatest sin is the

mitted the unpardonable sin, in denying that of unpardonable sin, it would appear that they will which he had full and complete knowledge. He forfeit all the gains of the ages of preexistence and

father thereby the became of lies. (See Doctrine the years on earth. It is no wonder that the hea32-48.) 76:26, and Covenants, vens wept "over Lucifer's rebellion."(D. 6 C 76: It is probable that only personages who have

acquired similar full knowledge, who wilfully and 26) deliberately deny the truth, when they know it to President Brigham Young has suggested that the be the truth, can commit the unpardonable sin and ultimate punishment of the sons of perdition may become sons of perdition. They are sons of perbe that they, becoming disorganized, must start

dition because "having denied the Holy Spirit over again, must begin anew the long journey of after having received it, and having denied the Only their existence, repeating the steps that they took

Begotten Son of the Father, having crucified him in the eternities before the Great Council was held.

unto themselves and put him to open shame."They That would be punishment, indeed! "They will

must have had a fullness of knowledge; a testimony be decomposed, both soul and body, and return to

destroyed. cannot be which be on must One a high their native element. I do not say that they will be to fall history so world's eminence low; and few in

have attained such a height. It is doubtful if even annihilated; but they will be disorganized, and will

Judas, who betrayed Jesus, was sufficiently enbe as if they had never been; while we live and

lightened to become a son of perdition, ( D. & C. retain our identity and contend against those prin76:35; Gospel Doctrine, 1st ed., p. 545 ) Cain was ciples which tend to death or dissolution."(Jorcalled Perdition because of his sin, but it is added nal of Discourses, 7:57) "The clay that marred in

"for thou wast also before the world,"implying a the potter's hands was thrown back into the unreason from out the preexistent world, for this prepared portion to be prepared over again."{Ibid.,

heavy punishment. (Moses 5:24) Moreover, the 2:124)

is of perdition, expression, in sons often the used little While of the is known sons of perdition all disciples scriptures to describe Satan, of who their destiny, and little yet the stands known as a in lies, delight necessarily without and defy God committing the unpardonable sin. The many brethwarning to all men. To deal carelessly with truth,

ren and sisters who have propounded questions to deny it when once gained, to defy the laws of about the sons of perdition may rest secure that truth which are the laws of God, must be counted with their present knowledge they cannot become among the greatest sins. Those who deal lightly

sons of perdition. with truth in their lives, though they may not beAccording to Mormon doctrine, the bodies of all come sons of perdition, must expect a heavy pun-

A. W. who have had a mortal existence upon earth will ishment, which often begins in mortality.—/.

STOCK YOUR, PANTRY AT PRESENT PRICES Let them ini By JANE ROMNEY CRAWFORD

blooming. I was amazed to see the

birds that sang for glee because they feasted on its sweetness. I

learned to welcome the common sparrow who before had seemed a nuisance, and now I often plead his cause with neighbors who have always abhorred him. These little

birds are man's true friends; they

make their homes among us; they

friends I have you? the forcunning near go and do not Howhavemanya host are clever, persistent, cautious and of delightful acest; protect dethe they parks and

quaintances whom you, perstroy the cutworms, moths, and haps, have not met. Come with me noxious insects. Now I take delight

ship. row bowing and parading himself.DELICIOUS. and enjoy an adventure in friendin watching the plain brown sparThe friends to whom I refer will before his lover, in hopes she will

TlalwiaL QhsuLdJL stay as long as you permit; they accept him. When she does they

PIMENTO will go when you wish; and they fly away together to prepare a cozy

if fail will to apartment. their not offended at cunbe I marvel you AGED CHEDDAR ning they yourself. the beside when can speak up one come word You LUNCH DUTCH robin and quickly snatch or laugh they cry and say at what the worm

do, and never feel embarrassed; you he has so patiently caught, and then

can learn how they feel and not fly off to feed their young. So,

seem inquisitive. You can take a knowing more about the birds I

peep into every land as you sit in know myself the better and from your arm chair; you can learn the these common creatures learn great

meaning of the stars, the call of lessons.

birds, the language of the flowers, Then "Wholesome Personality'test, the along came and put me to take, that the thoughts forms even Retailer's ICE BOX left jewels of with a casket me let and will give the time to only if you book friends visit you. I am learning to wear by using. BeORDER XMAS CANDIES greatSuchdelight,visits andhavemy affordedlife is moreme thefore wayit is totooa latefinelyI hopebalancedto knowself,

NOW FROM YOUR DEALER abundant today because of them. one that will grow in wisdom and

understanding, braving through that I I one think, remember As life's self will vicissitudes, that a to told guests of these Wake me BEST THE GET TO SURE MAKE ultimately perfection. approach

I if that would Live"and GET YOU and Up I shall forget of the a Never

I the must do anything accomplish in he home. Prophef my visitHow to would thing, the do power and giving, love, soul to of spoke of my times mine. many then be How of selfknowl- houses, clothes, of of something I to longed do had pleasure, edge, prayer, of and and PINK AND BOX GOLD I felt could while, but had worth to too lessons other precious many

I wishing and sadly not; so on went

tell love Concerning now. you

It is simple enough doing. never he the follow though bade me way

if how, one anything knows to do steep, clearly be hard and warning which something to learn but to do to love's not seek and me peace gives power, one's seems beyond only, pleasure the but to accept

It courage takes unspeakable. joy unselfishgrinding test of love's

are there patience, but and much

I felt ness. to giving, behad As those discovered to by be worlds

I its fore that and worth knew

I up. giving before try Now who spirit, proper taught but he me reaching thinking find myself and

I given, Gifts more. which had finger beyond even You'll out own You've Admit Never my I fullheartedly thought, paid were

in I reach not tips think and and Delicious Tasted Such for in returned to for the joy me vain. is giving. this the selfsaid He of Chocolates Assortment

I a to choose chanced day One self ishness. as give of the must We

it's it's Birds. Glade's the friend Life good knew of If who their flowers of give and perfume

I loved birds but knew so little

Brande, Wake Up And Litre. DEALER HAS YOUR THEM PACKED to took them! me about He my 2Burnham,1Dorothea Personality. Wholesome 1-2-3 IN 5-POUND AND BOXES tree apple Prophet. an was where sGibran, The yard back

diomivu} 14X1 never tire of giving, for only this is unselfishness.

And so the thoughts he left with Borden's and I philoshave become my me now it serio towe take is mine ophy; and what was his

day because I let him in. With friends like these and many And in Utah—

more I have felt the thrill of rowhere much Bormance, the joy of travel, and the den milk is propower of conquest. Today, I exduced—purity is

perience a sense of gratitude to our watchword.

them for the contribution they have made to the world and to me. Right Fine Utah cows give this

now a host of noble friends are rich milk, which Borden's knocking at your door. Open it evaporates and irradiates

wide and bid them enter! right here in Logan.

Look for the familiar blue and white Borden label at your grocer's today.

AitooRslioriief IF IT'S fifi/idswiL. Utah

Product IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD By Barbara Badger Burnett

Chile Con Carne

1 pound round steak, ground onion, chopped butter Y1 cuptablespoon 1 can baked red kidney beans 1 small can tomato soup Y1 teaspoonteaspoon saltchili powder

Brown the meat and the onion in the butter. Add the beans, soup, and seasonings, and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.

Christmas Bell Salad

Dissolve a small amount of red coloring in pear juice. Place halves of canned pears

in the coloring and let stand until tinted a delicate pink. Drain and fit two halves

together. Cut a slice off the large end

so it will stand straight and give the appearance of a bell. Spread the cut side

of each half with cheese and fill the cavity with currant jelly. Place halves together.

Place on lettuce cups and serve with whipped cream or mayonnaise. "Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools.

Produced by Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperative Association.

Mince Meat and Apple Crumb Pie

Line a nine inch pie pan with pastry.

Spread over bottom of pastry a layer of mince meat. Combine and arrange over the

sliced apples and cups meat mince two ITAMINS all-Y sifted sugar. cup cup Combine Y - flour sugar. purpose and for Work CUP Defense Y

butter. Sprinkle the in tablespoons crumb of winter 4 ravages colds.... Proper against mixture over apples. Bake in a hot oven VVICTORY energy foods build strong bodily resistance....

(450 degrees) ten minutes, then reduce Be sure your cold weather diet includes plenty of temperature and continue baking in a moderate oven (375 degrees) thirty minutes. Original McDONALD'S

Whipped Cream Sauce (For Christmas Pudding) DON'TBOILGOGOA

Beat well 1 egg yolk. Add and mix well 10c Cocoa Baking Chocolate

2 tablespoons powdered sugar and ]A teaSweet Cake Ground Chocolate run tit it l until stiff spoon vanilla. Whip COCOA cream. whipping cream Fold whipped Y intocup THE HOUSE of Mcdonald

Street 1481 South Main Salt Lake City. Utah

{Concluded on page 740) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941,< IN LOS ANGELES visable to stock goods used in the dem- <e# i:- Cooks'Corner onstration.

739) {Concluded page from attended the have Those who Eta hotil //mmmk schools stimufound have them stiffly cooking white, then mixture, 1 egg yolk 5th at Spring helpful. lating and Barbara Badger pudding. hot beaten. Serve over

Tariff from $2.50 Burnett, the demonstrator, is an expert

Hot Lemon Sauce home economics instructor and has for successful years conducted cookmany in and sugar two together Headquarters Utah Recognized Mix % cup Angeles Los ing in schools Salt City, Utah. Lake cornstarch. slowly tablespoons Add 1J4

Director Managing V. SMITH, CLAYTON stirring conto water. tasty, boiling prepare Cook, cups a She knows how Salt of Lake City Formerly three until thickened. stantly add Then is inexpensive even menu, and what

tablespoons lemon juice, rind of one lemon, better she can tell others how to pretwo tablespoons butter, pinch of salt, and pare the menus that she uses.

34 teaspoon vanilla. The attendance record of Holladay

the family in from every tablespoons unsweetened chocolate or sentative got 3 Chocolate Caramels Ward, where Mrs. Burnett had a reprethe popularity with ward, indicates cocoa

1 J/3 cups sweetened condensed milk which this venture of the Eta, the syrup corn cup cooking school, is being met.—M. C. /. Y2

of salt pinch 1 vanilla Christmas teaspoon Yi cup chopped nuts A subscription to of Dissolveboiling thewater.chocolateAdd inthea smallmilk, amountsyrup,

and salt, and cook slowly, stirring conPayment for Handy Hints used will be

The Improvement Era stantytested untilin coldmixturewater.formsRemovea firm ballfromwhenthe onethat dollartwo withuponthepublication.same idea areIn submitted,the event

heat. Add vanilla and nuts. Pour into a the one postmarked earlier will receive the

buttered pan and cut in squares when cool. dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, To your boys who are away. but each will receive careful consideration.

Quick Fondant fire If fat of frying catches pan your do To milk condensed sweetened cup your friends who are at 2/$ this to flame, the as water not out use put 1 vanilla teaspoon home. fire. will the handfuls spread only Use sugar 4 powdered cups

salt fat table the of the burning on and close to home and them the vanilla. Keep and Add sugar flame Mix the milk will soon be smothered.—Mrs. R. W.,

until creamy. and gradually, smooth mixing Utah. Tremonton, ties. Church

After peeling onions crush a sprig of (Use the coupon on page 705.) parsley and rub the hands well, then wash. The odor will be gone entirely.—Mrs. V. F.

"The 'Era'gives pleasure and profit // Salt Lake City. to every faithful member of the Church SiilL "oinq Jb JowrL Place a pad under the oilcloth cover on

to it, table, it lessens kitchen noise, the as tendency a it has your reads and who better gets school and cooking "pACH to its desire easier cleaning doubles a with wearand reader makes every inspire *-"'best the one better. yet was But pleasthe L. H., St. friends share same his O. Anthony, have ing quality.—Mrs. the in Holladay held that Ward of Idaho. Grant. J. ure."—Heber

Stake. huntwo With Cottonwood

in efficiency cleaning quickness and For living in the ward, seven families dred last the batter of the from cake mixing persons nine were and hundred two I into the use pans an inexpensive in bowlthe attendance. So enthusiastic was the rerubber plate scraper (can be bought at a

that school this cooking from store) the job in a jiffy. dime and is doneIty USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS sponse

it adBrazil. Paulo, the vicinity stores in have found Mrs. A. B., Sao W.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

Hall's Canker Remedy 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah

A CAREER IN BERUTV

Offers you Good Pay

'Security Opportunity Joinwomenthe whoranksare ofmakingalert

QU1SH TRAINING pay big dividends in this pleasant, profitable profession. Mail

coupon today for FREE, illustrated catalog.

Name Address City State

SCHOOL OF

BERUTV338 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN Salt Lake City, Utah PEOPLE ATTENDING "ERA"COOKING SCHOOL HELD IN HOLLADAY WARD, COTTONWOOD STAKE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

is dipped if cutter cookies, cutting time, cookiesWhenin a water each pan of will have a smooth edge. Mrs. J. H. B., Peru, Indiana. "DINNER AT THE DODDS'ISN'T

piano keys them and to keep To whiten occasionally white, rub the with keys a LIKE THISNOT ANY MORE/"cloth dipped in alcohol; then dry with soft,

clean, dry cloth. Do not get the alcohol I* "Things had come to a pretty pass at our house.

on any wood or varnish. Mrs. Z. K. E., David brought his paper to dinner. Peter insisted on

Chandler, Arizona. listening to the radio. Buddy fed his choicest morsels

When sifting flour for cake use two sheets to Rover. Nobody cared. I was just 'the woman who

of waxed paper—sift flour on one sheet. works here'."

Put sifter on the other and empty the flour back in the sifter and continue as many times as necessary.—Mrs. L. R. P., Ogden,

Utah.

The Message To Globe {Concluded from page 729)

one big boulder he lunged and fell back, pulling his rider back on top of him. For a fraction of a moment

both lay panting. They finally struggled to their feet, passed the obstruction, and were on their way

again.

It was getting dusk. From the

top of the rise BahHah saw a campfire. He approached it cautiously

and found only some old Indians and squaws cooking a stew of some kind. As he rode up he recognized

one of the men, who urged him to get off and eat with them. The

savory smell made the boy very hungry. His rations consisted of

parched corn and dried venison, but he refused their hospitality or even to dismount and rest.

Indian did not stop until boy The

I wrote Miss Dixon, 2. "What to do? Especially 3. "Lo, the a miracle! my soup.

his delivered he message. had favorite columnist. her answer a taste And was simAfter chicken of that new Rancho

About noon on the third day Alply amazing. 'What you need,'she said, 'is to gumbo, or the new Rancho cream of mushchesay came into the post. He make dinner an occasion—with a new recipe room, my family kept their eyes glued to the

waited around not far from headbook, flowers on the table, and the dignity table clear through dessert. Such big pieces of

quarters. A watchman with field of soup. Good soup demands attention. Why plump, tender chicken, such big chunks of tasty

glasses and a megaphone was stadon't you try those grand Rancho soups?'"mushroom—and so much more in Rancho!"

tioned on a tower overlooking the countryside for miles around.

By now the people of the Fortknew of the incident. "Would the RANCHO

chief's son be able to reach Globe?"

the questionwas on everyone's SOUPS top quality produce, blended to Westerntongue. few minutes A

recipes. after four favoriteMade fromold Western lowpriced. All amazingly

o'clock the sentinel reported that he saw a moving object coming out of the timber. This announcement UNDERPACKEDCONTINUOUS

brought everyone outside. "It is a INSPECTIONAGRICULTURALOF THE

person on horseback,"said the MARKETING SERVICE watchman. In a minute or two he 0FTKEU.S.DEPT.0FAGRICULTURE

lifted his megaphone and in his clear- 4. "First thing I knew, David was providest is "It tones shouted, on BahHah the flowers, ing a special with rose for me. Rancho ChickenGumbohis stallion."buckskin Cheers went didn't that he was Miss What know Dixon Vegetable theup from anxious mingled crowd 'I'll practically added, had guarantee Rancho Tomato stirringwith the of the music best to spirits. soups wildest the tame That's besbuite ChickenNoodle in the the tired asband west cause they're to boy timeproved recipes, made

Pea hiswith all hours again rode across simmered to their flavor.'the develop mount for Asparagus

parade ground. He had delivered Lucky me! And Rancho costs so little, too."Cream of Mushroom

his message to Globe.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 194

Whatsoever Ye Ask {Concluded Itom page 723) carrying something in a tin dishpan covered with a white cloth.

the gate; to Impulsively I skipped 3 Pottery Bow

it, she might perhaps if I opened BAH for breakfast, lunch, and dinner table come right in. Sure enough,

she was coming to see us; it was

mumsOBT and flewSisterto Mills,proceedourherneighbor.to our openI fairlydoor.

Mills at the met Sister Grandmother ONLY C 2 BOX TOPS to invited her door and smilingly 50 enter. I could not understand why

These bowls are of fine table pottery in a cheery grandmother did not immediately

POLKA DOT canaryacross. yellow.For cereals,Over 2andinchesmanyhigh;othernearlytable6 inchesuses. askcarryingSisterin herMillspan.whatI wasshe surewas

the bluing modem—is I at once. so should have done Howof Polka from box a just send us a top get them, right To with use soap you

for ever, to wait, I did long not have or the tub washer. in of top bluing, from box a the a Dot, and modern

Blues while you 'wash. Sister Mills walked to the table, set

PAR Par,(less thethanmodernhalf whatgranulatedyou'd expectsoap,to withpay for50 bowlscents downGrandmotherher pan,said, and turning to—is the modern granuof this quality). Send your box tops and 50 cents to "Sister Hall, I thought you might

lated soap which conflour; a of white mixing enjoy

glycerine tains both Mills grist today, Brother got a small and PAR SOAP CO.. 767 - 85th Ave., Oakland, Calif. Pyro.

and I told him that I was sure that a 'batch'of white bread would be appreciated by you folks. I am so

glad I can spare you this much."

I remember my eyes seeking grandmother's face. For some reason she did not look at Sister Mills

and nourishment are what in just the same manner as she had ELAVOR looked at me when I had asked her you want in bread... and you get both in Royal for a piece of bread. She seemed

overjoyed and relieved. She thanked

Enriched Bread. Delicious, substantial, natural Sister Mills, telling her that she

bread flavor. Extra nutritive value due to added whathad beenshe wouldwonderingdo forall bread,afternoonfor

vitamins and iron. it would be several days before my mother would receive the money

with which to buy flour. Of course,

grandmother did not know why Sister Mills had brought the flour just at;r the particular time when we most FINE:.=- needed it. But I did—and then, of

MeaD! course, God knew.

Sister Louise a paused Stoddard BAKING COMPANY ROYAL a soft as she smoothed moment and Salt Lake Ogden.Every.. Fresh silk coverlet, Day wrinkle a lovely from Grocer's American at Your 100% Homeowned—100% one of the many products of her own

diligence, which lay across her bed, where she has been confined for a strange, weeks; sweet but many

m:-:%- smile lighted as she face her FOR CHRISTMAS—Give—tinued, con-

"Though my mother departed just little incident after this a years few telling of you, been which I have GOSPEL STANDARDS k

A new book by President Heber J.j leavingmuch needme ata anmother,age whenand, girlsthoughso

It is i I was compelled to learn from bitter Grant—400 pages—$2.25 a copy.

colorful, vital /interesting. Order from experiences many of the lessons of

"The Improvement Era,"or book deal-> life; still, I have always been grateers everywhere. (See page 707.) ful that my mother left with me one of the greatest of all gifts—the love

An "Improvement Era"publication. offaithourin Gospel,the Fatherandofa usmostall, implicitfor He

will reward in open the secret prayers >"< >o< ><i< >Q& of the heart."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

HOW THE PIONEERS ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS

CELEBRATED Seven popular flavors. Pure, delicious gelatin

CHRISTMAS forGelatin,tasty,whichcolorfulhas a desserts.meatlike AlsoflavorRoyal(not sweet),Salad

{Concluded from page 724) and is ideal for jellied soups and moulded salads.

Carpenters'Shop where "dancing ROYAL PUDDINGS was kept up with great spirit until Chocolate, Butterscotch, Vanillo Puddings and midnight when all separated highly Royal Vanilla Tapioca. Rich, smooth, creamy

delighted with their Christmas fespuddings that are easy to make.

tivities. In the course of the evening Willard Richards spoke of the ROYAL BAKING POWDER

difference between this evening and The only nationallydistributed baking powder the 27th of Tune, 1844. when the made with cream of tartar. For fluffy cakes and

tragedy at Carthage, Illinois, took grand biscuits.

place."Elder George D. Watt gives the FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

following account of this festival:—The All -Purpose Yeast

The seats in the Carpenters'Hall were for Household Use.

filled by the not to be surpassed fair daughNow—drink this famous food to your health, in

ters of Zion, and the brave hearted sons of plain, cool, tomato juice, milk or water.You'll like it!

God.

The company was called to order, and prayer was offered up by A. H. Raleigh.

The dancing was conducted as on the previous day, and the same good order, joy, and hilarity was manifested.

After the Hall was illuminated, the company was treated to a feast in the shape of vocal and instrumental music by Mr. John

Kay, his lady and two daughters, the one performed well on the Guitar, and the other on the Tambourine, at the same time accompanying their instruments with their voices, this with the sweet voice of Mrs.

Kay, and the deep bass of Mr. Kay produced a species of harmony highly delightful to the ear. The performance was much

applauded. Brother Kay sang the Seer, in

his usual pathos and sweetness, which drew from President Richards, a few touching remarks. Elder George A. Smith also addressed the meeting for a short time, after

which the dance was resumed, and continued until 10 o'clock p. m. A vote of

thanks was moved for the managers, which was responded to by 500 voices. After

benediction from Father Cahoon, the assembly retired, much gratified with their "SO MUCH BETTER"say experiChristmas festival, which was the best they enced cake makers and beginners, had ever witnessed.

too, when they use Globe "Al"Cake

In some of the communities of the Flour! Your cakes will be light, tenSaints there were not enough food der, velvetytextured—and they'll

supplies to furnish the tables. Destay fresh and moist MUCH longer

spite this shortage there was always—when YOU use this modern

a determined effort to celebrate cake flour.

Christmas in a suitable manner and make it the outstanding festival of the year. Such a spirit was manifestby the first settlers in Rockport GLOBE Al"

Ward in Summit Stake.

The few families who moved tothat region had taken but few cattle CAKE FLOUR with them that season. At Christmas time they prepared a cooper-

ative or dinner. the In community PRINTING thisSPECIAL * ad) (with 7* r *t. is training* of the foundation musical a record,Church that read "the we 1"s 'x furnishes of *PianoPIANOSeducation the center enand home "an "r, tn i3.50 jointly of purchasedmen a piece 1MSi tertainment. for Call or write demonstration 8.50 - for catalogues. forbeef in 5M they to which agreed pay Spinets from $295 Tickets, prices up New Special other on Programs and

from 5545 Grands upgrain after the following harvest."printing for Church Organizations. New

if 30 months desired to pay spirit the Thus of Christmas was PRESS HOVEY alivekept the Pioneers, by no nnvines MUSIC CO mat25 East North TempleSalt LakePhone 3-0276 47 So Salt Lake City "n Stter limited their resources how were.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

CHRISTMAS BOOKS FOR YOUNG FOLK

( Concluded from page 730) First Theatre, The First Paper Money, In order to make the story of Leif, son

The First Bridge, The First Insurance Ofof Erik the Red, an authentic one, the

LAKE OF GOLD fice. D'Aulaires did much research in both Nor-

(John Buchan. Houghton Mifflin This is a valuable addition to the history way and the United States. In their writCompany, Boston, 1941. 190 pages. of early America. ing the authors have been careful to pre-

$2.00.) serve the spirit and even the language of

using the are ancient Vikings, words which COULEE THE MYSTERY GRAND as well story as a includes bookThis Fulton. Doubleday, their (Reed rather Doran, Latin. in origin than Teutonic girls was and boys and for poems

1941. City, and delightful Company, will Garden experience a be book The to wished Buchan because Johnwritten

it. pages. 284 $1.75.) for child read adult both and who the realize of children Canada thehelp

this of historical background it author's that statesromantic has Foreword THE RAILROAD BOB THE plot AND into the weaves authorcountry. The his in to present story been "endeavor Illustrated. Double- (Sanford Tousey. from of history Canada the his storyof the of absorbing profesform one most day, Garden Doran, and Company, its in lived who remote the men of timethe to sions boys, using as open background a 1941. $1.00.) City, 54 pages. first the came Norsemen beforelands even all of the greatest engineering achievements

history, the with along land. theto a And of being had dreamed Barton Coulee With Dam."this BOB feel the readers the makes authorthe story into builder, great -—thebackground,Grand the railroad moves rapidly played even as he

force of the outof-doors and of nature, surefire action. Ed Doyle had planned to with his toy trains along the route as his

so that boys and girls will gain new vigor attend college, but the very day he arrived father helped build the railroad in Utah.

in reading this, Buchan's last book for to enroll, his grandfather was robbed of How he came to uncover the plot to wreck them. the money which he had been paid for his the train and eventually won his first laurels

TWO BRIDGETS landGrandto Couleebe usedDam.as part of the site of the onrailroaderthe waywill tofurnishbecomingpleasurablea fullfledgedreading

(Cynthia Hathaway. Illustrated. Young Doyle set to work as a laborer for the six to ten year old reader.

Doubleday, Doran, New York, 1941. on the dam—and the things he learned in-

$1.00.) cluded more than many of the others workers THE CUCKOO CALLS

finally his learned. Ingri Illustrated Burglon, avenged Doyle by (Nora How that name her wished hasn't child grandfather's as as death robbery the well D'Aulaire. C. Winston Parin and JohnWHAT the one than other something was fascinating reading Philadelphia, 1940. make Company,

until she Bridget, It with so was has?she to sixteen. for twelve $2.00.) pages. 280 willgirls—from of hisboys—andmother been she had of story the whylearned

its title Finnish old takes from an book her greatgrand- like just Bridget,named The ARNOLD hears that the cuckoo saying a very NICHOLAS whoever and been a pioneer hadmother, who Illustrated. F. Lansing. (Marion

will luck. call the have west from good Jukka girl. sweetbrave, Doran, and Doubleday, Company,

sister, the his Vendla, twin heard and pages. City, 1941. $2.00.) 277 Garden

the west. from But even cuckoo PETER call—andPETE AND

fatherhimself found this, started, Arnold luck before had Jukka's good Nicholas Illustrated. DoubleSteiner. (Charlotte

fortuin. his for into the entrance Viking parade thirteen—but

the trade, he he whichday, Doran, New York, 1941. $1.00.) natelylesshisat fatherthe agehadof taught him a had planned, had won

Children who are beginning to read will and on the very day that Washington was prize with the boy in mermaid's costume find pleasure in learning about Peter inaugurated as president in New York in whom he had rescued from drowning. Of

and his real dog, Pete, and the spotted toy 1789, Nicholas signed up as toolmaker apcourse, it wasn't the way that Jukka had dog which Pete does not like. The picprentice to David Wilkinson, friend of his planned to enter the celebration, but what

tures cleverly intensify the interest of the father. In his new work, adventure awaited did that matter so long as he had the prize?

story. him, for he found it necessary to watch But the real luck came when their old

carefully lest the new machine be destroyed bog yielded treasures of another era, and

THE LONG CHRISTMAS before it could be completed. But the un- a museum was founded on their land. Into

(Ruth Sawyer. Illustrated. The expected happened, and Nicholas was acthis moving tale of a great country, the

intimate her knowledge to author has woven trying of the cused deed very he was Press,Viking New York, 1941.

the of of the as the as well Finns customs the truth prevent. revealed was However $2.50.)200 pages.

characters, great as Field such Marshal to help a chance and Nicholas was given

These littleknown Christmas legends Eli Whitney with his cotton gin. Manneiheim and Svinhufvud, the Father of

deserve an honored place for young and The book is a fine book for boys to read, Finland. M. C. J. -

old during the Christmas holidays. Valenti both for the story itself and for the wholeAngelo does his usual expert work in illussome attitude toward work which it enWHERE THE WINDS NEVER BLEW

titles are of which the the stories,trating genders. (Padraic Colum.

Fiddler, Play inviting: The Shepherds;so Company, NewIllustrated.York, 1940.MacChristmas Faster;Fast, The Flay Wee pages. $1.50.) ISLAND i millan"96 VANISHED

Night; ween; The na of GoodCabin Cam Illustrated. (Cornelia Macmillan Meigs. has long recognized been T)adraic Colum Schnootzle; The Schnotzle, andSchnitzle, 1941. York, New for accomplished writer adults. * as an others. Bernardino; and of manyGold pages. $2.00.) The Company,258 his ability to delightwrite Fewer stories the know also that have indicatetides

come from Spain, the Isle of Man, Ireland, Thinking that it would be easy work, Don fully for children. In this story, Mother

Finland, Austria, France, Rome. Perry secured a job on a Mississippi Gabble the goat, Gruff the dog, Krakkrak

These stories will enliven the Yule seasteamboat, the Mary Norton. But once the cricket, Croddie the pigeon, Droileen

son and increase an understanding for cusaboard, he learned that it takes constant the wren, and Speckle the guinea hen all toms of people from all countries of the work, courage, and resourcefulness to mainJived together happily and even made room earth. tain a job. The story is chockfull of infor more. A delightful Irish folk tale this

terest and adventure which will captivate Where the Winds Never Blew, one to tickle

IN GOOD OLD COLONY TIMES readers of from ten to fourteen. the fancy of both child and adult.

( Louise A. Kent and Elizabeth K. Tarshis. In addition to the plot, the characterIllustrated. Houghton Mifflin Company, ization is well done as it has always been RASPBERRY PATCH

Boston, 1941. 99 pages. $2.50.) by this exceptional writer, Cornelia Meigs. (Story and pictures by Grace Paull.

Doubleday, Doran and Company, first the deals huntwo bookTHIS 1.50.) City, 1941. Garden LUCKY THE in LEIF creates of years dred withBoston—and illustrated and (Written and by Ingri

is instory for the this very for the appreciation reader youngthe a Tn deep D'Aulaire, Doubleday, Parin Edgar typifies: in Bostonthing * corporated the which wisdom for beginnings of love a City, Doran, Garden Company, and

cultural for developdesire lesser creations, the the caterpillar,government, as such 1941. $2.00.)

business. in farsightedness thement, bee, grasshopper, the the The daddy and

book is indicative of a great deal of reThis story of the first occupation of longlegs. And into it all is woven the

search and discriminating care in selecting Greenland and America is beautifully simple home life that prompts a mother to those items which first happened in Boston told and illustrated by the authors whose gather in the raspberries to make jam for such as, The First Circulating Library, the Abraham Lincoln won the Caldecott Medal. the winter care of her young ones.

EtllelchizedeOriesthoo CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL. CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

THE 1942 COURSE OF NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO doesthe menacenot takeof intothe drinkingconsiderationdriver,theforfactit STUDY that only a relatively few drivers drink.

a quotes Safety Council The National COLUMN this the issue begin outlines Tn that in revealing the drunk study Evanston A is fiftyfive questions likely the as times driver and to 1942 become for driver. in accident an as a sober course all Melchizof study for Shall Women Smoke? involved

the vigorously to stop acted Indiana has (see edek Priesthood quorums title this Relief injury, destruction death, Tnder Society caused The and by page 746). *"* legislature driver. state the drinking The for reOctober, Magazine 1941, is text Teachings The "The

first in the the of a to nation pass one was article an from Health Good Smith,"a 410 Joseph of J>ae printed drivers'revocation providing for of law Baker, written L. Alonzo assoby book, Fieldcompiled by Joseph forin cases. licenses also such law The editor. ciate is of This the best one ing Historian. Smith, Church for sentences drinking bids suspended

Originally priced at $2.50 a copy, articles on the subject that we have drivers and authorizes the use of the drunkthis book is now made available seen. It is short, truthful, and chal- o-meter. at $2.00 a copy, net, postpaid, in lenging. Every woman—single, wife South Bend's safety organizations, both any quantity. or mother—could read it with interest official and private, have resolved to rid

this driver. drinking of city the Leaders It profit. is informative chaland and the PriestEvery member of

all life supporting strongly in of are walks lenging. clearly writes Baker Mr. and this highly prize hood would in to efforts police apprethe courts and to point. the topically volume, treated which, drinks. driver the hend who article printed in folder has been The in outlined the and "Era"each tolerate the city longer This can no

is distributed being form widely and drivers. drivers, of presents drinking month, prospect These hazards a of

the their above put own pleasure the study for woman, of all, every man, year of fundamental byI. A.the CopiesGleanermaygirlsbeofsecuredthe Y. W.free M.by safetywho menace interest. value and

applying to the General Board of Y. W. and child who uses South Bend's streets.

M. I. A. or the general campaign comSince drinking drivers will not respect

they decency, sense nor common common mittee at the Office Building, Church of Appreciation WordA the the police taught hard must be by way City. Salt Lake

courts. the Sa}e South and Bend The an intimation{"Occasionally is given Division, Drivers'Asso'League, Safety Driver that the Drinking brethren The at headquarters ciation Commerce. of

do not appreciate the efforts made by Is a Menace to All stake authorities and quorum to adwill readily of All readers this column title this National Tnder Voice The interests the ofvance the Priesthood *"* for exclamation, assent to the "Good in its issue of produced October theirquorums and members. are We Drivers'of the South Safe League 1 courtesy of 6 those responsible and by thatsorry feel this one should any way Bend!"it, for in advertisement the an South really for facts does) the (if he not do

our stake Bend No- (Indiana) Tribune which said We suggest that iswarrant such a feeling. truth The

in part: commitcampaign LiquorTobacco Authoritiesthat the General are highly

affiliated their tees observance law andappreciative efforts of the and made is driver the dangerous most The one is hint take committees from a whatthe being done. In their work it. great facts drinks. Accident prove who The

in somebeing South and do Bend done is National Safety alcohol says Council aanxiety it to see the progress work to likewise. well might thing go They factor in out fatal five one of every accibe that sometimesmay they fail to excivil city their respective county and dents.

press or show the genuine appreciation But even this startling fact does not show (Continued on page 746) they really feel.

"This is the Lord's work. Our principles and doctrines are of divine origin.

But the Lord must depend on us poor weak mortals to do His work."We

all possess weaknesses and these more or less handicap us in our efforts to serve the Lord. But the important thing TRIDELL CHURCH FARM

is for us to keep trying and never give Here are pictured part of the up. If we are conscious of our weakmen and teams working for Tridell

nesses and use the will power the Lord wereChurchhandledfarm, bywhosethe Priesthoodthirty acresin has given us we can with His help re1941.1941 program,On the twentyoneopening dayteamsof

duce their number by overcoming them. andbusy eighteenpreparing singlethe landhandsfor werethe

With the Lord's help we can whip the Welfare program.

devil.

If the General Authorities seem to indicate the weaknesses and failures in

Priesthood work, it is only to encourage the workers to make more strenuous efforts to overcome them. They

warmly appreciate your sincere efforts and rejoice in your accomplishments.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

Melchizedek Priesthood

(Continued from page 745) officers—all who have to do with enforcement of traffic rules and laws—

and urge their strict and full enforcement.

All will no doubt agree that the drinking driver is a hazard that ought not to be permitted at a motor car wheel.

He is not permitted to drive railway locomotives, public busses, taxicabs, trucks, etc. Why should he be alto drive privatelowed cars? Human

is life immensely too precious to be BROWNSVILLECHAPEL, SPANISHBRANCH

MISSION, AMERICANsnapped out by devotees of King AlAFTER BEFORE ANDcohol. PROJBEAUTIFICATION

Stake committees, will you please ECT.

get busy with this matter, also with other pertinent matters? Keep yourobjective—ourselves busy with peoplethings pertinentfree fromto ourthe

use of liquor and tobacco.

Ogden's Fine Work TThe High Priests quorums of Ogden

Stake is a quorum that does things.

It made an outstanding record a few years ago when it got 100% of its members on the tithing record, where they have continued.

The officers of this quorum took to heart the assignment of the First PresiBROWNSVILLE BEAUTIFICATION all to the Priesthooddency quorums for to repairs improvements the be Mission made and the SpanishAmerican Tn theof Church, and Melchizedek chapel grounds. on the project and The project beautincation Churchwide their free toAaronic, from members the directed ably very under capable was of part. Several plays important anthe liquor of tobacco. use their In and Stettler, of Elders and R. Golden I supervision completed. projects been our have Stettler, they of enrollment beingquorum Barraclough. Elder an have A. John

518. Thirtytwo of these were adam enclosing herewith in quotations a skilled in this work, was equally experidicts of one or both of these narcotics. corrected account of the completed enced in obtaining the best quality materials

project at the Brownsville, Texas cost; great at the lowest thereby saving officers their campaign. plannedThe

original estimates. over the Durmade as submitted A. was Branch, by Elder John contact""personal had methodThe entire ing the included program, which a Barraclough: It tithing in thesucceeded campaign. roof, sidewalks, erecsteps and cement new

in succeed liquortobacco themust picket tion fence, of painting a and new the southernmost Texas, Brownsville, started tocampaign. but work, fixtures lighting arrangement, They and new States, city the in population has United a

it all replacdoors, difficult screens on and than foundthey windows more much is of approximately per 27,000, 85 which glass, curtains ing of several panes new tithingin the campaign. were There in the mis1920, year cent Early Mexican.

entire the painting of hung, and sewn lifehabits of a long to overcome. The first their the sionaries work among began

out, general inside structure a and and firstdesire quit to created. smoking their labors was 1923 people, and by Mexican

lot, exthe cent of one not cleanup was sufficiently that chapel a progressed had in struggle the to so began doThen project kind. labor for of pended any The Spirit of the the with Lord needed, so wasearnest. occurred Lapses and now cost. a completed below With $300 was the missionaries the and them upon memthen, short duration. of but they were fine of the the cooperation and members

in edifice to to erect labored which bers an their strugwith workers prayed missionaries, undertaking the ladyThe was in Father our Heaven. worship spite in eight less in than weeks, completed enbrethren sympatheticallygling and

couraged them to continue the fight Approval was received in March, 1941, of inclement weather.

which was done with the result that nearly all finally won the fight. The

few who haven't yet fully succeeded The presidency wrote of a considerthings to do is to avoid inactivity in are going to succeed. They are still able number of similar incidents, rethis important cause.

marking: for help the bothpraying from Lord Enforceand Observance The Law

their asbrethren, from were whoand Salt of. County, Lake Committee is rement highly story gem. Every a. A to thesigned work. in stakes affiliated the seventeen with business spected man, was among who the quotations following from The is continuous of county, example the an called the addicts been a ago, year has are presidency thereport of quorum field. its chairin special activity The of helping special to apart the set and worktouching they says Brother Mozley, Frank man,

their in strugdesperate the remaining few are that they see ahead so work much related railroad retired how man A gle. are encouraging prospects very The It to appears almost overwhelmed.

quit, finally he toanxious he and was in our for success quorum complete making in of difficulties the that the us way all retiring wentfasted Before he day. one free the use of from wholly 518 members this are for committee successful work

before the Lord and pleaded with Him to of liquor and tobacco. so great that when the committee can

take the appetite and the craving from him. succeed in its work, which it certainly

He has never touched tobacco since, for "There is no excellence without is doing, there should be no failures in two days the very smell of it had allabor."What others have done you of similar committees in other counties

ready become repulsive to him. may do. And one of the most essential and stakes in the intermountain region.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

c. Restoration of the Book of MorMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, January, 1942 d. monRevealingthroughof theMoronikeys of the PriestText: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. hood

e. Organization of the Church

III. Keys of Authority Restored

of all of and authority power c. a. Keys groaning People 1 under corruption,LESSON

restored revealed dispensations and tyranny and bloodshed (253) the Prophet JosTeachings Read of 112:3031) Cov. (Doc. c. & has Devil great to deceive power relating selected paragraphs Smith,eph all 1, received from keys Prophet (227)

to topics indicated from pages 1315, V. Betrayers of the Brethren (156) the ancient prophets from Adam

16, 4748, 6668, 90, 101, 156, 161, 193, a. Be not betrayers of to Peter, James, and John

213, 225, 227, 240, 241, 253, 268, 303, 1. Heaven b. Gospel ordinances restored (Doc.

358; Rev., chap. 12; Isa. 29:1314. 2. Jesus Christ 6 Cov. 128:1122; 110:1116)

1. the 264) (168, same Always 3. brethren The in indicated references are(Page

Zion Building of 4. IV. The revelations of The God different topics.) afterparentheses Faith of Article a. Tenth b. All sins other to not be compared hisinto to intention go the It is not Israel (Doc. 1. of Gathering & Cov. to sinning against the Ghost Holy during detailstorical the apostasy of 133:4-15, 110:11; 35) traitor proving to and the breth- a

the past history of the world. This ren (156) 2. Restoration of Ten Tribes (Doc.

general apostasy is referred to but in- c. Do not follow example of adver- & Cov. 133:2634; Jer. 16:14cidentally. That there was a "falling sary in accusing the brethren ( 1 93 16)

among Revelator a. the John 1. If other, accuse ornot do you each doctrines true the and fromaway"

their for prepare them to them will not accuse God you of primitive ofganization Church the (Essentials Church return of apostates numerous d. Always from literally is fact accepted Christ aJesus 126) p. History, true Church (6668) great Saints and Latterday byby all (Ether in built America to be b. Zion 1. sins of Because of unrepented

others. ofnumbers 13:2-10) 2. destitute Left the Spirit of by

The restoration of the Gospel came God 1. The new Jerusalem

because mankind had turned away from 3. Become most bitter opponents c. Old Jerusalem to be rebuilt (Ether

the true worship and teachings of the of truth (67) 13:5, 1112)

Gospel. The Priesthood with its power 4. Become as much darkened as d. Saints to be saved only by the

in heart the gathering of pure (183) they before were enlightened earth the taken blessings fromand was the Lord place before take 5. 1. Must diligence Seek with to double (Rev. the Revelatoras seen by John the ungodly takes vengeance on destroy those they loved once it necesthis departure and made12), gathering 2. of the purpose Main in of danger being men

for the heavens of opening thesary orperform build to temples and in e. Aspiringled astray (225)

this dispensation known as that of the f. Disregarding or disobeying counsel dinances therein

Fulness of Times. gives devil power over offenders 3. Temples essential to restoration

The purpose of this lesson is to pre268) of blessings of the Priesthood sent to the class the teachings of the g. Those who cry transgression are V. Second Coming of Christ

Prophet Joseph Smith in relation to themselves servants of sin and chil- a. Christ to reign personally upon the

earth of dren disobedience (135) or of persons, the world whetherthose will Earth be renewed h. spirit Bitter actuating enemies to b. a coursewithin the Church, who pursue signs of His c. coming have Predicted the Church (358) leads apostoof unfaithfulness which already (160) commenced

tasy and opposition to revealed truth. Discuss d. Destroying Angel will commence

earth inhabitants of the to the waste 1. Point evidences out of present day

(See are from Me. Far Hearts I. Their (100) the apostasy from the of Lord. way

in Pearl of Smith Writings of Joseph after his will continue 2. conditions of in e. Restoration apostasy What were

cf. Isaiah Price; 29:1314) Great coming in the evidence of the Prophet? day

selfrighteousness of until a. Prevalence 1. preached to be Gospel 3. the declaration: on Comment "Darkthe (303, 241) covers of knowledge God ness prevails in the as time of Christ."now

of b. smoothfaced Condemnation (Isa. earth 11:9) 4. is betraying the accusing and Why

hypocrites (303) brethren classed sin? as heinous such a Discuss light reject the c. Priests people and

literal of restoration 1. there a be Will truth of (101) 2 LESSON the of all Gospel? Exordinances former charity d. in affection of and Lack all Restoration of Things The plain. the world (240) the in events 2. outstanding Enumerate the of Prophet "Teachings spirits e. Joseph the in earth Read abroad Lying

times. of fulness the of dispensation 172100, 101, 126, Smith,"160, pages 168, (161) authority have of specific 3. keys What Isa. 173, 183, 11:9; 264; 231, Jer. 16:1416; II. Christianity Sleeping (1315) A restored? been 3:1921; 13:2-12; 17:11; Acts Matt. Ether a. of God's withdrawal Manifest

is 4. the gathering of purpose main What 110:1116; 112:3031; 128:19Cov. Doc. Spirit &

Saints? the 133:4-15,2635. 22; b. of hunsweeping Judgments God

to dreds death of thousands Restored to be Things (14) 3 LESSON all for to things of of a Christian world spoken awake I. Alla. Restitution c. Time Divine Authority sleep out of the prophets (101; 3:1921) Acts by

d. Apostasy from the Apostolic plat- b. All ordinances to be restored Read "Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

form (15) 1. Not the law of Moses with its Smith,"pages 109, 151, 157158, 160, 166-

e. Gentiles have broken the covenant rites and ceremonies 167, 171, 181, 237, 274, 318319, 322; 5th

f. The Lord's Holy Spirit withdrawn 2. Sacrifice to be part of the restoraArticles of Faith; Doc. & Cov. 13; 27:1213;

from them. tion 76:5160; 79:1516; 84:2627, 3941; 107:

III. Spiritual Darkness Upon the Earth a. Forms a part of duties of the 1-5; 2324, 4041; 121:3440; 124:28.

a. Darkness prevails now as in time Priesthood I. Man Must be Called of God to Preach

of Christ (90) b. To be continued after coming and Administer

b. Crimes and vices increasing (47) of the Savior, from genera- a. Fifth Article of Faith

c. Indifference toward things of tion to generation b. Ordinances invalid unless performed

eternity (47) 3. Elias must come and restore all by divinely authorized admini-

d. Some pretend world is fast increasthings (Matt. 17:11) strator (274)

ing in righteousness (48) 4. All things in Christ to be gath- c. No man is a minister of Jesus Christ

e. False spirits in the Church (213) ered in one (231) without being a prophet (160)

IV. Deplorable Condition of the World II. Dispensation of the Fulness of Times d. Priesthood first given to Adam

a. Governments of earth thrown into a. Wicked will be gathered to be de- (157, 167)

confusion and division (16) stroyed ( 23 1 1. He holds keys of all dispensa-

b. Judgments of God almost ready to b. Dispensation began with the first tions

burst upon them vision {Continued on page 749)

J=CiiltaronijfPriestliood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC elder or priest; and is to be assisted always callings of God unto him; and he is to be

all the Ghost of ordained the Holy power his duties by in the Church by the deacons, isAaronic Priesthood inif him. ordains in the one requires; teachers which but neither who occasion

office is to ordained to baptize, any be to authority person nor deacons have No series in a Twentyfirst of articles orregular there this in is a where the hands; lay or Church, sacrament, administer on late written Elder Orson by the the of the without same, are, ganized branch expound, to warn, however, the F. Council Whitney of of the they elders, presiding the all that but of to Church; invite vote exhort, teach, come and and

Twelve. Published originally in unto Christ. traveling bishops, high counselors, high

"The Contributor."Every elder, priest, teacher, or deacon priests, and elders, may have the privilege

is to be ordained according to the gifts and of ordaining, where there is no branch of

T ater, a revelation was called.the Church, that a vote may be

given designating the sixth day of April, 1830, Joseph, having been inas the appointed time for the structed as to the manner of organization of the Church administering the sacraof Jesus Christ of Latterday ment, in the month of AuSaints, and among other ingust, 1830, set out from his structions received, was the ouse in Harmony, Pennfollowing, in relation to the sylvania, to procure some duties of Elders, Priests, wine for that purpose, the

Teachers, and Deacons: occasion being the confirming

wife Knight and his Newel it of is elder, apostle an and An Says the Church. of membersis to his calling baptize; to and

ordain other elders, priests, the Prophet:

teachers, and deacons; and to

disshort only a gone I hadadminister bread and wine—the

I a by met when was the flesh blood of tance andemblems of

Christ; and to confirm those heavenly messenger and rewho are baptized into the ceived the following revelation:

Church by the laying on of for the baptismhands of fire ( Only the part relevant to

Ghost, accordingand the Holy to the scriptures; and to teach, this subject is here given)

expound, exhort, baptize, and watch over the Church; and to Listen to the voice of Jesus

confirm the Church by the layChrist, your Lord, -your God, ing on of the hands, and the and your Redeemer, whose giving of the Holy Ghost; and word is quick and powerful.

to take the lead of all meetings.

The elders are to conduct the For, behold, I say unto you, that it mattereth ye not what are as theymeetings the led by PRESIDING RICHARDS, LeGRAND SEVENTH shall shall drink eat or to the Ghost, according what yeHoly BISHOP CHURCH OF THE revelationscommandments and the sacraof partake ye when of God, kN April 14, 1938, LeGrand Richards became the seventh ment, if it so be that ye do it with and, as such, became the Church, is to preach, duty Bishop of Presiding The priest's to an eye single O'my glory—rein thisteach, Priesthood exhort, the of expound, Aaronic president and the seventh the unto Father membering my

thebaptize administer sacand dispensation. for laid which body was down

for his visit is therament; the throughout of Church and house Richards known Bishop which blood and you, was my just to desireeach sincere exhort be and righteous for his them member, and to kindness and

for remission the shed of your secret, affairs in the vocallypray of of the coming and and Church administration the in sins. all to duties;attend family direction. and his under

he may also ordain other priests, He is a powerful exponent of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Wherefore, a commandment I

teachers, the in his to deacons; devotion love and manifests he and the and Lord loves He that you, not give unto you shall

is the to lead take his of meetings fellow of interests men. righteous neither strong purchase wine

is elder there present; is F. Richards, of a Elder nowhen son George Richards Bishop enemies; drink of your

is there elderbut present His an Robinson. Alice A. of the Twelve, when and the Council of

he is only to preach, teach, exardent devotion to his father and mother is a splendid Wherefore, you shall partakepound, exhort, and baptize, and example of the Lord's injunction—"Honor thy father and of none, except it is made new

visit the house of each member, thy mother...."He was born in Farmington, Utah, among you; yea, in this my Fatoexhorting vocally pray them 6, 1886. February shall ther's be which kingdom

secret, in to attend toand in and Mishis the Netherlands missionary work began He built C. (D. on the earth up &all all duties. family In these the twentyeight years he in 1905. was age of sion At

27:1-4.) is priest the assistduties to the that preside over First to Presidency same the called by

elder, if occasion requires. mission from 1913 to 1916.

The teacher's duty is to watch On June 29, 1919, he was ordained a High Priest and The above serves to exover the Church always, and be a bishop by Charles W. Penrose, to preside over the Sugar plain why to this day water is

with and strengthen them, and House Ward in Salt Lake City, which position he occupied used instead of wine in adtheresee 1925. that in until is no iniquity

the neither hardness ten months during 1931, Bishop Richards was bishop ministering the sacrament. Church, For

with each other, neither lying, of the Glendale Ward, Hollywood Stake, California. In On that occasion, however,

backbiting, nor evil speaking; 1931, he was sustained as the president of the Hollywood Joseph succeeded in getting

and see that the Church meet Stake. He served as stake president until December 29, some pure, homemade wine,

together that also the First Presidency 1933, see he often; and was called by when to preprepared by his own family, their side Mission, the States Southern duty; from overall the members which responsido

and he is to take the lead of bility he was released in 1936. and which was used accordmeetings in the absence of the ingly.

lllardTeachinn CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

YOUTH AND THE WARD TEACHERS

if Spirit, strong in the with him be let him take any you among man ND WORD OF WISDOM "**A is that that in that he all meekness, weak, be edified him he may may

TRUTH ABOUT BEER becomeTherefore,strong also.take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser PriestTn the Christian Herald, W. S. Caine hood.... (Doc. and Cov. 84:106, 107)

tells of seeing over a tavern door in

Liverpool this inscription: "Good ale Suggestions For Ward Teachers

is liquid bread."He went in and said Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

to the bartender, "Let me have a quart visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spirof liquid bread."itual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

The bartender replied, "A firstrate distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to sign, isn't it?""Yes,"said Mr. Caine, the worthy be provided without delay.

"if it's true."He got a bottle of this In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelations, it is

"liquid bread"and took it to Dr. Samhighly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the

uelson, an analytical chemist, and said, family questions containing the following import:

is there "Tell bread much me how in 1. Are you in harmony

it this said, bottle."smelled and He a. your With neighbors and associates?

"It's beer.""No,"said Mr. Caine, b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

"it's liquid bread."Mr. Caine was 2. Are you attending to your Church duties—

asked to call later and get a chemical a. As a member

report. Attending meeting, fasting once each month and paying fast offering,

What was the report? The doctor paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

said, "It is ninetythree per cent water."b. As an officer

"It's liquid, replied anyhow,"Mr. 3. AreSettingyou attendingproper example,to secret attendingand familycouncilprayers?meetings, etc.?Caine. 'Alcohol, five per cent.""What

is alcohol?"asked Mr. Caine. This was

the doctor's reply: "A number of small (xtwicL jAach&A&J TftiidAagjL foe $onjuwa 1%2

things."of variouspercentages

There was left about a thimbleful of LOOKING AHEAD dirtylooking powder. "That's the t this time of the year we are inclined to look back upon the accomplishbread,"said the doctor, "about two A ments of the year just closed. We feel inclined to take stock of ourper cent."So here is the simple scienselves to determine honestly the degree of our progress in things worth while.

tific truth about beer. "Be not deWe ask ourselves—Where were we at the beginning of the last year,

ceived"when told that beer has good and where are we now? This question we ask of our spiritual experiences,

food value. -The National Voice, of our intellectual pursuits, and of our financial affairs. When the honest

March 7, 1940. soul replies to these interrogations, what sort of feeling arises in response?

As we look ahead with a new year unfolding before us, let us trust

SMOKING AND CANCER sincerely that there is born in every Latterday Saint heart a greater dispatch press informs the determination will of the A Chicago Lord. to do the us Let with all our love Him*"* not forgetting of hearts, that Dr. Alton Ochsner world that to love is to love fellow our men. God

Tulane University recently reported to Let there be more sympathy extended to the oppressed; more conthe American College of Surgeons that, sideration given to the problems of the weak; more kindness to all. Let ns

according to his studies: show forth in ever increasing measure our devotions to the Most High

is cigarettes cancer of cause a Smoking are willing to for other. each what do by we

in. Irritationof the lungs. factor offerings. in tithes the our and our Let us us remember Lord Let

that incidence ofthe.. cancer and weis aknow into prayer. in us families our around Let us go secret chambers our gather irritation the of chronic causessmoking

lungs, as, for example, smoker's cough... and seek His counsel and His support in righteousness. Let us "go to the

A steady rise in lung cancer since 1920 house of prayer and offer up"our "devotions unto the Most High."Let

was shown by Dr. Ochsner in autopsies at us daily search our hearts that the sun may not set upon any bitterness

the Charity Hospital, New Orleans.... therein toward any of our fellowmen.

Until then stomach cancer had held first If these things we do, then the coming months of the year ahead wfll place in these New Orleans autopsies. not only find us in the way of life, but progressing therein to our own

reports in recent otherThere been have increasing. of lungyears cancer The blessing and to the glory of our Heavenly Father.

largest number appear to be between the ages of 50 and 60. tients in mental hospitals. "We are

Tobacco is not good [or man. now headed right back to the point Melchizedek Priesthood

came,"he adds. from which we 7A7% /rom ( Continued pageIs Increasing? Alcoholism Porter, Evanston, Harry Judge W. Is the great Priest to next High

111., State of is spending of the Ohio Safety 2. The National chairman Christ (Cf. Cov. Doc. (158) &

for tests intoxifor$3,200.00 the overflow per day committee from Council on 79:1516)

its hospitals. mental precants, that mental said recently he was Many

listshospitals longer waiting least believe have in at that than pared to 50 per- e. TwoCov. Priesthoods107:1-5) (166) (Doc. &

there are now patients. Dr. Thompson, cent of all traffic accidents there had 1. Melchizedek

Omaha University, says that it was not been drinking. States that in 1936 2. Aaronic or Levitical

until the 1920's that we came to the were inclined to regard alcohol as a f. Many called but few chosen (Doc.

place where we had more students in minor problem in traffic, now regard it & Cov. 121:3440)

our universities and colleges than paas a major problem. ( Concluded on page 753

Sfienealoqu

PURCHASE OF VALUABLE RECORD the sending of a cablegram ordering the complete set for our Church.

(A Letter to Stake Chairmen) million names of persons who were We are happy to announce that three married in England and comprises four shipments of this huge record have alDear Stake Chairman; hundred fortyseven volumes. Only ready arrived in this country.

Tt now appears that the new plan of two copies are in existence. One is Thus, what would have seemed an

submitting names for temple work owned by the Society of Genealogists impossibility a few months ago has on family group record sheets (instead in London, and the other by the comhappened, and out of the evils of war of on temple sheets) can go into effect piler, Mr. Boyd. has come this good thing. Elder John

about January 1, 1942. We will send Last spring during one of the most A. Widtsoe has made this comment

more definite word later. It was necessevere bombing raids over London a

sary first to type upon cards the hunbomb was dropped on one wing of The help that this Index will give our dreds of thousands of names already Chaucer House, headquarters of the temple efforts is almost indescribable. Has

on temple sheets in the various temples. Society of Genealogists. Fire totally not the opportunity come through the

of It is the Lord? marvelous destroyed will the projectThis what be completed, accordoffer that the us, has for to come undoubting to president of present estimates, the The in December. bombSociety—Lordhad left. providencesedly the of some bigger AmericanIn the interval we ask our people to Stamp—and his wife were killed. But would gladly make the purchase. libraries

submit upon temple sheets only such the other wing of the building in which number of names as will fill their needs the Library of the Society was housed With this evidence before us of the for endowment and baptism until Janwas left unharmed! Lord's watchcare over this cause and

uary or February. Submitting excessShortly afterwards, the Secretary of the interest of our Church leaders in

ive surpluses of names will only impede the Society of Genealogists wrote the supporting every good move designed installation of the new program. Genealogical Society of Utah asking to increase temple work, let us indiOne of the greatest opportunities to if we would be interested in purchasing vidually and in our organized groups

acquire valuable genealogical records one of the two copies of "Boyd's Marput forth a mighty effort to increase has recently come to our Church and riage Index."They made this condiresearch and induce all worthy Church

the Genealogical Society of Utah. A tion, that if their own set should be members to go regularly to the temple.

genealogist named Percival Boyd has destroyed in England by enemy action, Sincerely your brethren, spent upwards of fifteen or twenty they should be able to have the set in Genealogical Society of Utah years in compiling an aphabetical index our possession copied to replace their Joseph Fielding Smith, President.

of marriages in England. The entries loss. The First Presidency authorized Archibald F. Bennett, Secretary.

are grouped by counties. He has inprinteddexed both and unprinted

riages parish in every register accesmar- WHY MEN AND WOMEN COMPILE GENEALOGIES sible to him, covering the years 1538 By Archibald F. Bennett The abolition of hereditary distinctions,

to 1837. typescript This record gives descent and of property heirs to particular

the date of marriage, in the names al- \ remarkable prophecy was uttered in our country has lessened the some of phabetical order of the parties to the by the angel Moroni to the Prophet reasons for its importance; still the moral

marriage, and the name of the parish Joseph Smith in 1823, declaring that tendencies and utility of preserving memwhere the ceremony took place. Elijah should be sent and that "he shall orials of our ancestors in the lineal and

in the line collateral even remain. There in the plant hearts the children of the in all Researchers genealogy from are other tendencies peculiar to this age.

fathers, promises to the the madeover the and sent to the world have Society which be as calculated to may set down hearts the children shall turn toof this Genealogists have marriage of that feeling to diminish of for respect foreour index consulted, and many, many times their fathers."fathers, which once formed the marked charit has aided in the solution of their In fulfilment Elijah did come on acter of our race; all should resist idolatry

problem. Its great value lies in helping April 3, 1836, and restored the authorin this matter, but all should rationally

honor, remember and revere their ancestors. ity findto the location a worldwide individual by which of an movement

* is being ancestry sought. has steadily and increased commencedwhose To

take an actual problem, the Wilford until today it has reached tremendous All the tendencies of cherishing past

Woodruff family traces back to Matproportions. humorous remembrance are virtuous. The

thew and Hannah Woodruff of FarmAlmost immediately after Elijah's hearts of the fathers should be turned to the children, the hearts the and children of interestington, the coming, in searching Connecticut, out who emigrated their little to If this fathers. compilation and preserving records in England. of ancestorsfrom need somewhere We effect have to to lead any care more began.to In the parish very next year, 1837, in what a should know Matthew preserving and in making records of

Woodruff was born, where his mardevoted Christian lady in Bennington, ancestors and contemporaries, to prolongingour riage took place, and the maiden name Vermont, named Sarah Harwood the memory of the generations passed, and of his wife Hannah. Lack of these Robinson, printed a little genealogy of passing, and of those to come, in all their

essential facts has baffled all previous ninetyfour pages, probably the first expandings and multiplyings, and thereby efforts to trace the line in England. published in America. assist to waken and perpetuate kind and

feelings, kindred affections, moral and one led of her search to suppose a did "Boyd's do so? MarWhatNow Why will gained. have been followThe thisriage Index"she gather marriage the invaluable record gave record of objecting pages are dedicated kindred to conand ride at the people, and on horsebackof Matthew Hannah one from their temporaries posterity, the in and hope

village specific parish.period to relatives lived, another a and in where all rightWe her that will their progenitors, remember

could then follow up this discovery and finally print the result of her painsas they wish to be remembered after they by a search of the christenings and taking research? have respectively paid the debt of our

burials of that parish, both for WoodIn her preface she regrets the prevnature.

ruffsHannah—whichand for thosewe ofhavethe justsurnamelearnedof andalentpreservingtendency ofto genealogicalneglect the records.making Then follows an excellent record of

from the Index. In seeking to account for this unnatural seven generations of Robinsons, eight

This immense index now includes six trend she wrote: generations of Saffords, six of Har750

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

Genealogy genitors,the ancestryandofinmanyso doingof thytheySaints,havewetracedpray nessIt isandwithalsofeelingsof regretof love,that theof thankfulcompiler thee that thou wilt increase this desire in now leaves this work, hoping that some woods, and six of Clarks. Of every their bosoms, that they may in this way aid future enthusiast may take up the thread

one of these families there are numerin the accomplishment of thy work. Bless and follow the incomplete lines to comous descendants in our Church today. them, we pray thee, in their labors, that pletion.

fall into errors they in not preparing may Influential variin of the world men their genealogies; furthermore, ask and years to the there we ago Some came their called nations to people ous upon of thee to before avenues them open new Genealogical of Society Utah John to the past look revere and honor and in information, their the place hands and civil Carroll engineer, Chase, manutheir forefathers. are a few Here past, their that the of records work may facturer, for historian, genealogist, typical quotations: also. correct not only but complete be many years president of the ChaseThe older I grow the more I am led to As an evidence of the direct fulfilChace Family Association and president

believe that an honorable lineage is the ment of this prayer and prophecy, a of the New England Historic Genealogical for fourSociety than best heritages. more Grant. Robert typical in cited the be example case may

in the pride take noble which no teen character notable of A peopleof years—a of President ancesWoodruff's own will of ancestors remote achievements never activities interests. manifold His and try. in Genealogists the world have anything achieve worthy be remembered traces genpedigree back seven own published pracprepared records and on pride with remote by descendants.—Lordto erations to emigrated Aquila Chase who tically lines of the every one numerous Macauley.

his to brothers, with America Thomas of progenitors. Woodruff's Wilford

By ascending to an association with our The most recent is one by Ella Foy and William.

ancestors, by contemplating their example O'Gorman who, in 1934, finished the There are many descendants in Utah this the family, the of their studying and character, Chase partaking and West by entitled, compilation record of a Antheir spirits, their sentiments of imbibing and especially posterity of being William cestries Lorenzo Aphek of Woodruff toils, in their them accompanying by by here. Ella years Chase, numerous For and Polk Macy. Nancy in their suffering; rejoicsympathizing and genealogist, family as compiled volume older Wilford an Woodruff had their in ing success triumphs, and mingle we after records. of volume Chase The brother, Woodruff, died Azmon existence to our with who and own seem since carried has been on by work their in to their Salt age. belong 14 City, 1894, become Lake January, Wetheirs faithful. similarly others live contemporaries, lives lived, the they father the of the and was Aphek who

endure what they endured, and partake Lorenzo Woodruff mentioned. ConBut the workers here had not the

the to of advantages and access wealth in the reward they enjoyed. Daniel Webhis sequently ancestors would include

ster. like scholar to materials available a all President those of This Woodruff.

Carroll the Chase. Lord Hence John born Lorenzo Aphek November, was of regenealogical importance "The latter inspired compile, the to in 1928, Hill, 1837, at died and Columbia Neto posterity search hardly overcan be excellent of record enan 624 pages California, 15 vada County, January, estimated,"Mrs. Marion Dewoody titled the Generations Seven Deof life 1891. In the early to he gold went Pettigrew, compiler of the Marksscendants Aquila Chase. and Thomas of in in California, mines Butte and County in Families, Barnett writes preface the it In this the introduction to volume of Angeles, he met Los Nancy Macy is it in less 1939; of "and no importance 1 is that there stated the about year 846 sister. visiting then her Mr. Woodruff to the the nation. welfare of an When large circulated of story widely a a was her to gentle charms, succumbed and individual has his of anknowledge in fortune to the belonging England 1861. 21, married they August were cestry, his he conscious of becomes in heirs led America Chase which many the mercantile entered business and He in realize the begins to place world and to their to descendants antrace seek foreof County's one became Nevada is all that total for that the of he sum this cestry in share prospective and citizens. ten most hundred and One

.. before.ages has gone windfall. valuable genealogy Much the of published are record pages dethis trust- "I sending out volume,. am thirty collected. actually During was ancestry. his to voted O'GorMrs. it will inspire that ing for respect a and years the fortune rampant myth was writes: compiler, the man, to virtuedesire the of emulate worthy the to Miland Claim "Chase when

it will forebears, that to help and keep finally lions"absoto be proved was

It great pleasure has been the a to do in the their hearts of descendantswarm fact, interest lutely the unfounded on in this for research involved the compilation for love veneration peoplea and a in remained. genealogy I aunt, love bore Polk Nancy Macy, my patriots in of sense were everywho wife of Lorenzo Woodruff, Aphek this whom with Even monumental work

the word."I never met but whose sterling qualities completed, President Chase did not

Perhaps the clearest explanation for early reached my young understanding. cease his genealogical compilations.

the of activity persistent descendantsthe of genealogists Lorenzo Aphek May contributed to the In 1933, he New his wife, Polk and Macy, Nancy in the of Woodruffis found dedicatory prayer Historical Genealogical England and pride righteous not look only with upon a Saltthe uttered Lake Temple by PresRegister the genealogy a on Some of live ancestry, their that of the souls so but inident Wilford 1893: Woodruff Chase. William For Infinite forebears in Descendants the look of from may

pride them. years this through upon genealogy ran two fathers, thou of our Abraham, God O in installments Register. naturthe This Isaac, delightest and thou Jacob, whose God

records ally included Chase the of many From Foy genealogy compiled to cr! ied, all the thee be with thank we

fervor of overflowing gratitude that thou by this same author we read: families in Utah and their progenitors,

hast revealed the powers by which the among them that of the mother of hearts of the child "en are being turned to To prove the tradition of her father's Elder George Albert Smith.

their fathers the the of fathers hearts and indescent Baltimore from the Lord was organFamily has been Chase The children,to the of that the in all sons men, the that centive the history study of urged for to ized years 1910 from and manytheir generations partakers be can made of the her writer ancestry and comwhen issue the present has continued to The glories the theof joys of of and kingdom this piler of herfound FOY ANCESTRY first issue the In the Chronicle. Chaseheaven. spirit us the of Confirm upon self for situated favorably such work upon

Elijah, we pray thee, that we may thus her arrival in the City of Washington as editor wrote:

also ourredeem connect dead ourselves and in 1918. a tradition That Worker War

fatherswith our passed behind have who last all to the that said your she reunion establish. to a had was hoped At man

veil,the seal furthermore and dead our up still it fifteen is "It editor, to After tradition. years a seems good but put a you me that

first forth in the resurrection, thatto come... it interest stress hisdeal of in Chase; the not However, family on much was

dwell be onwe who bound to earth may it? germinated, growing special about tory had Anything of a family, bearing and was

...those dwell in heaven. who is fruit in this or to place to enlarge This under them?"work which was no made

And, as thou hast inclined the hearts of many adverse conditions, but always with parade some great names; but if anymany who have not yet entered into covethe determination to preserve the facts for one will follow our incidents, questions,

nant with thee to search out their proposterity. (Concluded on page 752)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

Genealogy

{Concluded from page 751) and histories as they will appear in this paper for a while, they will begin to have a pride in names and men who at first believed and then wrought righteousness; in whose earlier lines there is scarcely

a blemish and where the sons and daughters of strong men are equal to any in any region. We are no better than some others;

but our New England history pays tribute to our people and in the intermarriages the

Chase element is not submerged.

Based on a study of many lives of those bearing the name of Chase, he then summarizes (giving evidence) "Chase Characteristics"as follows:

They were godly. They were prudent. They were loyal. They were PROVO FIRST WARD GENEALOGICAL CLASS AND BISHOPRIC

Nils Left secretary; front on, to right, row: counselor; Vera second R. Julia Brown, George Brown; A.enterprising. They had strong minds.

Page, Etta Bishop P. Whitehead, first counselor; Whitehead; Jones, chairman; Douglas T. George Walter T. continues On page 3 he class instructor; Lucile first Slaughenhoup, assistant; Carter. Clyde A.

Can anyone say why it is that if a person Weight,SecondMaryrow:Losee,Mrs.FrancisAllen, Callahan,Arthur H.SarahJohnson,E. Jones,MyrtleAlbertWeight,S. Jones.Rosa Ann Jones, Erma Josie, Bertha

gets interested in genealogy he is singled Back row: Rlomona Cottam, Eliza White, Sarah Stagg, Nellie Robinson, Mrs. Allmaji, Elizabeth Pratt,

out as a crank; his relatives apologize for Thomas Allman, Perry A. Burr, Claude F. Weight, Eugene Tuckett.

him by saying he is all right but is peculiar on that one thing; or someone will, say he

has "wheels"? Of course, if a person really second assistant is an Elder; each is a on the Reasor line, that he was seeking

studies into these older subjects and looks member of the church service committee descendants of two sisters, Eunice Reasor

Sarah and Pectol Brown Reasor came who dates peopleup and of time there his in a former retained quorum. the We with west Brigham Young, that and he it; certainmust abstraction be a about one secretary, Sister former Nielsen, Vera written had the if to Mormon Church see it get into himself spiritmust the of and experience has the of in had years who there were descendants. any it in name was todwell degree; My but some should why all work. record She has kept of a of that four one to it sent was him and calledone crank? be a

for ordinances minutes and lot, many became the with assistance of my many editor the long discovered old temple ago Not an grave. The sunken stone when washed years, and has also assisted in bapof the relatives, to have the thrilling expeand set upright proved a fact by its date tismal work, and still serves in that rience of collecting over seven hundred

that had long been in dispute. It connected department. family groups, most of the descendants of

these two women. record of The a few facts in history difsome authors where is Sister instructor Lucile Our class is families not complete as could getfered. no we editor quite grew over The happy graduate geneis a She to letters response of inquiry. 1, February chilled found he butwhat the was by reSlaugenhoup.alogist, qualified therefore for this im1941, our part of the record, for the ready of prosaic friend a said:mark "What's who

the use of disturbing these old fellows? portant position. In addition she has publishers, was sent to Judge Dale. Now

off are the press, the books pleasing personality to appeals which the desand right are all as let a theyThey are—better

fill cendants of these two Mormon will women class ascribe theythem alone, members, be much of no harm and beand we sides that they don't want to be disturbed."our success to her. She has presented the pages of more than half the book. We

are grateful indeed to for Dale Judge is it making thinkBut you, kindly for but act a any in class lessons as the the outlined this I record possible. is believe placing he to to thea descendant old Plains go Burying letter; trips to the manual very have in a the Salt copy library, public Lake and Hillground dig on Sawyers and a up sunken for class of arranged been our members of U. U., the B. and the Y. and U. A. C. itstone to upright, put and to the mark to the Salt Genealogical in Libraryproper grave where Aquila buried (4) was

in 1789 instead of having the grave forgotLake City and to our own B. Y. U.

ten and the ground neglected? We do not Library, which have proved beneficial THE WORK GOES ONquite know yet just how these old saints and interesting to all. IN HAWAII

feel things. about of us such think Some paragraph officers a letter committee from ward written by make The A

that in those of in some departed our way Elder effort L. Richard supervisor temple Gunn, a special one

interested are are alive in a world wewhom in Genealogical invite the each of week. work day ward to Wego toalsothe isthat not very are not and far away

unconscious of the tender ministrations of members to attend with us, and we Hawaiian Islands.

those who are bone of their bone and flesh usually provide transportation. Durof their flesh. ing the summer we make special trips T AST week end, I gave a talk for the

to the Manti and Logan Temples. *-* Japanese Mission on genealogy and

temple after IN talk work, andSUCCESS a Korean my TEMPLE WORK consists social of the committee Our lad to said up came and a he had me officers the of every wives month who T. George Jones,By at that book, his home, of had some refreshprogram, and provide gamesGenealogical in. Chairman, ancestry I invited to the him up fine, ments. inexpensive very have Wea FirstProvo mission the following Ward evening and home entertainments, create a fraternal which

Tt gives us a great deal of pleasure to spirit in the class and ward. heme came,to helpbringinghim understandthe book andit. askingThe

report that during the year ending book was over fiftyfive years old, his

September 1, 1941, the number of temEUNICE A. C. HERBERT'S PART IN father's and according to him, its inforCOMPILATION OF THEple It ordinances Christ. greatly "MICHAEL mation performed before has back went FAMILIES"REASOR AND ALLIEDincreased in last for over the Chinese same period even conwas written and

year. We are grateful for the oppor17 East 4th North tained maps pointing out the burial

tunity to serve in this glorious cause. Manti, Utah places of his ancestors. We will probWe think our success is due to followSept. 12, 1941 ably have some trouble in having it

ing the lessons as set forth in the out27 Feb. 1940, I received a letter from translated into English, but it gives us

lines. Our chairman is a High Priest: Judge F. HinerDale of Guymon, Oklahoma, a greater hope for obtaining the rechis first assistant is a Seventy and his saying that he desired to compile a record ords of these people.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

PriesthoodMelchizedek y/7//>t/f page 749) (Concluded from them in public. Then there are the

time, are always members on who 1. things set Hearts upon QUESTIONS A choir of this THREE THAT

like sing director always the to what world CHOIR PROSPECTIVE MEMBER selects, in interested are 2. everything the to of honors Aspire men ANSWER. SHOULD

3. exercise to unrighteous Attempt choir prize their does, and who memdominion By Dr. Frank W. Asper bership, considering it an opportunity.

4. Powers of heaven exercised only They respect the leader in his position

principles of of righteousness teachers upon our foremost of f"\NE that will and for his best he do know 5. persuasion, Priesthood power by students the asked choir. the are people Such mathematics a great gentleness, love and to undertook they questions three when for help only faithfulness, not their but II. Priesthood Melchizedek The

: are you goproblem solve a "Where also their is because presence very an a. the Aaronic Comprehends (166)

b. Holds highest authority which pering?"'How are you going to get inspiration to the leader.

tains to the Priesthood there?""What are you going there The director has learned many things

c. for?"of of the Holds keys Kingdom God from there are knows experience—he asked, well (166) questions be can These things certain abilother than musical

d. for revelations Channel from line in alone, but in not any geometry ity that for successful are necessary a heaven (167) if asked they were endeavor, of and organization, fairly that with and them the e. All prophets the Melchizhad uncertainty waste often, and more much can even be good done where work Priesthood ordained edek and were

todirect one saved. be They would little is talent. there but ( knows himself He by 181 God

f. Conferred upon Joseph Smith and wards one's goal, and help to clarify in that with regularity and punctuality,

Oliver Cowdery by Peter, James, one's mind the shortest way to that concentration, industry, and, above all, 27:1213) ambition. and (Doc. John & Cov. spirit the the that surely of he will work,

covenant Received Cov. ( Doc. g. by should & choir All prospective members succeed.

84:3941) three questhe likewise themselves ask it that Rehearsals so seldom come 1. this for breaking covePenalty going to do?"tions: are you "What is vital to present have every member enant

it?'to are going do you "What "How time, for director every the can do reorder Priesthood h. of Highest

vealed in temples (237, 308) (Cf. are you doing it for?"nothing with an organization where he

Doc. & Cov. 76:5160; 124:28) To the first question he will answer, has a different group at each rehearsal.

1. Prepares faithful for Church of "I am going to sing in the choir."This If we add or take away only one memitself; Firstborn the is in aim noble a high and it is choir, the the it ber of group; not same

2. fulness holding the of the Those it is spirit sacrifice; one of a and shows it the balance the not does same; and Priesthood kings are Melchizedek affords the of Church our ways many is is different. quality tone Tardiness of the priests and Most High time at the outlet spiritual same us and a that absence, nothing than except more holding the of keys power God,

It gives to service render Maker. our it is for the only practiceperiod. part of blessings and (322)

III. The Aaronic Priesthood the singer a chance to associate with Coming in late causes a choir member

a. Holds keys of the ministering of others that are also glad to give their to lose some of the leader's instrucangels and the preparatory Gospel talent and time for the same purpose, tions, and then they must either be

1. Repentance in invariably a wideawake puts him and again, given the time taking valuable

2. Baptism environment. other directhe of or members, some his sons b. Conferred and upon Aaron It is that question to the second lost the tions to are vital very be that may 84:2627) (Doc. & Cov. given. should be thought most Many in the rendition the of proper number 1. hereditary posForever among choir to are ambitious people become point. terity of Aaron (319)

singers, enough they have but do not c. Levitical Priesthood included in the gifted matter be how one may No

sacrifice realize vision that to some Aaronic (318319) line, it is in for necessary is always any d. Bestowed by John the Baptist upon necessary. Forgetting that it takes him to put forth some effort in some

Oliver Cov. and effort Joseph anything worth (Doc. & to time do and in perfection. to attain order So way

13) in seats while, to expect they occupy fine gifts singers natural with many IV. Apostles to rehearsal organization the and go real for taste never have formed a a. First in to Presidency auNext it is After convenient. a only when they are outdistanced work, and soon thority

b. Preside over Church when First time they lose interest and disappear. by their less talented neighbors, simply

Presidency disorganized There are others who are enthusiastic because they lacked the faculty of c. Revelators and prophets (109) and effervesce at the prospect of showbeing industrious. If one does not have

d. Hold keys of Gospel in all the ing their devotion this way, trying to

world (Doc. & Cov. 107:2324) improve their voices at home, but when (Concluded on page 760)

V. The Evangelist or Patriarch the novelty wears off, also drop from

a. Patriarchal order of Priesthood to sight.

to father from descend son (Doc. and others are always are A. - There who 107:4041) Cov. 6 the choir hurry, wonder why who in Instituted b. of days and a Adam MUSIC in ALL CHURCHI.

all from the bigger works cannot do lineage came by down c. An evangelist is a Patriarch the choral literature, why the organist

d. Patriarch to the Church "the oldest cannot play like soand-so, who critiXIIjU/K

man of the blood of Joseph or of cize the choices the director makes in the seed of Abraham"(151) selections, and ask why the chorus can70 SOUTH MAIN of the Priesthood VI. Keys sing have of the things they not some

first to hold keys of Priest- a. Adam the festivals, forgetting that in heard hood (157)

b. Keys defined (171) chorus that sang them probably worked

c. Revealed from heaven whenever on them a year before they dared to do

to earth sent Gospel (157) schools. for specialize churches in music and We authority Adam's MUSIC solos, for 1. By instrumental vocal stocks Large and 2. clearly the auDistinguish between choirs, orchestras. Headquarters bands and d. Peter, to and James, John Given by thority of the Aaronic Melchizedek and for L. for D. S. organizations. orders music Mail the Elias Savior, Moses, and (158) filled or write for catalogues promptly speand Priesthood.

e. Smith. bestowed Joseph upon Keys lists. cial 3. of order the patriarchal was When

first effective Is it instituted? PriesthoodDiscuss: GO. DAYNES MUSIC 1. to scriptural that Cite today? prove examples patronage solicit your We

Priesthood."unless the is invalid of per- 4. Definea ordinance "keys Gospel St. Who 47 So. Salt Main Lake City

in the holds administrator. today? Church these keysformed an authorized by

lltirtuanilessaqesra

{Executives =cP ASSEMBLY PROGRAMS KflbRE than ever before, the assembly

LVA programs have proved successful in those wards where they have been carried out as planned, and in many cases where the wards have built on the original idea. One of the most stirring

of these programs has proved to be the theme play "Defense."In the San

Francisco Stake, a group of soldiers from Moffat Field have produced it throughout the wards of their own Front row, kneeling,SUMMITleft to right:STAKE DarrelFATHERSRobinson,AND DennySONS Staley,DAY Glenn Willoughby.

stake and in some of the wards of the Second row: LaMont Clark, Boyd Robinson, Elden Robinson, Kent Staley, Philip Willoughby,

adjoining stakes. Knowing that these HarlandThirdClark,row:BillyBishopStaley.John E. Wright, Mont Staley, J. Emerson Staples and son David, John W.

boys are actually going through the Staples, Earl Willoughby, Dewain Clark, Lee Wright, Forest Clark.

experiences which they enacted made TheodoreFourthRobinson,row: RulonRay Clark,Staples,EmeryPaul Wright,Staples, RayLeonardWright.Willoughby, Leonard Willoughby, Jr.,

the play doubly vital and moving.

in letter, part, came reproduced This by the this InYoung for Men's Special I. A. is great need There At M. concerning Clearfield, Utah, from the program a roll deterterest the for to to plan leaders call was made now

locality: in that of the play success the mine percentage present; oldest library with project. cooperating By

father; youngest the secretaries father, and the father both and of the Mutual play, of our theme account Here is an the most sons. the Relief Society members, we should that with like to say First, I would "Defense."

it was the outstanding experience of my Cluff Ward was the winner by havbe able to help establish a ward library life. You will understand that statement ing the highest percentage present. that will be a real contribution to the

when I tell you that we borrowed uniforms Their oldest father being John W. betterment of the ward membership.

from workers at Hill Field.... Staples, the youngest J. Emerson

As a fitting introduction to the play and Staples, and the father with the most the patriotic atmosphere, the to adding sons, Leonard four Willoughby with the from marched the of Mutual members sons.

hall, led a by the amusement to chapel placed Echo Coalsecond and Ward the Amercarrying uniform, in ScoutBoy IHflleWeaners--Co ville third. Ward carrying Girls, Gleaner flag, two and ican and Hazel Brockbank, Haymond Dr. W. Creed the evening in the same The banners. all wards At I. A. Green M. andGold chairmen; P. Lloyd, S. Dr. Franklin Dr. Wesley

Harris, L. Stevenson, Dr. A. C. Warner, Homer Man, greeted an together by stake met and enjoyed were they a verydoor M

Giles, Kiepe, Dr. D. Le John Werner Roy Gleaner a and as Uncle dressed Girl inspiring Sam digiven program under the miller, Ileen J. FredaBuckMarie Waldram, Waspe, Ann preblue, red, white, and in who dressed Wetzel. Minnie E. Jensen, Anderson, Vella rection H. of the Stake Summit Young

conprogram a with member eachsented I. Men's A. M.

... characters. Gilbran Kahil has The of Prophet cast by rTrhe taining our

first two rows were reserved for parents of been chosen for December's readguests our were service, the in who the boys It is the brings that from a book writreceived a parent had honor.of Each hills in message, Syria of a Lebanon night. to Tuesday previous invitation ten values. interpretation of human a Special Interest anothering. till sung Reveille"by was Taps"From

is masterGibran's book, which This uniblue white, red, and in GirlGleaner form, after which we presented "Defense."Dr. George H. Hansen and Marba C. Josephson, piece, has become one of the most bechairmen; L. L. Dr. Daines, Anderson, Dr. Aldon classics of time. of Published our our play we loved the conclusion... At Farnsworth, Philo T. Angelyn Ethel Warnick, blackboard it to a huge attentioncalled S. ten has ago, years been translated on Anderson, Katie Jensen, C. Aurelia Bennion.

which were written names and addresses of into more than twenty languages, and read service. the in... As weour boys edition the sold the the Special Church, has alone American 'Throughout

the of parents boy the name, eachaloud copies. eighty Interest thousand Gibran about leaders are and officers applause. with greeted As werearose and

it his greatest achievement, considered gloriously successful. the work as making played conclusion, fitting was "Taps"a

a cornet solo after which we were dismissed By permitting subjects of their own for he said:

choosing, classes the are becoming exprayer.by

I I've think without never been The to fifty ceedingly Thirty cents. popular. cost wellarranged us play By The

I first the since conceived book Prophet and mimeographed our program socialhave gatherings, the are groups comIt to in seems have Lebanon. back Mount invito send for postcards centstwenty ing to feel another one a know and I the manuscript of kept a part been me. guests. specialtations to our all. in interest genuine the of welfare it to four I delivered before years pubmy

In many places, these socials are conlisher because I wanted to be sure, I wanted

SUMMIT STAKE FATHERS ducive to drawing into the Special Into be very sure, that every word of it was

AND SONS DAY, SEPT. 7, 1941 terest group many people who do not the very best I had to offer.

belong to our Church. Because of the

Tn each of the wards throughout the high tone of the parties, these nonThe Chicago Post said of it:

stake, all of the fathers and sons members have asked that they be perCadenced and vibrant with feeling, the were invited to attend Sunday School, mitted to come because there is no words of Kahlil Gibran bring to one's ears sacrament meeting, and a special honsmoking, drinking, or rowdiness at the the majestic rhythm of Ecclesiastes.... If

orary program and luncheon sponsored Special Interest gatherings. there is a man or woman who can read this

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941 5. The first Troop meeting—a roundup of and thoroughly prepare every detail of Mutual Messages all Explorers the work. Remember you are not

troop of Organization in partnership alone, but are with God of a acceptance a quiet without book of a great 6.7. Adoption program of activity inin guiding these choice girls. Conin the heart philosophy a singing man's and volving:

aid. stantly seek His or within, born as of music woman that man a. Registration

is indeed dead to life and truth. b. Advancement

c. Meeting Programs

Claude Bradgon said of him d. Athletics and Social Activities

His power came from some great reserIf any of the above steps are omitted jfleelvetirls voir of spiritual life else it could not have or carelessly done, the chances for havbeen so universal and potent, but the majesty ing a successful Troop are proportionBertha K. Tingey, chairman; Margaret N. Wells.

of the language beauty and with which he ately decreased. LucyHelenaT. W.Andersen,Larson, AnnFlorenceC. Larson,B. Pinnock.Marjorie Ball, all his clothed it were own.

The Explorer Healthman Title '"Phe spirit of service which so charThe author, Gibran, poet and artist, The Explorer Theme Project is: "* acterized the life of the Savior is

was born in 1 883 in Lebanon, a land that Every Explorer a Healthman. the significant message we have for

has produced many prophets. The milThe Boy Scouts of America provides our BeeHive Girls during the month

17 Titles for Explorers lions familiar writin vocational with his Arabians of avocational fields of activity. that ings in the and consider language him The ofhas December.become commercializedThe Christmasto suchseasonan

General of his Board age. genius of I. A. has But he was the Y. M. M. a man girls extent that impressive our need

available year far this additional influence made an spread fame whose and spirit real of the remindings of Christin the Health. field of East. fact that title the This beyond Near The offer projects Christmas is an mas. Our

effort to his encourage the translated to safeExplorer has so widely been book for opportunity bringing splendid bespeaks for his potent influence in the guard his health, thereby contributing fore them service in its most applicable lives of people in many parts of the to his future spiritual growth. forms. Let us capitalize on this opporcomparison his of the world. requirements years of last twenty The A for tunity, the month's and work feel when

title the life, lived with Healthman in America, dying the National Gibran is finished that truly realizes each girl here in 1931. Council requirements of the 7 Merit that when she is in the service of her

The book is very short, containing Badge fields involved will show that in fellow men, she is in the service of her only one hundred pages. The language a very unique way the already existing God.

utilized Merit is being Badge program is beautiful, that resembling of the party will be doubt no A Christmas direct efforts the Explorer's Bible. plot, no to book has no The in the activities in the included of the month.

of ExWisdom. the Word of characters. require not readfield It does it interesting variation, might be For

cept for requirement No. 1, no requireone hundred, ing from page to one to the girls represent to costume have

title for is the Healthman new; rather at times ment picked it can odd be up given outsome individual who has

difference interthe only being in the at page, the readerand opened any and public service. standing or This may

will be fed with literary and philosophic pretation of already existing National may not be some one they have studied gems. The subjects treated are unirequirements for the various Merit about in their lessons. They might also

versal in appeal and common to all Badges. find it fun to plan a party around Christpeoples. When one reads certain pasmas stories and costume to represent

sages, he is led to think, "That is as I characters from familiar Christmas would have said it; that is as I believe stories. This could be done either in it to be; that is what I have thought but d"niors groups or individually. With either ofnever had such capacity to express it."—O these suggestions, dramatizations could

Emily H. Bennett, chairman; Gladys Harbertson, be presented centering around the

Grace C. Neslen, Lueen

Williams, Erda Grace N. J.Stewart.King, Polly R. Hardy, characters used, giving the rest of the

group a chance to guess what famous

HPhe membership drive is completed; characters were present. Sqpfrll every girl of this age is now enrolled Christmas gifts help greatly to spread

in spirit let our of service, offer so department. Junior us a probmany The—cpChristensen, chairman; ElmerM. Nichols, Mark H. girls is to suggestions lem helps to keep which up. and our the attendance now

Axel Madsen, A. Elwood Floyed Winters. G. G. will will This their to be encourage accomplished them through make own Eyre, L. D. Giles, Dr. John A. Stevenson.

choice leadership. Are you the kind gifts for Christmas giving. In addition

STEPS IN ORGANIZING NEW of leader you would wish to follow if to suggestions which have appeared in

EXPLORER TROOPS you were a Junior girl? Leaders are past years, we offer the following two.

made, not born. Within every one of Space will not permit others, but we

Pouring December the organizing of us is the power to become a forceful hope all BeeKeepers will be collecting many Explorer Troops will be atleader. With prayerful, loyal, intelmany ideas for class use.

tempted. Some will be successful beligent devotion and study, you will

cause of careful planning and coopergrow in ability to lead and influence for Christmas Gifts ative effort. Experience has shown good the lives of our girls. Someone Popcorn Necklace. String two

if a Troop is to be given the kind of has said, "Attitudes are caught, not strings of unbuttered popcorn the start that will insure permanency, the taught."Is yours the attitude you length you would like for a necklace.

following simple steps must be carewant the girls to have? Are you thorDip one string into any preferred color

fully followed: oughly converted to the entire Junior of quickdrying enamel; the other into

program? If you are, your girls will cream or white enamel; hang them up

1. Conference of stake Explorer Committee feel that sincerity, a fine spirit of coto dry. When dry, restring on double

with ward M. I. A. executives and bishoperation will follow, and every event thread. Tie on the end with ribbon or

opric, explaining the purpose and value of the year will be a joyous occasion. use a clasp of some discarded string of

of the program beads. the leader Explorer Does help the need

2. of Appointment Explorer ward Troop girls find to of you and your bring and Painted Hanger. Give a smooth, Coat Committee

it in? to boys Give him and make coat paint. hanger a coat of flat3. wood of Appointment leader Explorer and their

assistant these JuniorExplorer evenings outWhen dry, add a coat of quickdrying 4. Visit to home of each prospective Exstanding events of happy, wholesome enamel any color preferred. When

plorer to win support of Explorer and group participation in which choice the paint is dry, add a design using parents friendships blossom. Carefully plan {Concluded on page 756)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

SUNDAY SCHOOL HELD AT PIONEER DAY AT FORTMutual Messages HISTORICAL SPOTS IN ANCIENT, OHIO {Concluded from page 755) MISSOURI By Ova Pate Stewart paint the ofwhite and oil enamel is receive tobol of your friend who symTiemergedIndependenceits classes inSundaya most Schoolunique FewMormonstates arehistoryso saturatedas is Ohio.with Thisvital

the gift. service on Sunday, September is true not only because of the

28th. According to former plans some great stone Temple at Kirtland, about check might up be Badge Honor the Cleveland; miles east of twenty ten one hundred and members and

facilitated, ordering the of and badges traffic untiring statewide of Joseph friends gathered at the at seven Church definite easiercould if a form be made early other Smith, Young, and Brigham o'clock threatdespite in the morning, were used for this purpose. We offer ening clouds and heavy showers of leaders between that northerly capitol

as a suggestion a form which has been rain. After a prayer asking the Lord's and its twin Zion in Independence,

adopted by some of the Salt Lake blessings in carrying into effect the Missouri; but also because Ohio was

stakes. You may desire to adopt someplans for the day, nineteen cars were much earlier the stamping ground of

thing similar for your stake. filled and in a body made their way peoples now dead to the world but vital

At least 12 hours time must be spent on out over the highway toward Adamand alive with purpose to us in the each Honor Badge. ondiAhman, about ninety miles from Book of Mormon. Archaeology furnHonor Badge work must be recorded Independence. ishes a career for some; a hobby, for

and checked by stake BeeKeeper. others; and for us, evidence... evicrossed the Missouri over River They the signs like to the that comes dence

is to certify thatThis the bridge Liberty safely covered and... strangely in the evidence believing

filled Girl, all of the has re-a BeeHive miles the Gallatin to northward and peoples. of history of natural case a forquirements Badge Honor No to thence the out place the hallowed by is in for us Ohio Pioneer so Day And fieldin of the his in presence posterity of and Adam significance. great of this for herShe began work Badge Honor past, the the spot as and from whence ruin, Fort as remarkable known This and

completed it the father of our race will finally come Ancient, is located in Warren County,

She has spent hours to visit his people. There a short service between Dayton and Cincinnati, out of

on this requirement and has a complete was held. All joined in singing "We Lebanon. It is one of the best of

of itrecord Thee, Prophet"For God, Thank A O in Ohio. works several thousand moundSigned Stake BeeKeeper expressing offered prayer a and was state park. into It a been has made Mother appreciation for the deep understandPio- nearest the Sunday year on Each BeeKeeper this that ing given has been and their Saints Latterday and the neer is Day are (This sample. Copies nor avail- a people. had apbeen who truthA speaker CinDayton, office.) at the friendsable Columbus, from

pointed explained interesting facts concinnati, Portsmouth, Hamilton, and

A midyear check up is in order at cerning the revelation about the place. other points congregate at Fort Ancient

this time of year. Let us make sure From there the fine of cars made their for a memorial service. The ancient

that all outlined work for October, way southward to Far West, and later fort is transformed into a great outNovember, and December is completed as the pilgrimage proceeded to Richdoor cathedral. There is even an orand that all earned the awards which mond, hearts and minds were keenly gan; and it makes auditors think of the

have been given. Let us feel with the responsive to the trials and hardships Sacred Grove as it plays the opening

saintsbeginning of endured that Missouri January by those have a we in bars of "We Thank Thee, O God, For their drivings persecutions alongclean slate will not retrace and to and have a Prophet."

our steps to catch up on work that the very miles where now a peaceful should have been done the first three and prosperous farming country flourmonths of the fall season. Only in this ishes. At Richmond the grave or Oliver The Church Moves On

visited the satisfaction true and near it, was Cowdery can we realizeway inscription granite shaft bearing the Missionaries Released in in of work. BeeHiveand accomplishment

m three witnesses'testimony of the Book September, 1941 735) (Continued from page In another cemetery of Mormon.MORMON BOY WINS MEDAL

States: H. Myers, David the across grave of David East Central the town

HuntingMcArthur, C. Utah; Ogden, Rex H.{""olonel Charles Rutherford visited. also Whitmer was A speaker Burbidge, Park Louise California; Park, ton"* civilian aide to of the secretary details outline to had provided been

Pocatello, Harrison, City, Parry Utah; W. of Arizona in charge T. C.war C. M. this did at place of history very so and Cross, Idaho; L. Howard, Sarah Woodsactivities, presented the John effectively. J. PershUtah.

ing to Keith This medal medal Webb. GeorgeBacon, States: David Eastern C. Liberty to From Richmond the wayis to Citizens the outstanding given Curtis, Salt Lake Idaho; R. Marvin miles traveled again over the of corps cadetMilitary Training 1940 was Utah; Roosevelt, Dillman, by City;town, Allen M.

in the Eighth Corps area. the Prophet Joseph Smith and his asArden W. Ferrin, Mesa, Arizona;

Keith Webb served as secretary of sociates in some of their most bitter Clifton Muir, Rexburg, Idaho; lohn B.

City; Julian Jr., Salt Lake W. jail, Matheson,the old Liberty At the M. I. A., and is active in his persecutions. Y. M.

Fillmore, I. White, Utah; Rasmussen, Dora Elder's quorum. where the Prophet standing in the room Scott California; Whit- M. Los Angeles,

was incarcerated for a period of four aker, Los Angeles, California; Harold H.

and onehalf months, a short service Gutke, Smithfield, Utah; Marshall K. Brinwas held and a speaker graphically reton, Murray, Utah; Jack B. Watkins, BrigSalt City, I. Cannon, Utah; George called the trials of the Prophet, along ham Provo, Utah; City; Stephen H. Clark, Lake

with the blessings which he received in Harold S. Davis, Shelley, Idaho; Clayton

the revelations given to him during his Longhurst, Randolph, Utah; Merlin L. Animprisonment. There were the large drew, Trenton, Utah; Virginia Sorensen,

Wyoming. flat stones on the floor which undoubtLovell, Mission: Dennis L. Wright, New England

edly pillowed the head of God's chosen Brigham City, Utah; Marjorie Smith,

servant in his Gethsemane. It was a Draper, Utah.

fitting climax for the day and everyone Northern States Mission: Frederick Karl

Salt Balli, Salt City; G. Dunn, Vern Lake left the place in a spirit of awe. It

Smith, City; L. Salt Lake Willard Lake

was almost as if we had communed with City; Albert T. Turtle. Manti, Utah;

the Prophet Joseph himself. Monroe J. Paxman, Provo, Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

CHURCH MOVES ON Missionaries Released in Grace, Idaho; William E. Woodbury, Jr., Lake City; Gordon I. Hyde, Salt Lake City;

September, 1941 dolph,Hurricane,Utah;Utah;AaronMerrillG. M.Amacher,Johnson,Logan,RanLowellY. Peterson,D. Smith,Shelley,Salt Idaho;Lake City;HowardLesterE.

North Central States: Arthur R. CarlUtah; Joseph R. Hilton, Oakland, CaliMarshall, Minersville, Utah; Evan H.

ston, Fairview, Utah; William R. Manning, fornia; Uriel B. Todd, Modesto, California. Marchant, Holladay, Utah.

Cedar City, Utah; Arvid Fredrickson, Hawaiian Mission: Norman W. TorWestern States: Lowell A. Griffiths,

Roosevelt, Utah; Elmer R. Collins, Preston, gerson. Salt Lake City; Tom Hayes Doxey, Clarkston, Utah; Jack R. Warner, Spanish

Idaho; Okey L. Hubner, Mendon, Utah; Salt Lake City; Glen Walton, Salt Lake Fork, Utah; Thomas E. Tuckett, Spanish

Robert W. Hansen, Salt Lake City; DonCity; Evan M. Bird, Delta, Utah; LeRoy Fork, Utah; Junior L. Jaussie, Paris, Idaho;

ald B. Cox, Fairview, Utah; Edward D. A. Hill, Payson, Utah; Franklin A. Spencer, Grant Colvin Cluff, Provo, Utah.

Christensen, Antonito, Colorado; Melvin Salt Lake City; Neil S. Stewart, Meadow, Hawaiian Mission: Arthur J. Sperry,

C. Woodland, Pocatello, Idaho; Donald E. Utah; Calvin C. Woolley, Salt Lake City; Jr., Salt Lake City; Samuel W. Hilton, Jr.,

Madsen, Salt Lake City; Keith D. Miller, George V. Peterson, Richfield, Utah. Pleasant Grove, Utah; Don W. Conover,

American Fork, Utah; Albert S. Johnson, Japanese Mission: James C. Chatwin, Provo, Utah.

Sugar City, Idaho; Myron L. Western, Jr., Mammoth, Utah; Iris Lynn, Lovell, WyoJapanese Mission: Douglas L. Pay, Salt

Pocatello, Idaho; Howard H. Carter, St. ming; Phyllis Nelson, Pocatello, Idaho; Lake City; Abel J. Ekins, Pleasant Grove,

George, Utah; Herbert L. Harbertson, OgWanda Elaine Matthews, Salt Lake City; Utah; Hyrum T. Newman, Jerome, Idaho.

den, Utah; Marion W. Hinton, Hurricane, V. Grant Jacobson, Provo, Utah; Theris P. Argentine Mission: Leslie M. Bowers,

Utah; A. Kay Thornock, Randolph, Utah; Astle, Smithfield, Utah; Sheridan R. AnAlhambra, California; James R. Barton,

Charles Jenkins, Jr., Logan, Utah; Lawrence derson, Idaho Falls, Idaho. Albuquerque, New Mexico.

A. Erskine, Salt Lake City; Dennis I. StutzBcaziltian Mission: Max L. Shirts, Brazilian Mission: W. Grant Bangerter,

man, Bisbee, Arizona; Mrs. Hilda M. StutzHailey, Idaho. Granger, Utah; Joel P. Lillywhite, Brigham

man, Bisbee, Arizona; Clyde T. Tarbet, City, Utah; LeRoy Q. Pia, Salt Lake City;

Logan, Utah. Missionaries Released in Woodrow O. Christiansen, Fairview, Utah;

Northwestern States: Leone Paul, Los October, 1941 Jesse M. Orme, Rexburg, Idaho.

Angeles, California; Robert W. English,

San Jose, California; Florence J. Johnson, (Concluded from page 735) Those Who Have

Riverside, California; Hermoine Tracy, Northwestern States: Eunice E. JohnPassed Away

Ogden, Utah; Dean R. Hicken, Richmond, son, Salt Lake City; Lorin G. Folland, Jr.,

Utah; Ross D. Jackson, Randolph, Utah; Salt Lake City; James M. Pope, Jr., (Concluded from page 735)

H. Harvey Peterson, Ogden, Utah; Dan Independence, Missouri; Blaine A. Quist, ent of the Liberty Stake Sunday Schools.

L. Peterson, Woods Cross, Utah; Marvin Arco, Idaho; Donald Gale, Lehi, Utah; E. Robert A. Pyper, 82, well known in

E. Fredrickson, Vernon, Utah; Clyde R. Byron V. Mumford, Montpelier, Idaho; musical circles, and brother of George D.

Jones, Salt Lake City; John D. Ipson, Edwin E. Smith, Rexburg, Idaho. Pyper, general superintendent of the DesMontpelier, Idaho. Southern States: Ruth E. Beers, Clayeret Sunday School Union, September 19,

Southern States Mission: Dean L. pool, Arizona; Milton D. Gardner, Lund, at Salt Lake City.

Hyde, Fresno, California; Hattie R. Huber, Nevada; Ralph T. Jones, Duncan, Arizona; John G. Shields, 84, for thirtytwo years

Midway, Utah; Don L. Nielsen, Ogden, Frank N. Terry, Ogden, Utah; David K. bishop of the Pine canyon, and later the

Utah; Melba H. Hokanson, Grover, WyoBarber, Hurricane, Utah; Douglas L. Hatch, Lake View Ward, September 27, at Tooele,

ming; Doris L. Bryson, Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City; Myrle E. Wright, Salt Lake Utah.

Texas Mission: Samuel B. Francis, City; Gladys L. Larsen, Rexburg, Idaho. Wilhelm Fogelberg, 85, professor of

Santa Ana, California; Berma I. Averett, Texas Mission: Lawrence B. March, music at the old Brigham Young College,

Lovell, Wyoming. Murray, Utah; Rose S. Rick, Salt Lake Logan, and the Utah State Agricultural ColWestern States: Milton K. Beal, EphCity; William D. Newsome, Salt Lake lege, September 27, at Logan, Utah.

raim, Utah; John A. Bishop, Delta, Utah; City; Leslie F. Nelson, Mt. Pleasant, Utah; Lars Nielsen, 84, former mayor of SpanGeorge A. S. Cheever, Jr., Payson, Utah; Dean W. Haslam, Shelley, Idaho; Cecil ish fork, a member of the Miner G. Atwood

Alden K. Harline, Salt Lake City; Lyla M. M. Martin, Scipio, Utah; Arthur Wallace, company of pioneers in 1866, died at his

Russell, Murray, Utah; Donald G. Turner, Salt Lake City; Glynn C. Bennion, Salt Spanish Fork home, September 27.

AND JESUS SAID

(Continued from page 722) est in the kingdom of heaven. (Matt. 18:

Another time when He had gone 3-4.) of Yeold havetime, heardThou thatshaltit notwaskill;saidandby whothem

to the synagogue the Pharisees tried Many other examples could be soever shall kill shall be in danger of the to ensnare Him by asking if it were cited, but consider for a moment the judgment: But I say unto you, That whohis brother without a with is angry the Sabbath. heal tolawful on priests the gave to and soever answer He

shall the judgment: of cause be in danger the scribes they would know when them, said unto What man shall And he shall brother, his to and whosoever say

there be among you, that shall have one if it were lawful to give tribute to Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but

fall it if the pit into sabbathsheep, a and on shall fool, shall say, Christ be whosoever Caesar. of their Thou knew The

it lift it, hold lay and notday, he on fire. in hell of 5:2122.) (Matt. danger said: crafty ways, and He is better than then aout? man much willHow

it that said them heard have by was Ye it is to lawful well a sheep? Wherefore do tempt me? ye Shew me a... Why adultery: shalt time, old not commit of Thou 12:1112.) days. the (Matt. sabbathon superscription penny. and image... Whose 5:2728.) 1 (Matt. But unto say you

it? said, hath Caesar's. and answered They the healed saying, Jesus so shall It said, put And hath been Whosoever

said therefore them, he unto Render And let his wife, writing give her a him away of a believer.withered hand the things unto Caesar's Caesar which be

... divorcement: unto 1 say But you ilverbal did use Jesus Not only things the God's. of and unto which be God 5:3132.) (Matt.

20:2325.)lustrations, visual (Luke aids but used He that heard been it hath Again, ye have

at disciples well. time oneas The shalt not time, said old them by Thou of better teaching our much How greatest the the asked thyself,had shalt was unto perform but Him forswear who be used would examples! more if we

... thine oaths: I unto Lord say you Butin of the For Heaven. Kingdom

3. the Personal In Testimony. (Matt. 5:3334.) little childreply, a called and He the great the Sermon on Mount, it said, that hath been heard have Ye inset them, the of midst and him

for tooth for a tooth: eye, excellent Teacher a an and pereye of use made Ansaid, things: other among... 5:3839.) I (Matt. unto say But you sonal testimony, rewhich He

... Verily I say unto you, Except ye enforced by repeating the general Ye have heard that it hath been said,

children, converted, as littlebe and become enter shall not into theye kingdom of idea over and over again. This will Thouthine enemy.shalt loveButthyI neighbour,say unto andyou hate...

heaven. Whosoever therefore shall humble readily be seen in the following ex- (Matt. 5:4344.)

himself as this little child, the same is greatcerpts: (Concluded on page 758)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

AND JESUS SAID {Concluded from page 757) the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou The lawyer answered: "He that

serve. (Matt. 4:10.) him."shewed mercy on

I he say "But unto you"—truly

said Jesus, "Then,"what "go, and do was it Jesus said when And authority.""as havingspoke one

He drove the money changers from thou likewise."

4. Repetition. Frequently simthe temple? While Jesus was teaching in the

ple repetition alone carried the message. In the Beatitudes can be theIt houseis written,of prayer;my housebut yeshallhavebemadecalledit bytemplethe priestsone dayandHethewasscribes.confrontedThis

found one of the best examples of a den of thieves. (Matt. 21:13.) time they insisted that Jesus tell them

finding ideasrepeated parallel exauthority taught and what He In several 6. Contrast. of His bypression. said: Christ healed, that gave and was who it discourses Jesus taught by contrast-

"Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs ing one idea with another. For exHim the authority. He didn't andirectly, themis but instead He the of heaven."kingdom ample, Matthew records the followswer

"Blessed question are they put a that mourn: for they to them ing:shall comforted."be

it for "Blessed the shall are they inof baptism heaven, meek: from John, was The repetipray, vain use But not ye when

herit earth."the of men?... tions, this or the as heathens After do

"Blessed are they themselves, they sayreasoned with do which hunger and And... therefore manner pray ye

thirst after righteousness will for ing, shall shall they heaven; say, he be From we for yourself not treasures upon up Lay

filled."believed say, not? then But him ye IfWhy.. earth treasfor yourself lay But up

if all "Blessed merciful: are will say, the shall for people the they and men; Of we... in ures 6:7-20.) (Matt..heaven

obtain mercy."stone us: for they be persuaded that John

"Blessed are the pure in heart: for they Note also the antithesis in the inciwas a prophet. And they answered that

shall see God."

"Blessed are the peacemakers: for they dent as told by Luke. When one of Jesusthey couldsaid untonot them,tell whenceNeitherittellwas.I youAndby

shall be called the children of God."the Pharisees marveled that Jesus sat what authority I do these things. (Luke

"Blessed are they which are persecuted down to dinner without washing His 20:4-8.)

for righteousness'sake: for theirs is the hands, this was the reply:

of heaven."kingdom of times use Many, many made He

"Blessed clean Pharisees shall are revile ye make do ye, when men Now question, the to better but never adyou, of persecute the your shall and and platter; but cup and you, say asked: than vantage when He is full evil of of part falsely, ravening wickedagainstmanner and for you myall theinward. outside..

sake."(Matt. 5:3-11.) ness. (Luke 11:39.) What man of you, having an hundred

if lose of he them, not one doth efsheep, Question. Another 7. The 5. Quoted Authority. Turn now the in ninety leave nine the wilderness, and fective method the Master used byto Matthew's account of the temptais lost, after that until he find which and gotion of Jesus during His fortyday was the question. We read in the it? (Luke 15:4.)

fast. He here relied not on His own gospel of Luke that a certain lawyer

conviction alone, but upon recorded questioned Jesus, saying: "What From parables to questions, Christ

authority. Satan tempted Him to shall I do to inherit eternal life?"used them all to further man's unturn the stones into bread, but Jesus Jesus said unto him: "What is derstanding. A few of His methods

answered him and said written in the law? how readest stand out clearly, while others are

thou?"The lawyer answered the not so well due to defined—perhaps is It written, shall live not bread by Man in satisfactorily the brevity these question gospels. of the One

alone, but that proceedeth by every word thing, is evident: shalt love the however, words: Lord Jesus "Thou the ofout (Matt. mouth of God. 4:4.)

thy God with all thy heart, and with was a good teacher, and good

Satan persisted. Jesus should all thy soul, and with all thy strength, teachers have always used good

cast Himself down from a pinnacle and with all thy mind; and thy neighmethods—combinations of them

of the temple, but Jesus said: bor as thyself."But he wanted to and attracted much interest. And

It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt know who his neighbor was. Jesus few there are who can come under

the Lord thy God. (Matt. 4:7.) replied with the story of the Good the influence of a great teacher withSamaritan (Luke 10:3035), and out going away enriched. We may

The kingdoms of the world Satan when he had finished He asked the call teaching techniques by new offered to Jesus if He would but fall lawyer: names, but essentially human beings

down and worship him. respond to the same methods today Which now of these three, thinkest thou,

Then Jesus said unto him, Get thee hence, was neighbour unto him that fell among that were successfully demonstrated

Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship thieves? (Luke 10:36.) centuries ago.

NATIVITY SIGNS IN PALESTINE AND THE AMERICAS

(Continued from page 720) the believers on the score of creduldeath when the five years had fully should be given as witnesses that the ity, but they denounced them as blaspassed and no sign had been given.

Redeemer had come into the world. phemers. They charged that the Here truly we see the making of

Almost as effectively as dropping prediction belittled the awful majesty high emotional tension. Not even

a fiveyear time bomb, this predicof God—God indeed to be born a the churchmen could say whether

tion of the Lamanite seer set the mere helpless babe! As the excitethe signs would be given at the close

eyes of all the people in anxious anment heightened with the approach of the period or earlier. As a matter

ticipation of that lapse of time. It of the alloted time, a decree was deof fact they came at the exact close

also divided the nation into two facclared invoking the death penalty of the period, thus leaving the nation tions whose contentions grew more which the law of Moses provided for anxiously watching all that time for acrimonious as the five years passed blasphemers. Those who persisted the one night that should be as day.

along. The scoffers not only chided in their credulity should be put to The scoffers very likely scoffed

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

NATIVITY SIGNS IN PALESTINE AND THE AMERICAS louder, and the faithful prayed then manifesting divine signs to all of the entire account. Consider first

harder as the weary and still disthe unbelievers as well as all the the night that was all light and beauappointing evenings came and went. faithful in that total population tiful with a strange luminosity.

Excitement swelled to ever greater that indeed is remarkably unusual in Light is a pure symbol, a perfect heights until finally the leader of the God's dealings with Israel. figure to represent the entry into

church group could bear the suspense It stands also as challenge to our life of Him who came "to give light and sorrow of the people no longer. thinking, not to be ignored. Why to them that sit in the darkness and

He drew off by himself and pleaded was it thus designed? in the shadow."And since He was

with the Lord hour after hour all the We may not be able to understand in fact "that true light that lighteth day. When he returned he could fully the purposes of the Lord in every man that cometh into the

give his people assurance from the these remarkable circumstances world,"how closely appropriate very voice of God that the sign would among the Nephites. We should that at His coming into the

be given that very night. "Lift up recall, however, that Samuel had inworld the entire night should be

your head,"the Voice had said to cluded in his prophecy a sketch of turned into light!

Nephi, "and be of good cheer, for the world's most terrible catastrophe behold, the time is at hand, and on which was to follow the Christ's What shall be said of the new the morrow come I into the world."death if the people continued in their star? "The heavens declare the

Nephi 1:13. wickedness. Perhaps the impressiveglory of God,"the Psalmist spoke

ness and universality of these signs for us all. The "bright and mornat His birth must in justice be made ing star"is the designation of Christ

Tn true Israelitish demonstratism, to match the awfulness and univerby the Revelator John. In a superb

when the manifestations actually sality of the three days of calamities sense stars are truly forever reprein testimony of sentative open of all, the the seen eyes beforewere God to follow makes His death. The Lord

fell the of sky that face partgreater to the across the of the people He is the His warnings with comparable earth as though dead. What floods judgments; great judgments call for there in His heavens. The spirit of

declare, to Smith filledof ecstacy thanksgiving and Joseph moved find truth great here warnings. Hence we

least the or that seen of any hearts haththe the believers after those "He manifestations the greatest world's all in moving of of has seen emotions, these pentup Godmonths thirtypleadings preceding must and by be left to the imagination. three years earth's supreme devasHis majesty and glory."His creworlds without to form ative power tations. in vain might search through One at His symbolized thus was number all for of history the even a pages The third feature in the Book of

close parallel to this dramatic preMormon that calls for attention is birth.

diction and its climactic fulfillment. the symbolism connected with the Light! a Star! The two most perHolding an entire nation in tense new star and the night of light. fect emblems to join the song of

expectancy for five years, or at least, The forceful symbolism of these the angels in welcoming the advent for a good part of that time; and signs is truly the fitting culmination into the world of Jesus the Christ.

SANTA CAME ON WHEELS (Continued from page 719) ground with us in it! Father wouldn't taking out the mysterious package.

once it seemed he had changed from be able to find even the spot where Sure enough it contained a roll of a boy to a man. our house had stood. We specudoeskin, thread, needles, and a

"Whoever they are,"Aunt Marlated on this calamity until the firepacket of colored beads.

garet said, "I'm sure they'll not light died down, and Grandma had "The Lord helps them that help molest us."covered the coals for the night. themselves,"she said, cutting and

"Of course they won't! There's The next day and night we stitching the doeskin into moccasins

nothing to be scairt of,"snapped watched for signs of the campers, of various sizes.

to "Off Grandma. seeing bed with you, but none, talking stopped we Christmas before we days Two

it."be quiet aboutand to except them, about wonder of rain; the wind to the sound if they woke

had stopped at Webb's store on their came again, and until long after.L/uring prayers, the baby way out of the valley. Peter said dark there was only the roaring of

sat bolt upright, his blue eyes fixed he would find out when he went for the timber, and the beating of the intently on the shining surface of the mail and supplies.... rain. Toward evening it began to

the gun which Peter had taken from Our linsey dresses were done at snow, and Peter looked very dethe wall and placed on the table. last. Three days before Christmas, spondent because he knew Mother

Everyone smiled when Adelaide finMother said we might try them on. would not let him go to Cove Fort

ished her prayer by saying: "... When we came out from behind the for supplies and the mail if the storm

and please, Lord, bless us that we'll dressing curtain, everyone clapped. continued. We did not mind doing

not get killed until Father comes "Who are these two little stranwithout the supplies so much, but home. Amen."gers?"asked Mother. "They look there might be a letter from Father.

Adelaide and I, from the top bed, like sticks of peppermint candy."Just before sunset the clouds broke

could see the firelight flickering on The baby pointed his finger at the apart and in the west the sun set in the rafters above our heads, as we gay colors. "What's dat?"he kept a gray sea of mist. That night the

whispered excitedly together. asking, solemnly. ice froze in the pools between every

What if the Navajoes would set Everyone laughed but Grandma. little hummock and ridge, and

fire to our sheds and corral! What "I ain't seen signs of any shoes,"sheeted the level ground. We ran

if our house should burn to the she declared, going to the trunk and (Continued on page 760)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

THE ADVERTISERS SANTA CAME ON WHEELS and Where You Will Find {Continued from page 759) hideand-goseek. The fire gleamed

Their Messages to the edge of the clearing to see on the soft yellow coat of the dog, the silver fronds at the quakingstretched across the hearthstone.

Alexandria Hotel 740 aspens'roots. When we knelt down for prayers,

AllisChalmers Mfg. Co 711 After breakfast the next mornwe were all happy that it was MothBeesley Music Company 753 ing, Mother said Peter could go if er's turn to pray, because we loved

Beneficial Life Insurance Co the weather remained clear. When to hear the sweet tones of her voice.

Back Cover Peter and Alan went to the stable "Father in Heaven,"she began,

Bluhill Cheese 738 for the burro, Adelaide and I fol- "we are so happy to be together in

Borden's Evaporated Milk 739 761 lowed. They lifted us to the saddle our warm shelter on this Christmas Brigham Young University

and let us ride from the barn to the Eve, even though this is the first 765 Continental Oil Company house. slipped altime burro faltered. voice The and "Her we—we—

743, 753 Music Daynes Company ice, the sheet silent most waited, went for on down a tense moWe 732 Deseret Book Company to stay on. her ment, then managed to Aunt got up we Grandma 766 but Press Deseret News

Margaret advised Peter to take the feet. "I think the Lord knows what's

Ecker Photographic Studio 708 west road to the Fort, as the stream in our hearts this night, even though 738 Glade Candy Company 761 on the south road might have swolyou cain't say it, Sairey,"she said. Globe Grain Milling Co 743, &

Gospel Standards 707, 742 len from the rains and would be "Off to bed with you, children, and

Hall's Canker Remedy 740 too deep and swift. He said goodbe sure you go to sleep if you exHillam Costume Shop 765 bye, after many lastminute instrucpect anything from Santa Claus."

Hovey Press 743 tions, and we waved until he disAfter we had gone to bed it

KSL Inside Back Cover appeared in the distance. seemed to us that we were wider

L. D. S. Business College 764 The day turned out bright and awake than we'd been in our lives,

McDonald's Don't Boil Cocoa....739 clear. The sun shone warm on the though the low murmur of grownup

Mountain Fuel Supply Co Inside Front Cover slopes and the wind had died down. voices ceased after awhile, and the

Par Soap Company 742 Alan and I found a blue spruce just shadows on the ceiling flickered out.

Purity Biscuit Company 705 beyond the quaking aspens and by Finally we slept. Once I dreamed

Quish School of Beauty Culture 740 the time Peter returned, we had it I heard Grandma say that either

Rancho Soups 741 standing upright in the corner by John or the Lord had forgotten the

Royal Baking Company 742 the window, trimmed with scraps of children's shoes and she thought it

Royal Typewriter Company 762 cloth and bits of colored glass. When was a good thing some folks had

Safeway Stores, Inc 709 the fire light shone on the glass, it better memories....

Brands of California....743 Standard 710 looked almost as gay as if we'd had When the light broke over the Oil Standard

Tea Garden Products 738 real candles. clearing, Adelaide and I got up, Travelers Motor Lodge 708 Peter brought the mail—letters washed our faces and hands, and

Union Pacific Stages 767 from Father, and a card for Aunt put on our new dresses. The mocUtah Engraving Company 762 Margaret with a red Santa Claus casins Grandma had made were laid

Utah Oil Refining Co 763 painted on it. She let us pin it to out for us by the hearth, and after

Utah Poultry Prod. Coop Assn...739 the top of the tree, and it looked very we had tied them on, we stirred the

gay and bright. Peter said there fire and put on a rich pine log to get

On the Book Rack hadWebb'snot store,been soanyhe strangersthought theat a bright,"ChristmasquickGift!blaze.Christmas Gift!"

( Concluded from page 732 campers must have gone the other we shouted, and everyone got up, to "those readers who are making their first dressed, and gathered around theacquaintance with the lives and activities way.We hung our stockings above the fire. It was Alan's turn to pray, but

the notof Presidents fireplace time First have mantel. and do the who under said could a little keep Mother we

for extensive reading opportunityor Peter's, and there then Grandma's was until in after hearts prayer our we pointinvestigation."a mechanical From to Mother's, then so on and down gifts. at our looked had that large also view, it shouldof noted be

tiny one. baby's placed the our attractive margins, generoustype, and We I said, goodness, Grandma "My gifts tree. the of this the Father'sformat easy pages under make work were their so. think Let should have 'em pursue.to L. E. R. in paper, heavy and brown wrapped off tear things the roof before they

it seemed strange to think we could the house."

get mail from as far away as HogMusic Each stocking contained a stick gan's Sawmill. {Concluded from page 753)

diligence, he can never expect to do of peppermint candy, some raisins, his very best as a choir member. and an orange. In Adelaide's and

The third question, "What are you /Vfter supper, Aunt Marmine, were thimbles that Father doing it for?"is easily answered by the garet read to us about the birth of had sent from the camp. Peter got

sincere candidate. His desire is to the Christ Child in faraway Judea. a mouth organ, and Alan, a jew's-

serve the Lord. We can listen to but We sat so quietly that a little wind, harp. When he played it, it

one speaker at a time, but there is no moaning outside, sounded as though sounded as though a hummingbird limit to the number in the choir that it too wanted to come into the light had somehow got into the house.

the the ofcan message for fascinators of our cheery room. hour. and Mother warmth There were appealing, of the most oneA choirproclaimis the paisley the the dusk, Against Margaret, a frost on and and Aunt in organizationscompelling Church, our

and it can do many things in stimulatwindow-pane raised fernlike patshoulder shawl for Grandma. The

ing us to good works that a speaker terns in delicately tinted etchings. baby got a pair of red mittens. When

cannot do, and in a way that no serLittle fire motes gleamed red on the we put them on his hands, he went mon can. back of the chimney, and played at from one to the other, holding them

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

Santa Came on Wheels up and saying in his solemn way, "Wot's dis?"

The boys had made a sled with runners, linedcarved with iron from rim.an old wagonwheel had Make this They

a real surprise for Mother. Withtheir pocket knives, they had carved Wonderful

a miniature set of the Nativity. On

a smooth pine board about the size of a small windowpane, they had arranged the little figures: Mary

with the Christ Child in her arms;Joseph; the three Wise Men; and MuSiijJ

suspended above all was the Star ( PASTRY glass bead tied to Grandma's hat 2C. GLOBE "A1"FLOUR i tsp. iait

C. shortening 6 tbsp. cold 4 to water GET'AI'RESUITS %pin). could have been No light Sift flour, salt. measure; add Cut in shortening in everything you glowing that in than Mother'smore coarsely. to water particles hold enough Add

PLUS added roll in halves; Divide dough out onebake she aseyes gathered

9 the boys in her together.half inch pan. a and line Reserve remaining benefit* of B-Vitafor lattice crust. them. thanked toparms and

After we had all admired the boy's 3|/2 C. sliced peaches,FILLINGcanned or fresh mins and Ironl

fine workmanship, Adelaide and I 2 tbsp. GLOBE "A1"FLOUR

C. tbsp. 4 butter sugar brown V2 crossstitch thegave aprons we had

1 salt tbsp. lemon Juice J/8 tsp. tomade Mother, Grandma, welldrained and Place peaches on unbakedAunt Margaret, and they were so Mix sugar, flour and salt, add butter and lemoncrust.

proud of them they wore them all the juice;pour overheatpeaches.until sugarMakeandlatticebuttertop arewithmelted;strips

rest of the day. of pastry. Bake in a hot oven (450 deg.) 10 min.

Reduce heat to moderate (350 deg.); bake about

30 min. longer.

When prayers and breakfast were over, we grew quiet, thinking of Father, and wondering if he missed being home on Christmasday. The boys did the chores, and GLOBE Al'FLOUR

in laughing they becausecame had illllll IIIIIIIICIHIIIIinC HIM lllltlllllll Illllllllli Mill IMIIIIIIIUIIIIItlllllKllllllllllllllt I1II1IIIIUI II IIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIHI llllllllll 1I1IIIIII1I 1II1IIIIIJIIHI 1 1 1 1 1 il '1 Lina,given the cow, an apple (one of their own—in those days apples

were very scarce ) and she had tossed her head as much as to say, "Merry I I WINTER RICHES iChristmas, and thanks for the ap- [ ple."As the keystone term of the school year, the winter quarter

"This has been a wonderful day,"offers a richer opportunity for study than any other period.Mother said later, as Adelaide and

I were washing the dinner dishes. | 500 Courses in 38 Departments.

"Well, I don't see the shoes John Special Lectures, by Will Durant, Lyman Bryson, Ethan Colton, promised the children. Looks like Edward Weeks, and Don Blanding.

him or the Lord plumb forgot them,"Concerts, by St. Louis Symphony, Andor Foldes, Joseph

piped Grandma, sweeping up the Bonnet, Belgian PianoString Quartet.

crumbs with brisk, swift motions. Dramas. Socials, Athletic Activities.

Mother, who was knitting, thrust the free needle into the ball of yarn and laid the stocking in her work Leadership Week, January 2630 basket. "The day isn't over with

yet,"she answered. | WINTER QUARTER

"Let's go out and try our sled—January 5 to March 27

ought to be good coasting on the knoll,"suggested Alan. We all ran

out, free shouting glad to to be and UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG Is E air. the pure,breathe cold our But I Provo, Utah |

== a= despite the cold soonfeet were heavy niiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiimiimum iimmii immimiiiimiimiiiiiiiiin iiiiiimimiiiiim minimi inn iiim in i n 1 1 in mm imiiiiiimimmmtpieces of gunny sack we had wrapped around them, so after an hour or two we ran back to the house.

"Guess who has been here?"cried Send the "Era"for Christmas to your boys who are away and

Aunt Margaret. Her eyes were

shining, and Mother's cheeks were keep them close to home and Church ties. (See page 705.)

pink. {Concluded on page 762)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

SANTA CAME ON WHEELS (Concluded from page 761 until spring. They had run out of shoes, we grew merry again. They

provisions shoes, but and money, heavy with hooks had were up the this couldn't answer, for by We plenty of clothing front the laces. which to hold and shoes, we Whentime traveled the to our eyes had

table where, shining and new, were they had intended to sell when they got up to walk, we made so much four pairs of shoes. reached California. Mother had noise that Grandma declared we

"Father!"we yelled in chorus. traded them some flour and bacon sounded like a band of "Injuns."

"No. Not Father. Guess again. for the shoes. As she limped from the flour barall about their visit, rel to the cupboard and looked atDidn't you see tracks in the yard We asked

wheel tracks?"asked Mother. where they sat at the table to eat, the depleted store, she sniffed, and

and what they said, and how they the brackets on each side of her "The Campers!"we shouted, looked. They had three children mouth drew down into a horseshoe.

jumping up and down. two small boys and a girl about my "Father promised us shoes,"said

Mother nodded. age. We felt sad and disappointed. Adelaide, looking down at the shinThen we learned that they had Visitors were so rare in those days, ing black leather that encased her

been with a company en route to the and it would have been such fun feet. "He promised, and the Lord

gold mines in California. Sickness to see other children, and play with has sent them to us."

had delayed them and now they them. But when Mother suggested "At a price,"said Grandma. "At

were going to Hoggan's camp to stay that we dry our feet and try on the a price."

ECONOMIC UTILIZATION OF IRRIGATION WATER

[Concluded from page 710) that the maximum production per acre and may be abandoned. Some use

to apply at each irrigation are problems inch of water was the goal to strive for can always be made of the surplus land that should be worked out on the ground in the West where land is abundant that cannot be fully irrigated.

while taking into account the character and water is scarce. This doctrine may I am well acquainted with a group of

of the soil, the crop or crops being be good up to certain limits; but there farms that have a dependable water

grown, and the water supply available are other factors to keep in mind, such supply for less than half the land that for use. as the economic returns for effort exis under cultivation. Sometimes there

About five years ago there was a pended. It costs more to operate and is enough spring runoff to irrigate all

concerted effort made to induce the harvest two acres of land than it does the land. In that event it is all irriwater users to spread the limited supply one acre and the increased yield obgated and part of the acreage is planted

of water over more land on the theory tained by spreading a sixacre inch to corn or to spring grain that receives irrigation over two acres instead of no further irrigation. The late water

one may not be justified by the returns is concentrated on such crops as potatotal yield. slightly increased a from toes, effort is plant to an and made.. OffER carried as such only an be WE amount thirty after It may years conclusion, is my COMPLETE A successfully maxithrough with near it to is better study, that consistent of SERVICE ENGRAVING

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest confine a limited water supply to an mum yields. Alfalfa takes up the slack.

Catalogues these farmers Sometimes not harvest do will reasonably bring that a Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention acreage they of alfalfa; but third crop always acre a good a per and do heavy yield CO. UTAH ENGRAVING crops. system This produce good two acreage, the limited job of farming on 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah for success a long over pehas made and the water rather than to spread

the effort over a larger acreage and riod of years and can be recommended.

from it obtain such a poor crop as to A wise distribution and use of the

LET YOUR makeductionforofdiscouragement,weeds. In the latterand thecaseproit irrigationsolving thewaterproblemwill goofa keepinglong wayourin

TYPIST DECIDE! is not long until the farm is run down people off the relief rolls.

If it's newtypewriter time, let your secretary decide. She alone

knows which make enable* her to do better work taster!

she'll are Chances pick a THE HISTORICAL BACKGROUND OF THE of us—place Let one Royal

these easywriting machines in your office on free trial. Just PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH

call us. (Continued from page 717) And first to you, my dear wife, I do with all the strength and power that is in me, wrote a document of sound advice beseeching God who is the husband of the for the guidance of his family. This widow, to take care of you and not to

advice could be followed very profleaveto leaveyounornorforsakeforsake Him,you, nornor Hissufferways.you

itably by his descendants to this day. Put your whole trust solely in Him; He

did will that forsake nor never any in the never believer a devout He was chiltrust in dear Him. now, And my sacrifice of our Redeemer, Atoning let dren, heart to.. out pour. and you me my

but could not conform to the dogmas speak first of immortality in your souls. RRYAt this point; the soul is immortal; not in and religious notions of his day Trifle

infinite to deal with an you have WORLD'S NO. 1 which brought down the wrath of you go upon life and death, thereforeMajesty;in

TYPEWRITER some pious hypocrites upon his head. this point be serious. Do all to God in a

Time has vindicated his sound judgserious manner; when you make your adto dress Majesty, be His great in good INC. CO., ROYAL TYPEWRITER in his interest item of ment. One Trifle earnest. with not with nor His name, 3 So., 169 East Salt Lake City. Utah I epistle to his family remarkable to call to witness nor him His attributes, Mgr. O. J. Morgan,

will here present. anything but in absolute truth, nor then,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

THE HISTORICAL BACKGROUND OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH but when sound judgment and reason or inspiration fulfilled, but he did. In when he first came to the bedside

serious consideration require it. his declining years, his son, Joseph, of Joseph Smith with the definite call

He had a good sense of humor and grandson, Don Carlos, came to to his important mission.

which he mingled with his seriousvisit him bringing a copy of the Book These are a few of the highlights ness, but he knew when properly to of Mormon. He accepted their mesin the background of the history of

use it. When, on one occasion, he sage and that of his grandson, JosJoseph Smith, the Seer, whom the

declared his possessions to the tax eph, readily, but was not baptized Eternal Father and His beloved Son assessor, he couched his statement because of enfeebled health. He appointed before he was born, to

in the following words died a short time later, October 31, stand at the head of the glorious of the Fulness of Dispensation age. eightysix years of 1 830, when

I is tho'poles, poor; have one two of Son God shall joined when the Times wife, Duty Smith, MaryI five three have more; His want and cows

I have no horse, but fifteen sheep; the Church, moved to Kirtland where come to take his rightful place as

No more than these this year I keep. she died full of faith in the mission King of kings.

Steers, old, years one that's two that a building It proper is very Smith. pair; of her grandson, Joseph

I all hair; calves have, overTwo on this be erected should kind the first of Smith, Senior, was Joseph heffers old, yearsThree two I own;

One heffer calf that's poorly grone. to accept the message of the Prophet. this campus to the name and honor

My land is acres eightytwo, His life was from that time forth, of Joseph Smith. May those who

find the record search youleWhich for here come teach and those who of the history in the true interwoven all is store; this in I haveAnd magnithe forget instruction, never first Patriarch the was Church. He if more.I'll thank you'le tax no you

ordained in this dispensation, receivtude and glorious nature of this work

In his declining years he moved to ing that office by divine right as the which the Lord entrusted to the

Stockholm, St. Lawrence County, firstborn descendants of Ephraim. hands of Joseph Smith, and may

New York, and made his home with All of these persons were highly those eternal principles never be his son Silas. In stature he was tall respected and honored by their felforsaken or marred by the philosand he possessed unusual strength. low citizens, until the knowledge ophies of men. Let us remember

On one occasion he said: went forth that the Lord had spoken that Joseph Smith, the humble

It has been borne in upon my soul that to the youthful Prophet. From that farmer boy, was trained and inone of my descendants will promulgate a day forth vicious and evil persons structed as, perhaps, no other

to revolutionize the world of religiouswork trained, ever taught to and prophet was in their power did everything faith. the from sent instructors divine of by Joseph the character destroy

It is hardly possible that he exSmith and his forebears, thus fulthrone and presence of our Eternal pected to live to see his prophetic filling the prophetic words of Moroni Father.

Starts Nice and Easy!

For that smooth, quick, easy response which

starts you off like a "tenstrike"... give your

car the advantage of the faultless teamwork

of climatecontrolled Pep 88 winter gasoline

and fastflowing Vico motor oil, the modern

oil for modern motors.

Drive in where you see the familiar Vico—Pep

-2.X GASOLINE /& 88 sign of service.

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

LET NOT YOUR HEART BE TROUBLED "L D. S. TRAINING PAYSI"

(Concluded from page 715) be equally sincere in expressing therefore, them. tomessage, My imposed upon who what Germany

is to day, keep enmity out hate and to There are the unjust terms of Germans were the of controversy.

peace is the cause of present the worldwide conflict. As a result, Then, too, an election is approachLifetime Values millionsslaughtered,of homesmen arebrokenagainup, beingproping.come Candidatesbefore us forandconsideration.policies will

erty destroyed, women and children In times past, political campaigns massacred, nations subjugated or have engendered animosity and in a Business Education practically obliterated, the right of sometimes personal hatred. Hate

selfgovernment destroyed, and libthus harbored indicates an inferior erty itself threatened. grade of intelligence, a low degree

of culture.

Terrible as things are, I repeat, I still have faith that God will over- I know of no better way to bring rule all for the good of humanity. about harmony in the home, in the

neighborhood, in organizations, peace in our country, and in the

Evils to be Condemned world than for every man and wom- "There are things in the world an first to eliminate from his or which we may and should deher heart the enemies of harmony spise, but we can condemn the evil and peace such as hatred, selfishwithout hating the man. We should ness, greed, animosity, and envy.

develop an aversion for the things Why beholdest thou the mote that is which we ourselves can and should in thy brother's eye, but considerest not resist or overcome, and for the the beam that is in thine own eye?

things which Christ hated. We can

have an aversion for the works of Pertinent to this thought, Charles the flesh as enumerated by Paul, Wagner, author of The Simple Life, among which are adultery, fornicamakes this comment:

tion, uncleanness, lasciviousness, hatred, wrath, strife, seditions, hereEach person's base of operations is the sies, envyings, murders, drunkenfield of his immediate duty. Neglect this

ness, revelings, and such like; "of field, and all you undertake at a distance

First, then, is of your be compromised. I tell before, I have as you the which

city, your country, your own past, own that in own they times Entrance. L. D. S. Business College also told you

which do such things shall not inhome, your own church, your own workherit the kingdom of God."shop; then, if you can, set out from this

There is an urgent deto go beyond it. That is the plain and

mand for highly trained Eradicating Hate himselfnatural withorder,veryand bada manreasonsmustto fortifyarrive

STENOGRAPHERS TThen the rich young ruler asked at reversing it.

BOOKKEEPERS Jesus, "What great thing may I Brethren and sisters: "Let not

life?"the eternal Master to obtain do in believe troubled, heart be your ye OFFICE GENERAL his attention to called not one any of in the also Gospel God,"specific several thing, great but to WORKERS belief as the such Jesus Christ—abelieve commandments. in that solemn Savior on mind had The WINTER TERM beitself in action. gins January 4. Make your actSowetheremay domayto eradicatenot be anyhate,greatwar, occasionSo, in conclusion,will express

reservations now. and suffering in the world; but there

are many little but very important Keep your faith in the God above, duties within our power and province And faith in His righteous truth;

Write for our "Bulletin of Inforto accomplish. 'Twill bring you back to your absent love

And the joys of a vanished youth. mation"—and a copy of J. P. This is a time when men and

McEvoy's "Get Your Toe in the women should curb their tempers, You'll smile once more when your tears

Door."and when prompted to condemn are shed,

others, to hold their tongues. In Meet trouble and swiftly rout it;

And lost is the man without it. particithink actual those are who

will conflict in the L. D. S. national affairs, for example, there For faith is the strength of the soul inside. pation European

be necessary to end the struggle and May increased faith and trust in

BUSINESS COLLEGE othersto bringwhoaboutthinkpeace.such a stepTherewouldare theChristLordsupplantand in thethe spiritGospelof ofcontenJesus

I Salt Lake City, Utah be most tragic. The interventionist tion and hate now so rampant,

and the isolationist each has equal pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

rights to his views, and each may Amen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

The Editor's Page Ram in the Thicket (Continued from page 713) time; my daughter Rachel working

for $65.00 a month; my daughter

Lucy for $30.00 a month; and myself

for a little over $5,000.00 a year, that

in ten years I would be free with the world financially, and the thought of being free in one year was overwhelming.

I turned to Brother Taylor with tears in my eyes and said: "I know

that you have prophesied what will come true, and I am overwhelmed with gratitude that I am to be free financially in a year."

He said: "I am inspired to tell you

how to do it. You are not to plan to

make any money, but you are to get down on your knees every morning and tell the Lord you want to make As long as he doesn't lose his head, Sir Gobble -Gobble can some money that day, and then go calmly drop off to sleep and not off his perch all night. You'd

out and get it, and you will be astonthink his toes were plated to the bark, for this same sort of ished how easily you will make the "instinct"to keep ahold close is the great thing about OILmoney."PLATING. In your car OILPLATING keeps lubricant safely

lunch I went home for my draining to the back not all high and perched down up all night—I prayed bedroom,went and to my walls. cylinder exactly straightup That's crankcase, from evento the Lord, expressing unbounded

gratitude for the prophecy, and why the change to Conoco Nth motor oil, which OILPLATES thanked Him for giving me an asyour engine, assures lubrication "faster than fast"to make surance that it would be fulfilled. prompt Winter starting safe.

I told Him I did not want to wait Not startingwear alone but any wear is critical now when until tomorrow to make some money; the future's a fog. Then note the plain record of Conoco Nth

I wanted to make some that afterin its impartial allout Death -Test against five other bignoon, and an impression came to me brand quality oils. One strict 5-quart fill of some one brand

while I was praying, "Get the Utah went into each of six identical everyday cars. The referee

Sugar Company to pay a stock diviclamped locks on. Never a drop could be added, as all cars

till oils miles hour, quit sped 57 day, engines and an day on stock ofdend, value your and the outlived the outlived runnerup Nta dead. Conoco by 74%; sellwill increase, can and you lasted for Nth it for one proud brand than Conoco more 161%. by

more than the present price, to help twice the mileage averaged by all others tested. They were

you cancel your debts."all down to a smoking smear—engines ruined—as the fill of

I hired a buggy and interviewed Conoco Nth was still up above half!

all directors the of of the Utah starting Conserve quarts your time—your engine—your R. exceptSugar Thomas Company

of at to Winter Conoco Nth. today Change OILPLATING

I told lived at Lehi.Cutler, them who

I was called to Japan, but I did not Your Mileage Merchant's Conoco station. Continental Oil Co.

ask them to promise to vote at the meeting tomorrow, which was to be held at ten o'clock, for a stock diviCONOCO CONOCOdend, but that I was going to try to get them to do so; that I did not believe in trying to pledge them to vote MOTOR OIL

before we were in the meeting, as there might be something that would arise which would change their feelGLEAN, GLASSY COSTUMES ings and they would be voting We have THE BEST, the MOST COLORagainst their own idea of what was FULtumesandfor theyourMOSToperaAUTHENTIC"Erminie"cosand right. your play "The Barretts."Also For your boys away—for your

I called Brother Cutler on the TUXEDO SUITS for formal wear andtelephone and said: "I want to see stage use. friends at home—send an

and BIBLICAL CLAUS CHARthe meeting before tomorrowyou at SANTAACTERS, for and COSTUMES WIGS Christfor subscription "Era"need, every MATERIALS. to Lehi, Shall orten o'clock. come of Reasonable Service MAKEUPPrices—Best to close officewill keep them and mas at nine to you come Imy

thirty in the morning?"HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP

City, So. Main Salt Lake Utah home and Church ties. (See He answered: 10 "I will be at your 34Occupying in Constitution St.,Rooms

Building thirty inoffice the morning."at nine Us Your Needs page 705 for coupon.)

if that said the Utah Write to me He had (Concluded on page 767) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

SOLUTION OF NOVEMBER PUZZLE SCR |PTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLELOWLINESS OF MIND

nothing done through be "Let p r A A F A R M& % other let each esteem better than strifethemselves."—Phil.or vainglory; but2:3.in lowliness of A E s V B s mind D R E A D

1 1) E /o U E L ft B E L i E E A L A L A E T T,A x> N H E M s T A A 13 /I /v $ $

I) S L S A S w L $ %$ R -R s u D A L M IS /6 17 A & 1 R A E N D & T E -R N & R /8 F T H E $ G S P E L '<? ZO

L S O T E B u $ -R L E A S C N E D 11 23 2y Is % $G: I % E L N S N A M $ &

s -'F R 1 S T ZB 30 3/ $ C H 8NQ.4S,

3? 36 >oc—>0< 31 33

MERRY -MERRY 3S 3f CHRISTMAS YO HI V V3

VjT Vd V? n

YS Y<? so 51 53

r

57 5?

ACROSS

1 Nutritious seeds 37 "God... worketh in you"

.. likeness of in the act so (anag.) men"grass; can made coarse 39 ". 4 A

..."". the beateth as the one that "not same.. us rule"40 11 walk by

13 "but... one thing 1 do"41 Mohammedan sacred place

14 Half of nine 43 "... ye have always obeyed"CHRJSTMA 15 Edom; I am due (anag.) 44 "and some... of good will"

17 Fruit like the grape 46 "shine as lights... the world"

18 Before Christ (L.) 47 Means of transportation

19 "being of one accord, of one..."48 Drunkard

20 "that ye... like minded"50 Driven obliquely

21 Past 52 Venetian magistrate truly that.."express of the gospel "becometh to 54 an him "brought the spirit 22.".

. of. the "that at sitting.. the."young"name upon 56 "the 23 of are available the season

, the and "Until of mankind"57 25 "hath. been..... NOW from our beautiful 27 "begun a good work you shadows flee away"the

lines. But, to avoid disap29 "rejoice with.. all"58 Headland

pointment. DON'T DELAY. 3132 MasterRiver in Europe Our Text from Philippians is 11, 13,

strait 19, 20, 27, 29, 37, 39, 44, 46, 54, in a I... 33 "For Order today!

. of the.. of Christ"and 56 combined "enemies 35

We are featuring an assortment of 16 "Gingham"designs, intended mainly for the children, who DOWN of British India Province book in which this 26 Testament send cards to their little friends, 1 New at book 28 Old Testament appears Text 50c a box 2 College graduates 30 Abraham's old home 3 Half, a prefix 34 Note saints Masculine name in Christ Jesus all the 36 5 "to sta- "cutout monogram"our See angry... Philippi"Very are 37 which 25 sheets tionery, and envelopes "yet what I shall... I wot not"38 Fish 6

for $1.50. 7 Animal 42 "and I will... you out of their

8 In his old age this king of Judah bondage"suffered from gout 43 Watchful guardian

is in thee"which God, of ruler who finally the Jews fhe Btsmt lews fms 109 WildThe ass 45 "that thou... up the gift of..."the as blossom disciple of Christ a 47 "and became

29 Richards Street 12 "The thoughts of the diligent... 49 Wood sorrel

Salt Lake City, Utah 16 Daily,only anto eldplenteousness"form 5251 Greek"but yeletterhave made it a... of

Mail orders receive prompt attention 21 "we have done..., and have thieves"

dealt wickedly"53 Letter 24 Kind of coffee 55 Rubidium THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1941

The Editor's Page (Concluded from page 765) Sugar Company paid another stock dividend he would resign as the manager. I heard he could get

$25,000 a year by leaving us. He Wwas getting $15,000 from the Utah:

Sugar Company.

That night I prayed earnestly that **the Lord would change Brother arm 1Cutler's feelings so that he would be 0LU willing for the Utah Sugar Company to declare a stock dividend. r ten t-L

He came into my office in the said: "Well,morning and how 'OUS hoay *csless!than it c UDer.r Uninm Wc dividend stock of a do youmuch

want, Heber? I see you are called

willing a missionon to Japan. I am he,e 's"re to for all want. you a motion ure su etto make n

You raised for the Sugar Company -r hoiiday trfp $200,000 in connection with the firm andof CannonGrant & Company, SEE YOUR UNIONyour loss on that loan was $63,000, and individually you borrowed PACIFIC BUS AGENT $60,000, and loaned that to the Sugar FOR FULL DETAILS.

Company, on which your loss was $40,000, making a total of $103,000 actual loss to you personally."

will said to him: I then you "Now union pacific strces reserve; cent per a thirtyeighthave

I want a thirtyfive per cent stock dividend."He said: "You are entitled to it,

and I will do my best to get the dividend declared."and that I would resign at the next before I went to Japan, and I spoke

The vote for the dividend was meeting of the Board, provided that at his funeral, and I was only in carried unanimously, and in two I approved of the man they chose. Japan about two months when I redays my interest, direct and indirect, I had raised enough money myself ceived word that President Snow

in the Utah Sugar Company jumped individually to start the State Bank had died.

$16,000. I prayed about selling the of Utah. I wrote at the head of a I said to the committee: "Should

stock and was impressed to borrow sheet of paper: "We subscribe for President Cannon and President

all I possibly could to buy more and stock in the State Bank of Utah, Snow be called home from their to have Heber J. Grant and ComHeber J. Grant to be President, and labors in the flesh, Joseph F. Smith

pany to do the same. I immediately Heber M. Wells to be Cashier."I would be president of Z. C. M. I.,

borrowed all I possibly could, and naturally felt an interest in having Zion's Savings Bank and Trust

Grant and Company did the same. the best man possible chosen to sucCompany, the Inland Crystal Salt

To cut a long story short, Heber ceed me as president. Company, and last, but not least,

J. Grant and Company paid a cash The committee recommended a President of the Church."

dividend of 100 per cent, and I refine man, but I told them I would The committee congratulated me ceived $30,000 as a dividend on the serve my term out and let them elect on making the suggestion, and at the stock I owned. the man at the end of the year, but next board meeting I resigned, and

Without any solicitation on my if they would appoint Joseph F. Joseph F. Smith was elected presipart the State Bank of Utah, Heber Smith, who was then second coundent.

J. Grant and Company, the Home selor in the First Presidency, I would To make a long story short, just

Fire Insurance Company of Utah, resign at the next meeting. I told before going to Japan I paid my

and the Cooperative Wagon and them I was afraid George Q. Cannon tithing on my profits for the four

Machine Company, when I was who had had a couple of paralytic months, and the amount was $4,- called to Japan, all volunteered to strokes might not live until I got 600.00. I had earned over 200 per

give me three years leave of absence back from Japan, and that President cent more than I had previously with full pay. I declined to accept Snow was eightyeight years old earned in any four months, and went

it from the State Bank of Utah. I and had served the Church as Presito Japan a free man, financially.

I told them that a man who would dent for three years in a most wonInstead of being a ruined man, draw a salary from a bank and be derful way, getting the Church expecting to labor early and late, in a foreign country, as there might nearly out of debt and into a much (and sometimes we operated the be a panic during his absence, I better condition financially, and I typewriters until midnight) for ten would consider was not an honordoubted that he would live another long years of my life, in four months able man. I told the bank to name three years. all of my financial troubles had diswhom they would like for president President Cannon passed away appeared.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY HEAVENLY

Sometimes in our Church work we overuse certain expres- "My wife's an angel in three ways."

sions until they become what someone has aptly named "How remarkable. How's that?"

"weasel"words. In these "weasel"words, which have been "Well, first, she's always up in the air; second, she's always

given the official title cliche, the meaning has been sucked harping; third, she never has an earthly thing to wear."

from them, leaving only the shell. One of these cliches has

of this before: every one "each given in and column been us."PAPA PAYS both. of us,"but one not of "every us"or "each Use either

the cliche is another has meaning had which but honest""Poor of account a your daughter's wedding wasn't very big "That it. is all present,"will for the another be taken from "That

the paper."its in served has expression. upward"overworked and "Onward

sent to the big me."account "No; was its is entitled rest long to reward. as a of service season and

in which the world a better place "Make to live"is a trite phrase CORRECT vocabularies. our could from be eliminated which

Trying to think of unusual ways to express thoughts will carry its own compensation because it will create interest and Teacher: "Did your father help you with this problem?"

attention. Junior: "No, I got it wrong myself!"

TWELVE THINGS TO REMEMBER NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH

FROM the late Marshall Field, the Chicago magnate, comes Lawyer: "Then you admit that you struck the plaintiff

this list of twelve things to remember: with malice aforethought?"

The value of time Defendant (indignantly): "You can't mix me up like that.

The pleasure of working I've told you twice that I hit him with a brick, and on purpose.

of character worth The wasn't of the nor nothing There no mallets kind about it—just influence of example The brick like use."a plain any gentleman would

The wisdom of economy improvement The of talent POSTPONEMENT of perseverance success The simplicity of dignity The (to his small of son one of has with workmen met who Man kindness power of The will accident) for an be fit your again?"dad work: "When

obligation of duty The certain, it will for time.""Can't say but Boy: be a long

patience virtue of The that?"Man: you think "What makes

originating joy of The in."set compensation's Boy: "Because

130 East Washington Street THE HOUSE SHE WANTED

Indianapolis, Indiana, Architect: "Can't you give me some idea of the general

The Improvement Era type of house you want to build, sir?"

Salt Lake City, Utah Mr. Henpeck: "Well, all I know is that it must go with an

Dear Brethren: antique doorknob my wife bought in Vermont."

Thanks for the reminder that my subscription to The Improvement Era is about to expire Enclosed herewith is INSISTED ON FORMALITY year's subscription. for another check my

to have Era is to be out of step with Voice (on phone): "Hello, is this the fire department?"The Improvement Not

the program of the Church. This splendid publication stands Lieutenant: "Yes, what is it?"

well at the top of the list of "necessities"of Latterday Saints Voice: "How far is it to the nearest alarm box? My house

is on fire and I want to turn in an alarm."everywhere—and more especially in the mission field.

With best wishes for your continued success, I am,

Sincerely yours, NO AUTOMOBILE

Ernest E. Owens.

A WORD OF THANKS Oswald:Pop: "Nothing"Pop, Idoing;need anyouencyclopediacan walk to forschoolschool."like I did."

pleased expression came over the face of a Fort Lewis his Chaplain announced: REMINDER new Era "The soldier when A

his also he knew come."was happy, for has The Chaplain

men would have in the Era the companionship of the most "Johnny, I'll have you behave yourself when you're at home.

wholesome thoughts available. He joins the many soldiers in What would your teacher say if you acted like that at school?"

the Army in sending a "thank you"for the publication of the "She'd"say, 'Behave yourself—remember you're not at home

Era which to us in reality is: The Voice of the Church. now.'

Probst Reed G.

116th Med. Regt. UTOPIA Chaplain

Fort Lewis, Washington.

# myParson:boy?""And which of all the parables do you like best,

Coalville, Utah Tommie: "The one where somebody loafs and fishes."

Gentlemen: AM enclosing herewith $2.00 for a renewal of my Era subSYMPATHETIC

I scription for one year to begin with the October number.

I subscribed to the.Era for the first time last year because I Lecturer: "Will those who know nothing whatsoever of this

felt I should; this year, however, I want to renew my subscripsubject kindly stand?"

tion because it is the most worthwhile magazine I have ever After a slight pause one student rose to his feet.

had. Lecturer (grimly): "So you know nothing, eh?"

Very sincerely yours, Student: "It's not quite as bad as that, sir, but I hated to

(Signed) Wanda Young. see you standing there alone."

HOME AND CHRISTMAS

I-s home at Christmas time!

Back home go hundreds of happy

hearts

and wandering footsteps...

for home and Christmas

are almost one.

Back home again!

and there to help

provide the hearty welcome

home can give

is Radio.

Radio...

blending the holiday expressions

of music and drama

with the spirit

of a happy fireside...

willingly serving

Home and Christmas mz.

If, at this turbulent Chrisfmastide, we could look into the hearts of countless millions of frustrated men and women at home or abroad, we would find still burning there those same fundamental virtues which were taught by Htm nearly two thousand years ago: love of fellow men

and hope for a better future.

Prepare for a better future for your family through LIFE INSURANCE. ********

I

iipli

ills iiii

mm

r? W- fiP S><?I 1

Hebf J. Grant, Pre<,