If L? ft. I r

it W&K 'I

iv

SsV

.-. u-!

n n; 't*p>';

Afarc/t 1.96V>

IHR AttendBW illDHBHHHHH WW Summer School

Gain a full summer of study SPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES with all the BYU advantages

FOR YOU AT BYU Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

Business Management Conference.. May 31 -June 4 resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Athletic Clinic for Boys May 31 -June 11 Graduate Study—Graduate study is a major accent of Summer

School. The Graduate School offers the master's degree in sixtyBYU Campus Education Week June 7-10 nine fields of study and the doctor's degree in twentynine fields

Modern Dance Workshop June 7-11 of study.

Workshop for Secondary School Undergraduate Study—High school graduates can get an early

Principals June 7-11 start on their education; college students can accelerate their

program to graduate early or to make up missed classes. The

Industrial Plasties Workshop June 8-12 program offering of every department provides a broad selection

Workshop for School Superintendents.... June 9-11 of both required and elective classes.

Tobacco Education Workshop June 14IB Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

BYU Youth Clinics June 1425 Advancement Opportunties—Teachers will find many special

A.C.E.I. Workshop July 1930 helps for certification and outstanding workshops and clinics for

Summer Music Clinic July 26Aug. 7 advancement.

Semester rather Credit—Semester than quarter credit. Six semester

Genealogy Clinic Aug. 2-7

term. be earned per hours may

High School Publications Workshop Aug. 9-13 Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics, and the

Workshop on Teaching the Blind nearby scenic Wasatch Mountains provide recreational outlets.

To Be Arranged The Timpanogos Hike is the experience of a lifetime.

Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern campus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

CU p AND MAIL REMEMBER THESE DATES:

TO: Director of Summer School

Brigham Yc iung University 1st Term—June 14—July 16

C-356 ASB Provo, Utah 84601 2nd Term—July 19—Aug. 19

Please send me free of charge your Su mmer School bulletin.

NAME Brigham Young ADDRESS UNIVERSITY 1 am especially PROVOUTAH Exploring the BAMIilAf Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. H2A/ie

SEA LIFE ABOUNDS IN EVeNiNG ANTARCTIC WATERS TEACHING AIDS

The waters surrounding Antarctica are, acre for acre, potentially the RECORDS richest foodproducing areas in M11036* Beloved Mormon Hymns $3.95

the world. More than 80 percent of Mil 004* Mormon Folk Ballads $3.95

the total world catch of whales M11018 To Live in the Sun $3.95

comes from Antarctic waters. In the Mil 026 Scenes from the Book of Mormon (monaural) $4.95

peak year of 1937, more than 45,000 Ml 1027 Scenes from the Book of Mormon (stereo) $5.95

whales were killed south of the TAPES

Antarctic convergence. Dr. Sayed T00606 "What About Jesus Christ?"—David O. McKay $3.98

Z. ElSayed of Texas A. and M. T00208 "Search for God"—Hugh B. Brown $3.98

University notes that an adult blue T00702 "Profile of a Prophet"—Hugh B. Brown $3.98

whale has a daily food consumpT00425 "Our Body—The Temple of God"—Joseph Fielding Smith $3.98

tion of more than a ton of krill, a T00205 "Eye Hath Not Seen"—Harold B. Lee $3.98

shrimplike organism. T00132 "The Road to Tarsus"—Marion D. Hanks $3.98

T00702 "Miracles"—Matthew Cowley. $3.98

SMALL UTAH FARMS FILMSTRIPS M08048 Mormon Pavilion $5.50

M08O23 Where Jesus Walked $7.50

SLIDE SETS

M08047** Trial of the Stick of Joseph—Jack H. West $25.00

M08001** Church Youth Fireside Program—Milton R. Hunter $60.00

TEACHING PACKETS M06001** Book of Mormon $3.50

M04250 Book of Mormon Student Map Kit $1.75

M06011 Church History (as described in November 1964 ERA) $25.00

OUR SPECIAL COMBINATION FLANNEL BOARD (M01062) $9.95

CLIP AND MAILDIVISION OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES 221 HRCB

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO UTAH 84601

Professor George T. Blanch of Utah Please send me the following postpaid teaching aids (please indicate quantity);

State University has called attenMl 1036* T00606 T00132 M08001** in totion in agriculture trends Utah

States. In the the D Mil 004* T00208 T00702 M06001** Unitedand

twentyyear period 1939 to 1959 the Ml 1018 D T00702 M08048 M04250 total number of farms in Utah de- D Ml 1026 P T00425 M08023 G M06011 creased by 30 percent, and in the Ml 1027 D T0O205 M08047** M01062

United States by 39.3 percent. In My check for.is enclosed.

Utah the average size of farms increased from 287 to 712 acres but

Utah still had nearly twice the Name national proportion of farms of less than ten acres. In the class of farms

of 1000 acres or more, Utah had Number Street 9.7 percent of its farms, compared

to 3.7 for the United States.

City State

*Aiso included in Church History Packet

Limited supply—offer applies only to present stock

MARCH 1965 177 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for March 1965 Volume 68. Number 3

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Church Features Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

President McKay Becomes Oldest Church President 187 177182 Art:Art: DaleEd MaryonKilboum

The Editor's Page: The Latterday Saints... President David O. McKay 188 191188 Photo:Photo: H.TedArmstrongCannon Roberts

Your Question: Were There Physical Deformities in the Preexistence? 192195196 Photo:Photos:Walt MarkDisneyE.ProductionsPetersen

President Joseph Fielding Smith 190 197 Photo: Don Blair

A Letter from the First Presidency 207 202200201Photos:Art: Yardin,Martha Rennes,Purdy France

204207 Art: Ted Nagata

Service Photo 208 Photo: Eastern Together, Exaltation 244; Priesthood: Melchizedek Work Out 184; Church Moves On,The

Photos: 210213 Reprinted from E. Berrett, William Education, to Continue Counsel Students Bishopric's Page, 246;Presiding vol. D'Egyptologie, RevuePage 254. 223 Art: Maurice Scanlon 13.

257 Photos: Courtesy Deseret News,

Special Features courtesyService Church Information

Ancient Ephesus Today, Mark E. Petersen 192 259258 Photo:Photo: ClaudellSpence KinardJohnson

(bottom) Claudell Photo: 261 200 of Missionaries, LeoJa Seely Anderson Leroy, MotherGeorgette Johnson

Photos: Claudell 262263 Johnson '....203 Clark of Leadership, Bruce B.The Two Qualities Photo: Silver Jerry 267

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 2 (cont), Hugh Nibley 210 268269270-271 Photos:Photos: UnknownWally Kasteler

Teaching: The Inspired Revision of the Bible, Part 2, Bobert J. Matthews 216 All other art and photos:

Genealogy: Branch Genealogical Libraries Now Being Established 220 Ralph Reynolds Studio

Light You Never See, Van S. Taylor.... 222

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 224, 226, 242

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 177; Letters and Reports, 180; These Times:

Churchill (18741965), G. Homer Durham, 182.

The Era of Youth: You're Being Framed - 257

The Last Word - 272

Family and Home Features A Spoonful of Sugar, Daryl V. Hoole - 196

The First Year after Marriage, Part 2, (cone.) Harvey L. Taylor 204

A Grandfather Asks—Why Not Include Grandparents in the Family

Home Evening?—214

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Sunny Side Out 248 Applied Education, MabelRuth Jackson 252

Home, Sweet Home, FBP 253

Stories, Poetry The Calling, F. Donald Isbell 208

Poetry 183, 228, 235, 238, 250, 254, 256

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Associate Editor; Editor; Managing L. C. Albert Josefhson, Editors; Marba L. Managing Green, Evans, L. Doyle and Richard O. David COVER Editor; B. Associates; Editorial Family Pinnock, Today's Davis, Zobell,MarionJr., THE Florence Marlowe, Becki Darold E. Editor;McKay Carter Grant, Donna Research

Studio. Editor; Direction: Art Ralph Associate Reynolds Youth Era Editor; The Higcins,Cannon, Elaine Youth Era of The Hanks, D. of

looks juniper gnarled The Editors. Contributing A. Gardiner, B. Sperry, Sidney S. Nibley, Alma Harris, Franklin Hugh G. Durham, Homer promise to the forward budding Subscription Snarr, Manager; Business S. General Manager; Associate F. Scott, Verl A. Glen Jacobsen, Jr.,Florence General Manager; Smith, G. Carlos

of great spring in the another Director. Advertising Evans,Jr., Director; Thayer

is frou taken Southwest. cover Our

Saints, Mutual published Christ of Latterday 1965, by the of and of Jesus Association Church The Men's Mutual Superintendent, Improvement Young of General transparency an 8 x 10inch multiple subscripin a year, advance; reserved. price, $3.00 Subscription All rights of Latterday of Christ Associations of Jesus Church Improvement The Photographer Rumel. Hal

price. three the to year year, $2.50 a year $8.25; each succeeding Saints.added tions, $5.75; 3 years, 2 years,

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

of 2c at the rate for paid Manuscripts contributions. is are on acceptance for manuscripts unsolicited welcomes but not responsible Era Improvement The

sufficient for return. delivery postage and a be by accompanied and word must

Lithographed Cover Address issue recent of the magazine. slip from is include address a please for ordering of days'address. required change, change a Thirty When

included! as by Deseret old well as the unless address the News Pressin full color cannot changes one is noticebe new made

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENEALOGICAL HELPS FOR YOUNG AND OLD

1 GENEALOGY IN ACTION by Derek Harland

This wonderful little paperback gives you all the basic genealogy information you will need to start your genealogy work. Hints of working on

your Pedigree Chart and Family Group Records will prove invaluable.

This book will also teach you how to search for records, organize the family genealogical organization, and prepare your records for temple work 30 cents 2 BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE BINDERS Marvelous binders for the beginner! Designed with blue covers for males

and gold covers for females. Each includes all the necessary basic genealogical sheets including "Personal Record Chronology,""Birth &

Blessing,""Baptism and Confirmationrand"Celestial Marriage"sheets.

Male binders include priesthood ordination sheets. A "howto"chart

helps you compile your Book of Remembrance. Every member of every

LDS family should have one of these. jj|2 00 each

3 BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE BINDERS Beautiful and durable, heavy Book of Remembrance binders that may be extended with pole extensions to accommodate all of your records.

Special, easy snap allows for simple addition of sheets. Available in

durable blue, maroon, black, tan, and white vinyl covers. Embossed with

pictures of the following temples in gold: Oakland, Salt Lake, Los Angeles,

Hawaiian, St. George, Logan, Idaho Falls, Mesa, and Alberta. EC CQ

4 OUR FAMILY RECORD BINDERS Durable hardwood covers covered in high quality vinyl that will last a lifetime. Just like the above. These binders are the perfect answer to preserving those valuable family records for your children and children's

children. Available in the above colors and with temples as listed above.

$5.50

De*eretCOMPANY Book 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE. CALIFORNIA

5 GENEALOGICAL COMPANY DESERET BOOK ATLASES Salt Lake City, Utah - Phone 3288191 Temple, East South by Smith, Harland and Gardner 44

A marvelous tool in doing research in Gentlemen: Enclosed please find check money order

a particular country! Here you can find I have an account, please charge... Amount $

a listing of the cities, towns, and Items numbered (please indicate color, with second preference, on villages and locate them easily on Book of Remembrance and Family Record Binders. Also temple

county maps. design desired. Indicate Atlas desired if ordering atlas.):

Genealogical Atlas of Ireland (As illustrated) $3.50 3 4 5 12

Genealogical Atlas of England and Wales. $2.95

Name..

Address

City.... State Zip.

All other Genealogical Supplies available. Write for Deseret Book's California residents,Residentswhenof Utahorderingpleasethroughadd 3V4%Orange,sales Californiatax store,

Genealogical catalog. please add 4% sales tax

ERA, March '65 Letters and Reports

ERA IS ON CAMPUS HONOR BEE GIRL

IN AUSTRALIA EARNED TOP GOAL I am a member of the Church of ten Among a number of months standing, and I would really like Beehive girls of outto express my gratitude for this wonderstanding achieveful magazine, The Improvement Era. ment is Nedra Jean

Through the generosity of the parents of White of the Las the missionary elder who baptized me, I Vegas (Nevada) have a year's subscription. Each month North Stake 11th

I wait eagerly for my copy and can never Ward. Nedra is one

put it down until I have read it from of those few girls cover to cover, including the advertisewho earn all 91 availments. able honor badges during their first two

I have found that the Era has helped years of Mutual activity. Requirement for

to strengthen my testimony, and I find the Worker Bee and Honor Bee is ten myself drawing on its articles to answer awards. Nedra spent an average of ten

the questions of friends. It is a wonderful hours for each badge, learning and enmissionary tool.... Even my friends at gaging in such diverse fields as cooking,

scripture photography, and it and become gardening, of Mr. and the daughter study. She is SAIL or FLY to a theinteresteduniversityin askchurchto readdoctrine through

it.... Mrs. J Howard White, North Las Vegas.

Tropic Adventure Miss Piret Reiljan

Mitcham, Victoria, Australia HE'S ALWAYS BEEN

Aug. 8 to 24, 1965 WITH USALMOST GRANITE MEDALLIONS

COME IN GROUPS George A. Wood of the Cedar First

City, Stake, Utah, Cedar Cedar Ward, Visit Oahu, Maui, Hawaii kind. set a record of some must have Nine girls from the Granite Stake in Salt He

and Kauai Lakerecently.CityStakereceivedYWMIAthe presidentGold MedallionNettie hasmentbeenEra a forsubscriberhis entireto ThemarriedImproveHfe.

T. Benson described her pride in the That's sixtytwo years. George also subto for before being for three years scribed the Era only girls "not Gold Medallion Write R. L. Gunn girls, total his married, subthey are the good example but for making he was

setting for the younger girls in Granite scription sixtyfive years long.

Stake."In 1899 when he first joined the Era's

Bretz, to Contribusuccessor twoyear-old Kathy Sylvia Evans, Rhoads, The Mary six Gale, Carpenter, Julie Rees. small Linda TRAVEL STUDIES DianePictured, 1 to r, are Janice Greenburg, readers, the church publication was the was a by eight tor. The Era then

Carol Koelliker and Joan Bohling are not journal of black print unrelieved by art

B.Y. U. PROVO, UTAH pictured. or photographs.

FAMILY CRESTS COAT OF ARMS

WALL SHIELDS

WATER PITCHERS * PARCHMENTS DOUBLE WALL SHIELDS SILICATE CHINA PLATES We have 100,000 names on file, including armorials for practically all Irish names. We also

execute orders for English, Welsh and Scottish names and for other nationalities.

HERITAGE RESEARCH 964 Laird Ave. EM 3-4184

Salt Lake City, Utah

ISO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE RISE & FALL OF NAUVOO by B. H. Roberts 2. THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS

of this outstanding Through the pages reader the Church classic, is given an THi THIRD An outstandingby W. Cleon sequelSkousento his best seller,

intimate insight into the life and glory THOUSAND The First 2000 Years. The Third Thousthat was "Nauvoo—the city beautiful."and Years continues with a clear explaof years Seven by blackened triumph nation of of biblical the sweeping drama

tragic of the the Prophet martyrdom from the time of Abraham. mcusV SKO***"events, Saints'expulsion. the and

$3.95 $5.95

3. OUR LIVING GOSPEL 4. A PENNY EARNED

by Wendell 0. Rich by Howard D. and Ruth Reeve Lowe

explaining A Saint new book Latterday useful This most new book gives LDS in doctrine a clear, concise manner. in- a clear, families understandable

sight into the art Living enrichThe authorour livesshowsby howfirst eachunderstandingof us can—anof successfulinvaluable moneyguide management

these eternal principles, and then living for LDS Family financial planning.

them. $3.75 $3.00

6. HERE IS BRIGHAM...

5. THE WAY OF SUCCESS Brigham Young, the Years to 1844

by Sterling W. Sill by S. Dilworth Young

This outstanding new book by Elder Filled with maps and drawings never literally outlines of the success way before this published, biography new its for happiness readers and. Must life brings to heretofore many unknown WAYO Sill

in for of reading those search success facts details and early the from in any field. Brigham Young... including photoSUCCESS life of

diary. $3.50 graphic excerpts from his personal

by STERt.tNSW.SltA $4.75

7. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES, AND 8. IF A MAN DJE

NATIONAL SURVIVAL by Gordon T. Allred

by Jerreld L. Newquist This interesting book takes you from

Read what presidents of the Church premortal life through death and into and other General Authorities have the spirit world, and is punctuated said about questions and issues which by quotations from leading Church now face the nation and the world. authorities.

$4.95 $3.50

BOOKCRAFT 3/65 o*<* ORDER FROM Please1186 Southsend Main,the followingSalt Lake circledCity, Utahbooks84101for which I enclose check or money

YOUR NEAREST order for $ BOOKCRAFT DEALER 1 5 6 7 8 OR FROM NAME..

BOOKCRAFT ADDRESS..

Sai...... t

CITY..STATE....ZIP..

MARCH IB6S 181 \Y \C$K.L DDWITBWI COTTONWOOD

w1

dacron 'Kf and nylon jersey

Here's what you've been waiting for—

a white dress in Dacron polyester and nylon jersey Churchill that drips dry, needs absolutely (18741965) no ironing;

1 2'/2-24'/2. THESE TIMES 8-20,

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe 77 m ZCMI UNIFORMS 2nd floor On Sunday, January 24, 1965, the he said. "I had the luck to be called Downtown,

Cottonwood, 1 st floor world press reported the death at upon to give the roar."

his Hyde Park Gate home of Sir Whatever the nature and focus mail orders add 35'Winston Spencer Churchill, 90. of Churchill's future fame, the quesshipping charge; 3Vi% Parliamentarian, newspaper corretion posed by his passing is the

state tax in Utah spondent, "Former Naval Person,"question of the future of British soldier, artist, author, Prime Minischaracter. Hitler calculated that

ter, world figure, he was hailed as his "new order"with its Luftwaffe, the greatest man of the century. Wehrmacht, and rocketry was far

Whether the century referred to superior to declining British power.

was the twentieth or the near cenBut he reckoned without the British tury of his natural life, the accolade character.

could be supported. British power has declined since

Even after ninety years, the Hitler's defeat. India, Burma, Ceyphrase "life is short but art is long"lon, Malaya, Shanghai, the vastsuggests subtle meanings for the ness of British Africa, Malta, Suez,

future of the name Churchill. Some and the colonies overseas are all

have said that in years to come gone their separate ways. What

Churchill the artist and painter will remains of the intellectual, physical, have more enduring fame than and spiritual force generated on a

Churchill the former naval person cold and foggy island that swept and prime minister. Others believe the world and gave the nineteenth BONNEVILLE Churchill the author and historian century its stabilizing undergirdCONVALESCENT AND will outlive both the artist and ing? Now that Churchill and the

NURSING CENTER statesman. Some have thought that young Victorians are gone, can the

165 South 10th East Salt Lake City, Utah the remembered, recorded sounds "James Bonds"help save the world?

Phone 3225521 of his voice would unforgetably Mention of James Bond (and penetrate the future. In the 1963 007) reminds us that throughout

All Residents under control ceremony proclaiming Churchill as the centuries of British world of Recommending Physician the only honorary citizen of the power, from Henry VII through staffed Professionally 24 hours United States after Lafayette, PresiChurchill, the agents of British Registered Nurse a day dent John F. Kennedy viewed his civilization even when amoral or

Dedicated to skilled care "mobilization of the English lanimmoral (as with Ian Fleming's

Physical therapy and occupational ill, guage"when England "stood alone"fictional character, James Bond) care, chronically Postoperative aged, invalid guests during World War II as a durable usually managed to do moral and television, Individual to the history of freework. telephone, contribution Godly

room radios—every himself Churchill dom. Earlier, world of diplomacy, like the had The diets carefully Individual

supervised

building Elevator service—fireproof(brandby licensednew) dietitian thegivencharacterthis creditof theto hisBritishnationpeople.and worldwith commentof literaryaboutfiction,the is"perfidyfilled

Barber and beauty shoppes They were the true lions of courage, of Albion,"and the "hypocrisy"of

Privately and Locally Owned J. Arthuretta Walter, R.N., Administrator

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Try it 25 weeks for only $2.67

the British. Churchill as boy stuas one comes to the sum and subdent is certainly not the Sunday stance of his ninety years, courage. A wholesome,

School model, any more than is Such courage has made it possible the fictional James Bond. Yet somefor the many to have freedom to be cultural, national

how or other, the British character good and do good. Some must, in

seems eventually to get the job their human way, attempt in extraweekly newspaper done for law and order. Freedom ordinary fashion to cause the right

and justice, decency, truth and to prevail. Churchill served under

honor all seem to triumph in Victoria, Edward VII, George V, the end. Edward VIII, George VI, and ElizaWhat is the key to this mystery? beth II—all Christian monarchs inIs this being "in the world, but not heriting the traditional title "Deof the world"? Certainly Churchill, fender of the Faith."

as with the Scarlet Pimpernel, Robin Churchill, as a true Tory, probHood, Scotland Yard, and all the ably never forgot that behind fictional British heroes of E. Phillips loyalty to king and country loomed

Oppenheim or Ian Fleming, was the responsibilities and the burdens both deeply in the world and of it. of western Christendom. Whether Winner of the

Perhaps the key to the mystery, Whig or Tory, Labor or Liberal, the Supple Memorial Award and the lesson thereof, lies in the genius of British character has its for religious reporting distinction between being good and roots in this knowledge, in this trafelt If there is too ever sex have you much dition. characterdoing in the good. Englishman To be an The British

these you'll in days, the scandal news and century for nextstands well involve in history a out sharply may with National Observer open The welcome both. Churchill stood for both. His restoration of this knowledge that arms.

paintings and histories will remind "... as in Adam all die, even so in For here is a new kind of national

is that entertaining and newspaper all I weekly Christ shall after fact, thatfuture generations of be made alive."

informative, sensationalism. of yet devoid

the of evils suspect that to durable fame of be overcomethe memory the Observer National The has won has been erased. Sir Winston Spencer Churchill, Supple Memorial Award "for excellence in

"... as in Adam all die, even so 18741965, may well rest with his reporting news of religion in the secular

series press."for a This high by was honor all, shall all after alive."in countrymen, Christ and not alone be made

the Dirks ranging reporter from—Lee faith his paintings, Cor. 15:22.) his books takes with and Such(1 Council's an Ameriimpact Ecumenical on

courage. "Courage,"said Sir Winwords and deeds. Christianity recan parish, to an experimental mission in

ston, "is the virtue that makes all stored somehow in these times Las Vegas's Strip.

other virtues possible."recommends itself as a better conNot only in the field of religion, but in

Churchill was an Englishman. I cept than the "postChristian sopolitics,foreign affairs,science,government,medicine, space,business,education,books

doubt that he was an avid churchciety"so many contemporary and the arts. The Observer regularly brings

goer. He forcefully represents, British writers think has arrived. you enriching, informative stories on just

about every important aspect of the fascinating world we live in.

In just one recent issue, for instance, you would have learned: why, for one week

each year, more planes land and take off at

Rockford, Illinois than any other airport in the world... what GOP Senator Javits

thinks his party must do to survive... how

LATE SNOWFALL first graders in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, are learning to read with a 44letter alphabet...

BY ROWENA CHENEY In addition, The Observer brings you regular, readable features such as The Week in Washington, A Chat With the Doctor,

As if to mock returning spring, How's Business?, The Wide, Wide World of

One last, late snowfall came along Books, Better Bridge, Food for Thought.

Discouraging the daffodils Right now you can sample the pleasures

And silencing the robins'song. tageof Theof theNationalspecialObservernorisk introductoryby taking advanoffer

described in the coupon below. We'll send

Surprised—and yet not too concerned, you 25 weekly issues for only $2.67—just

half rate. the subscription regular closed doors; our warm, about and snug and We

lust Send no mail the coupon. now. money the white, Ignored guest presumptuous

We would not deign to call a storm.

THE NATIONAL OBSERVER AM216 And soon the snow had disappeared Washington,1015 14th St.,D.C.N.W.20005

With quiet warmth replacing cold; Please send me The National Observer for the

From every tree the robins sang—nextductory25 weeksrate ofand$2.67.bill (Thisme atofferthe specialfor newintrosub-

And daffodils revealed their gold. scribers only.)

For spring will always have her way. Name.. (Please Print)

Since time began, it has been so. Address

Does winter think we could lose faith

Because of late, unwelcome snow? City State

(Please include Zone or Zip Code No. if known)

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: If not completely satisfied, you may cancel at any time and the unused

. portion of your subscription will be refunded.

MARCH 1965 183 BLACK & WHITE 4 LIVI9 8 exposure roll DEVELOPED & PRINTED IN JUMBO SIZE The Church 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50 Moves

COLOR FILM On DEVELOPING 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll JANUARY 1965

12Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro ||

Color Reprints 204 each Ordinance work began in the newly dedicated Oakland

135 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per PresidentTemple Josephtoday. Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve

20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll dedicated the new Deseret Gymnasium. Speakers at this evening's

1 35 mm Color Slides per meeting were President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency,

exp., Dev. roll 36 and Mount... $2.40 of Bishop Robert the L. Simpson Presiding Bishopric, Elder and

Color Movie per of Harold president H. Bennett, of the ZCMI, was a patron who 25'Roll 8 mm, roll $1.35

old Deseret Gym, beginning in 1912. President McKay was in atGENEALOGY PHOTOS tendance1500 persons.at this dedicatory meeting but did not address the nearly

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

of NEGATIVE, 54 each Ray H. Barton, Jr., a Salt Lake City physician, as president of

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s the Southwest British Mission, succeeding President A. Ray Curtis.

MoneyBack Guarantee President Barton is a former high councilor and has been active in

SAM'S PHOTO LAB priests'Sunday adviserSchool inwork.the YalecrestAt the time( SaltofLakethis Citycall ) heWard.was Mrs.servingHelenas

P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah Grant Barton, a member of the general board of the YWMIA, and

four of the couple's six children will accompany him to his field of labor.

| It was announced that Mrs. Ruth H. Funk has been appointed

I chairman of the planning group of the Adult Correlation

Committee. She succeeds Mrs. Christine H. Robinson who is now

serving with her husband, President O. Preston Robinson of the

British Mission. Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of the

Twelve heads the Adult Correlation Committee.

Cjlm StakeDecemberconferences6. began this weekend, the first held since

Elder Ellwood J. Stephens sustained as president of East Pocatello

(Idaho) Stake succeeding President William R. Cahoon with whom

he served as first counselor. Elder Melvin A. Weenig was released

as second counselor to be appointed president of the regional mission for minority groups. President Stephens'counselors are

Elders Harold B. Thomas and Jay G. Jensen. use the

famous LEE flour mill in your home, j President David O. McKay indicated that it would be imto this get healthful for possible him and to respond to a personal Sister McKay

in all energy invitation President from Lyndon his into attend B. Johnson the things bake. you

auguration in Washington, DC. President received McKay had an

Flavor and nutrition a and LEE Housefrom President Johnson in Mill 4, in hold Flour dated January hand. go hand Rapid, invitation which the

efficient, converts fluffy grain whole to Chief Executive the invitation remembered he given verbally had flour a a for fraction of a pound. penny in September Salt Lake City "I and said: like to would now mills Four from. Write for last to choose

prices. ON SAVE INTRODUCTORY confirm that invitation in writing let and to that you Mrs. know

OFFER. Stone FLOUR ground in a LEE Johnson if and greatly I would be pleased Mrs. you and McKay it's shipped when to you.

in here could be Washington occasion."on this President McKay lbs. 5 DEAF SMITH COUNTY FLOUR..$1.50 p.p. that he deeply honored, was that his doctors but lbs. "advise 5 WISMINN... WHEAT.$1.00 FLOUR p.p. replied

Send check or money order. De t IE 3 65 it would be unwise for us to make the trip back to Washington at

LEE 2023 W. WisconsinENGINEERINGAve., Milwaukee, Wis. CO.53201 thiscongratulationstime."He alsoandgavebestthewishesassuranceduring"thatthisyoumomentoushave our heartfelttime in

your lives.... The honor and obligations (Continued on page 186)

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 919 -Artie Phillips 66 outperformed other great oils -regardless of price.

In recent tests, here's how TropArtie compared with 6 of the other great motor oils in the world

TROPOIL OIL OIL OIL OIL OIL

ARTIC "A""B""D"M Eft

HIGH

TEMPERATURE TEST

SLUDGE TEST 1 1 1

RUST TEST 6

SHEAR TEST

(S.A.E. 30 VISCOSITY 1 1

AFTER TEST USE)

STARTING TEST 1 1 1 1 1

OVERALL

RATING 1

Our research scientists at Phillips 66 motor oils—including some that cost up So it really adds up to this: You can pay

are pretty conservative fellows. They to $1.00 or more a quart. These recogmore for other motor oils—a lot more.

are not apt to go overboard. nized tests included established But why? This present TropArtic is

But when they developed present standards setby the Automotive Manuin a class by itself.

TropArtie, they said it was the greatfacturers Association. Go firstclass... go Phillips 661

est motor oil they'd ever seen. No if's, As you can see in the chart, Trop- P. S. If you'd like a free illustrated brochure

and's, or hut's. The greatest. Artie won hands down. In overall pergiving full details of the tests, just drop us a

So we had this TropArtie tested formance, none of the other oils were line; Motor Oil Division, Phillips Petroleum

against six other great longmileage in the same league. Company, Bartlesville, Oklahoma.

MARCH 1965 185 The Church Moves On TWO OUTSTANDING FAMILY

NIGHT COMPANION VOLUMES (Continued from page 184)

YOUR CHOICE OF thatPresidenthave beenof theplacedUniteduponStatesyouareas

EITHER BOOK beyondmeasure,man'sand canabilitybe tocarriedweighsucor

FOR ONLY $1.29 cessfullyDivine Providence.only with Wethe prayhelp forof

your divine guidance in using the by joining the powers of your office in the pres- 'ervation of Freedom, Justice, EnLDS Books lightenment, and Peace among men."Growth rate of Protestant con-

A pictorial history of the gregations in the United States was eighttenths of one percent in 1962 church and the message of and three and twotenths percent in 1963, over the previous figures, the Book of Mormon written the current edition of the Yearbook of American Churches said. The

to stimulate the young. volume gave indications that at

least half of the reported 1963 gain

ELECTION FROM THESE FINE BOOKS was illusionary and that Protestant

R THE BOOK FE church membership is still declin- 1. WAY OF SUCCESS 3. FIRST 2000 YEARS ing in relation to the population as

by Sterling W. Sill,.$3.50 by W. Cleon Skousen $3.95 a whole, a trend that has persisted

since 1960.

2. THIRD THOUSAND YEARS 4. LDS REFERENCE ENCYCLOPEDIA

by W. Cleon Skousen $5.95 by Melvin R. Brooks $5.00 "Profiles in Courage,"the popular dramatic series, presented

5. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE the story of Alexander William

by Duane Crowther $3.95 Doniphan in his refusal to carry out

officer of orders a superior to army 6. PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH execute the Prophet Smith Joseph

$3.95 by Duane Crowther

and other early church leaders at (offer expires April 30, 1965) (good only in the U.S. and Canada) Far West, Missouri in July 1838.

The program, with an audience estiof the National BroadcastInc. feature Club, Books ing Company. LDSP. O. mated to be in the millions, was a City, Utah 84101 Box 400 - Salt Lake

Please send me as my first selection the following circled books for which I enclose a check or Momentarily the fog lifted at money order for the regular retail price of $ PLUS $1.29 for my Bonus Book. the Salt Lake airport allowing

3 4 5 6 7 3/65 one plane of Salt Lake Tabernacle 12 Choir members to get off the MY CHOICE BONUS BOOK IS ground to Washington, and fly DC, they take part in the would Mormon Story StoriesBook offorMormonYoung LDS where

Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether or not I inaugural program the following want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4 Books Club selections day at President Lyndon B. Johnor alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. I may resign at any time son's request. Six bus loads of other

after buying four books. For each 4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free—a choir members were forced to make

savings of 20%. the ninehour trip to Las Vegas,

NAME Nevada, where they boarded planes

ADDRESS at 12:30 the next morning, arriving

CITY at their destination at 6 am.

f[l The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir sang at the inauguration of President Lyndon B. Johnson.

Later in the afternoon (4 pm MST) President Johnson telephoned President McKay, saying:

"Dr. McKay [a term President

(Continued on page 254)

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President McKay becomes oldest Church President

President David 0. McKay, served as a member of the First serve in these Councils of the

a most remarkable leader among Presidency the longest. He was Church was President Charles W.

the remarkable leaders who ordained an Apostle July 1, 1866 Penrose, Apostle and Counselor have served and now serve as and set apart as a member of to Presidents Joseph F. Smith and

General Authorities of The Church the Council of the Twelve Heber J. Grant. Lifelong members

of Jesus Christ of Latterday October 8, 1867. He was called of the Church, now barely in

Saints, will in this month of March into the First Presidency October their fifties can recall this writer of become the oldest man to hold 10, 1880, where he served as a our hymns and tracts and are the Presidency of the Church in Counselor to Presidents John startled to realize that President this dispensation. Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, and Penrose was born in London,

On March 13, 1965, President Lorenzo Snow. Following President England, February 4, 1832, not

McKay will have attained 91 Snow's death in 1901, President long after the restored Church was years, 186 days. President Wilford Smith was sustained as President moving forward on the American

Woodruffdays—fromlivedMarch91 years,1, 1807185to ofwherethe Churchhe servedOctoberuntil his17, passing,1901, frontier.May 16, President1925, severalPenrosemonthsdied

September 2, 1898. November 19, 1918. President past his 93rd birthday.

President McKay. has served in Smith was thus a member of

the leading councils of the the First Presidency for over 38

Church since being ordained an years, but the First Presidency did President Joseph Fielding Smith

Apostle April 9, 1906: as a not function as such for some of the Council of the Twelve has

member of the Council of the 19 months following the death of been a member of that quorum

Twelve from April 1906 to October President Taylor and the longer than any other elder to date 1934; as a Counselor in the sustaining of President Woodruff. President Smith was ordained

First Presidency from October an Apostle April 7, 1910 1934 to April 1951; and since Brigham Young President and has served almost fiftyfive

April 9, 1951, as President of for thirty years years.

the Church. The longest term as President of

the Church was served by We were walking along a street

President Brigham Young, who on a quiet Sabbath afternoon

President Heber J. Grant was sustained as President in January. The voice of a

served sixtytwo years December 27, 1847, and died preschool-ager came from the

The General Authority who has August 29, 1877—a service of play area behind her home: "I

thus far served the longest time almost 30 years. In addition, only know one song and I only

was President Heber J. Grant, who President Young was senior know part of it,"and then with

was ordained an Apostle October member of the Council of the conviction she sang, "We thank 16, 1882, sustained President Twelve at the martyrdom of the thee, God, for a prophet to guide of the Church November 23, Prophet Joseph Smith in June us in these latter days."

1918, and passed away May 14, 1844, and directed the Church There was no doubt in her mind 1945, after more than sixtytwo until he was sustained as or in her voice that she was years as a General Authority. President of the Church. singing about President David 0.

McKay, the prophet for this President Joseph F. Smith President Charles W. people and for the world in our

in First Presidency over Penrose oldest of all day and age. May the Lord

thirtyeight years General Authorities sustain and lengthen his days as

President Joseph F. Smith The oldest man thus far to the Church moves ever forward.

MARCH 1965 187 As Latterday Saints, we bear testimony to the children's participating in the morning devotion; the

world that we have the same gospel that Jesus Christ father's kissing the wife and children goodbye as he and his Apostles preached. goes to work, leaving his "God bless you"as a bless-

I invite those who are not of us to "lay aside preing in his home while he is away from it; the mother's

conceived notions, dogmas, and all personal prejudice prayer going with father as he goes forth to his daily and bias,"and to investigate the principles advocated work; then the children's getting ready for school—all

by this Church. Visit the homes of the people who of which shows how deeply concerned the parents

have joined this Church, and then silently, reverently, are with the education and development of their own take notice, one by one, of the truths that will be and their children's souls. Go back in the evening;

brought into the soul, and see, as all who will may see participate in the evening prayer; watch the little

and know, that there is nothing in this Church of ones as they kneel by mother's knee; listen to the

which anybody need be ashamed. prayer that ascends from their souls.

Go into any Latterday Saint home, and there see See in it, if you can, anything of bitterness for if you can find anything that is not uplifting and humanity. See in it, if you can, anything that would

ennobling. Take the beginning of that home. When tear down another's creed. See in it, if you can, anythe couple first knelt at the altar and joined hands thing that would degrade a little child's soul. You

in holy wedlock, they had taught to them and had cannot find it, you cannot hear it in the true Latterburning in their souls a conviction of the sacredness day Saint home. But you will find everything that is

of the tie that would bind them in matrimony. The ennobling—the little child praying for those who are

young man knew that he was taking that woman to be around him and for those who carry responsibility in his wife to protect and love not only for this life but the Church and in the nation, praying for the father also for all eternity. That marriage tie was not one if he happens to be out on some duty—the"little child's

that could be broken because of a mere whim or a whole being is drawn into the great principle of love mere quarrel that might arise or because some difand blessing to humanity. Such a home, with many

ficulty might be encountered. They entered upon that more beautiful characteristics

obligation as one of the most sacred in life. Such was than I have mentioned, is

the commencement of this home. That was the obligathe home of the true Lattertion taken by the young married couple. day Saint.

Now go into their home after several years of marFollow the man as he goes riage. Participate in the morning devotion, partake out from that home into his

of the spirit, and see if there is not everything that business life. What are his amyou would long for and hope to find in an ideal home: bitions? What are his aims?

the morning prayer; the blessing on the food; the If he follows the teachings

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Church, there will be nothing that can Midwest and later in the West and other colonies tempt him to step aside from the path of honesty of the Church.

or honor. In business the Latterday Saint must be A man cannot develop selfishness and be a Latterhonest. In social functions he must be pure if he day Saint. He simply cannot. It is almost as impossible

is true to the teachings of his religion. In the nation as to enter the kingdom of God without being born

he must be loyal, else he cannot be true to the teachagain. Jesus said it could not be done; and the man

ings he has received. He must be true to all. It is who is truly a Latterday Saint simply cannot develop

almost the universal testimony that our people are the spirit of selfishness. It is not the Spirit of Christ.

honest and fair, that their names attached to a The Spirit of Christ is that of unselfishness, that of note, or even their word, are just as good as any bond blessing others, and the whole mission of the Latterthat can be drawn. The Latterday Saint must be day Saints is to bless others.

honest and upright if he is true to his teachings. So we send missionaries into the field. What motive

The religion of the Latterday Saint teaches him is a missionary taking from his loved ones, to go out to work. The idler has no place in the Church. Glance into the world? The motive to bless mankind. He is

at the history of this Church. Go back little more than willing to sacrifice his feelings, his love for the com-

a short century when the Intermountain West was forts of life, to go out and bless mankind, and give covered with sagebrush—when it was the home of them—like Paul of old—the gospel of Jesus Christ.

the Indian and coyote. Think of the men and of Why? Because he feels that it is the power of God

the women who stood by their side. Think of the work unto salvation.

that was before them—the furrows to be plowed, But, above all things, The Church of Jesus Christ of

the ditches to be dug, the sagebrush to be cleared, the Latterday Saints stands for that which makes for bridges to be built, the water to be brought from the eternal life and eternal happiness. It teaches that God

mountain streams, that the land might be irrigated is a person, one who loves us, one who has sympathy when the crops were planted. Think of the hardships with us, one who will hear our prayers, one who is

endured and whether there seeking to bring us up to him, that we may understand

THE is anything in the Latterday the laws as he understands them, that we may progress

EDITOR'S Saint religion to teach a eternally. It teaches us that Jesus is our Elder Brother,

PAGE man to be idle. The gospel that he passed through this world and was tempted as

BY teaches us that we are to we, that he overcame the world and was received into

PRESIDENT work, and the Latterday heaven, that while on earth, he established the gospel,

DAVID O. Saints now go forth on many the code of laws, the principles, whereby mankind

MCKAY fronts just as the early memmight come back into God's presence and enjoy it bers pioneered, first in the eternally.

MARCH 1965 189 WERE THERE PHYSICAL answer: The simple answer to this question is that

DEFORMITIES IN THE it is not true and is without one iota of justification.

PREEXISTENCE? The Lord revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith the

following: "Every spirit of man,was innocent in the beginning;

and God having redeemed man from the fall, men became again... innocent before God.

"And that wicked one cometh and taketh away light and truth, through disobedience, from the children of men, and because of the tradition of their fathers."(D&C 93:3839.)

We must in all reason conclude that some physical defect at birth is due to some accident or other cause that can be laid at the door of mortal conditions and not to some premortal defect or question: "In discussing prinpunishment in the spirit world.

ciples of the gospel and conditions When the disciples came to the in the preexistence, the question Savior and asked the question conwas asked whether or not those cerning the man who was born blind, this the question whether with are this world born intowho YOUR of because defect came upon him or physical defect mentalsome were being punished for acts per- a condition existing in the spirit world, he gave them the assuranceformed by them in the spirit world. QUESWill you please state whether this that such was not the case. We

is a true doctrine or not? It does have reason to believe that every

spirit that comes into this worldnot seem to me to be a reasonable TION doctrine."was whole and free from such defects in the preexistence.

difto far is subject

exist ANSWERED BY ferentMoralitylaws from those which

TIT"!* in the world of spirits, evidently. O TH J/"\KJ O Hi XT XX The defects at birth must be considered to be due to misfortunate FIELDING conditions prevailing in this mortal

world. We came here in a world

that is subject to mortal conditions. SMITH PRESIDENT OF Sickness, disease, deformities, and

such must be considered to be misTHE COUNCIL

OF THE TWELVE fortunatefined to theconditionsimperfectwhichconditionsare conin mortality. It does not seem to be

consistent with heavenly conditions for defects of a physical nature, which evidently belong to the body, not the spirit, to be existing in the spirit world.

We are definitely taught in the scriptures that we, the children of this world, are the offspring of God.

This is taught us in the scriptures. Here are two

passages that are accepted by all Latterday Saints covering this point. One is in the vision given to the

Prophet Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon, February 16, 1832, when they were taught that the children of men are spiritually "begotten sons and daughters of

God."(Ibid., 76:24.) The other is in the prophetic

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA utterance of the Apostle Paul as he stood on Mars'hill teaching the Greeks, before the altar with the inscription: "TO THE UNKNOWN GOD."Evidently

these Greeks had before them a statement that we are the "offspring"of God. Therefore Paul in his discourse called their attention to this correct statement

and then argued in behalf of the proper worship of the Supreme Being, calling their attention to the fact that even in their national belief they were ignorantly worshiping the Divine Creator, and he said to them:

"God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;

"Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;

"And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;

"That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:

"For in him we live, and move, and have our being;

as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.

"Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device."(Acts 17:2429.)

This idea that people could be deformed, blind, or otherwise maimed before they were born, it seems, was believed in ancient times.

However, it is a ridiculous notion that the spiritual offspring of God would be subject to spiritual defects before they were born into mortality. We are subject

to all the vicissitudes that go with a temporal existence, sickness and physical defects as well as health, but such things will not exist in the world of spirits nor in the kingdom of God after the resurrection. The

Lord has made this perfectly clear.

MARCH 1965 191 Ancient EPHESUS Ephesus—the sparkling lifecenter of ancient Asia Demolished as she is, Ephesus still speaks, and her

Minor—is in ruins today, but she has a message for message provides silent but important echoes of the

modern mankind. teachings of those early Christian leaders who had

Here and there a pillar is still standing, and occasionthe courage to go there.

ally a wall or two. Although considerably worse for Paul was in Ephesus. Of this there can be no doubt.

the wear and tear of time and weather, beautiful But so were Timothy, Luke, and John the Revelator.

marble streets remain as in ancient times. There is much reason to suppose that Mary, mother of

Water systems, much like those of modern cities, the Christ, was also there and that she lived her last are still in evidence. The remains of temples and amyears in a suburb of that mighty city after escaping

phitheaters are to be seen, as well as the city's fabled from beseiged Jerusalem. Ephesus has much to interest

approach to the sea, now covered by the silt and dirt and challenge the modern student of religion.

of a river delta built up over the centuries. One of the most interesting places is the socalled

All are there in mute testimony to the grandeur of "double church"or, as it is known today, St. Mary's

the past, once the pride of the entire Middle East. Church. It is, and was, a tremendous place. Walls

It was there that Diana of the Ephesians, also known are still to be seen, standing probably eight feet high as the goddess Artemis, swayed people's lives by her in places, yet with many parts leveled to the ground.

tremendous wealth and sensuous appeal. These walls are built of brick, Roman style, hard

Reading the history of Diana and her cults, it is baked in kilns. The site gives the appearance of two

not to be wondered at that the silversmiths persecuted churches having been built together, end to end, with

Paul and considered their craft in danger because of a small opening between. The two together extend

his teachings. for a distance of seven hundred feet. The width is

Diana and Paul were at opposite poles. Nothing about two hundred feet.

Diana represented could be countenanced by Paul. Our guide, a welleducated Turk, a graduate of

All that Paul taught contradicted the paganistic reOxford University in England, took careful pains to ligion of Diana. There was no common ground beshow us this church. Particularly did he direct us to

tween the chaste principles of the Apostle to the a large room on one end of the structure, with some gentiles and the lustinspiring cultism of this socalled of its walls still standing.

goddess of fertility. In the midst of this room was a circular opening

But with all her wealth and power, Diana today is in the broken marble floor. It was a curious opening

forgotten, and Ephesus, her city, is but a mass of nearly four feet deep and probably seven feet in ruins visited now by only a few tourists and the diameter, perfectly round.

hawkers who make a meager living selling relics that On opposite sides of this circular opening were may be found there. steps descending into the floor of the hole. They too

Marble columns and piled stones remain of Brick remains suggest size, shape of St. Mary's

St. John's Church. Church with font.

PHOTOS BY THE AUTHOR

MARCH 1965 193 had been covered by marble, now mostly broken off. "This building was erected in 400 AD and destroyed

On the floor of the hole, and at one side, was what a century later by invaders who took the city. In 600

obviously was a drain leading into the stonelined AD the building was reconstructed, and these are the sewer which was characteristic of this ancient city. remains of the restored building. This font dates back

We asked the guide what this had been. at least to 600 AD, and as you see, by that time they

"It was a baptismal font,"he said promptly. had begun to use the sign of the cross. They still

"But didn't they baptize by sprinkling in those baptized by immersion, but made the sign of the days?"we asked him. cross a part of it. Hence the shape of this font."

"Certainly not,"he replied. "All baptisms in that Again, it was unmistakable evidence: immersion was

day were by immersion. This was a font, and do you the original mode of baptism.

see those steps leading into it? It was down those steps "Would you like to see where Mary lived?"he asked.

that converts were taken, and they were baptized in Of course we would, and told him so.

this font by immersion, the only baptism known to the We returned to the car and drove for a mile or so early Christians."from the ruined city. There we saw a hill of considerThe guide then informed us that this church had able prominence. A steep roadway had been built to

been built in the year 351 AD and that it had been the top, reminding us of the canyon dugways in the used for at least a century afterward, before raiders Rocky Mountains.

came in and destroyed much of the city. On the top of the hill was a little stone house, surBaptism by immersion as late as 351 AD, and later! rounded by trees, with a spring at one side.

The font was built in that year and was used for a The guide explained that this is now a shrine of the long time afterward. Roman Catholic Church. He said that Christianity is

Mute evidence—but convincing! not allowed in any form in Turkey ( Ephesus is now

Leading off in another direction, the guide then part of modern Turkey, about thirty miles from took us to the Church of St. John, as he called it, Izmir.

ruins of a more beautiful marble structure. Because Turkey is developing a tourist trade, and

In a prominent part of the white marble floor in since this shrine has tourist value; the guide explained,

what once had obviously been a spacious and beautiful Turkey allows the Catholic Church to maintain this edifice was another opening in the floor, but different shrine. But the priest who has charge is not allowed to

from that in St. Mary's Church. The entire opening wear his usual priestly costume and is required to

was in the form of a cross, but in the center was andress in business clothing.

other circular opening, with steps again leading into it. We approached the house and were met by the

"Another baptismal font,"said the guide. priest, a jovial young man, and extremely friendly.

"But why the shape of the cross?"we asked. He led us into the little building, the larger part of

Baptismal font in ruins of Steps offer mute evidence Baptismal font in St. John's Church ruins,

St. Mary's Church. to use of font. built 600 AD, has assumed shape of cross.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which was equipped like a small Catholic chapel. was the marvel of all who knew him because of his

To the right and off the front of the building was a great age, the priest explained.

small room into which he led us. "Then he outlived Peter by about forty years?"we

"This,"he said, "is the room where Mary lived. asked.

This is the original floor. She stood on these stones. "That is true,"the priest said. "Peter was sacrificed

And do you see the lower part of this wall? It was by the Romans about 64 AD, probably in 66 AD. The

part of the original wall of her house."date is not definitely known."

He pointed to a line across the wall about three "And was John the only surviving Apostle for forty feet above the floor. "This is the end of the original years?"we continued in our questioning.

wall,"he went on; "the section above it for about two "That is right,"the priest replied. "He bore great

feet was built in 400 AD. You see,"he added, "Chrisinfluence throughout the Christian Church for all

tian followers rebuilt her old home which had fallen those years."

down by that time. Later still, that restored home was "And Ephesus was his headquarters?"

burned.""That is right,"the priest continued. "He visited

He showed us blackened sections of the wall as many of the churches from here, and traveled exevidence. The rest was modern. tensively."

We asked how Mary happened to come to Ephesus. We returned to our car and started back to Izmir,

The priest explained that Jesus, from the cross, had wondering about the story of Mary and John.

given custody of his mother to the beloved disciple If John was the presiding authority of the Church

John. When it became necessary for John to leave for forty years after the death of Peter, how does this

Jerusalem, he brought Mary with him to Ephesus. affect the claims that Linus, Anacletus, and Clement

Here lived Timothy, Luke, and for a while Paul. There headed the Church after Peter?

was an active Christian community in Ephesus at John must have outlived all three of them. And even

that time. if he had not, would they have presided over John

John was banished to nearby Patmos where he had the beloved of the Lord?

the revelation, but Mary remained in this home until And if John were the only surviving General Authorher death, the priest explained. ity of the Church, and his headquarters were in

It was recalled that a similar story is told about a Ephesus, what happens to the claims of Rome as to shrine in Palestine. But we did not interrupt the its being the cradle of Christianity?

story. There was much to think about. We continued our

We asked how long John remained in Ephesus. The journey, convinced that Ephesus has a message for

priest said it is the belief of the Catholic Church modern mankind and that it helps sustain the truth that John remained there until the year 105 AD. He of Mormonism.

By tradition, Mary lived in Ephesus at this site. Only a whisper of glory is heard in Ephesian amphitheater ruins.

MARCH 1965 195 ASPOONFULL OF SUGAR BY vDARYL V. HOOLE

AUTHOR AND LECTURER ON THE HOME AND FAMILY Just then the school bell rang, and the first boy sighed and said, "Oh, well, let's go in and string those darned beads again."

How can we conduct our Family Home Evenings in First in a series of a manner so the children won't be stringing beads articlesgiving when actually they have space age thoughts and interests?

series articles in this will suggest helpful suggestionsfor someThespoonfulssubsequentof sugar use to help which you may interest children your take an in and value and live teachings the gospel are presenting FamilyHome Evenings to them. you

A traveler visited a church in Germany, famous for its stainedglass windows. The exterior was plain, and

there was no beauty in the windows from outside—

there never is, you know.

As the traveler stepped inside, he felt a keen disappointment. It was drab and dark and uninviting. A

very old guide directed him forward and, looking to the east where the sun was shining, a marvelous sight broke upon him. There was Jesus in the temple with

the doctors. The guide urged him to return at noon.

He then found another window in the sun, and Jesus was walking upon the water.

The old guide begged him to return one last time at sunset. These rays fell upon Christ on the cross.

Through the careful insistence of the guide, the traveler saw the choice views in the church, but many

The author with her husband, Hank and their five children. other visitors had come to the church and found

disillusionment. Some viewed only the outside, others

In the motion picture film Mary Poppins, we were looked at the windows from the wrong angle, and delighted with the song "A Spoonful of Sugar Helps still others came on a foggy day. No one directed them.

the Medicine Go Down."This thought suggests a It is much the same with our young children. Betechnique which should be used by every parent fore them stands a priceless treasure—the gospel of

and teacher. Whatever we're offering a child—whether Jesus Christ—but without guidance and direction they

it's something to build his body, his mind, or his spirit cannot see the beauty of it. As parents, it is the great-

—it can be made much more acceptable if it is preest calling of our lives to be our children's guide and

sented with "a spoonful of sugar."to teach them the gospel in such a manner that they

During the past few months, the leaders of the may know that it is more precious and important

Church have brought vividly to our attention that than anything else in life.

systematic and effective teaching of the gospel in We are deeply grateful for the Family Home Evethe home is the need of the hour. They have given us ning program. Now it is up to each set of parents in

inspired materials with which to work. The challenge the Church to make it the blessing it can be.

to us as parents is to present this to our children in In our Family Home Evenings with five small a way that will be appealing to them. children, we have discovered two great truths. One

Two firstgraders were about to enter the school is: The better prepared we are as parents, the better

when a huge jet flew over. "That's a BG50,"said one. our children behave. The other one is: The more

"No, it isn't—it's a BX41,"said the other, "and it's creative and interesting our approach is to the lesson,

not going more than 750 miles an hour because it the more the children learn, and the longer they didn't break the sound barrier."remember it.

The first boy agreed as to the speed and said, "It's really amazing the pressure that develops on those Preparation planes when they go into a dive—almost 1,200 pounds

per square inch."Charles Schwab, the multimillionaire Bethlehem

MARCH 1965 197 Steel man, accredited one simple principle for most them in the order of their importance. Now, put this

of his success. One day he said to an efficiency expaper in your pocket and the first thing tomorrow

pert, Ivy Lee: "If you can give us something to pep morning look at item number one and start working

us up to do the things we know we ought to do, I'll on it until it is finished. Then tackle item two in the

gladly pay you anything within reason you ask."same way; then item three and so on. Do this until

"Fine,"answered Mr. Lee, "I can give you somequitting time.

thing in twenty minutes that will step up your 'doing'"Don't be concerned if you have finished only one by at least fifty percent."or two. You'll be working on the most important ones.

"All right,"said Mr. Schwab, "let's have it."The others can wait. If you can't finish them all by

Ivy Lee handed Charles Schwab a blank sheet of this method, you couldn't have with any other method, note paper and said: "Write down the six most imeither, and without some system, you'd probably not

portant tasks you have to do tomorrow and number even have decided which was the most important.

"Do this every working day. After you've convinced yourself of the value of this system, have your

men try it. Try it as long as you wish and then send

me a check for what you think it is worth."

A few weeks later, Charles Schwab sent Ivy Lee a check for $25,000 with a letter saying the lesson was the most profitable he had ever learned.

This system made Charles Schwab one of the world's wealthy men. This same system can provide

you with a wealth of spiritual blessings which will make you and your family rich for all eternity.

With the many, many cares of daily living, there just won't be time to prepare for a Family Home

Evening unless you plan for the time,, work for the time, and then take the time. When work and activities

are planned in advance and then approached systematically, twice as much can be done in half the length of time. There will be time to prepare and hold family

home evenings if you plan. Designate one day early

in the week to prepare for your Family Home Evenings, and then make it number one on your list of activities. Set aside another day to hold your Family

Home Evenings. Put this at the head of the list so

that no matter what else happens, your Family Home

Evening will take place. President McKay has said:

"No other success can compensate for failure in the home."(April 1964 general conference; Improvement

Era, 67, 445.)

In our family we have found it most helpful to have a Family Home Evening notebook. It's just a

simple looseleaf binder containing a pad of paper. I

prepare the program for a particular Family Home

Evening ( sometimes the children help make the plans, too), write it down in the notebook, and then give it to my husband so he can be ready to conduct the program. A preplanned program in this manner eliminates the family's discussing, "What song should we

sing?"or "Who wants to say the prayer?"which invariably ends up in an unnecessary discussion. The

children respect the plans in the notebook and their father's authority as patriarch of our family and head

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of our home. Frequently I write down the words to the

songs to be sung. This helps my husband join in the

singing of Junior Sunday School hymns and Primary songs.

A typical program for our young children could be as follows: (A similar program, though on a more

mature level, could be used for older children.)

Welcome: (parent or child)

Opening song: "Jesus Wants Me for a Sunbeam"

(led by child) Prayer: (child)

Family council: (conducted by father and should

last five to ten minutes) Brief discussion about activities and responsibilities of family members. This

should be a pleasant time, not a battle ground! It's

a good opportunity for a project or learning experience, such as teaching children how to answer the telephone correctly, how to make an introduction, what our address and telephone number are.

Poem: (child)

Songs: (led by child)

Story or recitation: (child)

Finger play or rest exercise: (conducted by youngest child)

Language lesson: (If either parent speaks a foreign

language, this is a good time to teach a few words to the children. Children find it fun and easy to learn

at a young age.

Lesson: (mother or father) Family Home Evening

Manual Activity: Family Home Evening Manual

Closing song: (led by child) "I Am a Child of God"

Prayer: (family prayer with everyone taking turns)

Refreshments: (members of the* family will take

turns providing simple refreshments) notes of them and file them so they won't be forgotten

Creative Approach or misplaced.

Learn to see a story in dayby-day experiences. Let

The wellworn cliche, "One picture is worth a your imagination go to work in helping you make up a thousand words,"is nevertheless amazingly true. The story that could meet a need in your family. "Gertie

value of using visual materials such as mounted picthe Grumbler"has helped a lot at our house.

tures, illustrations from books, flannelboard demonChurch books and periodicals and other worthwhile strations, flip charts, flash cards, and chalk boards books and magazines offer numerous ideas. To make

cannot be overstressed. Subsequent articles in this stories meaningful, however, the child should be able

series will expand on these ideas as well as the ones to apply some part of it in his own life; for example,

to follow in the next paragraphs. the biblical account of David and Goliath is in itself

Children of all ages love and learn from puppets. a fascinating story, and children love to hear it. But

In fact, it's difficult to surpass a puppet as a teacher! if the story is to bring about any improvement in the

Retold stories that motivate, dramatizations, talks, child's life, he must realize how it can apply to him.

and lessons by children, and family activities which He will understand that it was through the help of the encourage direct application of the lessons can be Lord that David was able co conquer Goliath, but very effective. it is unlikely he will ever do battle with a giant, so

As parents, be alert to ideas everywhere. Make he may dismiss the lesson. (Continued on page 256)

MARCH 1965 199 PROFILE AMONG THE SAINTS: son had baptized her and her children, though we felt

close as "family,"we hesitated at the door. Georgette

Leroy's bright blue eyes filled with tears; she held out Georgette Leroy,

her arms to us, and we were taken into a French heart

Mother of andIt home.is a rare privilege to stay overnight with the

French. Some people will entertain lavishly and

is a private Missionaries warmly—but not at home. Their hearth

domain; the stranger is not usually included. Not only

BY LEOLA SEELY ANDERSON did Sister Georgette entertain us royally, but also we were permitted a glimpse into the inner recesses

At the open window five floors up appeared five of her being. What we found there is the fabric of

laughing faces—one topped by graying hair, Maman which a Latterday Saint soul is fashioned.

Georgette; Annick, a lovely twentytwo; Josette, the There is no Papa Leroy in the fifth floor flat. He

madcap twelveyear-old with "choppedoff"locks left the family years ago by way of nonsupport, dis- ( "Joseph, not Josette!"Maman lamented ); JeanPierre, interest, and neglect. And this has not always been a

forty pounds of animated blueeyed boy; and petite laughing, happy family. In fact, not very long ago it

goldenhaired Nelly ("our littly Lily"), granddaughter was a defeated, despairing group of seven. The older

and darling of the family. Five of the nine Leroys sons were gone, one to the military, one married. Two

waved enthusiastically to us from their high walkup others, ages fifteen and sixteen, were too young to apartment as we drove up below. support the family; Maman was too ill. Annick, workThe heads disappeared from the window, and in a ing in a print shop, supplied the major funds on which

few moments the younger ones burst from the door on the family lived.

the ground floor to sweep us up with their exuberance, When we knew her better Georgette Leroy told to hurry us up the five flights of steps to meet Maman. us her story, a heartbreaking account of fear, loneli-

A tiny Breton woman, fivefeet-two, whose two ness, privation.

sons are believed to be the first missionaries ever to Born at St. Andre, Orne, in Normandy, at the close

serve the Church from Brittany, received us with of World War I, she was the daughter of a veteran dignity and grace. Though we had been exchanging railroad track layer. She began life weighing less than

letters for more than a year, though our missionary two pounds—an infant nobody expected to live, nobody except her mother, that is. Her mere became head of her bed fell down; she was transported sevenknown as "St. Anthony"among the villagers, for that teen kilometers in a truck to a hospital where nobody

personage was always pictured as leading the tiny expected her to survive.

Christ Child by the hand. As the little girl grew, But she did—to endure other hardships: a month

Mere carried her in a basket when she went to the in the woods where the French Resistance hid out well for water, the blue eyes of the child peeping over when the enemy looted and burned the city, planes the basket's rim. dropping some provisions to the patriots; endless days

Her childhood with a brother and a sister was one in a chateau filled with refugees, rats, pigs, while the of change, of moving from place to place, "fearing air force staged dogfights in the sky overhead and hosts of strangers,"of "playing better with animals red flares from US spy planes at night lighted the than with other children."Her happiest hours were chateau courtyard where tanks"were stored. Nobody

spent gathering filberts in the woods or studying at made any plans for the future. Few of the horrors of

school. At fourteen she went to work in a perfume war passed her by. At its end she was broken in body

factory, the famous Maison de Bagot. and spirit.

Her marriage was illstarred from the beginning. During the years that followed, life was a touchMere warned her: "Stonecutters are drunkards!"But andgo affair with few bright spots. Somehow she

she did not believe—not then. She was still looking held her family together; Josette and JeanPierre were

for love; for friendship; for someone to share her born. Her husband made little pretense of supporting

warm, impulsive nature. She was disappointed from his family, absenting himself for long periods of time.

the first. The oldest son, Jacques, married and moved; the

Annick was just a baby when the second war struck. second, Bernard, joined the military. ClaudeGerard

Living became ever more difficult. Friends took care became an apprentice to learn plumbing and central

of her child while she went to work; her husband heating; the others were in school. Papa left for good.

seldom tried to find a job. As the years of the war Georgette was too ill, too hopeless to work. She had

dragged on, as the Germans invaded from Normandy, reached dead end. There was no place to turn for

her nerves wore raw; and with the births of three help. She grew desperate.

babies at less than year intervals, her health, too, When two young Mormon elders knocked at her broke. One child died; the third was born amid the door, she sent them away. The next day as the sun

terrors of an air attack in which every other house in was setting, two more came by. "Not knowing why,"

the residential area was destroyed. The wall at the she mused, "I invited them in."

"How we all depend on these young missionaries Maman s health now improved almost miraculously.

for counsel, inspiration!"she said. "It was as if the Soon she was able to work again, but good jobs were

Father knew that I had gone as far as I could endure hard to get—youth, competition, examinations stood in

alone."her way. Yet she found employment at the government

Everything changed. ClaudeGerard was baptized in operated I'Hopital Psychiatrique working with rethe city where he was studying; Annick, Hubert, Jostarded children. For many months, even through the

ette—all were baptized. But Maman was finding the bitterly cold weather, she has worked regularly, arising

new life too good to be true. She hesitated; she could at 4 am, walking for an hour to reach the hospital,

not believe that a new religion could make the changes often returning home after 10 pm. Frequently Hubert

she saw in her own children. They were laughing; they rode his bicycle to meet her, and they walked home

were interested again; they brought friends home; they together, her feet wrapped in burlap so that she would

adored the eiders. She found herself inviting the not fall on the icy streets. Yes, her health has been

missionaries to dinner. "It is so easy to take a little restored.

from each of the six and make two more portions,"she It was over two years ago that she sent her first wrote in a letter. "These young men mean everything boy into the mission field. In the spring of 1963, just a

to my children. For the first time in our lives we do few months after his sixteenth birthday, Hubert was

not feel alone. We are no longer afraid."also called on a building mission. Again Maman

At length she too was baptized, and the change was cheerfully let her son go.

complete. Even Jacques had joined the Church. JeanLife for the Leroys has not suddenly become easy,

Pierre was baptized when he turned eight last October. nor is it without its problems, but it has become worthNelly looks forward to her next three birthdays, when while. Now it has meaning and purpose, pleasure and

she will be old enough for baptism. promise. The family who greeted us in the fifth

ClaudeGerard finished his apprenticeship and refloor walkup and shared its warm hospitality is a ceived his papers as journeyman. He could now help happy, laughing family, one that takes walks together

support the family! But before he had secured his through the Breton countryside, gathering the native

first job, the Church called him on a building mission. yellow gorse and the briar rose, stopping to watch

He was not yet eighteen. Already he had served as a mother duck instruct her ducklings, stepping aside

first counselor in the branch presidency and as superfor the bicycles and motorbikes that race down the intendent of the MIA. Maman answered the call gravel road. They are a family busy in the auxiliaries

bravely. She moved her family from the third floor of the Church and loved in their branch. They are, in

walkup apartment to a cheaper one, five floors up, short, an LDS family in Europe, the kind fast becomand ClaudeGerard went to Belgium to build chapels. ing the lifeblood of the Church.

Hubert Leroy Georgette Leroy ClaudeGerard Leroy

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY BRUCE B. CLARK

Many qualities combine to make a good leader, but two qualities stand above all others in the truly admirable leader.

One is the courage of integrity, the courage to be unceasingly true to one's convictions, the courage to believe so strongly in right principles that one lives privately and publicly by these principles, speaks true to them, and governs at all times in harmony with them.

The other is that beautiful combination of humility and tact which makes everyone aware that the leader to be admired loves God, loves truth, and loves people—that he has an understanding regard for the sacred

worth of every human personality. Even as the

strength of truth is greater than the strength of falsehood, so the leadership of love is greater than the leadership of fear. The power that lifts up a human

soul is greater than the power that crushes it down.

If one has the first quality, of strong convictions, but lacks the second quality, of humility and love and tact, he may be a strong leader but will not be a good leader. He will rule through the power of fear

and the position of his office rather than through the power of love and the nobility of his character. If

one has the second quality, of humility and love and tact, but not the first quality, of strong and assertive convictions, he may be liked and even loved, but he will be a follower rather than a leader.

Both qualities are essential for ideal leadership.

To say all of this is, of course, merely to repeat in new words what was advanced so clearly by Joseph

Smith more than a hundred years ago:

"Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen.

And why are they not chosen?

"Because their hearts are set so much upon the things of this world, and aspire to the honors of men, that they do not learn this one lesson—

"That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness....

"We have learned by sad experience that it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion....

"No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned"; (D&C 121:3436, 39, 41.)

MARCH 1965 203 The Firstear AfterMarriage

BY HARVEY L. TAYLOR

ADMINISTRATOR UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL. SYSTEM

PART 2

Suppose we now say something about service adjustReligious adjustments should not be too difficult ment. This is particularly important in the Church for young Latterday Saints, assuming that all of you

where the time of church members is needed so badly plan to be married in the temple. One of the first

in the various organizations of the Church and comthings that you will have to decide after you are munity. Some decisions should be reached as to the married is to have prayers in your home. I strongly

extent to which each of you should give of your recommend that you begin your day every day with time to public service. There should also be a common family prayer from the very first time you start your

understanding as to joining clubs, directing plays or new home. Have your individual prayers at night and

taking part in plays, decorating for dances, serving pray as often as necessary to bring the spirit of our on committees, helping charities, or doing any of the Heavenly Father into your new home and into your many, many public services in Church or out which new lives. Never eat a meal that hasn't had the blessing

take one or the other out of the home. It is my judgof the Lord asked upon it.

ment that the first and most important business of During your first year of marriage, establish the young people particularly the first year after their idea that when there is sickness in your home you will marriage is to give just as much time as possible to call in the elders of the Church to administer. It is my

each other and to be in each other's presence just as personal judgment and testimony that the coming of much as possible. If you can render church and public elders carrying the Holy Priesthood of the Lord into

service and go together so that you work together and your home in time of sickness will bring healing power plan together, that would be excellent, but if it means and that their administrations will bring relief and in one has to stay home all the time while the other is many instances will cure your sick.

gone, I am sure your marriage will not get off to a Get in the habit of having special prayers. Ask our

good start. Heavenly Father to bless and protect you on our

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dangerous highways. Ask his blessings upon you a glorious, beautiful life already started in the direcwhen you have any important decisions to make. tion that will bring happiness and joy to all.

Establish the idea early so that when your children come along, and they have to take special examinations, or have special preparation, or have to go on dangerous missions, it is natural for them to kneel down and ask the blessings of the Lord to protect and help them. I can bear testimony that if you do this

the blessings of the Lord will come to you and your family in great abundance, and you will be blessed beyond anything you can think or hope for at this time.

One of the most important adjustments is that of parenthood. I strongly believe that now is the time for

you young people to begin to think seriously about some of the adjustments you will have to make when you become parents. One of the first things that you

will have to become adjusted to is the period of pregnancy in your wife. You should understand that it is

quite likely that this period will be accompanied by three or four weeks or months of severe illness. This

Then, of course, there is always the question of is common in most women, although some, of course, social adjustment. Some of the things you have to do not have this experience. During this time the

decide are these: husband will need to be very sympathetic and under-

1. How you spend your holidays—will you stay standing and need to have great selfcontrol—he will

home, will you go to resorts, will you go on trips? need to express his love more than at any other time.

2. What about the whole concept of trips and You should understand that during this period it is

'picnics? likely that there will need to be a change in your

3. What shall be the custom in your home regarding family routine. Your social life may have to change,

celebrating of birthdays? Will there be birthday cakes, and certainly your physical relationships with one anwill there be special dinners, will there be special atother will have to change. Your understanding will

tention paid to these important days or will they have to deepen; your sympathies and your appreciajust be forgotten? tion will have to become, particularly on the part of

4. What will be the Christmas tradition in your the husband, more realistic. He may have to particihome, how will you celebrate Christmas, what will pate more in the routine of maintaining the house.

you do about gifts and the Christmas tree, decorations, And of course it is very important during this period and Christmas cards? that both husband and wife make plans for the

All of these things are important; sometimes when baby. Both should read together widely on the subthe matter is of small importance, it might be wise ject, talk about it so that when the little one comes

for one or the other to give in and not insist on having there is no shock, no disturbance, no fear as to what his or her way. should be done. During this period there is definite

Also, there are many differences of opinion and likes change in the sex relations between husband and wife.

and dislikes in matters of recreation. What is recrea- I would strongly urge that you have a good talk with

tion for one may not be recreation for another. As a very reliable and friendly doctor who can give you

with recreation so with hobbies. Decide to enjoy things counsel and advice that will be of great value to you.

together. Learn to like the things that each other likes, The husband should also know that during this

and then you will have a glorious and happy time period his wife is hypersensitive, often nervous, may together. You will need to decide on the whole quescry easily, that she should never be left alone when it

tion of vacations, what to do on vacations, where to isn't necessary, that she needs special attention and go, whether to take others with you. These are all love. He should also know that she feels a strong

vital things which pretty much should be decided tie to her mother during pregnancy, even more than at during the first year of your marriage so that as the any other time. Her husband should make it possible,

children come along the pattern is set, and you have if he can, for her to spend some time with her mother.

MARCH 1965 205 During pregnancy the wife very often develops many the other hand, the extent to which these differences kinds of fears. She may be afraid that she might can be resolved—just to that extent can you expect

mark her baby or that she might do things which will to live happily and successfully together.

react on it during the prenatal stage. It is a wellestablished fact now that this cannot be done, that no

woman can mark her baby. The good Lord took care

of this when he planned the process of procreation.

I suggest a word of caution to young wives, that you do not use this period deliberately to get the sympathy of your husband. What you need is his

love and understanding. This you can get if you will

be straightforward and honest. It is well to remember

that each young married couple is in creative partnership with God, that you are together creating the body of an individual to inherit a spirit which will Let's say a word or two about keeping romance be sent direct from heaven. This is a tremendous alive. This doesn't apply only to the first year, but it

responsibility and if properly understood and anticiwill apply to your entire married life. There is no

pated can be one of the greatest and most important reason why married people should not become more in and delightful experiences in your life. love as the years go by instead of less in love. I would

Now when the baby is born, the father as well as suggest some of these things in order to keep romance the mother should know its needs and help to supply alive:

them. You should understand that each of you will 1. Have occasional dinner parties together.

have less time for each other than you had previously. 2. Go to dances together.

You should also be prepared for some sleepless 3. Find occasion where you can wear your formal

nights, although in some cases this does not follow. I clothes just as you did prior to your marriage.

urge you not to get panicky if the child becomes ill. 4. Keep lovely and charming at all times.

There is always a way to handle these things. Children 5. Particularly when the husband is away, he may

have become ill for generations and have become well. send flowers, candy, gifts, wires, or telephone his wife.

The main thing to do is to anticipate that these things It isn't necessary that a man follow this last sugmay happen and be prepared to handle them when gestion all the time, but certainly he should often they do. enough so that his wife never has any question or

It is very important also that you have an underdoubt as to his safety, as to his devotion to his home standing as to the basic ways in which the child will and to her, or as to his love and appreciation for be trained. It seems to me that you should agree before what his home and family can give him.

the baby is born on such matters as whether it I have always felt that it is a nice custom to bring should be picked up when it cries, whether it should cominghome presents. These may be very inexpensive.

sleep alone, and whether it should be bounced around I knew one husband who each time he went away by relatives and friends. Such things as feeding regulabrought home to his wife just one beautiful rosebud.

tions and many other matters which are common to the It was a lovely tradition in their lives and kept rorearing of children are also important. If these can mance at a very high level, and through the years

be talked out by parents before the baby is born, this couple grew into an example of what any young then this will eliminate many of the difficulties which married couple would like to become.

might arise and misunderstandings which could easily I think it is a good thing to remember each other's cause lack of harmony in the home. birthdays and anniversaries and other special days.

The things I have been trying to tell you are inIt is good to remember and visit places that were imtended to reduce to a minimum the number of broken portant to you during your courtship. Relive the exharmonies that come into your lives. I would not periences that you had when you were young people.

want to give the impression that married life is a Don't allow yourself to get that "rundown look."If

paradise, that you won't have disagreements. It is there is anything that destroys marital happiness and

impossible to think that two strong, educated, wellthe interest you have in each other, it is for one or the trained young people would always see things exactly other to neglect his grooming, to neglect his clothing, the same. This is not wholesome for good married and to get what is commonly thought of as the "marlife. There should be a difference of opinion, but on ried look."There is no reason for this; there is no

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA excuse for it; it is just an indication of indifference. feel pleased and happy to be able to order his life and

And by the way, when we speak of indifference, let help to build his home in such a way that he would us remember that there is no place in married life to have as a part of his daily life a companion and a take an indifferent attitude toward anything. Your woman of this type. I believe that what he does and

attitude should be positive on all matters. Keep the says and how he acts and thinks have a lot to do as

upand outward look rather than a downand a to the kind of home that he will have.

backward look. I strongly urge that you never become I bear testimony that married life can be a rich and

common to each other. I would suggest that you beautiful experience. The happiest married people

always find ways to surprise one another. are those who have learned to live together so har-

I have always felt that there is nothing in this moniously and so beautifully that each has an opporworld that is more beautiful than a lovely, charming tunity for full expression and development of his or wife and mother. It seems to me that any man would her own individuality.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Youth urged to complete officeSaltofLakethe firstCity presidency11, Utah freshman year of college December 28, 1964 at a school near their homes if Institute of To PRESIDENTS OF MISSIONS, PRESIDENTS OF STAKES, BISHOPS

Religion classes are OF WARDS and PRESIDENTS OF INDEPENDENT BRANCHES.

available.

Dear Brethren;

See page 25k for Theto studyChurchat hasinstitutionslong encouragedof higherits members,education.andWeespeciallynow reaffirmits andyouth,emfurther suggestions. phasize that admonition. We suggest that you counsel the youth under

your jurisdiction upon graduation from high school to seek the type of educational program for which they are best suited and which will best prepare them for service in the Church and the community.

Obviously, all Latterday Saint students of college age cannot enroll in one of our Church schools. We have now established 185 full or parttime Institutes of Religion at colleges and universities throughout the

United States and Canada. Additional Institutes will be established as

sufficient numbers of Church students become available. We strongly

urge all students who are not attending Brigham Young University, Ricks

College, or the Church College of Hawaii to enroll in classes at the

Institutes where they are available near the students'homes so they can augment their secular learning with a religious education and spiritual experiences.

As you counsel your youth, we feel you should take into consideration the special needs of the individual students. Many unhappy situations

develop because our youth leave the influence and guidance of their parents too early in life. When a Latterday Saint Institute of Religion

is available at a nearby college, we believe that in many cases it would be wise for the student to complete his freshman year where the influence of the home could be a supportive factor.

May the Lord continue to bless you in your work so that the youth of Zion might be guided and strengthened.

Sincerely your brethren,

The First Presidency m ING

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It was spring. Peter Thompson had one month to go present satisfaction and his future hopes lay in the

in his freshman year at the university. He planned to grades themselves. The possibility that he might be

attend summer school afterward. dedicating himself with too great an obsession did

He was enjoying that freshman year, and there not enter his mind.

was nothing he wanted more than to finish it well. As he sat at the desktable in his room of his

He had dated for dances. He had attended theatrical, grandparents'house, he heard low, restrained laughter

musical, and artistic presentations. He had gone to from his grandfather's deep voice. His grandparents

football and basketball games. All these things were were entertaining friends who had come Sunday

important to him. But none could compare with the calling. Peter did not like being interrupted, however

importance of getting high grades. insignificant the cause of the distraction, but there

Peter figured that if he organized his activities and was nothing he could do about it.

time tightly enough, he would achieve his coveted Now the doorbell sounded.

goal: an A-minus average, the key to acceptance into "Peter,"his grandmother called, "would you answer

a topflight medical school. the door, please?"

It was early Sunday afternoon. Peter had previously He left his room to go to the door, smiling and

done his monthly home teaching, at least one visit a nodding an unembodied greeting to the older couple home. Today he had attended church. He had gone seated on the davenport at the end of the living room.

to priesthood meeting. He had partaken of the SacraAt the door were George Findlay, Sunday School

superintendent, and Ray Houser, second counselor in the bishopric.

BY F. DONALD ISBELL "Oh, hi. Come on in,"Peter welcomed them.

They all shook hands as the brethren entered. They

were greeted by Peter's grandparents and introduced to the older visitors.

The two men explained that they had come to talk with Peter.

"Sure,"Peter responded, "let's go into my room."

"Fine."Peter carried an extra chair into his room. He invited the visitors to be seated and closed the door.

"We'll be here just a moment or so, Peter,"said

Brother Findlay.

"Stay as long as you can,"Peter answered with a smile, but he wondered how long that would be.

"How are things going?"Brother Houser asked.

"Great. Really great."

Brother Findlay continued, "You're a student at the university, aren't you?"

Peter nodded, feeling a tiny prick of pride. "I've

just about finished my freshman year. I'm going to

ment in Sunday School. Every Sunday he read a little summer school though."

of the Book of Mormon before going to priesthood Brother Findlay already had learned this from meeting. He had done this today. He felt he had done Peter's grandfather.

rather well, in fact, altogether quite well. "Have you decided on your major?"

His homework during these days came in piles. "Premed,"Peter answered, feeling sure of himself.

His studies were his "ox in the mire."He had to pull "That's wonderful."

the ox out every Sunday. So for the rest of the after- "It really is,"added Brother Houser.

noon he expected to study. He didn't like to do homeThey hesitated. Peter waited.

work on Sundays, but he could see no getting out of it. "Peter,"said Brother Findlay, "we need a second

And Peter was too happy to worry much. He beassistant in the Sunday School superintendency."He

lieved that life meant more than getting good grades looked directly into Peter's eyes, not quite smiling.

and that there were higher levels of accomplishment "We've come to ask you if you would like to be that to which he would ascend, yet he realized that his assistant."(Continued on page 238)

MARCH 1965 209 other texts. The dropping out of

this passage would explain the obvious confusion in the other two texts.

In the third passage the Book of

Mormon has an introduction that SINCE is missing from both the King

James and the Septuagint. Since

it is a denunciation of the "wickedness of the pastors of my people,"who are held responsible for theCUMORAH scattering of Israel, it is obvious NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST why it is ignored by the doctors of the schools who made both the

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D. Septuagint and the Masora. Justin

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Martyr accused the Jewish doctors of removing passages which they found distasteful. The Septuagint

interprets the people in distant places as gentiles and introduces a direct utterance of the Lord not found in the King James. In the

fourth passage the sense of the Septuagent is quite different from that of the King James, explaining that the Lord will forgive his people if they humble themselves. The

Book of Mormon adds a phrase found in neither of the other sources, obviously addressed to people possessing more information than we do: "... for the feet of

those who are in the east shall be established."

This brief and superficial glance at three books is merely meant to indicate that there is something going on here that deserves more

Old books pictured on these pages are careful investigation. The way in

the oldest known Christian books from which the Book of Mormon fits into in library original their the NagHamadi bindings, of the the Old Testament picture is, to as old as and are most

Dead Sea Scrolls. say the least, remarkable. But

PART II. HIDDEN TREASURES Nephi's performance is even more impressive where the New TestaThe Search for the Original Scriptures ( continued ) ment is concerned.

In each of these passages there the Septuagint, while the latter In our day the experts have is a substantial difference between alone makes mention of removing reached the reluctant consensus the three readings. In the first, the the seed of the Chaldeans; the that the Christian message has not

Septuagint omits all mention of the Book of Mormon and the Septuacome down to us in its original waters of Judah; the King James gint agree against the King James form. "The present generation,"

mentions waters of Judah but not in adding "unto them"to the first writes a leading authority on New "waters of baptism,"found only sentence, while the Book of MorTestament documents, "stands at in the Book of Mormon ( though mon prefaces the sentence with the the beginning of a new cycle, in not in the first edition). In the words, "yea, and he will fulfill his the search for the original Greek

second, the persons and numbers word, which he hath declared by New Testament."And it stands perdiffer between the King James and them,"not found in either of the plexed, not knowing which way to

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA turn: "Any substantial effort to imafter student has been pointing that the three Synoptic Gospels are

prove the basic critical test must this out in the journals with steadily not the original "Evangelion"at all, 'mark time'until the whole complex increasing frequency. "Thirty years but are, to use his own word, an

of textual studies reveals a new ago... a kind of current orthoErsatz. 32 They come from another

integrating pattern.... we know doxy"insisted that John was the milieu entirely from that of John,

only that the traditional theory of latest and most unJewish of the with whose writing they are "comthe [New Testament] text is faulty Gospels, 27 written very late in Alexpletely unfamiliar."33

but cannot yet see clearly to corandria or Ephesus by a Greek of The fact that there are three rect the fault.... The critic is Stoic and Platonic leanings. But Synoptic Gospels instead of one

sobered by the realization that the "under the impact of the new findposes the greatest riddle of New best critical text so far achieved ings,"Albright informs us, "a strong Testament criticism: Why are there

now holds little assurance of being reaction has recently set in.... three, and why do they differ? The

the original text."25 "Thirty or forty Some radical scholars now consider very "multiplicity of the Gospels,"

years ago,"wrote C. C. McCown, John as the earliest of the Gospels is adequate evidence that someone

"there was much talk of the 'assured instead of the latest."28 Since that has been manipulating the records 34

results'of literaryhistorical critiwas written it has come to be gencism.... Now... biblical scholarerally recognized that the peculiariship... must fight for its life... ties of John takes us back to sources

in the light of new methods and definitely older than the Synoptic new archaeological, textual, paleoGospels themselves. 29

graphical, and historical discoverIn 1953 H. R. Dodd, and in the

ies. "26 following year W. Noack, showed

But if we do not have the original that John was "the most Hebraic texts, we are getting a pretty good book in the New Testament, except idea of what happened to them. perhaps for the Apocalypse,"being

Here again Nephi "calls his shots"a product of the desert Christians unerringly. Shown in a vision the of the very earliest period. 30 As for

life and ministry of Christ and the the Apocalypse, denied a place in

Apostles, he was about to write the Bible by some of the most down what he had seen but was eminent doctors of the church and prevented from doing so with the denied Johannine authorship by command, "But the things which scholars down to the present day, thou shalt see hereafter thou shalt "this disquieting document,"as not write;..."(1 Nephi 14:25, 28.) Dodd puts it, "has caused much

It was explained to him that the searching of hearts in recent critirecording of these things was recism. A generation ago it was still

served for "the apostle of the possible to regard Revelation as

Lamb of God that he should write a work of scissors and paste"—but

them"(ibid., 14:25), and he was no longer. 31 What shall we make

told by the angel "that the name of it? Dodd assures us "that the Today the experts think they have

of the apostle of the Lamb was Johannine riddle will be solved only a pretty good idea of the sort of

John."(Ibid., 14:27.) John and not after the point of the entire Johanpeople responsible. They were

Nephi was to write all these things nine corpus has been discovered."31 people who had received the gospel

down, and after that they were Suffice it to say for the present that from the Apostles, but immediately not to be published but "sealed John holds the key to New Testaafter the passing of the Apostles up to come forth in their purity... ment origins, and John remains a proceeded to make basic alterain the own due time of the Lord, mystery. tions, deliberately disregarding

unto the house of Israel."(Ibid., But what of the other three Gossome of the most important teach14:26.) pels? To find out the present state ings. 35 They were not the old

Now nothing is more striking of the problem we can do no better JewishChristian communities, but about the new Jewish and Christhan to turn to W. Schneemelcher's various local churches of gentile

tian manuscript finds than the perpreface to his reediting of the composition, into whose hands the sistent and emphatic way in which standard collection of New Testarecord came at an early time (in their phrases and ideas call the ment Apocrypha (the old Henthe 70's and 80's AD), 36 and by writings of John to mind. Student necke collection). He assures us whom the alterations—especially deMARCH 1965 211

letions—were made. 37 The changes form "... go forth by the hand of the entire Johannine corpus."It is

consisted in new interpretations of the twelve apostles of the Lamb, remarkable that Nephi does not the scriptures, not in corruptions of from the Jews unto the Gentiles, mention corruptions or insertions in the text, and in substantial omis-..."(Ibid., 13:26.) In the hands of the text but keeps hammering away

sions.38 these last, and at an early date, they at that one fatal defect, the preAnd what does Nephi have to suffered mutilation: "... they have cious things which "they have taken

say about our New Testament? taken away from the gospel of the away."Finally Nephi has good

First that its substance goes back Lamb many parts which are plain news—in his own due time the Lord

to the spoken words of Jesus; that and most precious; and also many is going to bring forth writings

"when it proceeded forth from the covenants of the Lord have they which were "sealed up to come mouth of a Jew it contained the taken away."(Ibid., 13:26.) It is forth in their purity,"those writplainness of the gospel."( 1 Nephi, "the great and abominable church"ings of John which Nephi him13:24.) Repeatedly (four times) which is charged with this folly, self was forbidden to duplicate.

Nephi uses the peculiar and vivid and here it is only fair to point out (See ibid., 14:2627.)

expression "... proceeded forth that 1 Nephi 22:13f designates any Every step of Nephi's account of

who fight against Israel by that unthe New Testament writings can savory title, and that the damage be discerned in the emerging patto the scriptures was done by that tern of New Testament studies same great and abominable before today: (1) Its original form was

the New Testament went out into the spoken word of logia; (2)

the world, possibly before it left clearly understood only in their

Palestine: "And after these plain original JewishChristian setting;

and precious things were taken (3) transmitted at an early time, away it goeth forth unto all the "by the hand of the Apostles"(i.e.,

nations of the Gentiles;..."(Ibid., in written form) to the gentiles

13:29. Italics added.) One of the ( see ibid., 13: 2426 ); ( 4 ) who proimportant discoveries of modern ceeded in the various churches to

"form criticism"has been that the reinterpret and delete much of the original wordof-mouth tradition record (v. 27 ).41 (5) After the

was revamped (neu geformt) by damage was done the New Testacertain early Christian groups and ment went forth "unto all the in that form "handed on"to the nations of the Gentiles."(v. 29.)

world; the revising took place soon It is a fact that while ancient manuafter the appearances of the Lord scripts of the New Testament are

following the resurrection, and found all over the Old World in there is still a good deal of uncermany languages, they all represent tainty as to just who did it and the same mutilated families of why.40 texts. That is why we are still lookThrough the centuries that foling for the original. (6) Because

from the mouth of a Jew,"or "prolowed, according to Nephi, "... beof the deficiencies in the known

ceedeth out of the mouth of a cause of these things which are writings the churchmen have never

Jew."(Ibid., 14:23.) It was word taken away out of the gospel of the been able to understand them or

of mouth, or, to use the strictly Lamb, an exceeding great many do agree about what they mean, and literal equivalent, it was in the stumble,..."(Ibid., 13:29.) What today they stand in as great perform of logia. word could more aptly express the plexity as ever; in other words, they

The most significant texts being situation of Bible readers down to "stumble."(7) Finally we are asdiscovered today are the lost Logia, the present day: they walk, but as sured that there are unspoiled

or mouthutterances, of Jesus, now they walk, they stumble—they do documents hidden away, awaiting

recognized as the oldest form and not agree on what they read, and that time when they shall "come substance of the gospel message. 39 they never have agreed, and today forth in their purity...."

From these the Gospels were conthe whole scholarly world is by its And indeed, for the first time in structed. own admission stumbling around in history, scholars are in our own day

Next, Nephi tells us, these things the dark, looking for some "new inbeginning to put their hopes quite which were had among the Jews tegrating pattern"and wondering frankly in the possible discovery in pure, simple, and understandable what can possibly be "the point of of such documents. (8) To these

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA points we might add the peculiar Book of Mormon world as they do the worries and travels of Lehi—

role of John in Nephi's account—in the Bible world. Here a word of all this and more in the first five

the only New Testament character explanation is in order. verses.

mentioned in the Book of Mormon The Book of Mormon is a colossal Page 20: Interprets a dream

—since John is today by far the structure. Considered purely as about a large and spacious buildmost important as well as the most fiction, it is a tour de force without ing; Nephi sees in vision the wars,

baffling and mysterious figure in parallel. What other volume can tribulations, and ultimate extermithe search for the original Chrisapproach this wealth of detail and nation of his descendants, great

tian message. tightwoven complexity, this factual destructions upon the land, and a

Methods and Obstacles. In their precision combined with simple visit of the Savior to the survivors.

efforts to discern more clearly what open lucidity? Any book we choose Page 40: Dissension and trouble

might have been the original form is feeble by comparison: some of on shipboard; Nephi is bound and

of the gospel teachings, the experts them have one quality and some the ship almost founders in a tyhave come up with two new and another, but like Matthew Arnold's phoon; the people arrive in the

powerful research tools. Once emHomer, the Book of Mormon comNew World and continue their Old

ployed by rival schools, they are bines these usually incompatible now combined with great effect to qualities in a structure of flawless explore the theoretical background consistency. Our American literais full of big, bumbling, Testament. The one tool tureof the New ram &K (Quellenkritik preaching,is bling, mouthCriticism brooding, Source

Jr - iteffitiiti..r spinning out a writer's Quellengeschichte), which books,or exing yfxf TO

that sur- ) remi-.*...Vr ( usually adolescent all the documents personalamines

'I'***round an ancient writing in all their niscences and impressions at great H$r< 'complex relationships in the hopes and unoriginal lengths. rfit.fc-1

of detecting possible sources, direct But this terse, compact religious ', If***** nJEI3*''J**'**:

or indirect, for what is in the writhistory of a thousand years is someing. The other is Form Criticism thing utterly beyond the scope of

( Formkritik or Formgeschichte ) creative writing. To test our thesis tOTim"iw itti * i l id ',#PI|<2li

which takes every single passage of let the skeptical reader think of a a text as if it were an independent number, any number between ten.*j|-.-n

production and seeks to determine and thirty; then beginning with

its background (Sitz im Leben) on page one of the Book of Mormon, "'cmu*>*t the assumption that the milieu in let him turn to every page in the which any literary composition has book which is a multiple of that -Tf.fr -"

originated will invariably be renumber and see what he finds flected more or less in the writing there. Or let him think offhand of

itself. The effectiveness of these fifty or so numbers between one

methods is by no means limited to and five hundred—any number—and

the Bible; they can be applied in then consult those pages of the

the study of any ancient text, inBook of Mormon. The point here World ways of farming and pastoral

cluding the Book of Mormon. is that we are choosing a large numnomadism; they domesticate aniThe Book of Mormon problem, ber of items from the Book of Mormals and search out precious metals.

in fact, is now beginning to look mon and choosing them completely Page 60: The ending of a thanksvery much like the Bible problem. at random. What a staggering giving hymn by Nephi, astonishIn both cases the elementary queswealth of detail we discover! What ingly like the Thanksgiving Hymn

tion is, "How can we explain the boundless prodigality of invention! of the Dead Sea Scrolls. (Some

existence of this large and compliTake every twentieth page, for have called this a psalm, but strictly cated book?"The answers are not example: speaking a psalm is a ritual hymn

the same, but the methods of inPage 1: A colophon explaining connected with the rites of the

vestigation are the same. If one who wrote the book, his backtemple.

asks, "What have the recent manuground, his sources of information, Nephi's brothers charge him with script discoveries in the Near East his reliability, his culture, the lanroyal ambition and plan to do away to do with Cumorah?"the answer guage he is writing in, an account with him. He continues to migrate,

is, "A great deal."For the manuof the time and setting of his story, taking along all who are willing.

scripts belong just as much in the the peculiar conditions prevailing, ( Continued on page 226

MARCH 1965 213 /o;y\

January 13, 1965 Dear Editor, While serving as a guide on the Logan Temple grounds, I was approached by two retired schoolteachers from Texas with the inquiry: "What are those

contentedlooking elderly people doing going in and out of the temple and carrying suitcases of various sizes?"It gave me a welcome chance to expand

in more detail about the mission of our temples.

"Why,"one of the women exclaimed, "it must give these people the happy feeling that they are engaged in doing something very needful, that age has not robbed them of purpose in the least. At a time when enforced retirement

has become such a problem for many of us, you Mormons seem to have the perfect solution to the problem of providing meaningful activity for every age group."My tour of duty just then ended, and I invited the women to visit our

Genealogical Library with me. Again they were delighted to observe the eager

zeal of library missionaries and researchers, most of whom were elderly.

Though Lutherans, they themselves became interested in genealogy and spent an extra two days in Logan at the library.

A recently published survey concerning problems of retired people vividly brought the incident to my mind. The survey illustrates the desperate

need of retired people for activity to provide meaningful purpose for their remaining years. Retirement housing has sprouted nearly one thousand communities for retired oldsters. Not one of the communities fulfilled its

search for continuing purpose and soulsatisfying activity. An acquaintance, living in an Arizona city for senior citizensreputed to be one of the

bestrecently in somewhat woebegone and wistful manner observed: "It makes

some of us feel like social outcasts. Nobody really likes to live as a senior

citizen with only other senior citizens. To keep on the beam we need to be

with people of all ages."

After nearly forty years'singing in the ward choir, we wanted to resign, but our wonderful chorister declared, "They may not sing so loud anymore, but these older people fit and fill in nicely and make the ward choir look and sound as a Mormon choir should."

In the temple, in Sunday School, Mutual, Sacrament meeting, we are extended a happy, sincere "glad to see you."

Completing my own genealogy and helping others with their German and

French problems keep me busier than I ever was, and as I think of my wonderful companion of nigh fifty years, some lines of Robert Browning come to mind:

"Grow old along with me!

The best is yet to be, The last of life, for which the first was made."(Rabbi Ben Ezra)

Yes, happily engaged in meaningful activities the Church provides right among those we love, surely there is no need for elderly Latterday Saints to uproot and move into separate senior citizens'communities.

This letter was prompted by your beautiful presentations in the January issue of Family Home Evenings and genealogical home evenings. But I had a

nagging feeling that they would have been more complete had grandparents been included. Surely to turn the hearts of the children to their fathers

does not exclude the living grandfathers. They make an especially inspiring, appreciative audience, before whom children love to perform. Wise grandparents do not intrude but live separately in their own home. However, to be

included occasionally in a Family Home Evening in the home of the children or in their own home will give them a feeling of belonging, the same feeling they imparted to their children in such rich measure in their budding years when it meant so much. The wealth of happy, lasting memories such combined

Family Home Evenings could create is immeasurable.

We love our Improvement Era. It helps to keep us steadily on the beam. The

messages by the editor seem like a monthly visit to our home by our prophet, seer, and revelator.

MARCH 1965 21 S "The Lord repented of the evil."The circumstance

is that of Moses on the mount with the Lord while

Israel made and worshiped a golden calf. The Lord

tells Moses that he will destroy Israel.

At this point the King James version reports that

Moses saw fit to call the Lord to repentance for the "evil"which he (the Lord) had "thought to do"unto

Israel made and worshiped a golden calf. The Lord

Lord repented.

It seems strange that the Righteous Judge of all the earth would think to do evil or that he would need to repent. Likewise, one might wonder at the bold

of audacity a prophet taking the God of Israel to taskKgvision of in manner. such a

It is of value to compare the texts:

King James Version Exod. 32:12. Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent

of this evil against thy people.

Inspired Revision

Exod. 32:12. Turn from thy fierce wrath. Thy people

BY ROBERT J. MATTHEWS will repent of this evil; therefore come thou not out

EDITOR LDS DEPT. OF EDUCATION against them.

PART TWO King James Version SOME SIGNIFICANT TEXTS OF Exod. 32:14. And the Lord repented of the evil

THE INSPIRED TRANSLATION which he thought to do unto his people.

The Prophet Joseph Smith produced some very Inspired Revision interesting and significant changes in the text of the Exod. 32:14. And the Lord said unto Moses, If they

Rible. Some of these have the effect of eliminating will repent of the evil which they have done> I will

contradiction. Others give explanation of a doctrinal spare them, and turn away my fierce wrath; but, benature. In some instances ambiguous and misleading hold, thou shalt execute judgment upon all that will

passages are clarified. Still others form bridges and not repent of this evil this day. Therefore, see thou do

connecting links between heretofore disjointed and this thing that I have commanded thee, or I will seemingly unrelated passages. execute all that which I had thought to do unto my

Space will permit only a sampling of these items, people.

but the student can discover multitudinous instances for himself by comparing the Inspired Translation The text in the Inspired Translation, wherein Moses with other versions. is pleading for the people, and the Lord is willing to

forgive on conditions of repentance, is far more conContradictions Eliminated sistent with the character of God and of a prophet than that of the King James version.

Readers of the Bible have noted what appear to be "No man hath seen God at any time."The King

contradictions and inconsistencies in the manner in James version would have one believe that "No man which certain ideas are presented. A few of these will hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son,

be discussed in these pages. which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared

him."(John 1:18.) This thought does violence to the

testimonies of many ancient prophets who were bold to declare that they had seen God face to face and

had seen his parts. (Exod. 24:9-11; 33:21, 23; Num.

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM 12:6-8; Isa. 6:1.) Thus this statement from John causes

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Holy Record to disagree with itself. Angels at the tomb. In each of the four Gospels

Through the Prophet's correction, this passage of the King James version, mention is made of the takes on different meaning: "And no man hath seen appearance of an angel (or angels) at Jesus'tomb on

God at any time, except he hath borne record of the the morning of his resurrection. Luke (24:4-6) and

Son; for except it is through him no man can be saved."John (20:1113) each specifies that there were two

(John 1:19, Inspired Translation.) Not only does this angels present, whereas Matthew (28:1-7) and Mark

eliminate the contradiction, but much is added to the (16:5-6) indicate there was but one.

meaning. Textual changes in the Inspired Translation are such

Likewise, 1 John 4:12, which reads: "No man hath that all four accounts agree that there were two angels

seen God at any time;"was corrected to say: "No man present at the tomb on the morning of the resurrechath seen God at any time, except them who believe."tion of Jesus Christ.

This subject is further enlarged by a significant Piercing of Mary's soul. It is recorded in the King

change appearing in the text of Exodus 33:2023. The James version that the Prophet Simeon, after alluding

King James version poses a contradiction by declaring to the life and death of Jesus, directed his remarks to that no man can see God's face and live (verse 20), Mary and said: "Yea, a sword shall pierce through

yet in the same chapter it is stated that "... the Lord thy own soul also."The Prophet Joseph rendered this

spake to Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto prophecy with a little different meaning: "Yea, a spear

his friend."(Verse 11.) In the Inspired Translation this shall pierce through him to the wounding of thine

situation is explained by the Lord thus: own soul also."(Luke 2:35.)

Such a change causes the passage to conform more

King James Version nearly to actual happenings. While it cannot be

Exod. 33:20. And he said, Thou canst not see my doubted that events incident with the death of Jesus

face: for there shall no man see me, and live. greatly pricked Mary's feelings and sorely wounded

her own soul, yet the spear did not actually pierce her

Inspired Revision but did "pierce through him."

Exod. 33:20. And he said unto Moses, Thou canst Paul's vision on Damascus road. In the King James

not see my face at this time, lest mine anger be version there are two accounts of Paul's vision while kindled against thee also, and I destroy thee, and thy on the road to Damascus. As recorded in Acts 9:7 it

people; for there shall no man among them see me reads: "And the men which journeyed with him stood

at this time, and live, for they are exceeding sinful. speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man."HowAnd no sinful man hath at any time, neither shall there ever, in Acts 22:9, as Paul was making a defence at

be any sinful man at any time, that shall see my face Jerusalem, he recounts the event thus: "And they that

and live. were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid;

but they heard not the voice of him that spake to

The reader will note that in the Prophet's correction me."Evidently here there is a misstatement of fact.

the emphasis is upon the fact that no sinful man can As corrected by the Prophet, the passage in Acts 9:7

see God, rather than that no man can ever see him. is altered to agree with that in the 22nd chapter. This

Thus, in the Inspired Translation a contradiction is would seem to be the reasonable conclusion, for eliminated, and a significant principle is explained, surely the voice and message of the Lord was for whereas in the King James version a gross misconPaul alone, although his companions in travel might ception is engendered. be permitted to see the light and thereby be assured of

Death of Judas Iscariot. In the King James version the unusual event that was taking place.

two accounts are given of the death of the betrayer.

Matthew indicates that Judas hanged himself (Matt. Doctrinal Explanations

27:5); whereas Peter is quoted as saying that Judas,

"falling headlong,... burst asunder in the midst, and "Take up his cross, and follow me."Our Lord counall his bowels gushed out."(Acts 1:18.) seled those who would be his disciples to take up the

As presented in the Inspired Translation, Matthew cross and follow him. The Inspired Translation exmakes this significant statement of Judas'death: He plains what this means:

"went, and hanged himself on a tree. And straightway

he fell down, and his bowels gushed out, and he died."King James Version

(Matt. 27:6.) This addition thus has the effect of Matt. 16:24. Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If

harmonizing the two accounts of Judas'death. (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1965 217 with their little children. Remembering what Jesus

ThelnspimlTZgvision oftheBible had said in Galilee about little children needing no repentance, the disciples proceeded to inform the (Part Two, continued) Judeans that there was no real need to have Jesus bless them.

any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and The disciples acted in good faith. It was not that

take up his cross, and follow me. they considered little children to be beneath the digInspired Revision nity of our Lord's attention; it was simply that they

Matt. 16:2527. Then said Jesus unto his disciples, thought the Judeans did not understand about the

If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, sinless state of little children. Without the help of

and take up his cross and follow me. the Inspired Translation one can have but scant

And now for a man to take up his cross, is to deny appreciation of this event in the lives of the disciples.

himself all ungodliness, and every worldly lust, and The casual and natural way in which the Inspired keep my commandments. Translation wove this principle into their lives is

Break not my commandments for to save your remarkable.

lives;... Predestination. Passages bearing upon the subject

Key of knowledge. Jesus accused the Jewish lawyers of predestination, or as it might be called, "preof taking away the "key of knowledge."(Luke 11:52.) determination,"also received some attention by the

The Inspired Translation explains that this "key"is Prophet. A few are noted as follows:

the "fulness of the scriptures"(Luke 11:53), thus

suggesting that these men were tampering with King James Version the text. Acts 13:48. And when the Gentiles heard this, they

Status of little children. That little children are inwere glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as

nocent before God is clearly established by the many as were ordained to eternal life believed.

Inspired Translation.

In explanation of the covenant of circumcision, the Inspired Revision

Lord said to Abrahamthat its purpose was "that thou Acts 13:48. And when the Gentiles heard this, they

mayest know for ever that children are not accountable were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord; and

before me until they are eight years old."( Gen. 17: 11. as many as believed were ordained unto eternal life.

This interesting and valuable point is not made in the

King James version. King James Version

Other passages in the Inspired Revision also disMatt. 26:28. For this is my blood of the new testacuss the innocence of little children. While in Galilee, ment, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.

Jesus said that "the Son of man is come to save that which was lost."(Matt. 18:11.) The corresponding Inspired Revision

verse in the Inspired Translation adds these important Matt. 26:24. For this is in remembrance of my blood

words: "... and to call sinners to repentance; but these of the new testament, which is shed for as many as

little ones have no need of repentance, and I will save shall believe on my name, for the remission of their them."sins.

At a later time, when Jesus had gone from Galilee into Judea, people brought little children unto him King James Version "that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and 1 Cor. 1:2324. But we preach Christ crucified, unto

the disciples rebuked them."(Ibid., 19:13.) Evidently the Jews a stumbling block, and unto the Greeks foolthe disciples felt that these Judeans had not heard ishness;

their Lord's teachings concerning little children. The But unto them which are called, both Jews and

Inspired Translation gives the reason why the disGreeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom ciples sought to prevent those who came with their of God.

little ones. Explained the disciples: "There is no need,

for Jesus hath said, Such shall be saved."Inspired Revision

These additions supplied by the Prophet not only 1 Cor. 2:2324. But we preach Christ crucified, unto

attest to the sinless state of childhood, but give an the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolotherwise unattainable insight into the reasons why ishness;

the disciples did not care to have the people come But unto them who believe, both Jews and Greeks,

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God. was shed for sins; and have not known wherein they

are accountable before me.

Thus it seems that belief is the determining factor in relation to one's salvation, rather than a preNone of this information is in the King James verdetermination on the part of God. sion, but is inserted between verses three and four of

It is also true that those who fail of salvation do so the seventeenth chapter of Genesis.

at their own volition, rather than by a predetermined The tablets of stone and the Law of Moses. When

judgment. Compare the following: Moses descended from the mount and found the

camp of Israel worshiping the golden calf, he threw

King James Version down the tablets of stone, breaking them to pieces.

Exod. 7:3-4. And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and (Exod. 32:19.) What followed after is very instructive

multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of with relation to some new tablets on which the Lord

Egypt. wrote his law. We quote from both texts:

But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine King James Version armies, and my people the children of Israel,... Exod. 34:1-2. And the Lord said unto Moses, Hew

thee two tables of stone like unto the first: and I will

Inspired Revision write upon these tables the words that were in the first

Exod. 7:3-4. And Pharaoh will harden his heart, as tables, which thou brakest.

I said unto thee; and thou shalt multiply my signs, and And be ready in the morning,...

my wonders, in the land of Egypt.

But Pharaoh will not hearken unto you, therefore Inspired Revision

I will lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine Exod. 34:1-2. And the Lord said to Moses, Hew

armies, my people, the children of Israel,... thee two other tables of stone, like unto the first, and

I will write upon them also, the words of the law,

The Inspired Translation does not place the reaccording as they were written at the first on the sponsibility for the hardness of Pharaoh's heart at the tables which thou brakest; but it shall not be accorddoorstep of the Lord, but upon the man himself. ing to the first, for I will take away the priesthood out

Status of Adam. In the King James version of Luke of their midst; therefore my holy order, and the orit is recorded that Seth was the "son of Adam, which dinances thereof, shall not go before them; for my

was the son of God."(Luke 3:38. ) The corresponding presence shall not go up in their midst, lest I destroy

verse of the Inspired Translation increases the meanthem.

ing of the passage by saying that Seth was the son of But I will give unto them the law as at the first,

Adam, "who was formed of God, and the first man but it shall be after the law of a carnal commandment;

upon the earth."(Luke 3:45.) Thus, not only Adam's for I have sworn in my wrath, that they shall not

divine origin, but his primacy among men is emphaenter into my presence, into my rest, in the days of sized. their pilgrimage. Therefore do as I have commanded

Blood of Abel. The Inspired Translation contains a thee, and be ready in the morning,...

reference to an apostate doctrine current in the days of Abraham, wherein people falsely trusted in the We see that while God issued a law on the second blood of Abel, rather than in the blood of Jesus Christ set of tablets, it was not necessarily the same law for their redemption. The whole passage is as follows: with the same ordinances of the higher priesthood,

but was a law of "carnal commandments"or the Law

Gen. 17:4-7. And God talked with him [Abram], of Moses. This clarifies a statement of Paul that the

saying, My people have gone astray from my precepts, law (of Moses) was "added"because of transgression.

and have not kept mine ordinances, which I gave unto (Gal. 3:19.)

their fathers; The subject is repeated in Deuteronomy 10:2 of the

And they have not observed mine anointing, and Inspired Revision.

the burial, or baptism wherewith I commanded them;

But have turned from the commandment, and taken Some Clarifications unto themselves the washing of children, and the blood of sprinkling; Many passages in the King James version tend to

And have said that the blood of the righteous Abel give impressions that are (Continued on page 236)

MARCH 1965 219 Priesthood Correlation in the Genealogy Program, the lesson manual recently studied in priesthood quorums throughout the Church, states on page 82: "While

the records gathered from all over the world are available in the library of the Genealogical Society in Salt Lake City, Utah, the Church is a worldwide organization and only a small portion of the Church population lives in and around Salt Lake City. There

is a need to make the resources of the Church available to its members regardless of where they live. It was

felt that the establishment of branch libraries on a regional or perhaps even on a stake basis in some areas would help make this information available to the people. BRANCH "The library of the Genealogical Society was established,... for the purpose of collecting, compiling, GENEALOGICAL establishing, and maintaining a genealogical library

are removed by distance from Salt Lake City have LIBRARIES for the use of its members. Since that time groups who

organized their own genealogical libraries to serve their communities. NOW BEING "Achieving standard library facilities presents special

ESTABLISHED difficultiesfinancial effort,to smallthe smallgroups.groupEvenis oftenwith notsubstantialable to

raise enough money to buy the books needed and to employ the requisite professional personnel. The cooperative approach on the part of all such libraries is

a solution to this problem. Libraries working together,

sharing their services and materials, can meet the full needs of their users. For this reason the Genealogical Society has begun establishing branch libraries in

which the resources of the main library can be made available to people living in the vicinity of these branch libraries. Several have now been established

and are functioning and others will be accepted and recognized as branch libraries as soon as they meet the standard set by the Genealogical Society."

This program for the organization of branch libraries is unfolding with gratifying success. The first branch,

established in May 1964, was the Utah Valley Branch

Genealogical Library, serving twentytwo stakes In the Brigham Young University, Central Utah, Provo, and Mt. Timpanogos regions. The valuable collection

of genealogical records gathered by the Utah County

Genealogical and Historical Society became a part of this new branch library, located on the fourth level of the Clark Library at Brigham Young University as a division in the history stacks. In addition there are

fifteen microfilm readers available for public use on which films borrowed from the main genealogical library in Salt Lake City may be viewed. This branch

is especially convenient for the over 600 students in genealogy classes at BYU, as well as for others seeking

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their ancestry. Special genealogical workshops have Additional acceptances are coming in every week,

been held at the library where specialists in family almost daily. As time goes on, more and more branch

research in various parts of Europe and America are libraries will be established upon invitation from the available to give individual assistance on personal Genealogical Society or upon application from the research problems. locality desiring to qualify as a branch.

In August 1964, the Cache Branch Genealogical Each branch library is governed by a board comLibrary officially began operation as a branch, servprised of the genealogical representative of each ing more specifically the seventeen stakes in the Cache region, if covering more than one region, and as many and Northern Utah regions as well as those in adjacent other representatives as are felt necessary. If the

areas. It has seven microfilm readers and more are branch library covers only one region, the board is to

needed. Nearly one hundred volunteer missionaries be comprised of a representative from each stake presigive freely and regularly of their services at appointed dency and as many others as are felt necessary. A

times to aid the public. Phyllis P. Preece, head librarchairman will be appointed by the board from its

ian, writes that regular intensive instruction has been members. A treasurer will be appointed by the board,

given these missionary workers. "They have attended and a librarian should also be appointed by the board

two classes a week, each class lasting seven hours a with the approval of the Genealogical Society.

day, and many have driven ninety miles one way. In The board is responsible to call personnel to serve

addition to attending these classes they are present on on the staff of the branch library and to organize their assigned day. My husband is teaching classes in financial support for maintaining the library. Each

the evening. I have a supervisor and an assistant branch library must be selfsupporting.

supervisor for each shift, and their willingness is Films, books, maps, etc., of the main library will be

heartwarming."Training is given in advanced research made available to the branch libraries. Requested

methods in the records of the various countries. books usually will be filmed and the film rather than

Each branch library is supplied with a film copy of the original volume sent out.

the entire locality file in the main library at Salt Lake Minimum requirements for branch library facilities

City. Patrons can consult this and order up to six rolls are a reading room large enough to accommodate two

of film at one time, paying a nominal charge of 50c reading machines with about twentyfive square feet per roll. The films are sent to the branch library and for each reader, a file cabinet for the films, tables,

may be retained there for use by the patron who chairs, etc. There should be at least two film reading

ordered them from ten days to two weeks. In this way, machines, so that one can be in use by a person

through the branch, the public may obtain access to searching the films of the locality file in order to find any of the films in the immense collection gathered and order desired films and the other be available to at great cost and effort by the Church over the years. persons actually consulting films of records received

Reports show that to December 1, 1964, 295 rolls of on loan.

film had been borrowed by these two branches. In A list of basic reference books will be sent to each

addition sixtyfour rolls of film had been secured on prospective branch. The branch should secure most

a payment of $2.50 per roll, to be kept indefinitely on of these books, unless access to them may be had in

deposit at the branch for permanent use there. These a nearby public library.

are usually films that will be of general use and called The library should be kept open a sufficient numfor frequently. ber of hours to serve the public adequately. This

The arrangements are working so smoothly and would include being open evenings for the benefit of satisfactorily in these two pilot branch libraries that those working during the day.

invitations have now been extended to fifteen other Elder Theodore M. Burton, vicepresident and genregions or areas to qualify as branches. Letters of eral manager of the Genealogical Society, has outlined

acceptance had been received by December 7 from these ten steps to be followed in preparing to be

Los Angeles and Oakland, California; Canada; Ariaccepted by the society as a branch library:

zona; St. George, Utah; Florida; and Rexburg, Idaho.

Branches will be located in the Bureaus of Information 1. Organize a branch library board.

in connection with the temples at Los Angeles, Card- 2. Choose a chairman and appoint a treasurer.

ston, Mesa, and St. George, and at Rexburg will utilize 3. Submit for approval by the society the name of

library facilities at Ricks College. The Oakland library the proposed head librarian, with a statement of his

will be located in the interstake center near the qualifications and experience. When approved, he will

temple. serve as executive (Continued on page 235)

MARCH 1965 221 LIGHT YOU NEVER

It's delightful to watch a rainbow, but light you'll The skin, though, is quite colorblind. So infrared

never see proves much more useful. One night it led colors, which include all radiated heat, will "look"

rescuers to little Ruth Rolfe, after her pony pitched alike to our skin, and each one causes only warmth.

her off on a Utah desert, seven miles from home. To separate these colors into their different IR

It did this by flashing Ruth's IR silhouette, described vibration speeds, the scientist uses a spectroscope. It

below. What is this invisible light, which may soon tells the colors apart as clearly as we distinguish a

brighten your own community and home? traffic light's red and green.

Ordinary rainbows range from vivid violet at the Besides that, it registers the brightness of each top down to radiant red below. But do the colors hue. It can actually draw a curve, a profile of the

really end with the red? IR power. This curve shows the slow vibrations at

"Not exactly,"Professor James Collins told a Boston one end, the fast at the other end, and each vibraseminar. "Colors keep progressing down into infration's strength.

red, deep hues invisible to human eyes, though some Such profiles differ for every chemical. (See Fig. 1.)

animals see them. Infrared (IR) is now serving us They resemble silhouettes that identify people, like

in churches, offices, and homes. It also operates Hitchcock's on TV, which you spot instantly. And

strange new inventions vital to national and each profile is as individual as your fingerprints.

civil defense.""Using the IR profile to identify a drug,"said a

"Infra"(Latin, "below") refers to colors vibrating Salt Lake City manufacturing chemist, "now makes below red, the bottom speed that affects our eyes. sure we label medicines correctly. In the old days a

Such IR, though unseen, is not a bit mysterious. It certain man bought hair restorer to treat two bald

compares with the bottom bass notes on the nearly spots. It turned out to be depilatory, so now he has

11,000 pipe Salt Lake Tabernacle organ—notes so low only one. That's impossible these days, for our facthat some older folks cannot hear them. tory takes each product's IR portrait, to check

For musical tones, we normally hear a range of the label."

ten octaves. But no one can see light through a range The same system protects you while driving a car.

of one whole octave. Petroleum gushes from oil wells with gasoline, oil,

"Like my parrot,"said Professor Collins. "He propane—scores of products. Each shows its own

squawks only six notes. A similar tiny group of light profile, which oil refiners recognize. They discard

vibrations is all we can see: violet, blue, green, some sharply reacting components, and so help reduce

yellow, orange, red—six major rainbow colors. Or eyesmarting smog.

seven, if like our grandfathers, you count indigo In modern factories the profile itself detects chemibetween violet and blue. All other vibrations, either cal reactions and directs the processing. Such autofaster or slower, find us blind."mation reduces costs and cuts prices on good paints

Students asked what infrared colors look like. and detergents.

"All jet black, to us. To some dogs, and other IR not only detects reactions—it can also cause

animals that react, who knows? My parrot's descripthem. After manufacturers paint an automobile they

tion is unprintable."run it into the oven lined with IR lamps. Their rays

Visible colors are easy to create, needing only sunquickly evaporate or oxidize the solvent and give shine or a searchlight, with a glass prism. It breaks smoother surfaces; then the longlasting finish needs

up the light into glorious hues. less polishing.

All colors down in the infrared will register on a Yet these heat rays are not always welcome, espeperson's skin as gentle heat. On cold mornings it feels cially to a railroad. When they radiate from the

so comforting to switch on a radiant heater and warm bearings of an old freight car, they are the symptoms up the bathroom. Your skin senses its cozy of a menacing hotbox. Such a defective bearing of

warmth immediately. course must be corrected immediately or it may derail

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEE BY VAN S. TAYLOR

the car, as happened in 1962 near Abilene, Texas.

"It tipped over a food car,"said a Southern Pacific train dispatcher, "and scattered its fresh groceries.

Kids swarmed about, to gobble grapes and kick around the spinach. Nowadays we station IR detectors every few miles along the tracks. As a crippled

car whizzes by, they flash me a danger signal. I

radio the engine driver to slow down until he can pull into a siding for repairs. So most freight trains

go through faster, to bring you fresher vegetables."

Bankers also applaud IR for foiling safecrackers.

In this new scheme, imagine searchlights projected in a hall of mirrors. Beams of light crisscross like

jaywalkers at a circus. If intruders break a beam, it

winks an electric eye, to sound the alarm.

But have you ever seen shafts of sunshine that light up dancing dust, or smoke? Bandits would notice

the searchlight beams, and would crawl by them with disdain.

Instead, banks use invisible infrared. Two burglars

started to crack a Memphis safe deposit vault. First

they puffed smoke around, expecting it to show up any light rays. They didn't suspect IR until the

police nabbed them.

Besides working for industry, infrared also enhances home life. It is a boon to sufferers from arthritis; a

medical IR lamp often gives blessed relief. Its gentle,

penetrating warmth can soothe and heal many minor aches, but it is important to follow the doctor's orders in its use.

It also helps in major operations, by monitoring the carbon dioxide a patient exhales. The anesthetist,

watching the meters, lets him breathe without pain, yet with perfect safety.

For everyday uses, consider the newspaper. The

printing ink on modern highspeed presses must dry instantly, or it smudges.

"Automated shops,"said a news pressman, "use instant IR heat. This gives sharp, cleancut printing,

especially in photos and line drawings. Once our

infra failed, and the cartoon faces streaked badly. It

aged Orphan Annie by forty years."

Another common use of IR occurs in homes and churches heated by steam or hot water. The radiators

transfer up to fortyfive ( Continued on following page )

MARCH 1965 223

M6S Light You Never See Professor Collins advised, "use the ance on the hot exhaust gases of an darkest flat paint that harmonizes enemy jet plane.

with your decor. Otherwise it's It makes no difference how the

(Continued from preceding page) like sunshine streaking in through jet twists and loops, trying in desdirty windows."peration to shake off its avenger.

percent of their heat into the room The foregoing benefits accrue to Our missile, with higher speed, will by radiation, the rest by convection. industry and to your home. And IR "home in"on the infrared, and like a

But some caretakers make the misalso promotes national and civil hawk stalking a rat, will swoop right take of painting radiators with bright defense. up the jet's exhaust nozzle.

colors or aluminum. These are poor Indeed, it is so important that the The enemy, though, needn't be a

finishes to release infrared, either Pentagon plans to spend $100 million flier, for IR works at night to take directly or through registers and a year on IR research and developpictures or to reveal troop movegrills. ment. Already our "Sidewinder"ments. Our IR detector, "Snooper-

"For quick, efficient radiation,"and later missiles can focus guidscope,"spots even a single soldier in total darkness.

"The enemy,"said a Marine captain, "may skulk forward in blackest night, while we watch calmly. Instantly he's captured. Yet he

THE RESOLVE NOT TO BE needn'ttrigger atcome98 Fahrenheit,close, for IRbodydetectorsheat, child away."seven miles or.. on a man USELESS. led that application the This was

rescuers to little Ruth Rolfe, lying out on a lone Utah desert one night,

RICHARD L. EVANS with a broken leg. Her IR profile

differed from that of the surroundWe have spoken of problems, of difficulties and discouragement, and of ing sand.

the heroism of keeping a home, a family going and together, of meeting Extending the range, the Pentaobligations, of carrying the duties and activities of every day. Among the gon finds IR beats radar, except for

most discouraging factors of life is the feeling that one cannot do well longer distances. It is much cheaper,

enough, that he doesn't have the promise, the possibilities—that there is no and it reveals low flying planes,

significant usefulness, or success, or satisfaction, no real promise for the without radar's blind spots. It also

future. But most of those who are discouraged have reason to be more hopelaughs at enemy jamming, and any

ful than they are and have more blessings than they have counted and more flying objects like tinsel; even atomic

possibilities than appear. Helen Keller, who had obstacles almost beyond what radiation from nuclear blasts won't

it. said: calculated, becould humanly can do anything "We we want to if we disturb

air reconnaissance, it can Besides it stick to 1 This is long enough."courageous a most and remarkable comment

from such a source. But it is true that there are limitations on talent, that "see"through thick layers of earth.

anyone can't be everything. But almost anyone can contribute somethingEnemies may bury their secret facsomething that gives real service and real satisfaction. Sometimes the gift, tories deep underground and plant

the talent, of some is to encourage others, to see the realization in others of forests over them, thinking them what they themselves couldn't accomplish. This is often true of parents who safely concealed.

take so much satisfaction in seeing their children exceed them. The true Yet our planes with IR detectors

teacher receives success and satisfaction in the student that exceeds him. can sense the heat given off by the

The coach, the trainer, receives his satisfaction in the athlete who succeeds. steam or electric power that runs

Behind every front runner are many who have helped. There are many roles these factories. It shows up as a

in life, and some are supporting roles, and virtually there is no one who black blob on the map, a prime cannot render some real sendee and in doing so feel that he is, in fact, and bombing target.

in a solid sense, successful. Phillips Brooks said: "Blessed is the life which IR detectors also draw charts of

grows itself into the consciousness of how strong a man is who with the roads used by enemy trucks at average powers of a man keeps his integrity and purity, becomes ever more night. Heavy travel warms up the

so they appear highways, main also theupright lives of other and encourages and pure, that big men.... He

lines a penon ink resembling black,.. talents, received also gained two. other hehad. Blessed is [he] two

who, neither very rich nor very poor, neither very joyous nor very sad, cil sketch. Unlike some filling staneither very wise nor very ignorant, neither very strong nor very weak, has tion maps, IR never shows a little

done his duty bravely and unselfishly.... What soul could ask for better road that isn't there, nor misses a

destiny or praise than that?"2 "You will find,"wrote John Ruskin, "that the lurking detour.

mere resolve not to be useless, and the honest desire to help other people, This reliability of IR and its will, in the quickest and delicatest ways, improve yourself."3 growing use in industry, home and

civil defense make it a scientific

Keller, iHelen 1880attention. worth your marvel It may

2Phillips Talents. Brooks, Two The Mnn wtih

life, critic, on soon impinge English ( 18191900), 3John Ruskin your own essayist, and social reformer.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia though you will never glimpse any of

Broadcasting System, November 8, 1964. Copyright 1964. its many colors.

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy Carefree Convenience

*te*u—**** 'i- Jim

iLL UNION P A<

I

-.rx..,,....

when you travel Union Domeliner

A vacation or business trip on any one of Union Pacific's fleet of Domeliners is as restful and relaxing as a leisurely ocean cruise. And now, while it's not crowded,

is the ideal time to travel. Through picture windows you'll see—at eye level—the

beauty of the Union Pacific West.

Money saving Family Fares apply to both Pullman and Coach travel. Food—both

snacks and delicious Domediner dinners—is freshly prepared... just for you. Baggage allowances are generous. And most of all, you'll travel carefree and carfree

without weather worries.

Your U.P. representative or travel agent can answer all your

questions about exact fares, routings and reservations. /

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Chal lenger""City of San Francisco""City of Portland""City of Denver""City of St. Louis"

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD See your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket office

225MARCH 196S H isSince Cumorah Page 100: A discourse by Nephi Page 440: Here Jesus himself

on Satan's modus operandi in this addressing the people to whom he (Continued from page 213) world; he prophesies the final gathhas appeared after the resurrection,

There is a description of the way ering of Israel and describes the showing them how all the prophets in which civilizations are suffused conditions under which it is to spoke of him.

through virgin lands. take place. Page 460: The tenyear-old MorPage 80: Entirely taken up with To save space let us skip from mon receives instructions on the

quotations from Isaiah: we have the first hundred to the last huncare of sacred records in the bad

already seen some indication of dred pages. Page 420: Describes times ahead. A year later he goes

how daring and ingenious these the aftermath of a major, and very with his father to Zarahemla and

Isaiah translations can be. accurately depicted, earthquake. is overwhelmed by the sight of the

place. A complicated local war is

raging at the time.

Page 480: Takes us back thousands of years to the great disper-

* BLOCK THE BEGINNINGS t sionsomefromdetailthe theTower,naturedescribingof thosein protohistoric migrations.

Page 500: The odd customs of

Jaredite kings are described—howRICHARD L, EVANS

they spend their days in captivity.

Along with the importance of beginning what should be done, of which Prophets, including Ether, go forth we spoke last week, there is also the importance of not beginning what among the people.

shouldn't be done. This suggests two or three citations, one from Amiel, Page 520: Moroni, having finwho nearly a century ago said: "We shut our eyes to the beginnings of ished his sad history, finds time

evil because they are small, and in this weakness lies the germ of our defeat. Principiis obsta [resist the beginnings]: this maxim closely folon his hands; he prescribes an acid

lowed would preserve us from almost all our misfortunes."1 The second test for the truth of his book and

comes from Thomas a Kempis: "We must be watchful, especially in the discourses on the various gifts of

beginning of temptation, because then the enemy is more easily overthe Spirit.

come, if he is not suffered to come in at all at the door of the soul, but But enough, the reader can conis kept out and resisted at his first knock. Whence a certain man said,

'Withstand the beginning....'"2 "A fool beholdeth only the beginning tinue for himself. Here we have

of his works, but a wise man taketh heed to the end."3 If, in our deselected at random 1/26 of the

cisions, we were to look at the full length, at the ultimate, at the end, pages of the Book of Mormon frequently we would never take the first step, and would avoid the and from each have taken just dabbling with, the trifling with, the flirting with; the assuming that a an item or two. This sort of exlittle compromise, a little evil, a little indiscretion won't matter much.

We would avoid the first indulgence in something that could become a ercise is a good way of calling habit. Often there is rationalizing, saying it is only this once or only a attention to the dense compactness

little compromise, a little evil, a little indiscretion won't matter much, of the book's contents, the remarkhimself that he didn't intend to put back what he took—but from a small ably even distribution of material,

too the big to back. Perhapsbeginning put drunkard no becomes amount

to his control. let a habit intendedever Perhaps beyond grow no man in the easy, competent, confident, undegradation, in disgrace, ever intended to be where he was. Things come encumbered handling of vast and

often by small steps, by small degrees, by "small"compromises of princomplicated detail. Where else will

ciple, by holding the door a little ajar, by holding the mind a little open one find such inexhaustible invenfor the enticement of temptation; by accepting what supposedly is just tion combined with such unerring

a little unlawful, immoral, assumes he can someone improper, by who accuracy and consistency? To put reverse anytime himselfcontrol the process and and circumstances both

he wants to. But no man who is foolish enough to begin what he shouldn't it facetiously but not unfairly, the

begin can be sure at what point he may lose control of himself or the artist must not only balance a bowl situation. The very act of opening leaves doubt that the door can be of goldfish and three lighted

completely closed. "Sometimes when I consider what tremendous consecandles on the end of a broomstick

little things,"fromquences come wrote Bruce Barton, "... I am tempted while fighting off a swarm of gadto; things."4 are.. there think. no little

flies, but he must at the same time

iAmiel, 1870. 23, Journal, February be carving an immortal piece of

Imitation a Kempis, of Christ, Book i, chapter 13.2Thomas

3Author unknown. statuary from a lump of solid dio4Bruce Barton.

rite. In an undertaking like this,

Square, presented Word,"from Temple"The Spoken over KSL and the Columbia merely to avoid total confusion and 6, 1964. 1964. Copyright System,Broadcasting December

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN '100PAYS WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are

excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting the first day

you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drinksickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. liquor everything or On Fill application mail right below out and so for pay premiums why fully amazingly low you're protected—at will policy approval, your away. be Upon those do? who rates! at mailed. begins Coverage promptly noon in see newspaper your dayEvery you policy. of date deDon't your on effective 3. loss for benefits that drinking evidence smoking and Othermore lay. people enter almost Every day 50,000 life. of America'sshorten one They're now of 90 accident days within hospitals. protection get your now. So causeleading health prime problems—a policy). in described (as pay $2000 We hospitalirates highof the most premium accidental cash for death. $2000 cash Or

policies charge.zation foot, of loss or sight of hand, for one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

loss over for carefully. of eye. policy your cash minRead both your Ask $6000 one Or rates are your based on Our ister, it. lawyer doctor sure and examine Be feet. eyes, hands, or both both

it it provides exactly what say Then, towe health, superior all satisat not if for reason are you any 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just policy back mail within us your invite close 30 comparison We

will fied,days and immediately enwe refund your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offer low tion unbelievably Plan can you

. dollars thousands risk nothing. gain..you of is like ours. comActually, other But no drinkers accept rates because not do we

save. rates. See what pare you rates. Also, cause smokers, highand who

your premiums can never be raised beolder or cause have you grow too many tear 2J!12.--LI?SLLEI2IIE1TJ29.1AJ1 rate claims. adjustment a general Only

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300 cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD #.Zone..County..State.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age.Date of Birth.

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation,.Height..Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and 3.

sicknesses, 4.

except pregnancy, war or miliany act of accidents preexisting tary service, or andTo thefreebestfromof anyyourphysicalknowledgeimpairment,and belief,or disease?are you andYesall membersNo listed above in good health To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above Qlisted had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table belew and include year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please Yes stating person affected, cause, date, name and address premium with application.

fully recovered. of attendingG No physician,G whether and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays $280 $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date: Signed:X,

Each adult ATIAT 65100 pays $590 *59 Mail this application with your first premium to 2790

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Liberfyville, Illinois

MARCH 1965 227 complete disaster would be a superwas convinced that he knew just and as we have seen, the authenhuman achievement. where the Bible—and the Book of ticity of an ancient writing can be

But that is not the assignment—Mormon—came from. Those were judged only in terms of what it

that is only a coincidental detail the days when they knew all the claims for itself, never of what to the main business at hand, which answers, but today new tests are others may claim for it. Otherwise

is, with all this consummately skilbeing applied to the Bible text, and one might begin by assuming that ful handling of mere technical dewe suggest the same tests for the the Book of Mormon was written tail, to have something significant Book of Mormon. by an Eskimo hunter, a Celebesian

to say; not merely significant, but A forgery is defined by specialfisherman, or a New York farmer,

profound and moving, and so releists in ancient documents as "any and from there proceed to seek out vant to the peculiar conditions of document which was not produced anything and everything in its our own day as to speak to our ears in the time, place, and manner pages that might confirm the with a voice of thunder. claimed by it or its publisher."theory. That won't do, because

One stands aghast at the pre- (Wilrich.) The Book of Mormon literary evidence can always be

sumption of those journalists, proobligingly gives full information contrived, even unconsciously, by fessors, and hackwriters who regarding the time, place, and manan ingenious and dedicated interthrough the years have made merry ner of its production. All we have preter. What, then, is the Book of

over the quaint language and unto do is to check these claims. Mormon about by its own assertion?

familiar subject matter of the Book How? Against what evidence? By First of all, the Book of Mormon

of Mormon while choosing to the same methods and using the is not a history of the ten tribes, as ignore its unparalleled scope and same evidence now employed to inmany supposedly able critics have mastery. One is amazed by the easy vestigate the Bible. For the two assumed; it is not a history of the

effrontery of those who still assure books belong to the same universe Indians, but only of some very us that anyone with a little time on of discourse, not only spiritually remote relatives of theirs living in his hands and an open Bible at his but also culturally and historically. a distant age with a totally difelbow could produce a Book of If the Book of Mormon were a ferent culture; it does not describe

Mormon. work on mathematics, it should be or designate any known ancient

The very least the candid student submitted before all to mathemapeople, civilization, or individual can do is to admit that we are up ticians for intelligent criticism; if it in the Western Hemisphere, nor

against a problem here—there are were a book on chemistry, chemists does it designate any recognized

things about the production of the should be called in; if it were about place, city, or territory in the New

Book of Mormon which we simply primitive races and customs, anWorld—even Cumorah receives

do not understand. This was frankthropologists might with caution only limited recognition and only

ly admitted in Joseph Smith's day,42 be consulted; if it claimed to be a by Latterday Saints. Strangely

and the whole corpus of literature work on philosophy, we might subenough, nearly all Book of Mormon devoted to exposing the Book of mit it to the examination of phicriticism in the past, whether favorMormon succeeds only in exposing losophers; if it were put forth as a able or unfavorable, has rested on

the confusion of its authors.43 masterpiece of American literature, one or more of these false assumpStudents of the Bible now find the English department might be tions. All have expended their powthemselves in the same situation. invited to comment. ers in examining not what the Book

Thirty years ago every seminarist But it claims to be none of these, of Mormon claims for itself, but only what others have claimed for it.

On the other hand, the book does

MARCH designate known cities and terriBY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER tories in the Old World—there is

March bustles in on breezy feet no dispute as to where Jerusalem

To make the earth look clean and neat. or the Red Sea is; it does supply

She flicks away the winters dust specific dates in terms of absolute

And every bit of grime and rust.

She tips cloud buckets in the sky chronology—a tremendous aid to

Until rain splatters, low and high. any serious investigation; it does

Then with her broom of winds she leaps designate wellknown individuals,

First here, then there, and sweeps and sweeps. peoples, and civilizations in the

At last she says, with head a-bob: Old World; it does explain fully

"No one could do a better job!

Come, April, now you can array the Old World cultural background

Earth so she'll be Queen of the May!"of its authors, describing how that

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -1964That was the year that was

...for safety!

In 60 years of copper production in Utah, there never was a safer year than 1964. The accident frequency rate for the year

was 0.86—less than one losttime accident per million man

hours worked.

In establishing 1964 as the safest year ever, the entire Division worked more than 3,140,000 man hours without a single accident that kept a man off the job.

The Refinery operated for the full year without a losttime accident. The Bingham Canyon

Mine worked 2,310,000 man hours without a disabling injury and set a new low frequency mark of 0.93. The frequency

rate at the Magna and Arthur Concentrators dropped to 0.82,

while the Smelter maintained its alltime record which tops the entire industry.

Truly, that was the year that was, for safety at Kennecott.

How was it accomplished?

Through the joint efforts of everyone at Kennecott—employees, supervisors, unions,

safety engineers and management. They set a goal for safety,

and they more than reached it.

They look back to the year that was with justifiable pride.

At the same time they look forward to the year that is to be with determination. Their new

goal—an even safer 1965.

Utah Kennecott Copper Corporation Copper

Division

MARCH 1'965 229 MEN'S WEAR FOR ALL... culture was transplanted into a new fied to him... without a written

Regular land with certain resulting changes; word, and one in some detail, you

BIG itlinguisticdoes indicatetraditionstheof literaryits authors,and politicalcan have systems,no knowledgeof ethicalof socialor legalor or and tells how the migrants viewed codes...."45 In a word, it is to the

their own situation, zealously prewritten word that we must turn if

TALL serving their traditions and always we would test the Book of Mormon, conscious of the central, perennial, specifically to that very literature

Near Eastern coreculture from from whose common background which they sprang. it purports to have sprung.

The authors of the Book of MorAnd here we find ourselves in an mon carefully explain that they are awkward situation. The geologist

writing a very specialized history, can impart edifying information to confining their attention to the the most ignorant audience by doings of one particular and nushowing them a piece of rock and merically very minor religious talking about it; a botanist can tell

group, whose peculiar traditions us something important about a they trace back to a long line of plant we have never seen before;

Messianic prophets who used to even sophisticated mathematical seek refuge along with their folideas can be conveyed by an able lowers in the deserts of Judaea. teacher to the mathematically

To whom, then, should the Book ignorant, and one can learn someof Mormon be submitted for critithing basic about the stars the very cism? Plainly to those who today first time one hears an astronomer

are at grips with the documents talk about them. But an ancient

Salt Lake City, Utah that hold the keys to both Jewish manuscript means nothing whatever

Paul J. Lund, Prop. and Christian history. to a person who has not already

Recently a Protestant journal of laid a broad and solid foundation wide circulation reported with in its language.

obvious satisfaction that there is All discussions of the facsimiles "no nonMormon archaeologist who in the Pearl of Great Price, for exholds that the Indians descended ample, soon grind to a halt because from the Jews, or that Christianity the disputants are not discussing was known in the New World bethe text at all, but simply throwing fore Columbus."44 That is hardly names and "authorities"at each

surprising. For years we have other. It is as if a coterie of blind

pointed out that such results are men after reading in Braille the

Special for.. only to be expected as long as writings of various eminent art

uUoftmon beddings wrongpeople thingsinsist inon thelookingwrong forplaces.the critics,debate wereaboutto theengagerelativein a heatedmerits

Invitations, Napkins,Reception if a deaf L.D.S. How could an archaeologist, of all of certain painters; or as etc., featuringAlbums,

temple designs. (Conventional people, hope to prove "that the mute after reading works on musistyles for $5.95.) 100 Write Indians descended from the Jews, cology were to compare the beaucatalogfor FREE and samples.

or that Christianity was known in ties of various compositions. SuchREXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 63440

(Catalog sent airmail for 25c) the New World before Columbus"? a level of discussion is possible, but

As one of the world's foremost it has no real substance whatever.

From start literary, discussing "SPECIAL

Composer* religious subjects and OCCASIONthe7 SamplerLibrary SONGS"ofSeries archaeologistsfirst thing that recentlymust be rememberedwrote, "The Whenhistorical,we

Each collection contains 5 Octavo or 3 Solo is the fact... that material eviwhose content is drawn from texts

arrangements.—Price $1.00 plus 10c postage

dence will give material results. we cannot read, we are not talking

#18A Relief Society thru the year SASSA #18B Special Songs for R. S. Lessons SSA You cannot, from archaeological about the subject at all, but only

for Music Mormons by Mormons #13C Solos evidence, inform yourself on man's comparing other people's opinions

Solos Indians Pioneers and #16A #20A The Mothers Sing SSA ideas, beliefs, fears or aspirations. regarding it.

#12A Lyrics for Little People 1 and 2 Part You cannot understand what his The clue to identifying and unPlace ORDERS or requests for REE brochure with works of art or craftsmanship signiderstanding the old Christian and

VILATE R. MCALLISTER, 1365 E. 4800 So.,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 "We choose to share not shelve"

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WORSHIP THE LORD IN CHAPELS OF BEAUTY

The everlasting beauty of brick produced in new and rich colors, combined with architectural excellence and building skill, creates chapels for worship that will stand in beauty for the ages.

BRICK BUILDS BETTER FOR LESS

COMPANY

SALT LAKE CITY

.,MlMiMg-*nJgli.l<i.'ii

iittwliiiiwiwsailfliwflMp* = M \ i j J if III

I if ill 111 1

'II H I 'Hi. hH Illng.

i 1. I t I 1 I i I f I M M i!! U I If

MARCH I860 231 Jewish texts is the fact that they tion, then we might design a ma- "draw from a common reservoir of chine to duplicate the process. But

terminology and ideas."40 When it has never been done, because we

we are told that "practically all cannot even imagine a perfect commentators have been amazed at translation—the very concept eludes

the similarity between the textus.

form of the scrolls and that of the A perfect translation would have

New Testament; it is the most to convey, imply, suggest, hint,

phenomenal aspect of the whole recall, and suppress the same things discovery,"47 or that "echoes of New ( no more and no less ) in the mind PACKED VACUUM

PEANUT BRITTLE Ws Fun/ Testament thoughts and phraseof its reader that the original does original; are in the scrolls; clear ology espeof the to a reader it would 100% PROFIT

cially apocalyptic identical to those to bring having images have 48 we are brought to the minds of the two readers. But $60.00NOCASH INVESTMENTevery time 10 members of your associations,"

sell group 12 cans each of OldFashioned Pearealize that in this field of study the only reason we have a translaat nut Brittle $1.00 can. per

100% PROFIT!

group only 50c Theeach—sellquart sizefor $1.00!cans cost your "key words and phrases are an tion in the first place is that the

lc! INVESTMENT! OrderNO EVEN NOT 120 index to thought."49 Translation two readers do not live in the same

to 1200 cans today. Take to 30 days up to send

payment. Give your name, title, phone number destroys all the clues. world and therefore do not have

and complete address, the name, address, etc.

of 2nd officer, group, quantity name of of each The fond hopes of a few years the same images. A word designatdesired, and nearest Freight (no Office parcel

post). Extras sent FREE to cover shipping cost ago that we would soon have elecing even as simple a thing as a

ONLY!east of Rockies.WRITE OFFERTODAY!OPEN TO GROUPS tronic translators have today been house or a tree suggests quite difdismissed by one who is generally ferent pictures to people living in

as the world's foremost different parts of the world, and VERNE COLLIER regarded authority on machine translation. it is the genius of a language to

Dept. 5-16 Yehoshua BarHillel states: "The bring to mind the peculiar images,

900 North 19th Street machine will never be able to desituations, moods, and memories of

BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMAjaI liver flawless translation of scienthe culture that produced it, andP tific or technical works [by far the of no other. A language produces

easiest to translate], if only because almost automatically a photographic 51 If we JCeif Vo the relationships between a lanlikeness of just one culture. (fm

guage and the ideas it seeks to try to switch or substitute photoSECRETARIAL express are by no means simple and graphs, all kinds of explanations

SCIENCE direct.... The precise meaning of and clarifications are necessary, and DATA

PROCESSING is is often only a sentence in that translation apparent MARKETING that every why

ACCOUNTING MANAGEMENT its context, strives to the reader exact which must be must fall back

PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT continually elaborate machine and which a explanaon INSTITUTE understand,

Write for Free Catalog LDS

. can never understand. tory notes. So D... The learn a language SAUNDERS MR. L we

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

TEMPLE - SALT 411 E. SO. LAKE CITY, UTAH sooner we realize that the perfect not in order to translate, but betranslation machine is an illusion, cause there is so much in that

the sooner we can turn our attenlanguage that can never be transtion to pursuing a real improvement lated. CHI'S TOURS in linguistic communication."50 179 SOUTH STATE ST. Our subject, it will be recalled, is PHONE 3221205

Salt 1 Lake City, Utah 841 More recently the same authority hidden treasures, and the earth

Join us in these Fabulous Exciting and Tours

THE HOLY LAND & MIDDLE EAST jointly with J. Wiesner stated that itself is hardly more efficient in

March 31st for 21 Days "the human translator... is often hiding ancient messages than is the

THE EXOTIC ORIENT the fascinating 24 Days to explore Orient obliged to make use of extralinguistic convention in which they

Apr. 1 and June 10 linguistic knowledge which someare conveyed. Indeed, it would now

With extension to the South Pacific

NEW YORK THEATRE TOUR times has to be of considerable appear that a large part of the

Enjoy Six (6) most popular Broadway Shows breadth and depth."50 This rules newly found records is written, so

at Easter Time.

Hawaii, Mexico, Europe, South America the machine out either as a serious to speak, in code.

others. and

Write or call for further information assistant or competitor, for every word of an ancient religious text is FOOTNOTES

RENT BEAUTY loaded with extralinguistic associa- *K. W. Clark, in Davies and Daube,

ARTIFICIALS FINEST QUALITY cit., 42. op. 30, 31, pp. tions. If anyone had ever produced

TREES ACCESSORIES FLOWERS in C. C. McCown, Journal of Biblias SIZE such a thing a perfect ANY COLOR translacal Literature, 12f. 75, pp.

SALE - ANYINSTRUCTION RENT OR BURNHAM'S INC.

625 E. 5th So. Salt Lake City, Utah

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 A cracker box that won't make you mad!

(Filled with saltines that'll make you happy.)

SEE OPENING

INSTRUCTIONS ON TOP PANEl. NEW! CRISPLOCK TOP

rr;ii?fi?SW i:i.>fc;fe;-.Yrt.*im;,,;,; * '''"'

NET WT.

ONE POUND

.;.-.;.,-.'..,. J:...:.-..,.....,.;.':..:';;..

We couldn't improve our saltines if we tried, but look what we did to our box, No outer wrapper to fool with. It's simple to open and close. Even relocks itself to keep all eight

(8) packs of saltines crisp and fresh. We figure our saltines deserve it. We figure you do,

too. Supreme 8-pack saltines. From the Kitchen Rich people. (Wouldn't you know it?)

Store it in any position.

An Ideal Camera for Missionaries—YASHICA

L-5000 35mm CAMERA with case

You'd expect to pay twice as much for a camera with all of these outstanding features! It has a splitimage

rangefinder, rapid rewind and advance, ASA from 10 to 800 and many other extras. It truly is an ideal

camera for missionaries! Easy to operate... easy

to get perfect black and white or color pictures.

SPEEDS TO 1/1000 SEC. Reg. $104.95

CDS METER FOR BETTER PICTURES SAVE $25

BUILTIN TIMER NOW ONLY includingcase FAST f 1.8 LENS $7995

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1.00 a Week!

MAIL COUPON TODAY Send me the Yashica L-5000 35mm 'Camera sale priced at only $79.95. I will pay on

easy terms. Come in.

Name Phone or Wife's Name Address Order bv City & State Mail!

City: Dr. Lake 273 S. Main Highland - 155 S. Main - 2190 Employed by Salt

St. Blvd. Provo: Washington Center Ogden: 2443 161 W.

Credit Reference Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

MARCH 1965 233 2,C. L. Mitton, in Expository Times,

71 (1960), p. 337.

*W. F. Albright, Archaeology of Palestine, p. 240.

W. Schneemelcher, Neutestamentliche

Apokryphen (Tubingen: Mohr, 1959), I,

Mitton, op. cit., p. 339.

31C. H. Dodd, in Davies and Daube,

op. cit., pp. 75f.

32Schneemelcher, op. cit., p. 339.

Mitton, loc. cit. As late as 175 AD

there were Christians who would not accept any writing that went under the name of John. Schneemelcher, I, 11.

",4Schneemelcher, op. cit., I, 44f. The

efforts of Marcion and Tatian to unite the three Gospels into one were based on the assumption ( 1 ) that the gospels were apostolic, but (2) that they had been

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY subjectedibid., I, 1112,to fallible human manipulation,

History, V, Eusebius, Church 25;

op. cit., PURCHASES KNABE—Schneemelcher, was I, 9. There

THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA atwrittenfirst abytendencythe Apostles,to canonizeand thenanythingto attribute to the Apostles whatever one wanted to canonize, whether written by

You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine them Or not.

Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome Ibid., I, 12: The canon grew up

churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe? "slowly... separatein theChurchvarious provinces."collections Byof thethe

middle of the second century the four

Gospels had by no means received genChurch and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano eral acceptance, ibid., p. 11.

specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional Ibid., I, 8: It was in the 70's and

musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and de80's that a written Ersatz took the place pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the ofApostlesthe originalthemselves"oralwroteutterances."little; theirThe

Metropolitan Opera. testimony was fixed in writing only after

their departure, ibid., p. 9. This agrees

with Eusebius, Church History.

Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and reIrenaeus, adv. Haereses, I, 27, 4.

cit. loc. ceive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many Eusebius,

I, op. cit., calls Schneemelcher, 9, 46, quality features of Knabe. the for Ersatz Gospels the spoken "an

reports,"p. 8. The word evangelion

(gospel) shows this since it indicates properly "something nonliterary: A glad

message delivered by word of mouth,"ibid., 41; it means specifically "an oral

message,"ibid., p. 42f.

"Ibid., I, 4647.

"The Ersatz was supplied because it was something much nearer to the heart's desire, H. Nibley, in Church History, 30

(1961), pp. 3-4.

42F. Kirkham, A New Witness for

Christ in America (Independence, Mo.:

East Rochester, N.Y. Zion's Printing and Publishing Company,

Signature of Quality Pianos 1947), pp. 129137. A See our "Mixed Voices"in The Improvement Era, 62 (1959), pp. 145ff,

and subsequent issues.

"Christianity Today, 8 (August 28,

COMING TO SALT LAKE? 1964),45S. Piggott,p. 42. The Dawn of Civilization

MAKE (New48W. York:Albright,McGrawHill,in Davies 1961),and Daube,p. 15.

SE RANCHO MOTOR op. cit., p. 169.

HOTEL mente"]. Wissenschaft,Roberts, Zeitschrift62 (1950),fur p.altesta230,

*SW YOUR HEADQUARTERS ""Ibid., p. 241.

THIS CONFERENCE TIME! 4flL. J. Liebreich, in Jewish Quarterly

Review, 273. p. 46,

...... FEATURES toEVERY everything So close downtown, ROOM 50F. Cross, in Biblical M. ArchaeThe travel industry, business, endepots, hifi* Private recorded music phone, ologist, 16. February p. 1954, hospitals. tertainment, clean and Make* radio with antenna and TV power New in See, R. Science, 5CQuoted by 8, May your and Se Rancho wholesome home* hour switchboard 24 message and

first is 621. p.. 1964,.. quotation The from this from time home and away service

* Ample offstreet parking every time you're in Salt Lake... Die Zeit, undated.

* JUST 4'/2 BLOCKS FROM TEMPLE and best of all... superb services 6lC. S. Coon, The Story of Man ( New

SQUARE... at low, low rates. York: Knopf, 1962) pp. 1819.

SALT LAKE SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL No.640TempleWest

234 THB IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogy (Continued from page 221)

board. of thesecretary

train competent perRegularly 4. Call andsonnel to serve on the staff of the Savingbranch library to provide patrons Begin

with expert help and guidance.

5. Provide proper, adequate

physical facilities, furniture, and equipment. 6. Secure sufficient reading machines and suitable locations for

them. These may be purchased

through the agency of the Genealogical Society.

7. Be prepared to deposit with The convenience of AMERICAN'S SAVEBY-MAIL

the Genealogical Society a sum plan makes it easy for you to save regularly for your equivalent to one cent per capita of special goal. Whether it's a college or mission fund...

the church membership in the area a nest egg for retirement years... or that important

to be served by this branch library. reserve of cash... you'll appreciate AMERICAN'S high

8. Secure from the society a list earning rate on insured savings.

of basic reference books and endeavor to obtain them. AMERICAN'S SAVEBY-MAIL envelopes are

9. File your plan of organization preaddressed and postagepaid! You'll find all the inforand library rules with the Genemation about saving by mail printed right on the

alogical Society. envelope, too! And, your money starts

10. Notify the society that your earning at AMERICAN'S high rate albranch library is ready for inspecmost as soon as the postman delivers it!

tion.

Requests to be accepted as Stop in or write the office nearest you.

received libraries be may branch the SET YOUR GOAL AND GET BT—with units local from small

capability of serving only a limited SAVE THE AMERICAN WAY per annum, current rate area. The American Library Association, as a result of wide experience, has concluded that a regional

library can efficiently serve an area of about thirty miles. There is danger in attempting to organize fflffllESEmMi

ASSOCIATION & LOAN for small too are that units branch 1 1 City, Utah 841 Salt Lake Main, South OFFICE: 63 cooperatHOME of value efficiency. The

City, Utah 84106 Lake Dr., Salt Highland OFFICE: 2186 HOUSE SUGAR already has scale a larger ing on 19 City, Utah 841 Salt Street, Lake Market OFFICE: 3555 GRANGER quotation in the emphasized been

above from the priesthood correHAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort St., Box 3859,

Hawaii 96812 Honolulu, manual. lesson lation

Hawaii 1 96816 Honolulu, - 1 2th Avenue, 1 42 OFFICE: is a KAIMUKI Society Genealogical The

Hilo, Hawaii 96720 Avenue, Waianuenue 1 20 OFFICE: HILO welcomes and organization service Hawaii 96819 St., Honolulu, King North 1851 OFFICE: KALIHI

its geneato share opportunity the Hawaii Blvd., Honolulu, Kapiolani 1602 OFFICE: KAPIOLANI earnest with treasures logical

genealogical searchers and to render aid and guidance through its BE AN "INSTANT EXPERT"WITH branch library program.

drill & saw; FIRST GRADE PROGRAM Black& Decker* power

BY MARGARET HILLERT MAILED DIRECT TO YOU

ANYWHERE IN THE U.S.A.

The one with the lisp is enchanting.

The squeaky one captures my heart. 124 Vz"DRILL

The fidgety one is just panting Doublereduction sears U-130 / /A jAW

To throw himself into the part. allowholes throughyou toanypowerma- M* AH* 88

The one that's all giggles and terial. 12 29'

less for screeches saw 7Va"A THIS MAIL COUPON Inthan a 6V2"fine. doing nevertheless Is rip fence,...comDecker cludes & me Black POSTAGE 50e ADD blade and bination forgotten the one who's And Sales Tax in Utah Plus his Please3/8"DRILLsend 7V4"SAW 3V2% wrench. a blade

speeches ENCLOSED $ Is mine!

Name PEHRS0N HARDWARE Address City Stat* 2115 S. 11th last, Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH!'96S 235

Inspired Revision of the Bible therefore his own, but every man had labored before him, and who another's good. hardly deserved to be called robin bers. interesting Translation Inspired change is found The An(Continued from page 219)

"All solves the the of the Lost Sheep. Parable Anyproblem by stating,

one familiar with the ways of sheep that ever came before me, who inconsistent with the spirit and will appreciate this correction: testified not of me are thieves and

character of the spirit and character robbers;..."This certainly changes

of the gospel. A few of these, along King James Version the meaning and justifies the

with the corrected version are preLuke 15:4. What man of you, prophets in their great work of

sented below: having an hundred sheep, if he lose bearing testimony of their Lord's

one of them, doth not leave the coming.

King James Version ninety and nine in the wilderness, hot's daughters. It seems strange

Deut. 14:21. Ye shall not eat of and go after that which is lost, until that Lot, being righteous enough

anything that dieth of itself: thou he find it? to be spared in the destruction of

shalt give it unto the stranger that Sodom, would be so willing and is in thy gates, that he may eat it; or Inspired Revision even eager to surrender his unmarthou mayest sell it unto an alien: Luke 15:4. What man of you ried daughters to the men of the

for thou art an holy people unto the having a hundred sheep, if he lose city, as it is recorded in the King

Lord thy God. one of them, doth not leave the James version. However, the text

ninety and nine, and go into the is so worded in the Inspired TransInspired Revision wilderness after that which is lost, lation as to indicate that when the

Deut. 14:21. Ye shall not eat of until he find it? men of the city demanded that Lot

anything that dieth of itself; thou bring forth his daughters, he stoutly

shalt not give it unto the stranger A note concerning church prorefused. Note the comparison:

that is in thy gates, that he may eat cedure and organization is also it; or thou mayest not sell it unto an given: King James Version

alien; for thou art a holy people Gen. 19:8. Behold now, I have

unto the Lord thy God. King James Version two daughters which have not

1 Cor. 14:35.... for it is a shame known man; let me, I pray you,

King James Version for women to speak in the church. bring them out unto you, and do ye

Exod. 22:18. Thou shalt not sufunto them as is good in your eyes:

fer a witch to live. Inspired Revision only unto these men do nothing; for

1 Cor. 14:35.... for it is a shame therefore came they under the

Inspired Revision for women to rule in the church. shadow of my roof.

Exod. 22:18. Thou shalt not suffer a murderer to live. At least three other passages are Inspired Revision

worthy of note and explanation in Gen. 19:1114. Wherefore they

King James Version this discussion: said unto the man, We will have

Exod. 23:3. Neither shalt thou Sight to the blind. The ninth the men, and thy daughters also;

countenance a poor man in his chapter of John, King James verand we will do with them as seemcause. sion, contains a comment that eth us good.

"since the world began was it not Now this was after the wickedInspired Revision heard that any man opened the ness of Sodom.

Exod. 23:3. Neither shalt thou eyes of one that was born blind."And Lot said, Behold now, I have

countenance a wicked man in his (Verse 32.) The writer had often two daughters which have not

cause. thought it strange that with so known man; let me, I pray you,

many prophets holding the priestplead with my brethren that I

King James Version hood since the time of Adam, no may not bring them out unto you;

1 Sam. 16:14. But the Spirit of one had ever performed this serand ye shall not do unto them as

the Lord departed from Saul, and vice before Jesus'time. The Inspired seemeth good in your eyes;

an evil spirit from the Lord Translation gives a suitable answer For God will not justify his sertroubled him. to this query by stating that "since vant in this thing;...

the world began was it not heard

Inspired Revision that any man opened the eyes of Thus Lot's integrity as a father 1 Sam. 16:14. But the Spirit of one that was born blind, except he and as a righteous man is preserved.

the Lord departed from Saul, and be of God."Apparently there had

an evil spirit which was not of the been some such instances, but none Some Connecting Links

Lord troubled him. have been preserved in the Old

Testament. New wine in old bottles. As one

King James Version "All that ever came before me reads from the ninth chapter of 1 Cor. 10:14. Let no man seek are thieves and robbers."The writer Matthew in the King James version,

his own, but every man another's had wondered why the Lord would he may wonder what the Saviors wealth. say that "all that ever came before statements about new cloth on old

me are thieves and robbers"(John garments and new wine in old

Inspired Revision 10:8) when there were so many bottles have to do with the ques-

1 Cor. 10:14. Let not man seek righteous and holy prophets who tion put to him about the subject

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of fasting. (Matt. 9:1417.) As connew church? Never!"Jesus was not King James Version

tained in the King James version patching up an old thing, nor was Matt. 11:25. At that time Jesus

these two parables seem to be out he building upon another's foundaanswered and said, I thank thee, O of context, having little to do with tion, but was establishing a thing Father, Lord of heaven and earth, those things immediately preceding new to that generation. Hence he because thou hast hid these things

or following. The Inspired Translasaid to the Pharisees on that ocfrom the wise and prudent,...

tion confirms this and supplies casion: "... when that which is

some vital information missing in new is come, the old is ready to be Inspired Revision the King James text. put away."Then he showed them Matt. 11:27. And at that time,

As given in the Prophet's corthe futility of their old baptism, there came a voice out of heaven, rected version, it is learned that now that a new thing had come, by and Jesus answered and said, I after the question was put to him delivering to them the Parables of thank thee, O Father, Lord of about fasting (which Jesus anNew Cloth on an Old Garment and heaven and earth, because thou swered), the Pharisees came forth New Wine in Old Bottles, with hast hid these things from the wise and asked a question about bapconsiderable more meaning than and prudent,...

tism. The parables about the cloth would appear from the partial acand the wine in old bottles were count found in the King James This passage is certainly more

given in answer to the second quesversion. (Matt. 9:1823, Inspired meaningful and realistic than to

tion—that is, the question that is Revision. Italics added.) have Jesus answering a voice that

now missing in the King James This is the same doctrine taught had not spoken.

text. in section 22 of the Doctrine and Summary. A few of the many sigFrom the Inspired text we learn Covenants and also accounts for the nificant and interesting textual

that the Pharisees wanted to be rereason why the Nephites had to be changes contained in the Inspired ceived by Jesus on the strength of rebaptized at the time of our Lord's Revision have been presented here the baptism which they had revisit to them. (3 Nephi 11.) A new that perhaps a glimpse of the imceived under the law. Jesus refused dispensation apparently cannot be mense value of the Prophet's work them, saying that they had not established upon the revelation and

obeyed the law, nor had they acauthority of a former one. (See would be kindled.

cepted him as the giver of the law, D&C 22.) ( The next instalment will discuss

therefore their baptism profited A voice from heaven. Another textual changes with relation to the

them nothing. This was as much as bridge, or connecting link, is supmission and personality of Jesus

to say, "Can those baptized under plied by the Prophet Joseph as folChrist and also to the missions of an old law thus be received into a lows: the prophets.)

o o o

And... "B"is for Big Savings when you Breeze through your home

sewing on the Beautiful Bernina! For the full story on the many

offers you—see your nearest Bernina dealer v Benefits the Bernina

or... at no obligation..

Benefits to these wise Be tension from Bernina sendfor a free necessary adjustment No

No more thread jamming No cams or discs to change—just switch to stitch Put a "B"in your Bonnet—get a Bernina for your home! BERNINA BOOK

Fill in, clip out and mail the coupon below

for the free Beautiful fullcolor booklet that

tells the full story of the remarkably versatile and economywise Bernina Sewing

Machine.

Bernina 70 South Orchard Drive "B"is also for a great Business Opportunity, too! Selected dealerships for the Bernina North Salt Lake, Utah 84054

are available in key market areas... join the progressive Businessmen serving the At no obligation, I would like to receive the full color Bernina Book

Busy Beehive of the homesewing market. Write or call for full particulars today—on Better sewing..

NAME.

ADDRESS

70 South Orchard Drive North Salt Lake, Utah Phone 3632515 Area Code 801 CITY & STATE PHONE..

MARCH 1965 237 The Calling ago was superintendent of the Sunabout the question, but he knew day School, and he was carrying they would only tell him he should (Continued from page 209) eighteen hours. He was in law not consider any calling until his

school."final examinations were over. If

Peter's mouth dropped slightly. Peter, caught offguard, could he mentioned the matter to his

He closed it and swallowed. He did only try a sheepish grin. grandparents, they would only tell

not want to be asked to do anything As though to soften his forwardhim he should have accepted the that was not in his plans. But then, ness, Brother Findlay added, "Of call. He decided to say nothing to

when the home teachers had visited course, your situation isn't what anyone until after his exams.

him last month, they asked him if his was. You know what your own Throughout the month that folhe would like a position in the circumstances are. Anyway, we lowed, Peter studied with diligence.

ward. That was before his tight would like you to think about this. He managed his program effischedule, and he had replied afCheck your time schedule and see ciently, avoiding every possible infirmatively, "Teaching or somehow you come out."terruption. He tried to close his

thing."It had been easy to say, "I already know my time schedmind to the Sunday School matter,

and when he said it, he had meant ule,"Peter said, his expression so not to feel the disturbance he it. He was not much concerned then serious except for a polite smile. "If had felt on the day he refused the

about final examinations coming I weren't so desperate for time, I position. Those feelings were reup in the distant future. He had not might have something better to newed, however, each Sunday from

realized how vitally significant they say. I'm sorry, brethren."the moment he awoke in the mornwould be. Now he knew only too The two men lingered only to ing to the end of his studying in

well. ask Peter how his parents were and the afternoon. Though he kept

He looked down, wondering how he liked living with his grandreading the Book of Mormon and what to say. He had accepted callparents. Then they shook hands attended priesthood meeting, he

ings through his years of growing and departed. avoided Sunday School and Sacraup. Brother Findlay seemed pretty Peter sat at his study table, his ment meeting. Every Monday his

determined. Peter knew it was an mind blank. Then he began reflecthead was again too preoccupied to

important calling. How could he ing on the whole matter. He wonremember that one worm eating

refuse? He swallowed again. A dered how Brother Findlay and at him.

noticeable sheen of perspiration Brother Houser felt toward him "Well,"he announced, entering could be seen across his forehead. now. He was uncomfortable as was the house one afternoon, "tomorrow

Brother Findlay said, "As you evident in the knot of his brows. I begin finals."

know, Steve Turtle has been the He thought of writing his parents "Is that right?"commented his

second assistant. But he's moving

from the ward now and has to be released. He has done a good. job.

We've talked to Howard Williams, MARRIAGE WITHOUT FURNITURE IS FOR BIRDS the first assistant, you know, and BY RODELLO HUNTER with the bishop. We're all agreed

that you're the man we want to take Steve's place. It's a responsi- A marriage is a house, a house to live in.

bility, and we think you can ful- A house has walls to keep out wind and rain.

fil it."A marriage must have strong walls, too,

Peter looked from one to the To keep out pain.

other of the brethren. When he

spoke, he heard his own words as A marriage is a house, a house to live in.

if they came from a stranger, "I'm A house must have a sturdy roof and floor.

sorry, I... I can't right now."A marriage, then, must have all of these,

Brother Findlay seemed surAnd more.

prised. "May we ask why?"

"Well... I'm just too loaded "Darling"is a silken couch to rest upon.

with school. My final exams are less And "dear"and "sweet"are pillows for your head.

than... well... they're about a "I'm so glad,""belonging,"and "be near you"

month away, I guess. I've got a are enough

lot of studying. You see, I'm trying To furnish quite a mansion—if they re said.

to reach a certain grade point average, and I need about every "I love you"is such sweet fuel for a fire, minute that I can find."And "wonderful"weaves curtains of the sun.

"I know what you mean,"said A carpet soft as tenderness is laid with

Brother Houser. just a phrase,

Brother Findlay nodded. Then "All that we do together is such fun."

he asked, "Are you carrying quite a load of credit hours?"A marriage is a house, a house to live in,

"Seventeen."But a marriage can't be furnished without words,

"That's quite a bit. I remember And so, a marriage without furniture-

a friend of my brother a few years Is just a house for birds!

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grandfather, who was reading the newspaper, his darkrimmed glasses sliding down onto his nose.

"I'll sure be glad to have them over with,"he said.

"Yes, that will be nice,"his grandmother said absently. She, in

contrast to the long, thin appearance of Peter's grandfather, was small and plump. Her cheeks were

rosy and her eyes alert and kind.

Peter had to cram between the examinations, which were given over a period of four days. He

suffered through one of them. The

others were easier than he had expected.

He came home at the end of a long Friday afternoon, having been on campus since the same morning—though it now seemed ages ago.

"They're over,"he declared, heaving a sigh of great relief. "They're

done. I'm finished with the exams.

My freshman year has ended."

He celebrated by calling up a girl he knew and taking her to a movie.

On the Sunday following, Peter felt good. Although grades weren't

out yet, he believed he had done well in his examinations. He was

almost confident that he had achieved his goal—the A-minus

average. Because the pressure had

been removed, he felt free—free

to give of himself. Although he

would quickly enter the summer quarter, he now wanted the position to which he had been called a month ago. Now he desired to

accept that calling. He knew that

he would dedicate himself to the tasks and responsibility involved.

He would do his very best, he was sure.

In this state of mind he forgot one of his Sunday morning habitsreading from the Book of Mormon before going to priesthood.

At the church that morning, it was with a special grip that he shook the hands of Brothers Findlay and Houser. They both greeted

him with warmth and sincerity, but said nothing about the calling. He

looked each man stedfastly in the How can Bigelow carpet help your church?

eye for a long moment. Peter was

tell buildings. that day's your architect. church you Ask He can new Mormon let the todetermined brethren

filafine like carpet, noise Bigelow, continuous with absorbs And loomed 100%realize willing that he was now pile, if to create of serenity. will give atmosphere Cordridge nylon an ment

they still wanted him. They said And he can demonstrate how carpet years and years of wear.

nothing. actually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit

He noticed in Sunday School cleaning costs. every church, public building, home.

that Howard Williams, the first Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the assistant in the superintendency, carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825.

was directing and George Findlay, tinctive tree bark texture of Cordridge (above), in any of its 16 colors, is esRUGS & CARPETS pecially adaptable to the decor of toBigelow -4 SINCE 1825

MARCH 1965 239 of of Amerhomes "Out ica will future the superintendent, presided. Peter the come

citizens of America, am'wondered then who would be preonly as those homes are siding over the Junior Sunday they should be will what downstairs. School seen had not He

it this nation be what assistant, the former second Steven be."should

—David O McKay Tuttle, at all. He assumed that

Steve had moved out of the ward.

Who, then, would be presiding over the Junior Sunday School? A new

LET second assistant?... That would

a church went from away He STUDY HOME be a person chosen in Peter's place.

little shaken. of thoughtless "How BE A SOURCE "I me!"thought. should he have

OF STRENGTH realized that after me they'd look

IN YOUR HOME for someone else."He felt irritated

with himself and frustrated. Then,

in the as he walked noon warm NAME. Please send sun, sad. he began feeling had He

: jftrefused when he was approached. Free ADDRESS

CITY STATE The reanimated dedication of this HOME STUDY This he now admitted painfully.

late. had come too Now University, Provo, Utah morning Catalog to.,. HOME STUDY Brigham Young desired to talk to the he no longer

Tour the Holy Land in Spring brethrenhis mind. aboutHad hewhatnot hadavoidedbeenSunon

for the past he month, have Via Pan American Jet surelyday Schoolwould the poknown sition had been filled. He was to TOUR LEAVES APRIL 8th blame for this morning's surprise.

Murdock Travel's annual Spring tour of the ever inspiring Holy Land provides He felt miserable. The sun was

you with 22 days of high quality, worryfree travel. This is not a cut rate or getting hot now. The day only

student tour! You are assured of luxury travel on Pan looked beautiful, he thought. It

American jet clippers and superb accommodations in the really was not.

finest hotels... all at unusually low cost! The tour includes As he neared his grandparents'

all of the Holy Land as well as places such as Istanbul, home, he remembered that he had

Cairo,'Athens, and Rome Dr. T. cEdgar. Lyon, Tour.Director thought of telling them about the

Associate Director of the Salt Lake Institute of Religion. calling and his rejection of it after

Research Historian for Nauvoo Restoration Inc. A foremost LDS final exams. This might be the best

conducting authority on history and religion, who is now for talking. his time that He expected

fourth tour of the Holy Land.

his grandparents would tell him he

MURDOCK TRAVEL. INC. heshouldalmosthave wantedtaken theto position,hear thembut

Street, Salt Lake City, Main 3283161 14 South Utah Phone 84101,; that say now.

PLEASE FULL PARTICULARS SEND THE SPRING ME OF TOUR ON It at the was end of Sunday

THE HOLY LAND.

his that dinner opportunity came.

Name J His grandmother noticed that

Address '. its first helping. "My goodness, MURDOCK Peter's plate still contained most of

what's the matter, Peter?"she said.@TRAVEL City State Zip "You've hardly eaten a bite."

"I'm sorry, Grandmother,"Peter

THE CHAMPION tarily.answered.ThenHe helookedleanedawaybackwardmomenAND FOOD PREPARATION APPLIANCE slightly in his chair, gathering JUICER

is outstanding in juicing all thoughts to turn into words. "I've The Champion Juicer

or leafy types vegetables, of rooty and fruits, melhad a little thing on my mind I've

It berries. also speedily prepares ons, and a variety

of foods for freezing or canning. The lifeless pulp wanted to mention... to you, too,

of the out the end comes machine pure and the fresh Grandfather..."He looked at his into stainless the juice pours steel quart IV2 bowl.

The Champion grating hard is vegetables,not only a juicer!nuts, Itbread,speeds cheese,meals grandfather. by

crackers, Ice the prepares following: "Go right ahead,"his grandfather

foods, nut butters creams and andetc. sherbets,It easily baby

invited. fruit spreads, butters sauces, milks, sandwich and

corn, creamed relishes, snow cones, plus many other "Folks,..."Peter began awkdishes. healthful

It is easily built quality to last. cleaned and The wardly, "do you remember the price F.O.B. Salt availNorth is $149.95. Lake Terms

able at $10 per month. Earn yours with our referral afternoon Brother Findlay and

or call program. Write

Juicer Champion Distributors—P. O. Box 296 Brother Houser came over?"

123 So. 300 E. - Phone: 3596988

North Salt Lake, Utah 84054 (4 miles North of Salt Lake City)

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They nodded.

Peter placed his elbows on the * table. "Well, that afternoon they

asked me to be second assistant in the Sunday School superintendency."Do Your

"Oh—"responded his grandsudden withmother concern, "why Share us, Peter?"telldidn't you

He hesitated. Finally, with a

his voice, in tone deliberatemore

Have some of the Free to."want "I didn'the said,

His grandfather leaned back, his World's most important eyes revealing his interest. documents close at hand.

Peter continued, "I was so busy The Constitution, the up and comingwith my exams United Nations Charter,

I told them I couldn't.everything,

I said it in a nice way, of course. I the Bill of Rights.

said I just didn't have the time."There are 40 of them

"Why, Peter, that's a shame,"his all together... great for

grandmother spontaneously reschool studies.

"You should have taken thebuked. Send $1.50 to Home

time.""Well..."his grandfather interService Bureau, Salt Lake

vened, "those university examinaTribune, 143 S. Main, Salt

tions can be quite a chore. Maybe Lake City, Utah. Available

Peter didn't know quite what for $1.00 at Tribune.

to do.""No,"Peter confessed, "it was not a hard decision to make. Matter

of fact, it seemed awfully easy. I've been trying real hard for an A- alt Cab

minus average, you know. I thought

if I accepted that calling I'd never have time to get all A's and B's."Does she think Long Distance

"Do you think you got them?"his

grandfather asked. calls are fun? What's

"Yes, I do. I'm quite sure I got

at least an A-minus average, all guess?

right."worrying you are what "Then your phone up some to make had about? You visiting it, go made decision. You of a kind

and you stuck by it. You saw it tonight!

through, didn't you?"

"It might have been a wrong decision,"his grandmother said.

it's though, nice, "I think to have MOUNTAIN grades."the good of thought

Looking from his grandmother STATES to his grandfather, Peter said, TELEPHONE "That's right. I might have made

I think guess decision. I a wrong

I felt. The how I did. I remember

call didn't seem extremely important to me at the time. I tried for a

while to make myself believe those brethren were calling me, not the

Lord. But I know they were inspired by the Lord. I know where

that calling came from, and I should have accepted it."He was

surprised at the feeling rising withFor help in in him as he spoke. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

His grandfather cleared his regardless of the size of your problem throat; finally, after an awkward WRITE

GENEALOGICAL ASSOCIATES Box 11155 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

MARCH 1'965 A TOTAL ELECTRIC pause, he asked, "You sure wanted he tested you to see whether you that grade average, didn't you?"loved high grades more than you

Peter grimaced. "I had arranged loved him."

to replied. awfully blunt This everything,"sounded "I had he GOLD

It I Peter. out. admitthings true, he might be planned I knew

wanted my grades more than anyted, but it was rough to hear. His

I said grandparents acthan organized more had my time to any study habits. There them he say. At MEDALLION thing,cordingandto had expected my

just wasn't room for a high position rate, he felt relief. He was no longer

HOME inwaytheI feltSundaywhenSchool.they askedThat's me."the hidingmind. problemsHe had infacedthe backthe ofissuehis

His grandfather spoke again with troubling him.

almost a smile. "Maybe the Lord "Now, Dearest,"said his grandwanted to let you love that goal as mother, directing herself to his

deeply as you could. Then maybe grandfather, "it couldn't have been

I THE SINCERE GRATITUDE IS A wonderful new SPOKEN WORD NOT SILENT... way to live

RICHARD L. EVANS

UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your deafer In an Essay on History an observant writer wrote: "One lesson, and only

one, history may be said to repeat with distinctness; that the world is

built somehow on moral foundations; that in the long run, it is well with

the good; in the long run it is ill with the wicked...,"1 For this we are

thankful: thankful for law, for foundations on which to place our feet; WHEAT MILL for morality, for moral law; thankful for commandments, for causes and

ONLY consequences, without which we wouldn't know what we could count on.

friends, for for families conviction of are the thankful a purpose and We $695 blessings "for for destiny of life, are the assured thankful of mankind. We POSTPAID

ANYWHERE we cannot measure, for gifts we cannot appraise,... for books, music,

IN THE STATES art, and for the great inventions which make these blessings available... UNITED

Cracks or grinds for the laughter of little children... for the means for relieving human

corn wheat, and... suffering increasing of life... for everything the enjoyment good and

all kinds of hard."2.. grains, soft or thankful, as L. Dr. has and uplifting. Thorndike Edward We are

lbs. min. pr IV2 ORDER is is friendship stronger it, that said hate, love superior "In than men BY MAIL

GUARANTEED stronger than selfishness, and gratitude is stronger than envy.... It is

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS the part of morality and wisdom for anybody to be grateful to parents who have cared for him, friends who give him companionship... the

PEHRSON HARDWARE community which protects him, educates him, and gives him a chance 21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City to earn an honest living.... We should be grateful to all decent people

who keep the peace, do honest work, and pay their bills.... Let us

IDAHO FALLS IRAVE/ODGEe expresssilent, notourneutral,gratitudenotbyinert.imitatingSincerethem."3gratitudeSincereis somethinggratitude iswenotdo alwayssomeWhen attending the Idaho thing about. And having been given so much, we have reason to show

Falls Temple, stay at the gratitude by giving love, by giving of ourselves, by working, by taking - TRAVELODGE Idaho Falls responsibility, in loyalty to principles, caring for our children, by by living—convenient close and ourselves before divine keeping the commandments, by by humbling open all TempleSpecial rates for excursions.—

day Saturdays.—Phone or write for reservaProvidence, grateful for all that God has given. "And he who receiveth

tions. all things with thankfulness shall be made glorious; and the things of this

E Street 255 earth shall be added unto him,..."4

Falls, Idaho Idaho Ph. 5232960

James Anthony Froude, Essay on History.

YOU CAN RENT IT! 3Dr.2"ThreeEdwardCenturiesL. Thorndike,of Thanksgiving,"American EtudeMagazine,Magazine,DecemberNovember1937. 1945.

*D&C 78:19.

Square, presented Spoken Word,""The from Temple over KSL and the Columbia HOWE RENTS Broadcasting 1964. 22, System, 1964. Copyright November SALES AND RENTALS

SaltI Lake City Bountiful 2375 South State 4860055 640 So. 500 West

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as serious as all that."250 SOUTH STATE V PHONE 3283145

"Umhm,"responded his grandSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 father absently, now seeming a little detached from the scene.

To Peter this was a sign that no Write for a catalog ofgood would result from any more discussion of the matter. He said

that he wanted to sleep awhile before Sacrament meeting and exAWARD TROPHIES cused himself. He went directly to

his room and lay down on the bed, LDS Temple and Angel Moroni Trophy closing his eyes. Finally he drifted Figures in stock at all times

off to sleep.

When he awoke less than an hour later, he felt fresh and alert. Remembering that he had not read Special Discounts to Ward and Stake Teams

from the Book of Mormon, he took the volume from the study table and opened it to the marker at the Complete Equipment Catalogs for readingbook of Jarom. He began at Baseball, Softball, Volleyball andthat place. through Jarom, He read

reread a few verses, and started Basketball mailed on request.

into Omni.

He stopped as he finished reading the second verse of Omni. He

read the verse again. Then he

reread the first and second verses

...again. Enjoy the Convenience of a "But, behold, I of myself am a

wicked man, and I have not kept statutes thethe and commandas I of the ought to Downtown Locationments Lord have done."JUST STEPS TO THE BUSINESS, ENTERTAINMENT

rest of the read and Omni He TIME DISTRICT - SAVING YOU SHOPPING AND it. rereadthen Omni, he a man ATIN THE RELAX OF TRAFFIC. COMFORT of AND for peace, written had warmuch

those sad words. Poor, suffering TRACTIVE SURROUNDINGS. 330 LUXURIOUS

man. It was clear that that man ROOMS AND RESTAURANT. FOR RESERVATIONS

had felt mighty uncomfortable, TELEPHONE 3636781 (801).

Peter reasoned. Otherwise why

would he have engraved on plates MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH of gold such a tragic confession to SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHbe read by generations and generations of people? Peter wondered

how he would feel if he were a person such as Omni in those circumstances, with that great callingof keeping a sacred record. Covens As Peter reflected thus, it sudNEW AMERICA MOTEL

denly dawned on him that he himself did not feel like that man.

Peter knew in his heart that though he had erred painfully, he would Yeor after year—over 35—Conference Visitors by the score

not suffer as that ancient Nephite seemed to have suffered. He did have complimented

not feel justified either. He would

always know that he had used poor DISTINCTIVE judgment in refusing the Sunday

School calling. If only he had thechance to judge wisely at this very OtfOjtove 9ce(Wm

moment.... But he would have to

wait for that opportunity. He wonFamous for Fantastic Ice Creams

dered how long. How long before

the Lord would call him again? He Again this April, gratify that wistful yearning and return for a visit to

hoped it would be soon. He would "America's Finest Ice Cream Store"be ready.

Open Closed until at 850 East 21st South Midnight Sundays

MARCH 1968 243 U/ MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Work out exaltation togethtr

In 1830 men had little conception of the great

NEW PRIESTHOOD BULLETIN truths of the gospel relating to family life. As it was

conceived in that day, men and women married, had

The first edition of a new, official church publication,

The Priesthood Bulletin, was issued on January 20. This families, and in due course died. There was little

publication replaces The Messenger and other similar thought in the creeds of the day that these relationnewsletters of the church organizations and is designed to ships extended beyond the grave. Those whose exprovide information concerning the "policies, adminisperience was a happy one were hopeful that on some

tration, all of the priesthood programs and organization basis it would continue beyond death, but they had including Presiding of the Church, programs the of the

Bishopric and the auxiliary organizations.'"* It will be no assurance that it would.

published periodically as needed and distributed to stake Thanks to the revelations of God to his Prophet, we and ward leaders, who are encouraged to read each issue now have the truth. And the truth is glorious. Marriage

carefully as it appears and to preserve all copies for does continue after death, and parenthood too. The

future reference.

The Improvement Era will continue to offer items of conditions under which this glorious state is to be help, interest, motivation, and inspiration, outside the achieved are wellknown to all Latterday Saints. We

realm of The Priesthood Bulletin, to priesthood holders, know quite well that all will possess immortality, but groups, and quorums. that eternal life will be had in the presence of God.

First Presidency a letter Priestby the of the Church, "From The

Bulletin, Vol. 1, 1. The basic factors of exaltation in eternity include a (JanuaryFebruary, No. 1 hood p. 1965),

man, his betrothed wompn, and the sealing power exercised by the officiator in the temple. Once sealed,

the couple may go forward and together work out their exaltation. This is the beginning of the family.

Most of the things remaining to be done are simple in their nature. Let us list some of them:

Love each other. This is an inexpensive ingredient to success, but it is essential to a happy result.

It comes with courtesy to each other, gentleness, softspoken words—even in discussion—respect for the

rights and opinions of each other.

Respect the children in their rights and privileges. The parents must respect the children in their

rights and privileges, but first they must teach children those rights and privileges. Children have no way of

knowing what is expected of them in righteousness unless parents teach them. Respect for rights and

definition of rights is the responsibility of the parents.

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The laws of the gospel are good guides for this imIn all of these efforts the auxiliaries will help, but portant factor. the guidance of children remains essentially the rePractice in living gospel principles. There are sponsibility of parents. Family home night is now in

many principles. We name but a few: progress to give parents the opportunity they need to

Loyalty to the ward and stake leaders. This is perform this gigantic task. These weekly meetings are

taught by example. not the place where the lessons are practised, but

Obedience to calls made upon one by the leaders. they are the times when the reasons for actions to be

Practice in the following: taken are explained, and the steps to be taken are

1. Attendance by the family at Sacrament meeting. outlined. Here parents and children talk out the

2. Enrolment and attendance at the various auxeternal principles which guide them, practise joyful

iliary programs which fit the age group. social life, and plan activities to further develop them

3. Observance of the Sabbath day. in the family practice of eternal things.

4. The payment of fast offerings. Wise fathers and mothers will hold the family eve-

5. The payment of tithing on all income. ning and teach its lessons to the children. From this

6. Support of the organized effort of the Church simple meeting will stem the smooth operation of

to fulfil the obligation to preach the gospel to family affairs. Friction and tension will be reduced

all nations and kindred, to teach the Saints, and and eventually eliminated, and the family will be on to perform work for the dead. its way to receive eternal life.

MARCH 1965 RICK GOODMAN was born the and the pellet was only about an eighth of an inch

July 19, 1952 of on five boysyoungest

C. to Robert and from my brain center. The next day the doctor told Arizona in Safford,

is inVirginia He 'Goodman. the my mother that I might get meningitis from the lead

High Junior at Saffordseventh grade

School. He has been a deacon for pellet; they gave me lots of medicine and shots to keep

of his six proud is very months and his me from getting meningitis. just earned having Priesthood,

first achievement award. Everyone in Safford was praying for me, and we

route, maintains Rick paper has a felt the strength of these prayers. My mother had the

in helps his Dad school, grades good with farm chores, has taken an active elders come to anoint me and to administer to me.

Scouting and now in part in Cub in Three days later, the X rays were clearer and showed loves to participate Scouting, and all sports. the pellet had cut the optic nerve and entered into

allstar catcher in He was Little the temple base of the brain. The doctors told my award and League won an outstanding

last year for a baritone horn solo. mother that it would be a very serious operation, that

Rick is already saving for his mission and wants to be a doctor or dentist. I might not live through it. But it might cause brain 1tJik

damage to leave the pellet in. It was a difficult choice

BY RICK GOODMAN for my mother to make. She prayed a long time and

I believe that the Lord can do many wonders. The decided I would be in the hands of God and signed

Lord helped me when I had an accident. A gun that her permission for the operation. Before I was operated

everyone thought wasn't loaded went off and shot on, my mother called the elders in once more to adme in the eye. My mother was certain that I had lost minister to me. She asked them to pray that the Lord's

my eye. We had to go to a Phoenix hospital. The first will be done.

night all the doctors could do was sew up my eye One of the young doctors who watched the operabecause it had been bleeding so much that they tion was a Latterday Saint. Several months later he

couldn't tell too much by the X rays. The doctor was had an opportunity to tell my mother that only by the

also certain that I had lost my eyesight in that eye hand of God had I lived through such a delicate

GRANT PROTZMAN, a Teacher in Youth are capable of doing much. A group of high

Fifth Ward, the North Ogden Ben school students started the riots in Panama. Groups Stake, 3, 1950 May was born Lomond

in Ogden, Utah to Paul Leland and that were formed by young people like you and me

Protzman. Nelson Maxine Elva He brought about the downfall of Syngman Rhee, presiNorth Elementary attended Ogden

School and was a member of the dent of the Republic of Korea. Youth groups spearhead

North Ogden First Ward.

In 1961, his parents were called as communist movements throughout the world. If the

Church builders to the Hawaiian communists think that we are powerful enough to be in Hawaii, he Islands. While

served as useful to them, we surely must be of enough significounselor Quorum. in the Deacons

He has also served as president of cance and value to be of use to our country.

Fifth the North Ward Deacons Ogden of the One reason for the large percentage of voters who and as Quorum a member

Youth Missionary Committee, presently turned out in the Jast election was that the Boy Scouts in the serving as counselor second presidency. has waged a campaign to inform the public in many areas. Teachers He Quorum

completed the requirements for the In other areas, teenagers offered to babysit without in scouting. rank Eagle

Spring, Last he won first place in pay while parents went to vote. Why? Because they

his division of the School Science Fair care enough about the future of our country to take

Roll. High Honor and made the At MjjM an interest in it. Our country was founded by people is viceHigh, he Junior Wahlquist

president of the Boy's Association, BY GRANT PROTZMAN who cared. Do we care? Now is the time for youth to

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

operation. I believe that sports can teach me many fine quali-

I believe that David O. McKay is a true prophet of ties. I need to learn to play fair, to control my temper,

God. I believe in the Quorum of the Twelve. I beto help team spirit, and to gain sportsmanship. I

lieve we should do what they ask us to do, such as: also believe that I can build a better body by participay our tithing, keep the Word of Wisdom, collect pating in sports. I believe that I can learn to get

fast offerings, clean up around the church, hoe weeds, acquainted with people and meet the public by my and all the other things that will make our Church paper route and sports.

grow. I believe that all these things and all kinds of I believe that my schoolwork, sports, and work will

jobs and work will make tts grow. teach me many things to prepare me to be married in

I believe that I should be worthy of my mother and the temple and to raise a fine family in later life.

father and family and help them in all things they do. I believe in going to Sacrament meeting, Sunday

I believe that we should pray every day and ask God School, priesthood, and Mutual to prepare myself to for understanding and guidance in our everyday go on a mission. I wish to prepare myself for a good

lives to live worthy of the eternal kingdom. I believe mission. I believe we should attend all our meetings

that we should always thank God for our many and learn all there is to learn about the Lord, Joseph blessings. Smith, Jesus Christ, and all about The Church of

I believe that there are many things yet to learn Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. I believe that if we

about the Church and the gospel. I believe that I can have a chance to go on a mission, we should go, so

learn these things by regular attendance in my deacons that we can teach other people in this world. I begroup, my teachers meetings, and my priests meetings. lieve that we should let other people in this world

I believe there are many good things to learn in know about the Church and all the wonderful things school and every place we go. I believe that in school that we know.

I can learn grammar, spelling, history, math, reading, I believe that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latteretc. When I get ready to go on a mission, all of these day Saints is true. I believe that Joseph Smith was a

things will help me to be better prepared. true Prophet of God.

realize the important role we play in shaping our I believe that our Church is the perfect "Blueprint country's future. for Happiness."Joseph Smith said, "Happiness is the

One of the most pertinent things we can do is to object and design of our existence; and will be the

direct our goals and ideals along the paths of rightend thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it;

eousness. How many times do we hear of teenagers and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiserving their country? Not very often. Instead, the ness, and keeping all the commandments of God."

newspapers are filled with accounts of juvenile vice (DHC5, 134135.)

and gang wars. Do we youth of the Church want The Sermon on the Mount is the Magna Carta of

everyone to get the impression that all teenagers are the Christian faith, yet few people clearly interpret delinquents? Our beloved Prophet David O. McKay the true message of this perfect guide to eternal

said, "The most vicious enemy we have is immorality."happiness. The sermon teaches not only the deepest

Youth can do something about this evil. We must spiritual truths, but also practical techniques by which

start by setting our moral standards high. If we as anyone may find health, success, and tranquillity of

youth insist on being treated like adults, it is about mind and soul. The concepts contained in this recipe

time we started acting like adults. Let us show people for happiness are the most soughtafter thoughts in

we are mature. This is the first step we must take to the world. Men may search a lifetime to find them

fulfil the obligation we owe our country. and never succeed because ( Continued on page 254

MARCH 1965 247 TODAYS FAMILY, FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "If I'm happy my children are too,"said a wise young mother. When her first child arrived, she decided, if she had anything to do with it, he would

always look on the bright side of life. She would use

a light touch, and her attitude would match the degree of seriousness of the occasion; for instance, if milk

was spilt it would be treated lightly, never as a major catastrophe. If a rainstorm spoiled picnic plans, it too

would be treated lightly, and other plans would be happily substituted. Picnics are fun held in a family

room as well as on the beach or by a canyon stream.

No black clouds were going to hang over her family.

This mother was always so gay it was fun to come home to her. Her lilt was contagious; gloom disappeared within her household. Father, as well as children, reacted to her just as flowers turn toward the

sun. A vase was broken, and it was treated just as a

vase, not as a 2000year-old piece of art in a museum.

Of course this mother didn't want carelessness to enter in, but an accident was just an accident, and blame was not tagged. No time was ever spent arguing who was at fault; time was too precious to use it

for anything but growing closer together. On this

subject of blame, one wise mother gave her daughter this advice: After a quarrel starts in married life, the

important thing isn't who started it but who is big enough to end the disagreement.

A person can't always be happy, but she can act and look happy, and soon happiness will be back in her heart. People enjoy being around a happy person and

shun a person who just sees the black side of every situation. If it doesn't come easy for you to be an

optimist, the time to start changing is now. Maybe

it will be role playing at first, but soon it will be second nature to you. Time doesn't stand still while

a person looks at the dark side of life, but it seems to slow down. Optimism and time flying go together.

When a child comes in from school with a scowl on his face and blame tagged onto everyone but himself, sit down with him and spread each incident on the table and discover what really lay back of each one.

It is easy to jump to the defense of one's own child, but the fairest outlook is to ask him what he did to deserve the act against him. There are two sides,

maybe even three, to each circumstance and a fine balance of blame in between. Nothing is as bad as it

seems at first glance. It is good to teach a child that

he must take the consequence of his act, work hard at righting it, decide never to make the same mistake again, then happily forget it. Tomorrow is a brand

new day.

The choicest people in this world are those who have every reason to ( Continued on following page

MARCH 1965 249 Sunny Side Out First assemble and measure all inPlace on baking sheet and with gredients. This makes it easier for the bottom of a glass flatten to

(Continued from preceding page) a child of eight or nine to make a x/4-inch thickness. Decorate. Bake success of baking these cookies. Mix about 8 minutes in a 375 degree F

the flour, baking powder, soda, and oven, until lightly browned around walk around with unhappy looks on salt. Cream the shortening and the edges. Store in airtight contheir faces and negative reactions sugars, and add the beaten eggs tainer.

to their deeds but who can still and flavorings. Add the dry inappear graciously happy and lift gredients. Fold in the butterscotch Yummy Gingerbread

those around them. This attitude pieces, the orange and lemon rinds, (a child can make it)

doesn't happen overnight and must the nuts, and the rolled oats. Mix

be cultivated minute by minute. A well. Drop by rounded teaspoonFold half the drained fruit from a

tiny baby must look up into the fuls about 2 inches apart on greased can (1 pound 14 ounces) of fruit happy face of his mother. He must cookie sheet. Bake at 375 degrees cocktail into a package of gingerhear her sing and learn the sound F for about 10 minutes, or until bread mix. Bake in a 6-cup ring

of her laughter. Then, year by year, lightly browned. mold according to gingerbread mix

he too will grow into a happy, optibaking directions. Heat fruit cockmistic individual. Anise Butter Cookies tail syrup and remaining fruit.

( 5 to 6 dozen cookies Thicken slightly with cornstarch,

FUN FOR ALL stir in one tablespoon butter, and

IN THE KITCHEN 1 cup butter spoon over the cooled inverted

Vz cup sugar cake.

If a mother can be patient enough V4 teaspoon salt to let the little people in the home 1 teaspoon vanilla Spring Jam ( makes 8 mediumsized come into the kitchen and help, Vz teaspoon crushed anise seed jars of jam she can create a lasting happy 2V4 cups flour This recipe requires mother's help.

climate. To stand at Mother's elbow Granulated sugar

and stir and mix and taste is someCandied cherries, half pecans, half 3 cups prepared rhubarb (about thing never to be forgotten. Some walnuts for decoration IV2 pounds)

of us have memories of making 5Vz cups sugar

Christmas candies with Mother, of Cream butter and sugar together Vz bottle fruit pectin molding fondant into pieces and until light and fluffy. Add salt,

with precision placing a nut right anise seed, and vanilla. Blend Slice thin the redstalked rhubarb.

in the center of each. Others may thoroughly. Gradually add flour. Do not peel. Simmer in % cup

have had the privilege of putting Chill 1 to 2 hours. Shape into balls water, covered, until soft, about

both hands into dough and actually 1 inch in diameter; roll in sugar. 1 minute. Measure 3 cups into a

kneading bread. A common fun ( The children will love to do this. very large saucepan. Add the sugar

time is in rolling and cutting cookand mix well. Bring to a full rolling

ies into a dozen different shapes. boil over high heat. Boil hard 1

stirring constantly. minute, Imthere is adventure In any kitchen FIRST FLIGHT mediately from heat and remove carriesthat into the realm of over

magic. Lucky is the child who is BY VERDA P. BOLLSCHWEILER stir in the pectin. Stir and skim off

involved. foam with a metal spoon. Then stir

I pinned a silver Eagle on my son, and skim for 5 minutes to cool

CHILDRENHELPING RECIPES This just past child, bright promise slightly. Ladle into glasses. Cover

of a man, at once with hot paraffin. This jam

AfterSchool Cookies And as on me he pins the smaller is delicious, especially when you (4 to 5 dozen cookies) one, fold in a few nuts as you serve it.

I gratefully recall how it began.

% cup shortening Bear Dessert (a child can make)

Vz cup brown sugar, firmly The "On my honor,"watchword of packed a Scout, 1 3-ounce package lemonfla-

Vz cup sugar The "good turn daily"he performs vored gelatin 2 eggs with zest, 1 3-ounce package limeflavored 1 teaspoon vanilla The "Be prepared,"and thrill of gelatin

Vz teaspoon lemon flavoring camping out, 1% cups boiling water

W2 cups flour Though I was loath to see him IV2 cups cold water

Vz teaspoon baking powder leave the nest. Vz cup coarsely chopped walnuts

Vz teaspoon baking soda 1 can ( 1 pound 13 ounces ) pear

Vz teaspoon salt Now as he pins this miniature on halves, drained 1 tablespoon grated orange peel me, Maraschino cherries 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel I thank the noble men who had a 1 6-ounce package butterscotch part, Combine the gelatins and dissolve pieces The dedicated scouters, so that he in boiling water. Add cold water

Vz cup chopped nuts Can wear an Eagle badge above and stir. Chill until syrupy. Fold in

2 cups quick cooking oats his heart. walnuts. Arrange pear halves in a

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA l x/2-quart mold, placing cherries in Cut the frankfurters and buns for 10 minutes or until lightly pear cavities. Spoon gelatin mixture lengthwise, almost through. Place browned. This is a good sandwich

over pears. Chill until firm. Unmold buns, cut side up, in a 12 x 9-inch to serve with soup.

and serve topped with sweetened baking pan. Place frankfurters, cut

whipped cream flavored with side up, on buns. Combine chili LITTLE LOAF BREAD

grated orange rind. and onion and spoon over frank- (makes 9 loaves)

furters. Sprinkle with grated cheese.

Supper Soup ( serves 4 to 5 Bake in a 450 degree F oven about 2 cups lukewarm water 10 minutes or until frankfurters are 3 tablespoons sugar 2 cans condensed beef broth heated through and cheese is 2 envelopes granular yeast l x/2 soup cans water melted. 6 cups flour (approximately)

1 bay leaf IV2 tablespoons salt 4 cloves Ham and Peanut Butter Sandwich 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind (6 servings) Pour lukewarm water in a warmed mixing bowl. Add sugar and yeast,

Combine all ingredients. Simmer a 12 ounces sliced readyto-serve and stir until dissolved. Add 3 cups

few minutes to blend flavors. Recooked ham or minced ham of the flour and the salt. Beat hard

move the bay leaf and cloves. slices for 2 or 3 minutes. Add the rest of

Garnish with thin slices of lemon. 6 slices white bread the flour slowly. Knead for about

This is good served with an egg x/4 cup peanut butter 5 minutes until dough is springy salad sandwich and the pear desV4 cup salad dressing and forms a smooth ball. Put in

sert on a Sunday night. 2 tablespoons coconut bowl, cover, and allow to stand in

a warm place until it doubles in

Chilitopped Franks Toast the bread on both sides. To bulk. Shape into 9 individual loaves

(a child can prepare) make each sandwich, cover each and put in small (5V2 x 2Vz x IV2) slice of toast with 2 ounces sliced greased loaf pans. Sprinkle with

6 frankfurters ham. Spread ham with 2 teaspoons sesame seeds. Again cover and let

6 frankfurter buns peanut butter, then 2 teaspoons rise in a warm place until tripled.

1 1-pound 4-ounce can chili with salad dressing, and sprinkle with Bake at 400 degrees F for about beans 1 teaspoon coconut. Place sand20 minutes or until golden brown.

Y* cup chopped onion wiches on a cookie sheet and bake Remove from pans and serve hot.

y& cup grated Cheddar cheese in a hot oven about 400 degrees F Children will love the small loaves.

L * MM

>*; m iiw—ll; t-1

Marvelous what yeast does for A RED STAR YEAST "BACK FENCE"RECIPE WITH

this big, Try satisfying bountiful oldtime with the cake 'Masses 'n ipice (fake! RICH, FLAVORY BRER RABBIT MOLASSES quickrising Star Yeast, from Yours goodness! and Red

from ironrich Brer Rabbit, the true New Orleans Molasses.

'LASSES 'N SPICE CAKE 1 pkg. Red Star Active Wt cups

Dry Yeast allpurpose flour 1 cup warm water (110115) 1 tsp. salt

IV2 cups allpurpose flour V2 tsp. soda

V/z cups sugar 1 tsp. cinnamon

1 cup shortening, part butter Vi tsp. nutmeg

3 eggs, room temperature Vi tsp. cloves

Vi cup Brer Rabbit Molasses, Vi cup finely chopped nuts

Green Label Vi cup cutup dates

Soften yeast in water; add first iy2 cups flour; beat until

smooth. Set aside in warm place 30 minutes. Cream sugar

and shortening; add eggs and blend. Add molasses and

beat until smooth. Stir in yeast mixture; blend. Measure

second amount of flour with soda, salt, and spices and add, beating well until smooth. Stir in nuts

and dates. Pour into wellgreased and

floured 9xl3x2inch pan. Cover. Let rise in

warm place one hour. Bake in preheated moderate oven (350) 50 to 60min., or until center

*jC springs back when 'iWVTcf&Rl I'SMly touched.

Serve cake squares with whipped cream... or frost with a

creamy icing.

Oldtime chewy texture—stays moist up to 2 weeks!

"': '"'"i>::':'".;. fw iillllll.'if / *.

".".:.

! m MARCH 1965 28!

BREADMIXER. a bread batch for 1 to.4 loaves.... makes

$12.95 postpaid to you.

12 quart capacity... stainless steel mixing rod... lifetime tindipped pail...

with aluminum lid... size 12"x 12"x 14"

... FREE "old time"bread recipes included

with each order... "Special"quantity

prices to church groups!

Here Is An Excellent Item for Storage

C&wnjcL WHEAT MILL by UNIVERSAL for use with wheat, corn, nuts, etc. Easily adjusts for fine or coarse grinding. APPLIED EDUCATION

Utah residents add 3V2% sales tax &JLfO''OC3 BY MABELRUTH JACKSON Postpaid

Send your orders to:

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main SMITHFIELD, UTAH I spent a few weeks recently with it was an incentive toward further

a favorite niece. Betty is married effort.

Complete Line of and has one child, fiveyear-old One day he brought home a flag

DRY STORAGE FOODS David.garten, Davie,is a lovable,who attendseager kinderyoung- heon hadStarsmadeand ofStripes.paper, "Mother,"with pastedhe

Beans—Green and Yellow Split soon discovered at least one reason "In the window?"she repeated,

Peas—Lentils—Natural and Polfor this. considering, I supposed, where it

ished Long Grain Rice He would come home from kinwould be least * conspicuous—the

in or bags, Packed 100# 25# dergarten bubbling over with enhouse and the winwas modern also cans SOjf clean. thusiasm about the games he had dows shining storage have (We and 100# 50#

containers) learned to play that day or the "Yes, Mother. Could we put it

PRICE LIST OF ALL ITEMS WILL BE things he had done. Often he would in the front window where folks

MAILED UPON REQUEST hold a sheet of paper on which was could see it? Could we, Mother?"

Sterling H. Nelson & Sons a drawing he had made—a pink She bent and kissed him. "Of

525 So. 4th West Street house with a green chimney and course we could, darling,"she said

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110 yellow doors; a man with head, impulsively, and she helped him

P.O. Box 1296 3646523 long legs and arms, but no body; attach it to a front windowpane

or a red daisy with a stem like a with Scotch tape.

tree trunk. The pleasure on his small face

'AMILY sheNowouldmatterstopwhattoBettyhear wasaboutdoing,the waswhatrewardsome housewivesenough, I thought,would notfor

LOUR MILL newwas gameso glad.or admireI couldhisnotwork.haveI himhave knowtolerated,that butthisBettywas hadhis madehome

borne it, I thought, if that glorious as well as that of his parents.

ft h.p. enthusiasm of his had been dampAnother afternoon he returned Motor

ened by a lack of response from the with a small, pink paper basket.

Stone grinds 20 pounds one he loved most. "Look at the basket I made,"he

flour hour. Qualper of

lifeBut Betty went farther than that. said. "It's to put things in. Could ity built to last a

time. $189.50—Terms Davie's picture was pinned to a we put something in it, Mother?"

Automatic available at $10 per green desk blotter that had been he asked anxiously.

Feed month. hung on the wall for just that pur- "Well—let's see,"his mother

Earn yours with our referral program. pose. It was where Daddy would said.

National Factory Distributors be sure to see it when he came "Matches would look nice in it,"296 123 So. 300 P. O. Box

Salt Lake, North Utah E. 84054Phone 3596988 home and say, "Well, well, what he said, after a moment's thought.

4 Miles No. of S.L.C. have we here?"I smiled to myself "Do you think we should put

as I watched the youngster walk matches in a paper basket, Davie?"

by it with an elaborate effort of After another moment's considIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS unconcern and noticed how his eration he said, "I guess they might

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple eyes gave a proud, sidewise glance burn it all up,"and added kindly at it as he passed. He had done to me, "You have to be awful

sore throat and other minor mouth something all by himself, and his careful about matches."

and throat irritations. achievement had been recognized "Could you make some more like

HALL'S REMEDY and honored. As with all creators, these?"his mother asked him.

Salt Lake City. Utah

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what He nodded. "If you help me a feel what he does is important, too. to serve

little if I can't remember.""Then I have another idea about

"Then I've thought of someit—these little things that Davie when you have

thing."Betty smiled. "You make learns to make. I believe the phrase

one for Aunt MabelRuth, one for 'applied education'is not too big friends in?

Daddy, and one for yourself. This for the thought back of it. I've

one will be for me. Tomorrow night thought this way of treating what

for dinner we'll put little candies he makes may get Davie into the in them and put them by our plates, habit of bringing home and into and it will be a party. You have his life the things he makes and

some colored paper, and you can learns at school—all his school

make them different colors."years, I mean."She looked at me

The delighted smile on Davie's appealingly.

face showed how he felt about the "I'm sure you're right,"I said said teacheruse "A to which the basket would be promptly. to me of Why not to herput. once that it most seemed

"You go to a lot of trouble,"I her pupils thought of school life as tryPostum?

commented to Betty later, "but something quite apart from their what a lot of pleasure it gives home life. You are teaching Davie

Davie."to coordinate them, and beginning

"It does, doesn't it? I want him early when his mind is most moldto be happy. But there's more than able. Because they are 'little

that to it. We, as a family, talk things,'as you call them, many

about the things we do. I may mothers don't realize what wonderspeak of some new flowers I have ful opportunities they afford for

set in the garden, or a club paper character building. Such experi-

I wrote and read. John tells of an ences often have an influence 6n a Instant

order for one of those new houses child's life quite out of proportion he has designed. I want Davie to to their apparent significance."

* 1 \ winA L beverage \ /\ v E R E VKW s I No Caffein If I '!

V\VIN<? k 'BWwr 111*1 1* W9 h "7I * Jm Flavorful, hearty Postum just naturally encourages good talk among friends. HOME, SWEET HOME

Made with pure, The loud heavy footsteps are footsteps can be heard throughout energyfood ingredients boys. the house. It is good for an allboy- and no caffein,

The light skipping footsteps are children family to keep in mind Postum gives you a natural lift.

girls. that mother is a girl and constantly You can drink all you like.

All families should have both to love and protect and cherish If you haven't tried kinds of footsteps. In fact a family her, and in an allgirl family it is Instant Postum lately,

isn't quite complete without boys well to keep in mind that father you're missing a satisfying, and girls. Of course, sometimes is a boy and needs respect and bracing drink.

there are a mother, a father, and admiration and love. You'll enjoy its natural lift.

all boy children, and sometimes There is nothing else on earth The Natural Lift there are a mother and a father quite like a family. It has been Send name and address

and all girl children. This is all called the backbone, the foundaforfree Postum recipes to:

right because the families still have tion, the basis of civilization. Let's Postum Recipes,

boys and girls and loud and soft make it so. FBP Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

MARCH 1965 283 The Church Moves On This I Believe (Matt. 7:12.) However, in this day

and age, we are failing to heed (Continued from page 186) (Continued from page 247) this wise counsel. Too often when

a good deed is done, the first

Johnson often uses], I want you to they were not well enough versed thoughts that enter the minds of know that I was thinking of you in the teachings of Christ. They some are: Whom are they trying to

during my inaugural ceremonies, can't see the forest for the trees. impress? What are they trying to

and I think you will be pleased to The remedy for all our problems gain? What is their ulterior motive?

know that the singing of the Taberis found in the sermon's golden Individuals reflect their own attinacle Choir was the best thing conrule. "Therefore all things whatsotude by thinking these things. We

nected with the ceremonies. They ever ye would that men should do are what we think.

did wonderfully well. They had a to you, do ye even so to them:...""Judge not, that ye be not judged"

very difficult time getting here, and they were worn out, but their physical discomforts were not reflected in their voices. You can be

mighty proud of your work with them, and the whole world heard them by Telstar television and radio. I think you will be getting

reports very fine about them."some

replied: McKay "I am COUNSEL STUDENTSJPresident

highly honored to receive this call. TO CONTINUE EDUCATION

I am thankful to know that you were satisfied with the singing of the choir and to know that I was in your thoughts during this busy BY WILLIAM E. BERRETT

time."President Johnson also spoke CHURCH DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

with Sister McKay, admonishing her, "Take care of my good friend, Parents and church officers who counsel students regarding their

President McKay."Then speaking education beyond the high school lever should consider the following

to the LDS leader again, he once factors: First, we should encourage all of our youth to continue their

more expressed appreciation for the education beyond high school, with emphasis upon either colleges choir and said: "God bless you, or vocational schools. Second, we are concerned that all such students

President McKay.""The Lord concontinue systematic weekday study of church scriptures and practice.

tinue to bless you,"President This latter can be effectively done in either church colleges or instiMcKay replied. "Good night,"said tutes of religion. The institutes of religion established by the Church

the President, "and give my love to have proved effective in developing leadership and holding our young

Mrs. McKay."men and women to the Church. We desire full support of these instiWeather conditions at the Salt tutes and are organizing wherever we have a suitable institute

Lake airport allowed the planes building a student ward so that students can obtain weekday instruccarrying the homewardbound tion and Sabbath worship.

members of the Tabernacle Choir In counseling students whether to go to a church college or to other to land this evening. state or private colleges, keep in mind that it is important to retain

parental influence during the early college years, and where students

President and Sister David O. can remain at home while obtaining the abovementioned training,

McKay flew from Salt Lake this becomes a vital factor both as to retaining home influence and to

City to southern California for a curtailing dollar costs.

vacation and rest. We should also keep in mind the student leadership needed in

institutes of religion in reaching nonmembers and lukewarm members of the Church. Returned missionaries might well render a special

service by attending local institutes of religion where their leadership can be used and enhanced. Students granted scholarships by state

schools where institutes of religion are available should ordinarily

NEW DUDS accept such financial aid in order to relieve the financial burden upon the family.

BY GLADYS HESSER BURNHAM Parents should keep in mind that the doors of Brigham Young

University and other church schools will still open to all students who

Pussy willow's coat of brown qualify for admission. When students can qualify for admission and

Is buttoned up and buttoned down. parents can afford the cost, church schools will still be an effective

place to obtain an education as they have been in the past.

March wind's icy blast is chill

Awaiting sun's warm breath. It will See page 207 for letter

Melt the snow and burst the buds: from First Presidency.

Puss fill don her new gray duds.

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (ibid., 7:2) was the scripture that ARE YOU GOING TO EUROPE?

Abraham Lincoln said gave him the Have You a Missionary Returning Home?

strength to thought do he what was not bring elegant an home Whyright. greatthat the The book had

MercedesBenz, at the lowest Lincoln'sest influence character on retail price? European (Thewas the Bible. savfor ing can of part pay a good This is studded throughout book

trip). will the honor Wewith advice personal on conduct in your

everyday affairs, as are the other Warranty and service your car standard works of our Church. whenus for details.you are back home. Ask The Bible dwells at length on the

history Israel. of this record From KEN GARFF IMPORTS see feels the Lordwe can we have 525 So. Stat* St. DA 8-8541a duty to our country as well as SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ourselves. I believe that we youth

can contribute to the strength, the freedom, the welfare and of our 1 1 1—-t 1 T FAMILYnation. obligation to ourselves Our

is to take is in interest an what size: ao'TOo*, green., goldA thegoing on in world. As Dwight HOME

; FABRIC**** PANELSAliiri e V/ORAMSEOR yellow said,D. Eisenhower develop "To

CORK 4 SLATE AREASfully your own character, you must EVEIJIMG3 character."country's yourknow I HARDWOOO FRAMEbelieve that through the concepts EJQUJTjg MOUNTS tM AMY POSITIONof our church doctrines, we may

fulfil the obligation that we owe ourselves,our country, rBOARDl our and tlcseret say,God. of us I? 11 44 "Oh, "> can what Many EAST COTTONWOODBook MALL SO. TEMPLE * W*

I BLV|X.OGI)QNCITY kid, just I'm a will do? one no

CALIFORNIA WASHINGTONAMSSALTST..AN!)ORANGE.LAKHAT 4I2.9Si ilisten FREIGHT to very me."SHIPPED wrong we How

LBS. 10 COLLECT

is Itare! often the small that screw

E. 778 BY: BRIARMI DECORRITE-PANEL MURRAholds the large machine together. f, UT.

More and more the youth of today are getting a voice in what is donein the home, school, and nation. Summer

of life just get out LAST! what we We Is lor growing AT

into are input on Home judged A SPECIAL it. We

heaven by our deeds on earth. REQUEST SUMMER Genealogy Safes...

BULLETIN CONTAINING You are the handicap you must 400 EIGHTWEEK face, (JUNE 26 -AUG. 21)

You are the one who must choose COURSE LISTINGS your place, AND OVER 40 You must say where you want to go, SPECIALIZED

How much you will study the truth WORKSHOPS to know, (JUNE 1425). WRITE

God has equipped you for life, TO DEAN OF but he SUMMER SCHOOL, Lets you decide what you want PARK BLDG., U. OF U.,

to be. SALT LAKE CITY 84112 Now,

( Marvin O. Ashton, The Scouters Protect Your Precious

Minute. ) University of Utafi FullSized GENEALOGY records

deeds, tax I believe that the youth have the Summer Seftool abstracts,PLUS other insurancepersonal papers,policies, moral courage to withstand the records, etc.

of social pressurestemptations and for free information on our ONE SHEPHERD Write AND for ONE FOLDlife, "Blueprint our group SPECIAL promotion. if we follow

Stuart Ferguson by Thomas lines immortalHappiness."As the

of "Invictus"say, "I am the master... presents an imposing array THE AMERICAN SAFE CO.

in of the the captain support of evidence of my I amof my fate; Book P. 0. Boxof1055Salt Lake CityDraper, Utah Henley.) claim thatsoul."I of Ernest a people (William Mormon

must decide. from the Near East once dwelt in

the New World. SIMMONS PHOTO STUDIO

Cloth.$4.95 111 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Wisdom is only found in truth. Genealogical Copying

—Goethe OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. Passport Photos

Box 6137 Sugar House Station Missionary Photos

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 40 Years in Business

Available at L.D.S. bookstores everywhere Write for price list

MARCH 1965 255 A Spoonful of Sugar the gospel, historical events, culgrandchildren.

tural information, or current events. Accept invitations to join with a

(Continued from page 199) Conduct cottage meetings with younger family in the ward or family members and present a lesneighborhood. (Younger families

Help the child to understand that son from the missionary plan. should be alert and gracious enough

Goliath is symbolic of the "giants"Give short (or longer) imto include a single or an older in the form of temptations and promptu talks on an assigned subperson in a Family Home Evening social pressures constantly facing ject. occasionally.

the youth of the Church. Let him Participate in a gospel spelling Extend invitations to younger

list the "giants"he is now conbee and spell or define (or both) families to meet in their homes. It

cerned with. such words as patriarchal, priestcould make a Family Home EveAn occasional "Family Home hood, Melchizedek, Aaronic, disning even more special to children

Evening exchange"can be very pensation, millennium. to meet once in a while in somebeneficial and stimulating. Through Play Twenty Questions on a gosone else's home and enjoy refreshinviting another family to join with pel subject. ments.

you, ideas can be exchanged; chilWhat can be done to handle a Get together with several other

dren are encouraged to do their wide age variance in a family? widows, widowers, or couples to

parts well; and a renewed appreciaGrown children could teach the study the gospel systematically.

tion for the Family Home Evening younger children. A rancher drove his pickup truck

can be felt by everyone. The Family Home Evening could across a frozen reservoir one day

be presented in two sections—one last winter. The ice broke, and the

Some Answers early in the evening for the younger truck plunged into eleven feet of children, and then after they have water. The rancher tried to open

In our contacts with members of the door, but couldn't. Finally, with

the Church during the past few water almost up to his head, he months, certain questions have been broke the truck window and forced asked over and over again. Many HIDDEN TREASURE his body through. He came up

people ask how long the Family BY JEAN RASEY under the ice.

Home Evening should last. Our He held his breath, opened his

first attempt several years ago Spring is a storagelocker, eyes, and swam until he found the toddlers our children were allwhen lasted aboutand preschoolers fif- A deep freeze, old, yet new, holeHe madecame byup thegaspingtruck.for air, but

teen minutes. Now we enjoy being Holding all the resources he had nothing to grip to allow him

together in a Family Home EveThat she has access to. to climb onto the ice from the

ning about an hour. We still have frigid water of the reservoir. The

toddlers and preschoolers, but with fortyfour-yearold rancher laid several older children to lead the his arms on the ice and waited until way it becomes easier to conduct gone to bed, the older ones could his gloves and sleeves froze to the a Family Home Evening. Parents meet together. surface. Then he hauled himself

of busy teenagers should play it The family could alternate weeks. out.

by ear, too. The time may vary The program for one week could The rancher was alone, seven

from thirty minutes to the entire be centered around the younger miles from camp. His wet clothing

evening, depending on the lesson children; the next week it could be froze to ice in minutes in the eight

and activity and the outside activistyled to meet the interests of the degrees below zero temperature.

ties of family members. It's not older members. He set out and walked the seven

the length of time that counts; it's After the opening song and miles, his frozen clothing cracking

what you put into the time that will prayer, one parent could direct the with every step. Finally, he stagproduce dividends over the years. lesson and activity of the younger gered into his cabin, built a fire in

Many parents of older children children while the other parent the oil stove, waited until he was are wondering how to interest their works with the older children in warmed, then set out on horseback families in this program. Here are another part of the house. Then to a home of a friend, three miles

some suggestions for older chilthe entire family could reunite for away.

dren's participation: the closing song and prayer and the What was this rancher fighting

Plan and conduct the Family refreshments. for? He was fighting for life. BeHome Evening. One is not likely to These suggestions perhaps don't cause of this he performed a nearly

be bored with his own plans! present an ideal Family Home impossible feat.

Prepare lessons and teach the Evening, but any one of them As mothers and fathers, we are youfiger children. The teacher alwould be better than no Family also fighting for life. We're fighting

ways learns most! Home Evening at all in homes for the happy, successful lives of

Study and give reports on gospel where an age variance situation our children. We're fighting for

topics, missionary experiences, curexists. their eternal lives. No effort could

rent events, career opportunities What can widows, widowers, and be too great to make this life posand requirements, or any other couples who have reared their chilsible. Surely we will follow the

similar subject. dren do to hold Family Home counsel of our living prophet of

Prepare and present book or Evenings? the Lord and teach our children the

article reviews on such subjects as Meet with their children and gospel in the home.

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;;;;;...;. '/ ".

h Tfurets

MHHHRgHH

There is the swell of life rushing forth to be met. One feels

the pull of distant shores where dreams wash against realities and heartbreak is an Marion D. Hanks, Editor

ever present undertow. Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

To be young is glorious.

To be caught up in the wave of doing the.inimitables of

youth is sheer excitement and something to be shared with older ones and younger ones and contemporaries who have never learned or have simply failed to realize the blessings of this particular age.

In this issue...

you've been framed...

caught in the moments of your lives that matter.

IT *# el

J- *, gpjp 1 Ji K/T

if

4.*%

f

c

I """W"'you've been framed\3t..

... fiddling and funning

Music hath charm... and real joy, too, when disciplined effort makes

it good music (left).

(Yvonne Barlow and Liza Simmons, Kaysville Stake.)

Gallerygoing is one of this generation's new excitements (above).

(Brenda Richards, Lucille Green, and Paul Reynolds, Holladay Stake.)

you've been

.. looking the trSmeCl

way teens like to look... the

prerogative of youth like Doug

Davis (Layton Stake) and Sue Swan (Kaysville Stake) (left).

The past finds a place in the lives of those with a future. Mary Ann

Prigmore (Kaysville Stake) and

David Adams (Layton Stake) look at a plaque from Joseph Smith's office (Right).

Fun doing homework and preparing for family hour?... Sure!

if you help each other. (Ronnie

and Lucille Green, Holladay Stake.)

1WB*

I

.!';*.*.

. -

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..you've been framed

... reading out loud to others—a great way

of sharing and learning. (Ronnie Green, Jean Flygare,

Brenda Richards, Paul Reynolds, and Lucille Green,

Holladay Stake.) (left).

Handstand or volleyball smash—everyone can play at

something. pencil things; say can many you've been AAll is for it needs a hand

pencil to say, things has many. penning a poem A framed a guide. little child the fingers of a And

Can help it find its way.

(Stephanie Harris, age 11, East Mill Creek Stake.)

A young man and his horse... Surehanded on the ball field,

friends, God's creatures both. steady with a soup server,

(Brent Carver, Kaysville Stake.) Doug Davis (Layton Stake) does both.

f

.. you've been framed

... at hearthside...

Faces in firelight: Mary Ann Prigmore (Kaysville Stake) and David

Adams (Layton Stake) sharing quiet talk, dreams, and mission plans, (left).

Parlor polo games can be purchased in stores,

(above). away—andbut Ned Cannonfirmed(Ensignsome friendships,Stake) builttooseveral and gave them

rogues'gallery

Stop!

Look!

Here and now!

Learn a lesson about how an ideal LDS boy or girl SHOULD NOT look.

These closeups in our Rogues'Gallery remind us of the quotation of Robert Burns that President David 0. McKay has

repeated so often over the years.

wad some Power the giftie gie us

To see oursels as ithers see us!

It wad frae monie a blunder free us.

An'foolish notion:

Pictures posed by Beverley Robert Burns

Shaw, Dave Shaw, Delbert Ebart, Vickie Holbrook, and Leon Wilcken, Murray 15th Ward, Murray Stake.

A skirt too short, A glass that bears too tight to please, a lipstick's traces

And what a chill Makes one think for knobby knees! unkindly phrases.

He holds her hand and well he should They make a pair no others would.

A "mod"he claims She must be sitting has longish hair. there for laughs

We think it's simply With all that slip shaggy fare. and all those calves!

Oh, one who stretches gum gets stuck.

His social life needs more than luck.

He hovers o'er his A mixed up fellow dinner plate lounges there As if in constant He puts his leg on starving state. that arm chair.

getting to know you

Claude E. Crow, a Mormon teenager on Guantanamo Bay

naval base, was the first Eagle Scout ever to achieve the award at Guantanamo. Received the first Duty to God

award given in Guantanamo Branch, of the Florida

Mission. President, Protestant youth fellowship group.

Working on water purification plant to supply water for base personnel. About living the gospel among nonMormons:

"1 feel that by trying to live my faith 1 have made many friends 1 might not have had otherwise."1

Michael Halverson, senior at Central Union High School, f *i|fc El Centro, California, has been president of high school

A junior class, high school California Scholarship Federation club,

Key Club, seminary, teachers quorum. Twoyear

football letterman. California Boys State. Chairman,

vocational guidance committee of Key Club for California,

Nevada, Hawaii. Scholarship student at Arrowhead Music Camp.

Duty to God award. Five individual awards.

Plans to attend BYU after high school graduation.

Music, music, music is the life of Brenda Bennion, 18,

Sacramento. She's been organist in the ward since she

was 13, Junior Sunday School chorister for 5 years. Teaches

piano students. Sings solos for roadshows, music festivals,

p*4> ill church meetings, funerals, weddings. Sings in choir in Ml church and school. Composed music for roadshow.

Lends a hand in costume and makeup for ward and stake drama productions. Does exhibition ballroom dancing.

Fouryear seminary graduate.

Ron Nunnally is a Mayfair High School, Lakewood, California, graduate, class of '64. University of California freshman

in electrical engineering. High school student body

vicepresident, chairman elections and bylaws committees, student body cabinet parliamentarian. President,

Leadership Club. Student government columnist in

student newspaper. Lakewood Coordinating Council.

Mayorfor-a-day in annual youth day in Bellflower. California

Jk+ - * Association of Student Councils convention.

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Christine Sproul was 1964 valedictorian at William S. Hart

High School, Newhall, California. Received Outstanding Youth

award, girl of the year, outstanding student, outstanding

English student, outstanding speech student, Arrowhead service award. Life member, California Scholarship Federation.

Student body vicepresident. Girls athletic association

vicepresident, interclub council president. Helped organize

Junior American Field Service chapter, serving as president.

AFS finalist. Girls State. Piano teacher; solo piano recital;

pianist in Sunday School, Mutual, seminary. Seminary graduate. $

John Miller, 17, is US Golf Association national junior amateur champion. Won during 19631964:

Robert E. O'Brien Memorial Junior Tournament, San Mateo;

City Prep Championship; California Junior Championship,.

Pebble Beach; San Francisco News Call Bulletin

City Tournament; Northern California Junior Title.

Priest with four individual awards, YMMIA ward sports director.

Terri Ann Thornock, Twin Falls, Idaho, fifteenyear-old Mia Maid, is "Miss Physical Fitness of America for 1964."

Winner, regional physical fitness competition at Dance

Educators of America convention in Salt Lake City. Won

national title on stage at New York World's Fair. Earned three

individual awards, Worker Bee, Honor Bee, Mia Joy.

Junior Sunday School secretary.

Les Brown, 14, South Pasadena, California, awarded

William T. Hornaday Gold Medal for distinguished service

in conservation. Medal given by National Council of Boy Scouts

W "*,1 -jJ in cooperation with New York Zoological Societyf Les is third recipient in Los Angeles Area Council since 1920.

Earned three conservation merit badges for forestry, soil and water conservation, wild life management.

Eagle Scout, candidate for Pasadena Scout of the Year.

jflflk Member South Pasadena Ward.

MARCH 1965 27!

The Last Word

One thing you can give and still keep is your word.

Now are the winds about us in their glee, "Willie, why do you talk Happiness is that pleasTossing the slender tree; so much?"'"I don't ure which flows from

Whirling the sands about his furious car know any big woids, so the sense of virtue and

March cometh—Williamfrom afar.Gilmore Simms Ionesuse lotsto makeand lotsup offorlittleit"fromright thedeeds.—HenryconsciousnessMoreof

Girls in a family are Knowledge is one thing likeseasons.—Bashirspring amongAhmedthe secondhandthat doesn'twhenbecomeused

Like an army defeated The snow hath retreated,...

The Ploughboy is whooping—anon—anon!

There's joy in the mountains:

There's life in the fountains;...

The rain—Wordsworth,is over and gone.Written in March

A man's temper improves The City of Happiness is Spring has come when you can put the more he doesn't use it. located in the State of Mind. your foot on three daisies at once.

So long as we are loved by others I // you will let me, I will wish you in would almost say we are indispensyour future what all men desire—enough

able; and no man is useless while he tvork to do, and strength enough has a friend. -Robert Louis Stevenson to do your work.—Rudyard Kipling

Little George was very piously trained, but he had a strong will and disliked very much to yield. When he was disobedient, his mother was

accustomed to make him stand in a corner of the room for a while.

One night, after he had been more than stubborn, he knelt to say his evening prayer and made this petition: "O Lord, bless Georgie and

make him a good boy, and don't let him be naughty again never—no

never, 'cause you know, Lord, when he is naughty, he sticks to it!"

Don't think of it as losing a cake.

Think of it as gaining big sticky smiles from little boys you love. And a feeling you've done

something special. Very special—when you

bake it by hand... bake it by heart... bake it

with Fleischmann's Yeast. Fleischmaim's. fleisdim'*fj,|lClMa

Yeast Yet

FROSTY RAISINPECAN CAKE Scald milk; stir in sugar, salt, margarine. up dough to form 16inch roll; seal edge.

10in Place, sealed down, Dissolve greased yeast to edge Cool lukewarm. in warm sugar milk V2 cup V2 cup

in rise let in pan. Cover; inch tube bowl. large lukewarm Add warm water warm salt teaspoon V2

until 1 peel, draftfree doubled, place grated eggs, about orange mixture, milk Margarine stick) Fleischmann'sV2 cup (1 until until at flour. minutes, hour. or 350F. smooth. Beat Bake Measure 30 cups 2V4

2 packages Fleischmann's off 1 cup of batter; to this add prepared done. When cool frost with confectioners'

Active Dry Yeast raisins (see below) and pecans. To rest of sugar frosting. Makes 1 round cake.

(105115F.) water V2 cup warm flour. in both IVz batter Cover beat cups

grated orange peel teaspoons2 eggs 4 in let draftfree 111Place raisins in pan with rise place To prepare fruit: mixtures; warm

3% cups unsifted flour until doubled, about 1 hour. 2 cups cold water. Cook until water boils

1 cup cooked chopped raisins Turn out larger portion of dough onto rapidly for 1 minute. Drain and chop.

V2 cup chopped Planters Pecans floured board; roll to 10 x 16inch rec- (Dates may be substituted for raisins. ReConfectioners'sugar frosting tangle. Spread with fruitnut batter. Roll move pits from dates before chopping.)

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

ftLet's see now, One sure way do we have is with a Beneficial

Family Benefactor Plan everybody?"One lowcost policy not only provides

life insurance for Mom and Dad and

Like the classic story of the every child in your family now, but tourist family who left allows for future additions... at no

one of their children back at increase in premiums. It's the ideal

plan for the young family. Valuable

the service station, conversion features make it easy for many families overlook your children to acquire more life younger family members insurance when they get older.

in their insurance programs.

Is this 'family package"the It's a good idea to have plan for you?

your Beneficial man help you For more information, mail coupon make sure that you have below, or call your local everybody covered. Beneficial Life agent.

Dept. 365 Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please mail more information about your Family Benefactor Plan. BENEFICIAL LEPE

call.Q Please have your local Beneficial Life agent

Name Salt Lake City, UtahStreet or RFD Vtrffl H. Smith, Pres.VJcT/

Telephone. Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.

City. State Zip Code