Charter No. 4341

REPORT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE Reserve District No. 12

Of SaltUTAHLake City, in STATEthe State of Utah, NATIONALat the close of business on BANKSeptember 30, 1932.

Loans and discounts RESOURCES * l,540,285.65 Overdrafts

1,807.62 United States securities government. owned

Other bonds, stocks securities and owned i,906,637.12,317,734.38 Banking house,; $238,390.14 Furniture fixtures, and $17,821.92 '256,212.06 Real Estate other owned than banking house '70,729.14 Reserve with Federal Reserve bank 606,539.46 Cash and due from banks i 035,633.43.........."""\\\".". Outside checks other and items cash

35,934.03 Redemption S. with fund treasurer U. and due from treasurer U.S. 25,000.00 Other assets

73.64 Total.$10,796,649.53

LIABILITIES Capital stock in paid 500,000.00 Surplus

250,000.00 Undivided profits net

327,187.09 Reserves for dividends, contingencies, "............... etc 50,000.00 Reserves for interest, taxes and other expenses accrued and unpaid........... 36,602.30 Circulating notes outstanding

500,000.00 to banks, Due including certified cashiers'and checks outstanding,568,852.89 deposits Demand if,310,825.10 Time deposits i

,253,182.15 Bills payable and rediscounts None

Total $10,796,649.53 f1

State of Utah, Salt Lake—ss.

** * * abOTe ment'ifSe 1 County&of S'inTi&S'.Shr EDWIN JR., Cashier, G. WOOLLEY,

Correct—Attest

A. W. IVINS,

R. W. MADSEN,

JOHN F. BENNETT,

Directors.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of October, 1932.

(Seal) Public. JOS. E. BOUD, Notary

A TOUGHBODIED OIL THAT'SNOW—

below zero* freeflowing New Winter Vico is Pumpable at 30 Below Zero

Lubricates 80% Faster... Gives Better Protection

Vico has Ions been fop its noted resistance heat, to faster than ordinary oils. dewaxed It will prevent dilution. wear and Now, entirely scientific an new costly motor wear caused failure by of colastiffened lias development Vico made the oil to circulate coldproof—without or failure... of heatthinned oil to loss of one of its degree vital resistance. heat up. hold Vico has a tough body, it flows yet freely Severe road and laboratory tests have that proved at zero! below Vico dealers now the have new it flows freely at extremely low is temperatures... winter in Vico the correct grade for car. your 30.. pumpable. at below zero lubricates 80% Change to winter Vico now.

Hear the Pep 88 and Vico Musical Revue every Thursday evening 'at 9 o'clock over KSL,

Manufactured and Guaranteed by

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY, Salt Lake City ICOOIL MOTOR

0heimprovement and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family r*HE January number of The EDITORIALS

Improvement Era will feature, Christmas Greetings From The irst Presidency more or less, the aborigines of the A Message From Europe Heber J. Grant1 and AnthonyJohn A. W.WidtsoeIvins 6767

Americas. It will include stories

of ancient and modern times as ARTICLES well as many pictures of ancient Our Lord the Christ James E. Talmage 69

74American ruins. TheGreatnessNext inHunredMen—JosephYears F. Merrill BryantLowyS. HinckleyNelson

The Frontispiece (Painting by Lee Greene Richards)—Alice Merrill Home 77

Appreciation Joseph Roberts 81 B. H. Smith—An

Belle J. Benchley Donner and Blitzen 82 'I *HE football game which was

The Oldest Christmas Tree on Earth Cristel Hastings 83 to be played in the DecemResults of "Why Not Shoot"Contest 86 ber number had to be postponed The Civil War A Surprise Chas. A. Callis 87

until January. Santa Claus, after President Joseph W. McMurrin Levi Edgar Young 9 1

Good Story Telling Hydon Dimmock 95 all, is a great line plunger at Christ- A Fleet of Frigates 96 mas time and even Wendell White, Book Reviews 9

Whitney's star fullback, could not Lights and Shadows on the Screen 100 hold up against him. FICTION

i i i Our Farmer Grant H. Redford 78

Christmas Bills Christie Lund 84

Y\0 you know anything about Silver Lining Claire W. Noall 93

Fair at Chicago World's the POETRY next summer? is openingwhich Cristel Hastings 83 If The First Christmas

not, you will be interested in an The Call Robert I. Burton 90

article about what the promoters Learning Lamont Johnson 90

Claire S. Boyer 90 To Youth

Ingles Graceare expecting to do in connection Gifts Frost 90 with recent discoveries in Mexico. 1 Speak of God Ann Jarois 90

See the January number. Damascus Grace McKinstry 90

Bells Lamont Johnson 90 i i i A Skeptic's Christmas Eve Carlton Culmsee 92

Sleep, Little Mother, Sleep Elizabeth Dodds 1 12 "\X7E'RE promising some stirTo Autumn Lovenia B. Honley 114

ring stories for January. Winter..Blanche Kendall McKey 126

i i i DEPARTMENTS The Cover GoodChurchStoryMusicTelling 1019 5

HpHE cover picture for DecemMelchizeekAaronic PriesthoodPriesthood 104102 ber is an actual photograph of Mutual Messages the Bells in one of the famous ExecutiveAdults Department 107110 GleanerM Men GirlsPledge * 1121 1 churches of Jerusalem showing in Seniors 110 Junior Girls 113 the distance the Mount of Olives. Sunday Evening Joint Session. Ill BeeHive Girls 114

: 111 Vanguards 115 Gleaners M-MenThe photograph was taken by:. H6 Boy Scouts

Adelbert Bartlett. -let's talk it over 128

Published monthly by fhe GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

by the 1932, Improvement Mutual Young Men's at mailing for Acceptance matter. B. Peterson, O. Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copyright,Association Corporation the Jesus Christ Church of for rate of provided special postage George Q. Morris, Saints. rights erfreserved. All of Latterday

of October, in section Act 1103, Rachel Taylor, Grant price, Subscription a year, $2.00 in advance;

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

/ Christmas Greeting from The First Presidency

To Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of draw near unto the Lord, He will draw near to them.

Latterday Saints in alt the World: No earnest, righteous prayer has ever gone unheard

or unanswered. No matter in what land we may

Dear Brethren and Sisters: dwell the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ makes us

At this season of the year it is customary for people brothers and sisters, interested in each other, eager everywhere to send to their friends and relatives to understand and know each other.

greetings which carry with them their sincere love The New Year holds out new promises of hope.

and appreciation. Knowing that The Improvement Men and women everywhere should determine in

Era goes to Saints and Elders in every land and clime, their hearts that they will be worthy of the Lord's we, your brethren, take opportunity through its choicest blessings. If they will prepare themselves

pages to convey to you a message of good cheer. for the companionship of His Holy Spirit, they will

In many ways the year has been a hard one for find a new joy which passeth the understanding our people, but in others it has brought blessings in of man.

rich abundance to our doors. While financial troubles May the Lord be with you all, our brothers and

have upset the even course of events not only in sisters, wherever you may dwell. (May His peace

America but in other countries as well, they have be in your hearts; may His Spirit inspire you to new

mellowed the hearts of men and women until perachievements in brotherly and neighborly service.

haps on this Christmas the true spirit of Christianity This is the prayer of your brethren in the Gospel of will shine with an added lustre. Heart may speak Jesus Christ,

to heart, soul to soul this season in a manner more Heber J. Grant,

pleasing to the Master than for many years. Anthony W. Ivins.

We wish to assure our people that if they will The First Presidency of the Church.

A Message from Europe f I 1HE members of the Church who live or serve insignificance,'she is on the road to joy. A sure

-*- in Europe stand soberly before the coming paymaster is our Lord.

annual celebration of the earthly advent of the Strange it may seem, but so it is, that the prime

Savior of men. ministers of the nations might sit at the feet of this

Confusion is engulfing these lands. The captains humble sister, and learn from her how to solve

struggle in dark fogs and without adequate charts. the problems of the day. She has touched the eternal

They are helpless. Multitudes are in distress. Things law of devotion and sacrifice, and tapped the everare not as the Lord intended. lasting source of peace and prosperity. Devotion,

Upon my desk lies a letter, written by a sister, stepssacrifice,to earthlylove ofandmanheavenlyand God,joy. are the ascending

a humble member of the Church, who toils daily, at Lift your eyes to the man upon the cross! He gave

the starvation wage of this land, for bread for herself of himself, from the beginning, for us, his brethren and others. She points unwittingly to the way out and sisters, and his love became eternally enduring.

of the world's dilemma. His love for us made it possible for him to walk

"Enclosed you will find a 1-0-0 note ($4.89). Would you earth's troubled years to Golgotha. His death gave

there happens to be for help to provideplease put it to any fund us life. everyone give of himself, So else be must

in the field.for while missionaries

rich the fruits Sacrifice! Sacrifice denied of love.

not "It is very much, I know, but it may do one atom of good. for a righteous cause is the word of divine power. it will.I hope

"I have saved it by 3d (6 cents) a week until it reached its There is no other way. Let it be written upon the

present sum. walls of the earth's great council chambers.

"Trusting all is well with you and Sister Widtsoe, There are many members of the Church in Europe "Sincerely yours."who have learned and who practice the lesson of

sacrifice. That is why the little branches here, far

Eighty weeks of laying by 3d, weekly, out of her removed from the center of the Church, enjoy spiritpitifully small income: Eighty weeks of selfdenials, ual feasts. The European Saints, one with the Church,

of forgetting herself in a great cause, of sacrifice! learning the same Gospel and engaging in the same

Eighty weeks of an increasing fire of love for the activities, send hearty, grateful and loving greetings

Gospel, humanity, and all that the plan of salvation to their brethren and sisters in the stakes and missions stands for! Is this dear sister happy? Why ask? In of Zion throughout the world.

the midst of earth's control, though in poverty and John A. Widtsoe.

The Christ—By Hoffman

jvjSBSSb1 Our cFord the (Christ F By JAMES E. TALMAGE

Of the Council of the Twelve Apostles

Man Supreme! He was unique in having been accepted and THE In whom dwelt manhood in completeforeordained to be the Redeemer and Savior of

ness and the fulness of the Godhead bodily. mankind, and yet again in the fact of His absolute

Under the Father's empowerment the Creator of sinlessness.

the heavens and the earth. He was the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob,

Jehovah, the Eternally Existing One, who is the Jehovah of the Old Testament and the Christ from everlasting to everlasting, the I AM of eterof the New.

nity past, of time, and of eternity to come. No man can return to the Father except through

Whom the Father called His Chosen, His Bethe Son, for the name of Jesus Christ is "the loved Son, His Firstborn of spirits, His Only only name which shall be given under heaven,

Begotten in the flesh. whereby salvation shall come unto the children

The Word who wa in the beginning, who was of men."

with God, who was God, who was made flesh and manifested He has to Himself in person His I dwelt men. among in prophets the present dispensation, and has spoken

Foremost of all who have trodden the earth with them as one man speaks with another.

with mortal feet. He is known to be in the likeness of the Eternal

Babe of Bethlehem, The of the Boy express of image the Father's person Nazareth, Father—the the grief. acquainted of Sorrows with Man for both have been seen in this the dis- i heard and

My Elder Brother and yours. pensation of consummation and fulness.

The Teacher Preeminent. Through the instrumentality of men commisHe who was condemned as a malefactor, died sioned to officiate for Him, He has reestablished His

as a mortal, rose as a God Triumphant. Church upon the earth, for the last time, and has

the race of death, Redeemer from Savior from bestowed it His of Jesus upon Church effects the sin, life of source eternal. of Saints.name—The Christ of Latterday I

first to forth come The a the from officered tomb His of old, He has Church as with

Resurrected Soul. apostles, patriarchs, high priests, seventies, elders,

The Conquerer of death and hell. bishops, priests, teachers and deacons.

He who shall come in like manner as He went Again as aforetime He has called and is calling and shall reign personally upon the earth with His mankind to faith and repentance, then to baptism

Saints. by water, and to the baptism of the Spirit through

He who shall deliver to the Father the cleansed the bestowal of the Holy Ghost by the authorized and purified earth, with its hosts of the redeemed, imposition of hands.

saying, "'I have overcome and have trodden the He manifests His powers through the graces winepress shall be crowned with He the Spirit, of as seen in gifts of revelation, prophecy, alone'—then

to sit of His glory the crown the of throne on interpretation, tongues and their by inspired dreams

His power to reign forever and ever."and visions, by healings, and by a diversity of

He has been repeatedly proclaimed by the Father's gifts called by man miracles.

voice as the Son Divine, and from boyhood to Through Him Redemption is assured and Salvasacrificial death solemnly avowed His own exalted tion made possible to every soul. Salvation instatus as that Son of Man. Prophets and apostles cludes and exceeds redemption. It is the plan

in both olden and modern days, and the "common conceived in the mind of God the Eternal Father people"who heard Him gladly, have reverently and given to man through Jesus Christ, whereby affirmed His divinity. Angels have sung and the degenerating and disastrous results of indidemons shrieked His name as that of power and vidual transgression may be atoned for; it is the

Godship. means by which the loathsome malady of sin may

We acclaim Jesus Christ as the veritable Son be cured. Redemption, or rescue from death, is

of the Eternal Father in both spirit and body. of universal assurance, salvation is of individual

He lived as a Man among men yet was wholly attainment, made possible in fulness through comunique in that He combined within Himself the pliance with the laws and ordinances of the Gospel attributes of mortality as the heritage from a mortal based on the Atonement accomplished by Him mother and the powers of Godhood received as a alone.

birthright from His immortal Father. A Redeemer and Savior is essential to the acThus He became capable of death and died, yet complishment of the Father's work and glory

had power over death, and so held death in abey- "to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life ance until He willed to die. This He affirmed of man."

while yet He was mortal: "Therefore doth my Sometime, somewhere, the knowledge of the

rather love me, because I lay down my life, that Lord shall come to every soul with saving or

I might ta'ke it again. No man taketh it from convicting effect; then every knee shall bow, and me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to every tongue confess that He is the Christ, the I

lay it down, and I have power to take it again."Son of the Living God.

I,l<=ij,<*=ll!3)g&**@

'Holy Family"—By Ludtcig Krauss

.

The Next

By LOWRY NELSON

The title of this article should catch the imagination of thoughtful youth as well as that of experienced age. Dr. Nelson

suggests new objectives for the Youth of the Church now that some of the earlier ones have been realized Nauvoo, the Beautiful, from an old print.

I world with faith and fearlessness, who had the strength of body and and conquered it. the courage of heart to go to it and

hundred years ago a Their eyes were not upon the subdue it. They said farewell perONEsmall group of people who past; they were set definitely tomanently to their old communities,

had consolidated themward the future. They looked out their old neighborhoods, and their

selves into what has become known to a vast unappropriated wilderold homes. They sheared the ropes

as the Mormon Church, faced a new ness, where land could be had by all that tied them to old associations and to old institutions.

\ They were the intrepid and courageous founders of the Church.

Today their children's children, following faithfully after the tradition which they began, celebrate a century of successful Mormon achievement. The

celebration is marked by an attitude of "taking stock"of present capital; of paying due respect to those of

the past who contributed so much to that stock, and to an appraisal of future needs and future prospects.

A/TOST of all, it is the future which concerns us. The past is gone. We

cannot call it back or alter it one iota. For better or

worse, "the moving hand has writ, and having writ, Early Mormon Settlement moves on."But we do

72 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

nurse the hope that we can do today the clamoring call is tasks also been taken up by 1900. Fedsomething about our future. Just for men. The eager employer no eral Reclamation came into being

as the founders of the Church longer sends his agents to comb the in 1902 as a means of bringing turned their faces toward the future world for human hands to work. under cultivation lands which prirather than focussing them on the Today the human hands are supvate resources were not able to refutile past; so the present generaplicating employers to give them claim. These lands proved to be

tion can with profit and adventure, work to do. expensive and are spoken of by the

turn its face forward. The meteoric rise of our populaeconomist as marginal or in some

In this forward glance, what is tion line in response to the virgin cases, submarginal lands. Our

it that one sees? Here is a world economic opportunities, was one outlook for economic growth,

vastly different from that of a cenof the sociological features of the therefore, does not lie in agricultury ago. Then the population past century. But the rate of poptural expansion. Tens of thouof the United sands of acres

in theStates was Ifipitii f- of landabout 13,- Mountain 000,000; toStates were

d a y it is aba ndoned 1 22,000,- during the 000. The postwar denew nation flation. The

then, was countryto- only about c i t y move47 percent of ment in the i t s present population area. Then, was greater

the Western in this geofrontier was graphic area the Missouri than in any River; and other in the

the vast Misnation, indisissippi Basin cating that was but we had too sparsely setmuch land of tled. The a marginal

great call was character unfor settlers to der cultivatake up the An airplane view of Salt Lake City showing how "Zion"is built—Now tion. It is

land and plain, therebring it into cultivation. Today, ulation growth has steadily defore, that we cannot expect any

practically all of the available land clined. In 1870 the percent of great agricultural development

for agricultural use has been approincrease over 1860 amounted to in the future comparable to that priated and utilized. No longer 26.6; while the rate from 1920 to of the past. This is an unwelmay the young man and his bride 1930 was only 13.0 percent. come fact, but one which we

look forward to finding an ecoWithout a new economic release would do well to face squarely.

nomic foundation on the free pubof some kind, there is no hope for Future expansion in agriculture lie domain. any considerable increase in our cannot be horizontal or extensive;

The vast mineral resources of national population, or that of any if there is expansion, it must be the nation were practically unof the states. vertical, or intensive. There are

touched oneone hundredhundred years ago. difficulties in the way of our exThe rich timber lands and fur II pansion in any direction. There

producing areas merely awaited the is only so much range land, and it coming of men with physical enHpHE economic changes which is all being utilized. There is but

durance and resources sufficient to have taken place in the Mor- a limited area of tillable land, and allow them to pick the first fruits mon West are significant. The it is all being farmed. There is a

of nature's bounty. In this dypopulation of the Mountain States relatively small supply of irrigation

namic period of the past hundred grew rapidly up until about 1920. water, and it is virtually all apyears, the vast transportation sys- "his increase was made possible propriated. Thus, the economic

tems have been built. The packby the availability of land for outlook is changed. Our foreing industry, the automobile inhomesteading, and the development fathers looked out and forward to

dusty; in short, practically our of the mining and livestock inthe vast virgin resources, which

entire industrialeconomic strucdustries. The extent of utilization they were at liberty to utilize

ture has been built during this era. of natural resources is illustrated without much cost to them. We

by the fact that by 1900 the range their children, see those resources '"pHE contrast in economic outlands were so badly used up, that now in a relatively advanced stage look, between the former peit was necessary to establish some of development.

riod and the present is indeed strikmeans of control. The Forest This thought might prove dising. The great shortage of the Service came into being in 1905. heartening were we not familiar

early period was men for tasks; The better areas of farm land had enough with history to know that

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 73

each generation must find its own Church; it will doubtless be youth were thus able to develop a relamethod of expression; and must, who will meet the present challenge tively high degree of social effiin a sense, lift itself by its own for pioneers in these undiscovered ciency.

bootstraps. ways that stretch out before us. This is well illustrated by the Our economic future—so far as history of practically every comit is no simple task to ment it was necessary for a handacerned—ismarked expansionlocked in themaywitsbeofconthe [Tlem;is easybut to point out the probmunity. In the first year of settleyoung men and women of this propose remedies. I have just a ful of people to accomplish almost

generation. Not one of them few suggestions which might serve impossible feats. In one season,

would admit that we have reached as a basis for proceeding in the usually, the settlers would have to the limit of our economic developdirection of a solution. I have albuild shelter for themselves, build

ment; although the avenues for ready alluded to the conviction that a road to the canyon to get out

economic release are not quite obany solution to our economic probtimber, clear and plow land for vious. But once the problem is lem of finding a new release will farming and plant it, build an

widely recognized, the collective come from the brain of youth. irrigation canal as well as a dam

and individual ingenuity of youth This mental process will be greatly in the river, and many lesser enwill undoubtedly find a solution. accelerated by group discussions terprises, and all the while, having

provided they are characterized by to guard themselves against the

Ill a great deal of freedom. We have danger of attack by hostile Indians.

a of technique achieved yet not into written achievement an Such life economic andV/TORMON is adequate discussion which group histories of of early the so many influgreat institutions have sort of the thinking to bring out possible only communities, our was life generally. socialence our on will experience needed now. Much effective of technique an through they noted, already haveAs we idea this be before can necessary be cooperation. alteringaffect population, the by I general, realized; in should but

the rate of increase, stimulating say, that our collective thinking But that was a type of cooperamigration, and by changing the too often stops on the emotional tion possible only under special composition as regards age and sex level and fails to reach the intelconditions. First of all, the people

distribution. Our rate of increase lectual level, which is the level of to succeed in such a pattern of acis slowing down; our people are common sense. tion must be one in spirit; and

migrating at the rate of several In addition to the need of a secondly, they must be faced with thousand each year. (Our net loss technique of group discussion, we necessity from without. It is much

from migration in the decade 1920 are in need of developing a new the same type of cooperation as to 1930 was nearly 30,000 peotechnique of cooperation. Much exists in the army. There is alple.) Some are saying that our of the economic achievement of most complete submergence of the

valleys are filled, and there is room the Mormon people is due to the individual in the group and comfor no more people here. Certain fact that they worked together and plete polarization about a leader.

it is, that most of our rural comof conditions that seems States in to memunities the Mountain a typeare barely present "holding in ITthe day demand their own"regard to size. Twelve counties of cooperation somewhat different

in Utah, for instance, actually lost from that of the earlier period.

population between 1920 and There is not the same degree of 1930. This fact is especially deunanimity among us now as there

pressing. It is a pleasant expewas then, and not the same degree

rience for any community to be of necessity forcing us into the patincreasing in population; it is detern. The technique of cooperacidedly unpleasant to be losing. tion for the future will need to

There is less of hope and morale in recognize these facts. It will prob-

a decreasing population than in ably be less of the military and a growing one. This change in more of the democratic pattern.

psychological outlook is due in The realization of this new techpart to the decline in the middle nique will probably have to await in the population.age groups The!a spirit us of the growth among was 7)R. NELSON LOWRY migrate people in large numyoung -* willare tolerance. of Only as we County, Utah, born in Emery

bers from such places. We shall graduated from the Carbon County ing to allow a man to differ from

his Price, took at school B. high thehave inevitable and to recognize respects, yet admit in S. us and some

State the Agridegree Utah from If accordingly. ourselvesadjust circle or to neighborhood Our him later cultural in College 1916, and

our communities cannot be bigger, his M. S. and Ph. D. degrees from and be ready to work with him to

they can at least be better. the University of Wisconsin. He the achievement of a common end,

Whether they become bigger or hasin Utahheld includingmany importantthose ofpositionscounty can we develop a satisfactory denot, and I assume growth is desiragent and editor of the Utah gree of mutual aid or cooperative able, will depend upon our disFarmer. He has made several soeffort. With steady growth in incovery of new economic foundaciological studies of Utah villages tellectual enlightenment which has

tions. This discovery, I repeat, recognition.which have broughtAt presenthim henationalis dicharacterized the last century, with

will very probably come from the rector of the Extension Division, its inevitable breaking down of brains of our youth. It was a Brigham Young University. provincialisms, this new spirit of

band of youths who founded the (Continued on page 117)

Greatness in Men In this last biography of a series of fifteen which has pictured all three members of the First Presidency and all twelve members of the quorum of the Twelve, President

Hinckley has drawn another portrait of a great man who has climbed to unusually high altitudes in the fields of education and religion. The story of Dr. MerrilPs life is a fitting climax

to fifteen unusual stories.

F.JOSEPH MERRILL

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

is no greater inspiration to theTHERE youth of this Church than the achievements of its leaders. "Who's

Who in America,"a biographical dictionary;:. '.:':..::...

of notable living men and women of the

United States has this to say with reference to Dr. Joseph F. Merrill:

"Educator; born in Richmond, Utah, August

24, 1868; son of Marriner Wood and Maria L.

(Kingsbury) Merrill; graduated from Normal

School of University of Utah, 1889; B. S., University of Michigan, 1893; Cornell, summers of

1893 and 1902; University of Chicago, summers

of 1894, 1896, 1897; Ph. D., Johns Hopkins University, 1899; D. Sc, University of Utah, 1920.

Married Annie Laura Hyde, of Salt Lake City,

June 9, 1898. She died February 1917. Married

Emily L. Traub of Ft. Wayne, Indiana, June 29,

1918. Assistant professor of chemistry 189397,

professor of physics and physical chemistry 189799, director Utah State School of Mines and

Engineering 18971928, professor of physics and electrical engineering, 18991928, director of war training 1918, University of Utah; Commissioner of Education, Latterday Saint Church,

1928. Member and secretary Utah State Conservation Commission 190912. Advisory member

Democratic State Central Committee, campaigns 1910, 12, 14, 16. Member Mormon Church; 1st

counselor in presidency of Granite Stake, 191119. Fellow of American Institute Electrical Engineers A. A. A. S., American Physical Society,

Utah Academy of Science. Member Society for

Promotion of Engineering. Education, N. E. A.,

Utah Society of Engineers (pres. 190710). Utah

Teachers'Association (pres. 1911). Member of

the Governing Board of Engineers,- Council of

Utah, 192127 (pres. 192324). Author: Manual

of Physics, 1907, 3rd edit. 1927. Home: 1324

East 1st South St., Salt Lake City, Utah."

HpHE foregoing is a compact statement epitomizing the work of a busy life and giving complishments depend, else he could not have achieved in outline the achievements of the latest apostle to be so splendidly, winning the titles which adorn his ordained in the Church, Dr. Joseph F. Merrill. While name and doing the work which stands to his credit.

it clearly indicates definite capabilities and characterThe men are few indeed who have achieved so much in istics it gives no clear impression of the man himself the scientific field. This is the result of superior ability

who is finer and better than anything he has done. backed with hard work.

Reading this digest one is enabled to make some Commenting upon Dr. Merrill's ability, his lifedeductions with reference to him. long friend and intimate associate, Dr. Richard R.

1st—He is scientificminded, which means that he Lyman, said:

has that quality of intellect upon which superior ac- "Joseph F. Merrill has a keen intellect. His degree, Doctor of

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 75

Philosophy from Johns Hopkins tion to him in his later work

University, to with election the and his selection for this literaryhonorary society of Phi

Beta Kappa on top of it, makes a work is proof of his superior scholastic honor obtained by few ability.

anywhere in the land, to say nothis professionally ing of those from our small state. 3rd—He

It is only possible for those who interested in his work, which unusualhave to mental capacity his active fact is evidenced by achieve such eminence in modern in participation the learnedscholarship."

2nd-—He is thoroughlysocietieswith whichand heorganizationsis identified

trained, as shown in the fact and which have for their aim that he has the highest crethe advancement of engineerdentials from some of the ing and all that is related to foremost institutions in the it.

United States. He is recognized as an authority in the I-JE has membership in the

field in which he has given national as well as local his major service. This is scientific organizations in his

further shown in the confield of work; he is a memtributions which he has ber of the American Institute

made to engineering through of Electrical Engineers, the research and investigation. American Association for

the Advancement of Science, 1X/"HILE a student in the the American Physics SoUniversity of Michciety, the Utah Academy of igan, Dr. Merrill assisted Sciences, the Society for the

Professor Novey and others Promotion of Engineering in the medical department Mrs. Emily Traub Merrill Education, and the Nationwho were carrying on some al Educational Association;

very important experimental work and needed At home he has been active in all local organizations the assistance of a competent chemist. He was recomof like character. He is a charter member of the Utah

mended for this work by the department of chemistry. Society of Engineers and has repeatedly been president

This contact with great investigators was an inspiraof the society. He has been president of the Utah EdThe Family Twentytivo Years Ago

76 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

the first two years of their courses.

This plan of keeping the students together in the same classes avoided small classes and thus greatly reduced expenses and thereby made it possible better to equip the laboratories. The plan proposed by Dr.

Merrill at the University of Utah later became the plan generally approved by engineering schools and the one recommended in 1925 by the Society for the Promotion of

Engineering Education, the authoritative organization in this country in the teaching of engineering.

This plan was best for the init—beststitutionforandthe bestinstitutionfor thebecausestudents

cost less and best for the students because it provided better facilities without additional cost.

Dr. Merrill introduced another

Maria L. Kingsbury Merrill innovation of great merit: In Apostle Marriner Wood Merrill

ucational Association, of the Utah same time enabled students who

Section of the American Institute were compelled to do part time of Electrical Engineers, also of the work for their maintenance to betEngineering Council of Engineers. ter adjust their program of study.

is practical in his think4th—He

dealing, preferring always to with:S director of the School. of A Mines and Engineering andrealities rather than with theories. $fi Wlr%

Heground—hekeeps hisneverfeetlosesfirmlyhis orientaon the headand Electricalof the DepartmentEngineeringof Physicsat the

tion; he is sane and safe. University of Utah, as well as

is alert and progressive Commissioner of Education, this 5 th—He

in his ideas, always thinking ahead same principle of wisdom and econis thoroughly groundThese are all general statementsof 6th—Hehis profession. omy was carried out.

ed in his faith. and they do not deal with the

interesting human side of his life.

pERHAPS the major accomplishJoseph F. Merrill has a fine backment of his life was the work ground. His forbears on both

which he did in the University of sides were strong and superior

Utah in the establishment of the people. His father, Marriner

School of Mines and in the organ- W. Merrill of the Quorum of

ization and development of the Twelve, was a man of enterprise department of physics and electrical Dr. Joseph F. Merrill qt the Age of 25 and business sagacity, with an unengineering over which he presided. usual spiritual insight, possessing at

Economy, honesty, and industry January, 1919, the large freshman the same time that rare and priceless are ingrained in his very nature. class in engineering was divided incapacity of training boys in the funHe is intrinsically and genuinely to two sections, one with class work damentals of success, industry, inhonest and any waste or extravain the morning and laboratory work tegrity, selfreliance, and a desire

gance is distasteful to him. He in the afternoon; the other with for learning. To his children this

learned these great underlying and laboratory work in the morning man was far above all other men.

fundamental virtues as a boy in his and class work in the afternoon. Dr. Merrill grew to manhood on

own home and they have found This made the laboratory available a farm near Richmond, Cache expression throughout his life. The and busy all day and likewise kept County, Utah, the eldest of his

fact that he is ruggedly and basicthe class rooms occupied. Under this mother's boys, which fact forced

ally honest is shown in the way in plan, laboratory equipment which him, early in life, to carry responsiwhich he has handled public funds. otherwise might be used by only bility and to make the acquaintance

This was clearly manifested in his twenty students going once a week of hard work.

work in the University of Utah. provided facilities for two hundred The farm has been the cradle of

He managed the affairs of his deand twenty students, there being many of the ablest and best men in partment most efficiently and ecoeleven onehalf day periods during America. Contact with the soil

nomically, planning the courses so the school week. It is apparent gives a boy a soberness in his thinkthat civil, electrical, mechanical, that this plan effected a tremendous ing and a sense of values hard to

mining and other engineering stueconomy without interfering with acquire in any other way.

dents had the same curriculum for the efficiency of the work and at the When eleven he worked with a

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 77

railroad construction camp as water of them did graduate work in leadsity, and another a public school boy, and then he drove a team and ing American universities outside superintendent. Of the others, one

scraper when he was so small that of Utah, three of them receiving became a bank manager, and two his brother had to help him dump the degree Ph. D. and four Masheads of departments in large inthe scraper, and at thirteen he did ters'degrees. The two others redustrial organizations functioning

a man's work on the railroad. He ceived M. D. degrees. Four sons in several states, one of them nawas large for his age. became heads of departments in tional in scope. Of the remaining

He attended a school in the little state universities, one other a dethree sons one is a farmer and two town of Richmond which was two partment head in a private univerare equally successful business salesmiles from the farm on which his men and are leaders in their comfamily lived. Whenever the weather munities.

would permit he walked to and from school. This necessitated his The Frontispiece pROM his childhood Joseph F.

rising early in the morning in order By Lee Greene Richards Merrill has been active in to do his chores in time for school Church service. While attending

Greene by Lee Z>UILDING CASTLES, the University he preof Michigan after then schooland working until *-* Richards, an exhilarating figure sided over the branch there and on dark, to play. so he time had no painting, as the December is shown

L.JE was exceedingly diffident and frontispiece.for the recentThiscoveredpicturewagonwas celebrationconceived hisDr. returnRichardheR.wasLymanassociatedin thewithSurefers feeling with much now easel. years the been has Mr. and on 'two perintendency of the Men's Young

is painter as Richards of first power, a interest to his experience knownand Association Mutual Improvement is direct, sincere, this frank, picture and as teacher. teaching a ward Ward Stake. of Salt eight years For Lake clean, his of harmonious and example an

scattered families the of hisamong color. paints both Richards with Mr. to he President was counselor Frank

neighborhood be durdone had to flair oil color, for has a water but and Stake. Y. of Granite Taylor He the oil medium. theing day. he was a young When to the ordained apostleship was masterful composition shows a The priest assigned he to labor in was October 8, 1931. of lights unwith darks handlinq and

this capacity with Elder Joseph usual contrasts in shade and color in In June, 1 898, he married Annie experiencedKerr, capable his surpasses an himself and he which only by Laura daughter Hyde, of Alonzo this theme. for pioneer sympathy teacher. these exquisite regularity With a and Annie Maria Hyde, Taylor rests builder"bank, on a The "castle visits their everybrethren made a pine, of under a low, dark dreaming of nobility of character and woman

visits these themonth. During as the empire, covered slowly wagons new rare sweetness of disposition. She

their the descend near priest narrow his to take turn hadyoung canyon—so in died leaving the 1917, following goat, cherished freighted the with mostpresiding, the conducting meeting children: H., Joseph H., Annie possessions of a cultured of company

Itin a family. other every was is figure that of a women. and men The H., Edith H., H., Rowland Taylor

difficultgreat task a for and boy but highbred daintily frocked young woman, H., Eugene Laura and These H.

in light blue. strong, in holds her She it best. his did overhe was When children displayed the sterling have beautiful as hands, she dreams, a bouquet his returned he heartand was home qualities their parents. of freshly of wild plucked Indianpaint- They

full hislight soul peace of and and brush. have all been college graduated from

satisfaction. declares is that sitter this for pioneer He The young now the youngest daughter, except Louise, Mrs. of Marie daughter Mr. andthat the best training was and

is in H., the Laura University who Richards. antecedents her Her both on best experiences the has heamong side father's are pioneers at of mother's and time. the present Utah The

ever in the Church. had forbears in the whose fought American eldest son, H., died Joseph an from

in his in Revolution, progenitors, whose and he became youth Thus attack in influenza of November, left turn, the the shores of World Old established his in faiththoroughly service in 1918, the while the of to seek in the a Western Hemishome a settled been has domiand—it is phere. direct This young maiden S. a U. Government. other The

life. in his influencenant matPriscilla descendant No of Alden. and John filled three boys have honorable

Lee Richards Greene as took a youth ter Merrill F. has Joseph where missions. all children are These to a Britain to the mission Great preach ingone, or has he company what brilliant ambitious Christ. of and have Gospel then he and Even was an

able tomingled, he been has make artist of proportions. In no mean Engfine the maintained traditions the of

intelligent dean and convincing land he all spare spent time at study Merrill family.

galleries, in the the seeking public outfense of the religion of the Latterday Saints. great portrait and figure painter, Sir In June, 1918, he married his

Joshua Reynolds, and his contemporary present wife, Emily L. Traub, who

note. great portrait of of Bathfor artists A deep desire he had a boy has inspiration been an to her husASa

state to presented the sheha Smith, W. his wise education a and an and band children mother to his in collection, the Capitol hangs Domefather sought to satisfy this longGallery and is reminiscent of Reynolds—always cooperating with him in

ing by giving to his son every enin color and technique. his endeavors. She is an educated

after his return Mr. Richards,couragement in his educational from woman of sound judgment and England, earned went to work, the money

ambitions, supplying him with the to study abroad, and went to Paris and warm sympathies, wise and prudent necessary funds, but otherwise leavexhibited often in both French Salons in the management of his home, ing the responsibility with him. in that city. JTe won honors and twice amiable, ambitious and capable. In

to managing the home sheAll of the money was returned SalonreturnedJury.to ParisHe hasto actspenton morethe Autumnmoney addition

with interest. Dr. Merrill's record on his art education than perhaps any attended the University of Utah

in school, which was outstanding, other Utahn. His portraits, landscapes, and, in 1922, graduated with her

still to are be drawings andinspired his seen foster brothers daughters, an ambiwith Edith, Annie and collections private and public manylife, histion to emulate example and in three of and the were them made is state in the rated elsewhere. and He

here is the record of the family: among the best painters of today. members of Phi Kappa Phi, honorMerrill Home. ary scholarship fraternity. Fourteen sons—eleven of whom—Alice

were graduated from college. Eight (Continued on page 121)

He ivas tcinning but his Here is a saga of sloicbecausevictoryMarthaseemedwashollournot the soli written by one winning with him.

wlw has tasted the dust newly risen from behind the plow—by one who

understands a little t h woman's heroic part changing our desert valley into fruitful fields.

college. RUDGING down the. had graduated from

dusty road to the plowing, dust rising in The soothing mellow music of slow clouds behind, Harold Homer scanned the plow turning intimate earth into the country he called home. Sagebrush fresh brown furrows, lulled the slow

swathed the sweltering land in grey, except resentment of him into peace and secure conwhere last year's yellow stubble, and the dark tentment. "Martha will learn to love the

brown of summerfallow, interrupted, as the somsubtle attraction of this land as I do,"he said, bre land stretched lazily east, west, north, and south, watching the crunching, crumbling flow of earth over against the gaunt, shrubpocked mountains. as it fell behind in two straight lines.

Just a tiring expanse of grey brown and yellow sweltering in the sun. Wt'HAT flowed from that fresh plowed

Never a tree, rarely a house or fence. Unchanging, land deep into him causing a satisfied ecstasy, he did

untiring dust and sand crying for water, sometimes not know. He only knew he was happy in the

bearing a grudging harvest of grain, sometimes chokinhospitable grey of the unconquerable land. He was

ing the seed into stunted shriveled stocks, sometimes young and the urge of combat in the challenge of the giving up the crops to early frost. land which boasted the ruin of dozens of deserted

His house and outsheds seemed like a harsh sound farms, called to him and held him to his purpose.

in the awful stillness of the enfolding grey. And That morning he had tried to explain all this to

like so many others scattered away in the distance his Martha; had tried to explain the joy of watching the

house and buildings threatened to become one with plowed earth fold in last year's stubble, and the deep the expanse of burning sand and sagebrush. undercurrents singing up from the apparent wastes of

"Not much to offer a college graduate like Martha,"barren land.

he thought as he hitched the horses to the plow. She had, with deep, uncontrolled emotion which

"But,"he stiffened, "she knew I was a farmer when seemed to drown her very love for him, said, sweeping she married me."her arm in a wide encompassing circle, "Look! look!

Harold Homer's college romance had flowered into Deserted homes, broken lives, dust, desert, sagebrush,! and you call it beaumarriage with Martha the year before, when they and the mocking sky! Oh—

Our By GRANT H.REDFORD armer

tiful, and a challenge to your manhood!"Her sobs drill, and while he milked at night, helped them to

shook with scorn and disgust. forget the many things they did not have, and be

Hurt worse than by a dull knifejab, his heart happy with each other. It almost assured Hal that

bursting with an inarticulate love, he could only his wife was beginning to feel the urge of the land.

murmur an ineffectual, "But Martha!"

One morning, a day or so later, she had put her jLIER talk about books crystallized his arms around him as he was going out to work, and desire for the Harvard Classics which he long had very tenderly said, "Hal, don't brood over what I wanted. Thinking about it as he went to his

a he decided work, to holdsaid little of the it, I check the cream other day, didn't mean really—each month. Christmas could by Maybeget so he have fields all lonesome in the with you gone

books and give to as a Christhis wife them silence the try, the so grows awful—I

! present! surprise mas her try! If would He Holdonly I to talk to, had someoneday,Hal—Iand

ing that little secret in his mind, he sang atsomething to read—."

Her tenderness cut little places in his his work, and planned a little saving here heart. He would like to fix things up and there.

better for her, but money was tight, and The dry farm he and Martha had purhe needed so much for spring seed. chased that spring was one which had

"We do need some books, Marty, been idle for several years. The

I get a longing for a good book family preceding them had left beonce in awhile, myself. And cause they could not pay the

with you here all alone each day, mortgage nor the taxes, so after it must get pretty tiresome. years of slow defeat they acKissing her, he started to knowledged drouth, heat, and

leave, "I hate to leave you the inhospitality of the land as here today, Marty. victors. As they left with their

Come and ride with me belongings, the woman cursed on the plow for the land with bitter hate. It

awhile. Never mind had taken her youth, and

the dishes, or dintwo of her children, just as it had taken the youth andner—you can

come in early and children of many others, get a bite."and sent them away

poor, if not demented.

(Continued on page 14 8)

times of comrade- "Hal, don't ship on the plow, brood over what and during seed- I said the other t i m e on the day,it, really."I didn't mean

Joseph Smith, from a recent painting by Peter M. Kam.pt

a

*&*&&*m& f Joseph Smith An Appreciation—fiy B. H. ROBERTS

"For other foundation can no man lay than than a false prophet, whom the world would be that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. Now if any well served by being rid of, no matter how, and

this silver, gold, foundation, man build upon prewhose they utterly works would cious stones, hay, wood, stubble; every man's gladly see work hell!destroy—whom they would cast into

shall be made manifest for the day shall dectare it, Frankly I confess myself to be of the first class:

because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall one who believes in him, accepts him as a Prophet

try every man's work of what sort it is."(I Cor. of the Most High God, inspired as no other man

3:1113.) has been inspired to establish God's truth in the

world; one who believes in him without reservaITtriedwas toa happylay no circumstanceother foundationthat thanJosephthatSmithlaid tion.him oneTo ofme God'she was "great,"a mighty andspirit"noble,"which madeand

in Christ Jesus, our Lord. Had he done so "good"intelligences in his own right, by the very

his work would have been under condemnation nature of him; he was perhaps, second only to

from the beginning, but his announced New Disthe Christ, the Son of God, in that spirit estate pensation included the Christ to the very height preceding earthlife. To this spirit, great, aid

of his Deity, doctrine and glory. No other founmighty, and strong, God gave in addition, authordation could any man lay, and Joseph Smith ity and inspiration which made him of a quick

made the Christ supreme in his scheme of things. and mighty understanding.

It is the Christ and his fidelity and his truth that In this atmosphere concerning him, I grew from gave Joseph Smith's announcement the authority my childhood; I reveled in the things I heard of

and power of God; and hence his work endures. him long before I could read them for myself;

No mere wood, hay, or stubble in it; but gold, they were read to me from the books that were

silver, about and otherwise precious stones,—the things of highest valpublished

ues! that told the storyhim—friendlyof his heroisms, his fearless

Every man's work who builds on the foundation courage, his unbounded love for his friends, his of Christ, even, is to be tested as by fire. Time reverence for God and sacred things, his integrity

has the same effect; and Joseph Smith's work has up to his martyrdom. For all this, I loved him,

stood the test of time as of fire. About the time as I now love him.

of the initial movements that founded the New I was influenced by the boldness of his claims,

Dispensation of the gospel a lot of "isms"for the tremendous intellectual daring, that so "cults,"sprang into existence, religions, and phillifted him above common men. Perhaps in boySpiritualism, osophies. I loved for hood Owenthe very him sway and swagger

its cult for him, his designed author of and communisticThese—Quakerism. eloquence. unschooled by any At ism—a

rate place Christianity; the nature to take Robert of formed that own his a union with Owen my

Campbellism, Millerism, with its fixed date for the nothing could break. It may be that now, as in

coming of the Christ; but all these have either passed Solomon's time, there is no "spot"in the object

out or have become very much limited or reduced as of our love; no "imperfection!"At least none

factors in religious and philosophical systems. that I could see or feel.

"Mormonism,"socalled, alone has survived in Later, when judgment began to assert more anything like its original force or intent. Its sway, and knowledge enlarged, and when I learned

survival men—

DisWe mightis itssay ownfor witnessJoseph ofSmithits fullnesswhat theof Christtruth. sawto regardlimitationsand toin lovethe Prophettruth moreof thethanNew

once said for His own vindication: If he did not pensation, and became conscious of human frailties

the works of God, believe him not, but if he did, and shortcomings in action, and saw that he was though ye believe not him, believe the works; that a man, as he himself explained, of like passions

ye may know and believe that God was with him. and prejudices with other m'en. His gracious

For the works he (Joseph Smith) wrought and acknowledgment of the limitations disclosed yet their endurance for over 100 years under the another virtue to admire, the virtue of humility, searchlight of modern investigation, criticism, which endeared him still more to me, and placed mockery, and persecution, are his effectual witness him still more beyond detraction from that pride of their truth; the Gospel and the Church he of place I had given to him in my heart.

gave, under God, to the world, are his vindication. There let him stand enshrined for me. God

* * * who is said to charge even His angels with "folly,"

There arc three broad sources from which may may judge Joseph Smith, for His servant he was, be drawn an account of the Prophet and Seer and He knows. To me and for me, he is the

of the New Dispensation, his character and his Prophet of the Most High, enskied and sainted!

works: So let him forever stand.

First, the testimony of those who knew him. As for the other two sources of knowledge about

zealous them matter, he "no andhimself—hisreceived him at his own fullface value of him, those to whom he was an enigma and his

to Second, their Those pelting enemies—letis beyond his whomdisciples;he memory was an enigma—

that confess themselves they mystery, unable to with unsavory epithets,power"—theguess cannotand rave his change place in

solve; God's economy of things, or dispose of him in any Third, His out and out opponents—his enemies; fashion. He belongs to the ages, his home is

those who esteemed him more than a heretic, more with the Gods, his work abides on earth.

T)onner and Witzen By BELLE J. BENCHLEY

Reindeer, beloved by all who have ever known the breathless, snowy silence of Christmas morning suddenly shattered by bells, are revealed in this brief article from San Diego, California.

was excited A FTER they had rested in their in the fall, following the moss andEVERYBODY and pleased when we reshelter for a day or two, they food to warmer climates where ceived a radiogram from began to want to come out into everything is not solid ice that he

Captain Fred Lewis saying that he the sunshine and, even though they is easily killed by man and beast.

was bringing three reindeer fauns had not entirely lost their sea legs So it was probably the speed of St.

to give to the San Diego Zoo, from and might run into the fence, we Nick's reindeer team that prevented

Fairbanks, Alaska. Immediately all had a good look at them for the anyone actually seeing how broad

their feet were.the visit of St. Nicholas came to our first time. Now the very first

minds and we argued as to whether thing anyone notices about a reinbig foot is not the onlyComet or Cupid or Donner and deer is his big, flat, broad feet, HPHE

Blitzen would be the more approvery different from the tiny hoofs strange thing about the reinpriate names. We thought of the of other deer, but then, of course, deer and it was several days before

it was that madeprancing and pawing of each tiny you realize how wise mother na- I realized what hoof and how they twinkled over ture has been to give to this one the reindeer look so different from the snow and recalled the pictures alone, of all the deer family, broad, others of his near family. Again

on the front of our Christmas flat feet. For how could tiny, mother nature, who had placed the

books with great joy. twinkling feet hold up on the crust reindeer in a country that was so

of snow the weight of this large very cold and such a difficult place

When Donner and Blitzen and animal. He would have to wear to live, had done her best to make

Comet actually arrived, stiff and snow shoes most of the year, if he the living as easy as she could for tired from their long sea voyage, had not been especially provided him. Knowing that many months

they looked quite different from with some of his own. They are in the year he was forced to hunt

our pictured reindeer. One look well built for slippery, frozen under the snow for the moss and

into their soft, brown eyes, and ground too and he is so sure footed lichens that were the only food he one touch of their soft fur and you that either on the snow crust or on could find, she had supplied a nice knew that you were not disapthe ice, he can run so swiftly that warm covering for his nose and, pointed and that you were going neither man nor dog could possibly of all the deer in the world, it is to love them very much. For they overtake him. It is only when he only the reindeer that does not

were gentle and patient and they has to swim that he may be caught have a slick, cold nose. This warm

were so glad to be here on land by a jswift canoe or when a large covering,of soft, thick, short fur once more. herd of reindeer is traveling south (Continued on page 126)

The Oldest Qhristmas Tree on Rarth By CRISTEL HASTINGS

this most impressive of allINTrees,this erait isof exceptionallyliving ChristmasaponwereChristmasenacted aboutDay ofitsthatswollenyear baseand comein from far and near to take part propriate that an evergreen each year since. Christmas ceremonials. Even the

twenty cenhave beenthat must first FROM a mere handful of parwhichmusic isis playedmore beautifulbetween thanwalls thatand the world'sturies old when roofs. beneath in ticipants 1925, the annual over out carol echoedChristmas

is the Nation's Christianity's So mammoth of unique the observance as be chosenBethlehem should

Yuletide tree of an entire Nation! festal occasion has drawn thou- {Continued on page 123)

In General Grant National Park, sands of visitors

California, about 65 miles in an into this vast easterly direction from Fresno, and cathedral of trees at an altitude of about six thoueach year since sand feet above sea level, a host of then. The Christmighty Sequoia gigantea are conmas ceremony

gregated in solemn congress that takes place a t has lasted through unnumbered high noon and,of doors.centuries. out

The solemn forOne of these, the famous General

Grant Tree, has stood, serene and est then reverberaloof, through time that is estiates with Christmated at four thousand years. This mas carols and to

patriarch of all living plants on the strains o f earth today was selected as the Naorgan music playtion's Christmas Tree in 1925. ed in the wood.

Appropriate Christmas festivities Worshippers

THE FIRST CHRISTMAS

By CRISTEL HASTINGS

David's one night a Babe town was born filled cradle hay,/NHis with was a manger

And gentle Mary crooned a lullaby

As mothers sing to little ones today.

The oxen and the lambs came from the fields With humble heads the shepherds knelt and prayed, While overhead a single star shone forth The Star of Bethlehem its sign displayed.

An angel brought glad tidings to all men "Glory to God on high, all Peace on Earth!"While in a barn the shepherds saw their King, The Infant Jesus—He of humble

birth..

CHRISTMAS

"Welly look what the wind has blown iny"Ruth Smedley called gaily... But she did

not know exactly, did she?

cided he was sprouting a heart and raised me to six hundred iron men a week—once every seven days and

an autographed contract."

"Oh, Bruce, dear, actually?"

"Actually. Kiss Daddy."When

ELL, look what she had dutifully obliged him he the wind has blown in,"Ruth picked her up bodily and whirled

Smedley called gaily from the her into the other room, saying, living room as her husband seemed "Let's eat."

literally to be blown into the small "I'll say we'll eat. You can

his reception hall, arms filled at with gorge yourself—indigestion hectically tipped his hat packages, your own risk."When they were

on one side of his head, his whole seated and dinner was being served appearance one of confusion. by their only servant she said, ex-

"Hello, Sweetness,"he greeted citedly, "Gee, what a Christmas parcels—andher, "How's thenowife?peekingGrabon a few present."peril "What a Christmas present is

of your glass eye."right. Now you can have that

When she had deposited some of Japanese Mink you've been raving the mysterious bundles on a small about."

table and helped him remove his "That isn't half of it darling,"snowsprinkled coat he took her in she assured him, flushing, "Now his arms and held her tightly, smil- I can have that new home I've been ing into her upturned eyes. "Well, raving about."

how are you. And how was I, "Oh, yeah?"he laughed, "Not

I'm asking you, how was I?"this week."Then, in mock seri-

"How were you?"she repeated, ousness, "I'll have to have a con-

'You were immense, marvelous,"sultation with Saint (Big Shot) "Did I stretch 'em out before Nicholas about this. Say, by the

their loud speakers, no foolin'?"way, have you got the goose for

"You did and no fooling! You tomorrow? You know Dad and

really were wonderful. Your voice the Mater will be here. We'll have

was like—well, like the deep clear to spread ourselves."

tones of a pipe organ. I actually "I've got the goose and N. B.

wept."C.'s new featured artist will have

to muss hisself all up helping get \tTAGIRL! I told dinner. Listen Bruce, before I foryou you'd be in tears before I got get it, whose poem was that you

through with you. But lady, you read last? That was what put the

weren't the only one: even old lump in people's throats."

Bergson had a strange feeling, de- "Oh, that? That was just a

BILLS

little piece somebody sent me through the studio.

myself proud on that, no less."

.T was a poignant

thought and just the way a child might reason. I suppose there are

homes where Santa won't come and the man feels that he has failed those who trusted him."She

mused. "He's done his very, very best

"Hey, quit getting soggy. It's And think how bad he'll feel

just a lot of sentimental bosh but If Santa doesn't come, he'll think real. with the depression on and ChristIt was his fault—for

mas in the air people swallow it "So you surprise my Mama, God, whole. But, believe me you, the Tell Santa sure to come this way

depression is over as far as yours And let my Daddy get a job truly and his spouse are conIn Jesus'name I pray."

cerned."finhe had rHEN at her and head shook him She his in young glistened tears ished, peculiar. smiled, half "You're You have could "I eyes. wish we all wife's as read had though you known unfor someone something done there's in the and the world sorrow

this Christmas,"Bruce, fortunate no sympathy in you."she murmured, "We have so much."

"You don't say? Well, I'll bet "Don't be silly. Be thankful

the man or woman that wrote that we're able to take care of ourhasn't much more. Can we help selves. Now, you run upstairs and

it if we're talented. There were finish wrapping and I'll go in and

several dozen 'phone calls congratuget my program lined up for next lating me and asking for the name week. We've raved so much about

of the author of the piece but of Christmas giving, after tomorrow course, I didn't give it out. Do we can start talking about the

I you want to hear me read it, just bills."

to see if the 'Mike'does me jusWhen he entered his dimly tice?"He took a crumpled sheet lighted study he was startled to

of paper from his pocket and began see the figure of a man bending reading slowly, beautifully: above his small safe. He hesitated

then thought to step quietly for- "A Child's Prayer"ward to his desk, but the man turned and in a low voice, not lost his "God, Daddy job today quite steady said, "Don't move and cried, because we all And My Mama said at Christmas time put up your hands."

There'd be no Santa Claus. Bruce raised his hands, smiling,

"You're a bit early for this sort of felt the worst said he Daddy "My aren't you?"

faith in him, thing Because such had we the stranger, retorted "Yes,"succeed felt so sure he would And

And be like big, important men. who was a man about forty with a

good face and a wistful smile, "But is that he God, know "But You to goin'I was see the money just you all. finest of man The

if I good get wouldn't be much as as just well you know we And 'Twas not his fault at all. got it much later."(Cont. p. 122)

RESULTS <?<? OFWhynot&hooi

CONTEST First Prize: "Harvesting in France,"photographed

by C. Reed Johnson, 40 rue St. Cloud, Villa d'Avray,

d'Avray, France. $5.00.

Second Prize: "Columbine Falls,"on Mt. Timpanogos, photographed by Leone Bollschweiler, 1130

Windsor St., Salt Lake City, Utah. $3.00.

Third Prize: "Fish Market,"on the Elbing River,

East Prussia, Germany, photographed by Milton T.

Rees, Berlin N. W. 87, Handel str. 3, Germany.

Special Prize: "Cooperation,"photographed by H.

L. Hammond, 3 1 82 Adams Ave.. Ogden, Utah. $2.00.

(T h i s prize BHi. "was awarded

IliliP by Dr. W. H.

..: Hopkins, o f

Salt Lake City, as a special Harvesting in France, by C. Reed prize because

Johnson of the human interest shown hundred twentythree in the photoTWOphotographs from eight difgraph.)

erent countries, and eleven (Cont. on p. 94)

different states were entered in The

Improvement Era "W h y Not Shoot Contest"which closed on

October 1. Nearly every photograph possessed some features of

special interest. One of the judges

upon returning the pictures wrote the following: a. The collection

is very attractive; b. Some showed Fish Market,by MiltonElbing T.River,Rees Germany,

artistic ability and one is inclined to urge them to take up painting; The Improvement Era wishes c. Some pictures were excellent.

The other two judges also expublicly to thank Messrs. George

pressed themselves as well pleased Midgley, Walter P. Cottam, and

all amateur phowith the quality of the pictures W. H. Hopkins,

submitted. tographers par excellence for their

If those who submitted pictures aid in making the awards.

will refer to the rules in the August The Era wishes also to thank number of the Improvement Era, those who responded to the chalthey will discover that the judges lenge and submitted photographs had no rules by which to judge. to the contest. The Elders in the

They were merely to select the picfield were especially fine.

tures which in their judgment, A number of the other photowere best. graphs which were submitted will

The entire group of photographs be run in a later issue of the Imwas handed to each judge separately provement Era. Watch for them.

and each made his selection indeAnother photographic contest pendently. All three selected will be announced later. Get the

"Harvesting in France"for first cameras in trim, but do not take prize. They were not so unaniany pictures for the contest until it Columbine Falls, Mt. Timpanogos,

mous in the other selections. is announced. Utah, by Leona Bollschweiler

<rfheQivilwar By CHAS. A. CALLIS

A Ourprise In this article the author, who is president of the Southern

States Missio7iy brings forth some interesting documentary material.

He has been in the South for many years afid is well acquainted with the southern spirit.

Verity, thus saith the Lord concerning the wars that will shortly come 'to pass, beginning at the rebellion of South Carolina, which will eventually terminate in the death and misery of many souls.

(Doctrine and Covenants, Section 87:1.)

A War Atmosphere CHARLESTON, South Carolina, the city by the sea, has figured, so it is said, in every war in American history.

Charleston has been baptized by war. It was at Fort Moultrie, on

Sullivan's Island, in the main entrance to Charleston harbor, that

Sergeant Jasper immortalized his name, June 28, 1776. The years

have not dimmed the glory of that brave IrishAmerican soldier, who, when the flagstaff had been shot The Baptist Church where the first session of the Secession Convention away by the fire from the British was held, Dec. 17, 1860.

fleet, jumped to the ground, outside the breastworks, rescued the Convention assembled at Institute only knows what may be the flag and hoisted it again on the fort Hall, Charleston, at four o'clock, result."

where it waved in triumph over p. m."Wednesday, December 19,

the victorious Americans. the Convention convened at St. Two Republics

Andrew's Hall.

Secession Convention The Ordinance pf Secession A S yet South Carolina was the

HPHE delegates to the Confederate whichCarolinawithdrewfrom thethe StateUnionof Southwas and onlyit wasstateby whichno meanshad seceded.certain

Secession Convention assemadopted Thursday, December 20, that she would not continue to be bled in the Baptist Church, in the 1860, and in the evening of the alone in that movement."

town of Columbia, South Carosame day the Convention moved "Probably the preponderance of lina, Monday, December 17, 1860, in procession to the Institute Hall. opinion at the time (February.

at twelve o'clock. Because of an In that historic building, at 7 p. 1861) was that a disruption of

epidemic of small pox in the city, m., the fateful Ordinance was the Union was inevitable and

it was: signed and ratified. The Goverwould be effected without war

Resolved, That when this nor of the State, both branches of when a Southern and a Northern

Convention adjourns, it stands adthe legislature, and the people were republic would exist side by side journed to meet in the City of invited to witness this ceremony. for a time, but a brief time; that

Charleston, on Tuesday, the 18th The President of the Convention when party rancor which then instant, at four o'clock, p. m. said: "God, who holds in His raged so fiercely subsided, and it

Pursuant to adjournment, the hands the destinies of all nations, should become obvious that the

88 The Improvement Era for Decemberf 1932

mutual interests of the different tions of a disposition to "let their in the capitol building, Frankfort, sections were more potent than the erring sisters go in peace.""I proKentucky, November 8, 1911.

questions which unhappily antagclaim boldly,"declared Stephen A. Colonel Henry Watterson, editor

onized and divided them, the two Douglas, "the policy of those for of the Louisville Courier Journal, would come together again in a whom I act. We are for peace."in presenting the statue to the state

new and more satisfactory union "For a time,"stated John Bright, and nation, referring to Lincoln's under one government and one British statesman, "many thought inaugural address, March 4, 1861, flag."there would be no war. * * * spoke as follows

"If evidence were needed to There was a moment when men "It is only true to say he deshow that the States which first thought that we were about to see livered that inaugural address as withdrew from the Union did not the wonderful example of a great though he had been delivering incontemplate a war of coercion as question, which in all other counaugural addresses all his life. To

one of the first consequences of tries would have involved a war, me it meant war. As the crowd

secession, none more conclusive settled perhaps by moderation."upon the portico dispersed back

li;.

HHmm

Fort Sumter, the Citadel of Charleston Harbor during the Civil War

could be presented than the deeace Conference into the capitol, I found myself fenceless condition of those States wedged in between John Bell of when the war commenced. For it A PEACE Conference originatTennessee, and Reverdy Johnson

is inconceivable that intelligent ing in the General Assembly of Maryland. Each took me by

men charged with the conduct of of Virginia, which deprecated Sean arm and we sat upon a bench public affairs would have plunged cession, assembled in Washington, just inside the rotunda. They were

their States, so unprepared, into so February 4, 1861, "to consider, very optimistic. No, there would

unequal a war."The Siege of and, if practicable, agree upon some be no war, no fight; all the troubles

Charleston, pages 18, 22, 61. suitable adjustment of the queswould be tided over; the Union

tions which were then rending the still was safe. I was but a boy,

Erring Sisters Union asunder."The venerable just one and twenty. They were

T/TRY few of the public men in ExPresident,over the Conference.John Tyler,Twentyonepresided thenownedtwo mostof theintellectualsurvivingandWhigreStates the exSeceding even slaveholding and leaders the of of school Clay and States—sevenpected said war,"Alexander H. fourteen defeated of just Webster, one them nonslave-holding—wereStevens, Vice President of the Conrepresented. the efforts of But elecin for President preceding the

federate States. "Let the wayward these good and patriotic men were tion. * * * Abraham Lincoln

sisters (the Confederate States) fruitless because the plan of adand Jefferson Davis were perhaps depart in peace,"counselled Genjustment Peace proposed by the the living unonly two men who

Scott,eral Winfield in chief comthe Conference was rejected by derstood to hapwhat was about mand of the United States Army. Congress. pen."Louisville Courier Journal,

"Very few believed,"writes Henry November 9, 1911.

Watterson, "that war was immiNo War nent."Northern newspapers adWhen Lincoln and Davisvocated a peaceable separation. "Let IN the presence of the President of

them go in peace,"advised the the United States and a large First Met

New York Tribune. In the assemblage, an heroic bronze statue "TXT"AS it only a coincidence that

North there were many manifestaof Abraham Lincoln was unveiled three men who were destined

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 89

to play a mighty part in the tragic at four o'clock p. m. on Sunday better feeling of the Northern peoconflict which no human being, the 14th and embarked on the ple as to compel their representasave Joseph Smith, foresaw, dawnsteamer Isabel on their way to New tives to agree to a Convention of

ed on American history in 1832, York. As the ship passed through the States, and that such guarantees

the same year in which the Revelathe channel "the Confederate solwould be given as would secure to tion and Prophecy on War was diers manifested their respect for the South the domestic tranquility given through the Prophet? HisMajor Anderson and his gallant and equality in the Union which

torical pages tell the following incommand by standing silent and were rights assured under the Fedteresting story: uncovered in front of their battereral compact. There were others,

"When the Black Hawk War les. and they the most numerous class,

was begun, some Illinois Militia There was no loss of life caused who considered that the separation companies proffered their services. on either side by the bombardment. would be final, but peaceful. For

Two lieutenants of the regular Nobody was wounded. The only my own part, while believing that

army were sent by General Scott casualty that occurred was the secession was a right, and properly to Dixon, Illinois, to muster the death of a man and the wounding a peaceable remedy, I had never new soldiers. One of these lieuof several others by the premature believed that it would be permitted

tenants was a very fascinating discharge of a gun which happened to be peaceably exercised. Very

young man, of easy manners and while the Union soldiers, before few in the South at that time affable disposition; the other was evacuating the fort, were firing a agreed with me, and my answers

equally pleasant, but extremely salute to their flag. to queries on the subject were,

modest."therefore, as unexpected as they

the morning when "On a tall, to take place,muster the No "Expectation of War"werehad fewunwelcome.serviceable* weapons,* The Stateand was

gawky, slabsided, homely young JEFFERSON DAVIS, President no establishment for their manuman, dressed in a suit of blue jeans, J of the Confederate States, defacture or repair. This fact

presented himself to the lieutenants clared that if the purpose of the (which is true of other Southern as the captain of the recruits, and Northern States to make war upon States as of Mississippi) is a clear was duly sworn in. The homely the Southern States because of proof ofthe absence of any desire

young man was Abraham Lincoln, secession had been foreseen preparor expectation of war."Rise and

the bashful lieutenant was he who ations to meet the consequences Fall of the Confederate Governafterward fired the first gun from would have been made. The ment, Volume 1, pages 227, 228.

Fort Sumter, Major Anderson. Southern leader says further on this

The other lieutenant, who adminsubject Providence Spring after years,istered in the oath, was, were events course which "The the president the Confederate of the TOURING the Civil War many in shrouded likely to take was

States, Jefferson Davis."greatest uncertainty. In the minds thousands of Union soldiers

of many there was the not unwere imprisoned in the Confederate

The First Gun reasonable hope (which had been military prison, which was opened

Georin Andersonville, 1864, sent in by the commissioner upgia. time there were(RASH came the shot in Charexpressed At one to Maryland) from Mississippi

leston harbor Friday morning, that the secession of six Southern wards of 33,000 Federal soldiers which 12, 1861, prison this prison. was in4:30, April The to be folStates—certainly electrified the wholestartled stockade and which with a surrounded that of lowed by soonothers—would fell, bursting, shell acres. In twentysevencountry. inclosed The and thought sober the arouse so

on the parade ground of Fort Sumthis place of misery, under a blazter. It was the initial shot that ing Southern sun, the soldiers lived

started the Civil War. After a in small tents. Over 12,000 of

silence in Sumter for nearly two them died (18641865) in the hours the guns of the fort thunprison. The prisoners dug wells

dered a response. The bombardto increase their supply of water.

ment and the cannonade from the These wells, although nearly filled fort continued for about thirtywith earth, are in evidence today.

three or thirtyfour hours. They are melancholy reminders of

Lack of food and ammunition the distress which the prisoners compelled the brave defenders to suffered for lack of plenty of good capitulate April 13, 1861. The drinking water. One day a heavy

heroic defense they maintained in thunder storm broke over the standing by their guns when they stockade. A thunderbolt opened

were in imminent danger of being up a spring of water inside the blown skyward by the explosion prison. The thirsty soldiers reof thirty thousand pounds of garded this event as an expression

powder in the magazines won the fHARLES A. CALLIS has been of God's mercy, and as they drankadmiration of the Confederate sol- a missionary and preacher repthe cool, fresh water, they named

neverdiers. With colors flying and the ofresentingLatterdaythe ChurchSaintsof Jesusfor Christmany the spring, "Providence."A

band playing "Yankee Doodle"years, and since August, 1908, has failing stream of water has flowed the Union garrison consisting of been President of the Southern States from the spring from that day 122 officers, enlisted men and Mission. until the present.

mechanics marched out of the fort (Continued on page 125)

9d

The Call I Speak of God Damascus

By Robert I. Burton By Ann Jarvis By Grace McKinstry

still, supremely Living I do, 7}AMASCUS! yet wonder of why God, 1 afar bade and me from beckoned SPEAK t—jE -*--/ -* I old;-* to are Him, turned thoughts come, My

rolled. have centuries it thirty Across not I why. choice: know must no had approach—alone.

rests the sky glance on all Still, time every mortals turn, in my one, one weForI by dead, crumbled, are Nineveh, Sidon, scatter Tyre, that clouds see dew silvered the his to hear answer day and someMust head. its lifts hoary still Damascus the Yet heavens across here yon and call. Swept1

blue, is answer law, will none and mayHis its it busy ways, keeps of the East""Eye the power that drives the sun And sense "nay"stays. the trader there, lingers traveler The high, final day. sets on limits to our deathWhen

the stars, that causes dust to steps I sought to slow my That staysWith lagging fly; And have you known Damascus, you pace.

For was not Death a foe of frightful I with the ancients seek the answer true. whose feet

mien? Have never passed along one narrow

(For thus those argued who his form The stream that gushes from behind the street?

had seen.) hills

As distance 'twixt us shrank, to my And falls to lower levels of the lake. Through all the ages men have loved and

bought trees, the grass and dafsurprise, The murmuring wares Damascus skill has The splendid fodils friendliness within his eyes. I saw but

He spoke and gaye me leave to turn again And woodland creatures whisper for my wrought.

sake, men. mortal with remain yet awhileAnd

that feel God's holy presence Flowerfigured damask, smooth in silken "All things count'nance his andHis voice was gentle kind, near fold, I bad not thought such friendliness to And know His love praise Him as we Rare damascene, with inlay of fine gold;

find. do here."

He even taught me that he likes to bless Worldfamed were once the swords the

The weary soul who wrought in rightKeen-edged, city made,elastic—-the Damascus blade. eousness. To Youth And flowers and fruitage! All the wide

Sometime my day will reach its western By Ctaire S. Boyer The damsonworldplum,knowsthe perfumed darr.ask skies;

rose. I'll tired eyes; close in peaceSometime my shall the achieve mountain's all are centuries gifts of gathered topYet sod, flesh rest the find beneath \fOU-*My weary peak, most named vision of the one man than Less call to meet will Death home meAnd a freedom's spark on struck has foot my Your Saul God. trail in sudden heard near Damascus, Who,

lips *> stride below a makes kingly such KdS&X*- And fright

Give rich assurance that you cannot fail; A voice from Heaven, and saw a blinding

Lea rning You shall achieve the meaning of the light.

By Lamont Johnson The cosmicstars,wonders you shall make your own, Bells silence; teach me all shall clear thot sweeping mind Your * J—I-* ILLS teach strength; Mountains fog, of Johnson Lamont By living; teach of Deserts freedom secret the riddle solved, leave the And teach beauty; Flowers known; bells ring; church the eventide A T teaches Love God; -** I them; for wait hours quiet In teaches giving. pleasure Life of shall surge, strength infinite the Into your bring they the to dying day And estate, a to God's courage Rebuilding

a requiem. of sadness The the empyrean, transcending Until,

Yours be the right and power to create! Still there is music in their sound Gifts

Which evermore appeals to me.

By Grace Ingles Frost And it is seldom I have found

Such charm as their tranquility.

to Christ have I made TIf'HEREWITH

Like measured step of marching fee; ''offering?

I have not brought Him frankincense or In reverence at the funeral hour, myrrh, Their dignified and solemn beat

Nor chosen from fat flocks a fair firstReverberates from out the tower.

ling toll of the close day as they And tribute to confer. reads As

the also dawn, they sound So do stately pine, baubles the law—aI have hung a With

In honor of Yuletide festivity, And penitence goes in to pray

Bnt on its boughs, amid the tinsel shine, While shades of morning still are drawn.

There is no gift that might please such as He. No matter what the day may bring

pain, joy or yet the Nor I late, above appraised of one think Too night—of

the is in ring a comfort There that worldliness mine tawdry The refrain. sad and that composed Of en- 'ill,, fold \ M/'cV,

gift love! of to His recompense A gift

of peace bells that speak Clearthroated I gold late, of that mines aware am Too shine. stars that as the constant As to acceptable never be Him, Could

While many hunger and more grope in Your message tell, nor ever cease; sin! yHHkuC The faith you bear I pray be mine.

President Joseph W.McMurrin

By LEVI EDGAR YOUNG A Tribute from a Colleague of the First Seven 'Presidents of Seventy

death of President Josof unbelief, and it is the reason of the California Mission. ForTHEeph W. McMurrin o n why President McMurrin inspired many months President McMurrin

October 25 in Los Angeles, so many people to understand the has been a sufferer in body, but he

California, was received by his spiritual life of man. kept steadfastly on toward the

friends with a peculiar sense of For three years, President Mcgoal.

grief. He had become well known Murrin, with President Rulon S.

throughout the stakes of Zion, and Wells, presided over the European VK/HEN a young man, Elder wherever he went, he carried the Mission where in many countries McMurrin was shot while message of faith and uplift to the he championed his conviction in the keeping vigil over some of the people. While quite a decade has cause of Christianity. During the leaders of the Church. After many

passed since he lived in Salt Lake last ten years he has labored as head weeks of suffering, he arose from

City, h i s ringing his bed and triumtestimony will be phantly exclaimed remembered by the in the thought of a saints wherever he native Scotchman:

has spoken.

President McMur- "Fight on, my men.

rin was of Scotch Sir Andrew says, descent. His fore- A little I'm hurt, but

bears were among not yet slain;

the first people in I'll but lie down and

Scotland to accept bleed awhile, the Gospel, and the And then I'll rise son inherited an inand fight again.

tense love for the doctrines of the On the farflung

Master as taught by "battle line,"he was the prophet, Joseph afterwards found,

Smith. From his and there he reyouth and throughmained until the

out his career, he time of his death, a had a burning desire champion of the to realize the bond true and living God.

of fellowship with Elder McMurrin his Maker, and had was intense in his a fearless response purposes. He adto the call of duty. hered closely to the

teachings of the He served as a masterprophet Josmissionary for many eph Smith. He cared

years in the mission little for the argufield, both at home ments of philosand abroad. Called ophy. His was a

to the divine office knowledge that of one of the First comes of faith in the

Seven Presidents of divine word of God.

Seventy, he was en- A literalist and funabled as never before damentalist whento preach the teachever the teachings of ings of Jesus as the Jesus Christ were true way of salvainvolved, he held tion. This call strictly to the belief

seemed to create a that "Man is 'made new determination in the image of in him to help God."Of this truth,

Christianize a world Joseph W. McMurrin (Cont. on page 92)

skeptic s (shrL

By CARLTON CULMSEE 5fir>

One night in all the year Ground out of it, bled out, at least for him.

He could creep near And still the seekers worried at the truth,

The ruddy fires that warmed him in his youth, Grinding the pieces finer than the dust.

And catch weak glimmers of a onceclear truth. One night in all the year his faith was strong

the little scarlet candles Not for their mere material miraclesSTRANGELY enough, That some day he would thank them for their work;

And even frosty glints of tinsel shone That helped him greatly in his daily toil,

Farther than any sharp electric could. But for a Vision: he should some day see

Then he could scent the old mysterious sweetness The myriad scattered fragments of the truth

Of nights when stars were glances of the angels Leap into splendid unity before him,

And Bethlehem lay asleep not far away; Greater in Resurrection than before!

When truth, arrayed in loveliness, would beckon Clothed in the glory of a mountain dawn,

With holy, irresistible allure. Glory that filled the lungs, glory that kindled

A sacred passion in the eyes of men.

The hard good battle on the shining heights.Almost—thatOne night in allTruththe yearfor hehimcouldlay shredforget by shred And he would rise and join them where they fought

Dissected round the groping microscopes All this he could believe

More truth than any age had ever known, On Christmas Eve

But cut to bits and labelled, and laid out When breezes in the fields were pinions throbbing

With all the lifting wonder, all the warmth And far, faint trumpets murmured, sweetly sobbing.

->—lC<tf2JjVtl"<*

President Joseph W. McMurrin Continuedpagefrom91

he had no doubt. The Bible, the was everything, and he related faith I called on him just a few hours

Book of Mormon, and all the to the needs of life. Filled with before his death. I felt that he

Church works were his guides to the knowledge that Jesus our was looking forward with divine the true concept and meaning of Savior died for the salvation of hope iand confidence to the end of life. He never doubted that "the mankind, he always raised his voice the way, where angels stood ready

blind receive their sight, and the and acclaimed the divine message to receive him. He had gloried in

lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, that leads to life eternal. His one the battle, and was hearing the

and the deaf hear; the dead are unfailing source of happiness was trumpet call. St. Paul tells Usraised up, and the poor have the his trust in God. He drew near

Gospel preached unto them."He unto his statutes and found peace that the true Christian "Forgets the

was truly a soldier of the Cross. under His shadow. things that are behind, and reaches

are before, the things that towards lived Joseph and McMurrin provibelieved that God's He presses the goal."towards and hisdirected one ideal life toward is lives; that our over all dence

in these bewhich up summed may his that leaves us; played President never grace God's McMurrin

is to of religionwords: end The the stage of us part through walks with well on life. The God's love realize of and a bond Godknow

fellowship with Him. "We know the great wilderness. So he gave rest is in the hands of God. His

in part and we prophesy in part: his life to the divine will, and it life may be summed up in the

but when that which is perfect is was because of this that he came Apostle's injunction: "Not slothcome, that which is in part shall through the battle of life unto perful in business, fervent in spirit,

be done away."For him faith fect peace. serving the Lord."

and Jess <LsU,oney<More By CLAIRE W. NOALL

HE gleam on the hearthrug, her cheek cupped "are quite sufficient for a glorified Christfor this small our year. ones There she mas the o f firelight other hand. in one With X spirit is a beautiful in of contentment our Sooty, Perher stroked gently black mingled home, are glad to and laborhave we you

its cheery sian cat, who snuggled in a warm ing in behalf of the gospel * * *."

warmth with ball against her side. It was nice

the shadows to be ten, she thought; one was

of the room. granted some respect at that august Ei/LINE looked up from

The winage, and one's bedtime was delayed the worn and faded letter.

dows were a little. Eline, a Junior in Mutual, "You know Carol, I've been

revealed i n was curled up in a big armchair thinking a lot about Christmas this clear white outline against the beside the table absorbed in reading year and wondering how in the blackness of the night by the falling an old letter she had found in her world we can bring a festive spirit snow that was piling up in little grandfather's journal, wherein she into our home without all this dribdrifts upon their lower edges. The was seeking material for her "My bling of money here and there,"and

bright hangings at the casements Story"book. she patterned the shape of a Christcaught the red glow of the fire in "Grandma must have written mas tree with her toe on the rug.

their own gay colors. The reading this to Grandpa when he was on "Why, what's the matter!

lamp on the old fashioned table one of his missions. Listen, Carol, Aren't we rich?"asked Carol.

rich in somewas like a great inverted buttercup it's a story about Dad when he was "Of course—we're

and little ain sitting I guess overboy. light of the ways—home the subdued Grandma health—good food—children the she heard talking cozyroom. and was The atmosphere

I mean moneyrich,"and inviting. has told the story to Grandpa in "Oh—but

Eline and Carol were alone. this letter. I'll read you what she Carol interrupted. "What's the

Tom, their oldest brother, was on says: matter with everybody!"

"Nobody's moneyricha Signe, in mission any and Norway, if that's what you mean,"sister, gleetheir elder was at club mlais?'''Whataskedare John.you goin'("Heto get wasfor ChristDad's more,

rehearsal. Mother was helping friend,"explained Eline.) mocked Eline. "All the money's

get anything. 'We'te to not going seek, hide playing and and it's nosisters, Relief Society andsome Dad Father's mission, we're havnot and on a be found. where to can But we over poring knottywas some ing presents. sugar mapril we've got Butproblems in the office. The sixand diamonds in the gran'ry. Yum yum! find joy—and we can have fun,

yearold twins, Dick and Dorothy, And we'll have them for Christmas dintoo,"and she broke into a little had been tucked into their beds and ner,'drawled Tommy. laugh.

were sound asleep. those"Maprilalmondssugaryouand haddiamonds,sent upmeaningfrom "Let's have a pioneer Christmas.

Carol lay stretched at full length Dixie, Father dear,"continues Grandma, We can get along without buying 94 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

presents the same as they did,"exhe accused you of serving yourself the Christmas tree. Carol had

claimed Carol eagerly. "We have the lastest so you could take the mended the crack in Dorothy's doll

Tom on a mission, and we have to lestest. Come on Carol, you can with Gesso, and had touched it up

give up for him."do that for Mom and Signe."with fresh paint. She had cro-

"Well if you think you're so cheted a tiny sweater, cap, and muff idea! You for her "Patsyette."From some l\hh through the smart—how's this for an

autumn they had thought of the and Signe can each make a kitchen Japanese crepe which cost only fifPioneers as they watched load after apron for the other, and we'll give teen cents a yard she made her load of logs being hauled out of the Mother something pretty to wear; mother a breakfast set. The naptawny canyons. Never since the I know, a lovely scarf."kins had fringed edges, which she

early days had the wooded slopes "That's a comeback for you. made by raveling the threads and

of the mountains been cleared of You're not so slow after all, little then oversewing the edges with their timber as they had this year. one! But I'll agree. We'll shower thread of the same color. She used

But there was this difference: these Dad and Mother with good deeds, crepe of different colors, and in one

logs were not brought down to and Mother shall have the scarf, corner of each napkin she drew a build homes for the sturdy Pioneers, and she shall go a-steppin'now and tiny fruit design, which she embut to keep warm some of the needy then while Signe and I hold forth broidered in French knots. From

people of our own day who could in the kitchen, for a change."some pongee silk which she found

not buy coal. "A change is right. Everything in her mother's work box she made

"Carol, you're a little brick. We will be different this year. But let's her daddy some handkerchiefs by

can have a merry Christmas withdecorate the house and make some drawing colored threads through out money. We'll celebrate accordnummy things to eat,"and Carol the silk for a border and making a

ing to the Norwegian tradition. Do looked a bit wistful. quarter inch hem.

you remember what Dad has told "Oh, of course, we'll do that, Signe and Eline, planning a surus about the Christmas spirit of too. Don't think we aren't going prise for the younger children, made

long ago in Norway? His father to have a jolly time; this will be a a dazzling little snow palace. They

used to say that 'twas taught him snorky Christmas. I can just hear wanted above all things to have the

in his father's and mother's house the crackle of the Yulelog as the house gladsome and decorative, for that "at Yuletide none should ask flames go leaping up the chimney,"happiness and joy as well as another for aught, but each should and Eline's eyes sparkled with anthoughtful unselfishness was their strive to do the most. He was most ticipation. creed. They made the palace of a

blest that most could serve the piece of heavy cardboard, 20 by others throughout the holy days."A;.S Christmas drew 78 inches in measurement. Fold-

("Kristin Lavransdatter, Mistress near, the twins and Carol were ing it into six sections, they cut an of Husaby, p. 33.) bubbling over with mirth and exarched doorway in each section, st

"That's beautiful—but how can citement. They had been schooling it upright, glued the ends together

we serve?"asked Carol. "What themselves to better actions to be and placed a hexagonal roof into

shall we do?"able to present a promise of good position. Painting the cardboard

"We'll get the whole family to deeds as their Christmas gifts. The white, they spattered the wet paint

make Christmas a happy one by twins had cut out some large gold with artificial snow to make it each presenting the loveliest gift of and silver stars from gilt paper glisten. The arches were outlined

ail to the other, consideration, by which they had pasted on cardwith tinsel and the roof was covway of a thoughtful deed."board, afterwards stringing them, ered with soft white cotton which

"How, Eline? I don't underso that they could hang them on Was sprinkled with the snow. Over

stand."the inside of the windows they

"Of course not. But listen Hon. pasted cellophane paper. On Christand you will. Is there anything mas eve they placed the snow palace

nicer than to give someone joy by under the boughs of the Christmas doing the thing that you know he tree, and illumined it with a small would like to have you do? A red electric light. The tree was not

thoughtful deed! There's a gift for decorated with ornaments after the

you!"usual fashion, but with white cot-

'That's a great idea. But what ton, ribbon tinsel and the stars the

can I do?"twins had made. On the heavier

'This, for instance; you know branches the girls hung orange

how amazed, but how unutterably baskets of glazed fruit wrapped in happy Signe would be if you would colored cellophane paper. These

promise her that you wouldn't they had made with Carol's help.

touch a single thing on her dressCutting the oranges in half, they ing table for a whole year. And scooped out the pulp, scalloped the

think of Mom! If you'd eat a big edges, and candied them whole.

dish of mush every morning and after which they fitted candied get up to weight again, she'd be orange peel handles on to the basrelieved of a big worry."kets and filled them with candied

'.'Oh Eline!"gasped Carol. "You peel and slices of candied apple.

sure are asking for a big Christmas Some of the apples were flavored gift,"and she sat straight up. with mint and were colored green,

"Well, you heard Dick with 'Cooperation"by H. L, Hammond and some of them were colored red.

your own ears this morning when (See article, page 86) (Continued on page 127)

Good Story Telling mod Abridged from "Scouting"from an article in The Scouter

By F. HAYDN DIMMOCK

a audible breathsighs chorus of and was a circle in seated the the THERE* taking* * and that was how Julesburg was saved!"Scouts round from

Scoutmaster. For twenty minutes they had sat

for the l search tale as the unfolded. been spellbound had had They tellino, for try the siory J> Story. Rtght I enjoy readMany carried completely been a story they away. would It was in reflection practiceI to my grq discarded ing because of remember. hair [ the but mirror, a strand

telling not enjoy I should em. distracts of place my constitutes a to out are story? Opinions good What bound

differ, but we must think with the mind of the boy. What attention.

does he like? Adventures with plenty of stirring action!

We must remember that we live in an age of swift movement. In our tale telling we must not bandy words. The

story must move and the action must be sustained. Our

story must have a point in it. Whilst we may dispense

with a plot, there must be a reason for the yarn. It may

be a story to illustrate victory over adversity; it may show

the value of being able to swim; it may prove the virtue

of being cheerful and the good it can do. It must not

be a story just for the sake of a story.

Know Your Story The successful taleteller must have his story at his fingers'ends. It is fatal to read from a, book. However

it I try telling to a group is, well indeed, -iurray/ in can you an art itself—you read—that 'of kids. fail imaginary will to impress. that the must remember words You one. I've found

l'is better. This the of are the not words, of the but book your words

author. You could not speak as the author writes, so the

reading is unnatural.

If you propose to relate a story you have discovered in a book, read and reread that story until you have card- i indexedwhen youin yourare alone,mind theexperimentsalient pointson oftellingthe yarn.the taleThenin

your own words. At first you will find that you have a

sort of condensed version of the story. It will sound more

like a synopsis than a complete story. That is not a fault,

for you can build up from the condensed version until a effort. polished have

of=z& youItems provide news material for yarns. Keep to the IT

main truth and the rest may be fiction.

Our history books are full of good stories. Don't worry

I read it again—about dates. Tell the story as dramatically as possible. I refresh my memory

'it is weak."and again. dates,It is quiteand thisa goodmakesplana suitableto ask competition.the Scouts to supply the where

There are hundreds of good Stories in the Bible that can be retold with due reverence in modern speech. Similarly the Bible stories can be adapted and given modern

settings. Avoid talking too goodygoody. Avoid repeating the same moral time and time a|gain. It may be

found more advisable to leave the Scouts to discover the moral for themselves. They will do it readily enough if

the story has been told well.

Our second consideration is "How shall we tell the story?"Keep it Dramatic We shall assume that you know the story, and knowing the story that you will visualize the action. Keep that

picture before will greatest because you, that mind be your mind own clear in my I make assistant. a Start the story touch. dramatic with Don't

traits andthe appearance the off preface with the right preamble. yarn a long Get

of the different characters. mark, as it were.

A good finish to the yarn is essential. Having come to

the end of the yarn let it go at that. Don't attempt to

go over the ground again, as it were, pointing out the main features of the yarn. If you do this you will destroy the

effect of the tale. This is permissible if you are running

a competition, or when talking to a small audience of boys

Smiley House you know well, but with a, big audience it is fatal to go

Where Happy over the ground again.

John andHIs are just rules: a few golden Plotted Here Mother

enjoy Introduce humor. Boys a humorous touch in To Teach Sober

John To Smile. your yarns.

Avoid morbid tales, ghost stories and those with sad 6LEN Where endings.

He Learned It. The hero must triumph in the end.

Choose simple language.

'I in think of each scene facts. of Be sure your Boys are heartless critics.

to the sit comfortably. boys Allow WowIm(adaptt* from "Ready to the climax. relation Enjoy the telling of the tale. W4irenHWard/f,Avburt\M4

?ACjfleet of

is no frigate like a book to bear us lands away,"sang littleTHEREEmily Dickinson, modest poetess of the soul; but no doubt the

little lady had not really thought of the modern magazine. The

book is a liner making but one port, while a magazine is a whole fleet of frigates sailing many seas. The book may bear us to the land of philosophy,

fiction, travel,, but the magazine carries us to all. It poetry—any one—affords us little journeys to the heart—throbs of good men and great—if the

magazine in mind should happen to be The Improvement Era.

It is interesting to ponder the many good things a magazine will bring, into the home in the course of a year. For instance, using The Improvement

Era as our example, we discover that during the last volume it took into the twelve lovely frontispieces of masterpieces of L. D. S. art. Last year the magathe present volume it will take twelve equally beautiful covers and in addition

twelve lovely frontispieces of masterpieces of Utah art. Last year the magazine furnished more than 130 articles on nearly a hundred different topics

by more than a hundred writers. These articles were illustrated by photographs from all parts of the world. Thirty stories, including one full length

novel, and more than 150 poems were also supplied to young and old alike who peruse the pages of the magazine.

Besides the miscellaneous material, the volume contained scores of pages of editorials, music notes, Mutual Messages, priesthood hints, and communications from readers of the magazine. Among these were messages from the

first Presidency, from the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and from the presidencies and general board members of the Mutual Improvement Association.

The magazine contained the heartbeat of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

That the magazine does bear its readers to "many lands"is indicated by this letter by J. Edward Johnson, a mutual worker and a prominent

attorney of San Francisco:

"Of the eight or ten magazines that come regularly to our home, there is none I read with more pleasure and profit than The Improvement Era.

I am of the opinion that it gets read by the family as a whole more than any other magazine we receive. If we could have one magazine only, I

believe we'd hold on to The Improvement Era. It has a touch we love all

its own."Those who have been subscribing for the magazine, however, know just how much it has contributed to the pleasure and progress of its readers, but only the editors know what, during the present volume, it will conCfrigates tribute. They, however, are willing to give some report of the good things

it will dispense.

The philosophy and heartblood of Mormonism will be presented by such able writers as the First Presidency of the Church, various members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, Dr. Franklin Stewart Harris, president of Brigham Young University, L. John Nuttall, Jr., superintendent of

the Salt Lake City Schools; Amy Brown Lyman, social worker and member

of the presidency of the General Board of the Relief Society; J. Reuben

Clark, ambassador to Mexico; Eugene L. Roberts, professor of physical

education at the University of Southern California; college and university

professors, and scores of others who have an idea to present to the reading public.

In the field of fiction such writers as Frank C. Robertson, author of

many books and scores of stories; Florence Hartman Townsend, short story

writer; Grant Redford, a young Utahn whose excellent story appears in this

number; Ardyth Kennelly, author of "Fire and Song"and many poems

which have appeared in the magazine; Christie Lund, Helen Carroll Lloyd,

and many other important names will appear. In addition the fledgling

writer may be certain of a sympathetic reading of his manuscripts.

More than 100 poems by nearly 100 youthful and mature local writers will find their way into the magazine and will be sent out to cheer and comfort and bless those who read.

The department of "Glancing Through"will introduce readers to thirty or more leading and important magazine articles of the nation.

But as important as the reading of articles, poems, and stories is, the writing of them is almost as important. Men write, as they speak, to be

heard. With no medium through which expression can be carried to others,

a people cannot produce a prolific, great literature. There must be some

encouragement, some opportunity for the thoughts of one heart to be carried to other hearts. The magazine offers that opportunity.

No, in our opinion, when a book and a magazine are compared, the magazine, from many angles, far exceeds the book in importance. The

book is the voice of one; the magazine is the voice of many reappearing

each month in a new beauty, bearing new names, and fresh, stimulating thought.

Two dollars invested in a book buys a passage to one port—a port

which may be as romantic as the streets of Florence or as barren as the

Sahara; two dollars invested in a magazine buys passage to many ports,

many of which may be as entrancing as the City of Venice.

Reviews

History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

From the Manuscript History of Brigham Young and other original documents. Volume VII. An Introduction and notes by B. H.

Roberts. Published by the Church. Salt Lake City, Utah, 1932

THEhas abovejust recentlynamed beenvolume,published,which upontook theSisterbed Vose.and gaveBrothervent Youngto his enterprise.that it was Heutterlybecameimpossiblesoon convincedfor the

is notable chiefly for two things, feelings in tears."Saints to reside longer in Nauvoo

its remarkable contents and the It is beautiful to see the friendship among bitter enemies and vicious splendid and artistic manner in which it that existed between Brigham Young characters who were determined to has been compiled and arranged. Presiand the Prophet, and every student of destroy them. On Tuesday, January

dent Brigham H. Roberts is a superb Church History should know that 7, 1845, less than six months after

student of Church History and handles from this day on Brigham dedicated his the death of the Prophet, there is this his materials as a master. He has already life to carrying out the plans of the note, "I met in council with my brethcompiled six volumes in this series, Prophet and building on the foundaren of the Twelve. The subject of

and this work is a creditable contintion which he had laid. Within three sending a company to California was

uation of the books which have gone weeks of the above event, Brigham, in discussed; also the propriety of sending

before. It is to be hoped that President addressing the main body of the Saints, to the branches of the Church abroad

Roberts can continue on with this great assumed his place at the head of the for teams to help the expedition."

work until it is brought up to the Church. He said: Again under date of September 9,

death of President Brigham Young. "Joseph conferred upon our heads 1845, there lis this, "Two p. m. GenThe present volume ends with the all the keys and powers belonging to eral Council met. Resolved that a

establishment of. the Saints in Salt the Apostleship which he himself held company of 1500 men be selected to

Lake Valley. before he was taken away, and no go to Salt Lake Valley, and that a

Previous volumes in this manuscript man or set of men can get between committee of five be appointed to history dealt entirely with the life and Joseph and the Twelve in this world gather information relative to emiwork of President Joseph Smith. This or in the world to come. gration and report the same to counvolume begins with lengthy state- "How often has Joseph said to the cil."

ments concerning events which tranTwelve, 'I have laid the foundation Of course, it must be known that spired immediately after the death of and you must build thereon, for upon at this particular time the Great Salt the Prophet, the first and second your shoulders the kingdom rests.'Lake Valley was located in Mexican

statements taken from Ford's history "The Twelve, as a quorum, will not Territory, all the vast country north of Illinois. be permitted to tarry here long; they of the Rio Grande going under the

Following the statements of Govwill go abroad and bear off the kingname of California. On the last day

ernor Ford is a memoir written by dom to the nations of the earth, and of the year President Young again

President John Taylor which gives a baptize the people faster than the mobs records in his history, "Elder Heber most accurate view of affairs leading can kill them off. I would like, were C. Kimball and I superintended the

to the martyrdom of the Prophet and it my privilege, to take my valise and operations in the Temple, examined his brother Hyrum. This account travel and preach till we had a people maps with reference to selecting a locarings with the truth and it is very gathered who would be true. tion for the Saints west of the Rocky

pleasing that this bit of history is now "My private feelings would be to Mountains, and reading various works presented to the public. let the affairs of men and women alone, written by travelers in those regions."

Part IV of the volume deals with only go and preach and baptize them On Sunday the. fifteenth of February,

the general history of the Church from into the kingdom of God; yet, what1846, President Young crossed the

the time of the martyrdom on, and the ever duty God places upon me, in his Mississippi River on the ice, journeyed leadership of the Church under the strength I intend to fulfill it."westward to Sugar Creek and camped.

direction of the Twelve Apostles. It From that day on, Brigham did The exodus from Nauvoo had begun.

is marvelous to see how President stand in his place and fulfill his duty. The volume ends with the estabBrigham Young came to the forefront He first set himself to the task of comlishment of the Saints in Salt Lake

after the death of the Prophet and pleting the Nauvoo Temple. This Valley, and the reorganization of the

assumed his magnificent leadership. was a tremendous work considering Church at Winter Quarters, on OcIt was not until twenty days after the poverty of the people, but he purtober 8th, 1847, when President

the death of the Prophet that the sued the task unceasingly, and it was Young was sustained as President of definite news reached President Brigto his great joy and the comfort of the Church, with Heber C. Kimball

ham Young in Boston. Wilford the Saints that many were able to go and Willard Richards as his counselors.

Woodruff records in his journal as through the Temple and receive their There is a vast amount of interestfollows: endowments before leaving Nauvoo. ing history in this book, and it is to

"Elder Brigham Young arrived in After this there was the work of be hoped that it will be widely sold

Boston this morning. I walked with planning for the westward move. Brigand read among the members of the

him to 57 Temple Street, and called ham showed his genius in this vast Church. Preston Nibley.

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 99

The Happy Humorists By ALFRED OSMOND 'TPHE wells of poetry pay no parfrom this angle an interesting study. "Will Rogers,""Rainbow Bay,"

ticular attention to depression, but For instance the poet takes the subject, "The Biggest Fish I Ever Caught,"send forth their streams of sentiment "Kisses,"and stretches it over sixteen "When the Trout are Bitin'Fine,"whether mere physical food is obtainpages of the book, and "How I Fell and "The Big Four,"a friendly visit able or not. Professor Alfred Osmond, From Grace"over ten. with "Will and Wood and Ted and

dean of poets of the state of Utah, has The longest poem and, in some reTaft,"four great figures all of whom come forth with his third volume of spects, the best in the book, is "Weary were humorists, of the immediate past

Roosevelt, Taft. Willie,"a satire Wilson, preachers on and is entitled,verse. This time his book and—Bryan,

'to the introduction volume, through runs In his which Humorists,"and is made preachin'"The Happy up of twentyfive poems—200 pages "I have observed that people who take—illustrated by Nelson White, wellthirty-nineWillie's closingpages. declaration is this: the poet says this among other things:

seriously themselves lives too and their artist. of All the poems Utahknown

to a clearly tendency in marked genialhave a line, "I'm a voice without an echo; show every warmth

and several of them have many lines. I'm a song without a tune; become cranky or crazy or both. If

Professor Osmond has an interesting I'm a word without a meanin'any of the following poems save a theory of art. He believes that a I'm a blossom froze in June; single soul from this sinful fate, I

poet is much more the poet if he can I'm a leaf that's dry and withered; shall be happy and hopeful forever

take an idea and stretch it into a I'm ai hope forever fled; after. Havin'fun is not merely

lengthy work of art very much in the I'm the shadow of a promise child play. It is a serious and business

it The book which will be out in timenotes—asame way simplethat a theme—andmusician takesworksa few That was blasted and is dead."interest of human life."

into a concerto or even into a symOther important poems in the volfor the holiday trade is dedicated "To phony. Several of the poems appearume are: "The Monkey and the Man,"the Happy and Unhappy Humorists

ing in "The Happy Humorists"present a friendly discussion of evolution; of all Times and Climes."H. R. M.

Do Men Believe What Their Church Prescribes?

By RULON S. HOWELLS

TPHIS volume bound in blue cloth riage, etc., and in addition has included people at home who are interested in

and containing a chart and 163 a brief history of each of the ten comparing doctrines and in studying pages of material, is quite unique churches. the progress of the churches. A suppublications.among Utah in deals the plement with Mr. book Confacts a in are presented simple, The secured hasHowells gregationalists, Disciples, from authoritaFirst and

in brief straightforward form. manner tive sources statements of ten Scientists. leading Christ, of Church

fact, in the reality In volume becomeschurches, including the Jesus religions of in Church the of United A list religions. of a handy handbookChrist Latterday Saints, of States the their twentyor- including dates on of

three important subjects such as God, The book will be of great value to ganization into church bodies is inthe preexistence of man, baptism, marmissionaries in the field and to those cluded in the back of the book.

4KX*sg>/X>+ < Say It With Seals "Merry Christmas"

By ADA TAYLOR GRAHAM Executive Secretary Utah Tuberculosis Association

ORALE"is fighting spirit which makes us want portance of correct diet; it has cared

something to go right into the fight and inspires for patients in the home when hospital intangible, us with the confidence we need to care has been unobtainable; it has procreated by win the battle. vided hospitals, preventorial and Mour own thoughts health in the has helped and it camps has the Christmas Seal accomWhat and feelings public health other promotion of many in and by plished against past in this fight the

the thoughts and a dread disease? projects.

expressions othof this But the of important most work It has been the ers. means of building It isn't dependlittle Seal has been Christmas the up Tuberculosis Assocheery National ent the condion

will tuberIn and life state fiftytwo attion the be—education. of and the and It lives ciation moment.

culosis, disease in other than any more territorial It associations. fostered has the belief thaton are trying what we

is a of "an prevention—ounce worth

is research the for cureto prevenand work do the worth doing and hope cure,"of gospel preachand pound it tion tuberculosis; in of it. has helpedthat times accomplish we In may

is seal the possible ed gay by the establishment clinics free is—curethe for stress difficulty, ofof and often morale

costs expensive. Prevention but nothit diagnosis treatment; has proand that success factor is the determines

or failure. vided followup care for clinic patients ing.

The Christmas Seal children are so they might be persuaded to take The Christmas Seals furnish the singing! Even in this year of depresadvantage of hospital care when it was ammunition that permits the battle sion! Why? Because there is so available; it has educated the families against tuberculosis to go on—so—

much to be happy about and besides, of patients as to the value of preventive say it with Seals.

singing builds up the morale—the measures in their homes and the imMerry Christmas!

.

pictures must be 4. of Branding people animals. or to the standards meetMOTIONmade

5. cruelty to Apparent children or if the people, thinking of

animals. is sucto continue industry 6. Surgical operations.

is factcessfully. recognized by This

the producers, judging by their establishment of a code. Some Recent Pictures

"The task undertaken by the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors American Madness (Columbia)

Stirring story a and true of run on educators, cooperating withof America, sanctity the of marriage and The a bank. Adults people. and young authoritiesdramatists, and leadchurch shall should upheld. Pictures be home Bill of Divorcement (R. K. O.)

ers child education and in the field of infer relathat not of sex low forms Extraordinary story a shellof resultedsocial welfare work, has now tionship are the accepted or common shocked beautifully man, played by in the adoption by the Code thing. of a new John Barrymore and Katherine HepAssociation of Motion Picture ProTreatment of low, disgusting and burn. Magnificent for adults.

ducers. objectionable, though not necessarily Bird of Paradise (R. K. O.)

"The new Code has been accepted evil subjects, should be subject always Old favorite charmingly set in tropand subscribed to individually by to the dictates of good taste and regard ical islands. Notable for photography.

about 20 of the prominent producers for the sensibilities of the audience. Adults and young people.

in picture industry."the motion of Culver Brown (Universal) refergesture, Obscenity in word,

It provisions: the includes following interesting Wholesome story of and is song, joke suggestion, or by

shall picture be produced a military No academy. Family. which ence,forbidden.

will lower the moral standards of those Crooner (WarnerFirst National) who see it. Hence, the sympathy of Dances which emphasize indecent Timely story of radio crooner's rise

the audience should never be thrown to movements are to be regarded as oband fall. Family.

the side of crime, wrongdoing, evil or scene. Divorce in the Family (M. G. M.)

sin. Pointed profanity or vulgar expresHighly moral and wholesome story

Correct standards of life shall be sions, however used, are forbidden. of a child jeopardized by divorce.

presented on the screen, subject only Complete nudity is never permitted. Family.

to necessary dramatic contrasts. This includes nudity in fact or in Down to Earth (Fox) Law, natural or human, should not silhouette, or any lecherous or licenWill Rogers in story of today—less

sanity. and more money Family. shall ridiculed, be norbe sympathy tious notice characters thereof other by First The Year.(Fox) its violation. forcreated in picture. the

Farriell in Gaynor scory and of shall the against never Crimes law perintended to costumes Dancing love. young Clean, entersweet and as to a in such presentedbe throw way mit or exposure indecent undue movetaining. Family.

as the against crime withsympathy in are the forbidden. dance ments Hell's (JR. Highway K. O.)

justice inspire others to orlaw and ridepisode film or throw may No story Brutal of prison Adults. camp.

with a desire for imitation. icule on any religious faith. Madame Racketeer (Paramount)

1 Murder Ministers of religion, in their charDiverting story of lovable old crook, (a) The technique of murder must acter as such, should not be used as out on parole long enough to set be presented in a way that will comic characters or as villains. several things right. Adults and

not inspire imitation. Ceremonies of any definite religion Young People.

(b) Brutal killings are not to be should be carefully and respectfully Man from Yesterday (Paramount) presented in detail. handled. War story of Enoch Arden flavor.

(c) Revenge in modern times shall The use of the Flag shall be consistFair, though not distinctive. Adults.

not be justified. ently respectful. Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (Fox)

2. Methods of Crime should not be The history, institutions, promiModernized story of old favorite.

explicitly presented. nent people and citizenry of other naGood. Family.

Theft, robbery, safecracking, tions shall be represented fairly. Smilin'Thru (M. G. M.)

dynamiting, arson must not be deSalacious, indecent or obscene titles Beautifully acted picturization of tailed in methods; nor should shall not be used. sweet old sentimental story. Outsmuggling. Use of fireams should The following subjects must be standing photography. Adults and

be restricted to essentials. treated within the careful limits of Young people.

3. Illegal Drug Traffic should never good taste: Strangers in Town (Warners)

be presented. 1. Actual hangings, or electrocuHumorous story of complications in

4. The Use of Liquor in American tions as legal punishments for crime. a grocery store.

life, when not required by plot or 2. Third Degree methods. Successful Calamity (Warners)

for characterization shall not be 3. Brutality and possible gruesomeWhimsical, lovable story dealing

shown. ness. with today's economic upsets. Family.

USIC

Christ in Music By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

"Christians, be joyful, and praise your salcould appear upon the earth today he In his setting to Cardinal Newman's vation, would enjoy glory greater than that poem, "The Dream of Gerontius,"is your Sing, for born. Redeemer today foremost England's Elgar, the anEdward to gave world of kings. He

fearful, forget to be lamentation, Cease written Purcell, has since life the composer of great the other on work this greet glad to thanksgiving Haste with faculty his marvelous proves that music Oratorio,"Savior. "Christmas His morn!

the matches that music finding of recites six in chapin 1834, fail beproduced let worship, us and down Come fore Him, ters events in the Master's life. words inevitably."This genius, lookLet—Fromus withBach'svoices "Christmasunited adoreOratorio."Him."theHaydenseven lastwrotewordsa musicalof Christsettingwhichto edadvancementupon as havingin themadeart theof onlyoratorioreal

proved so interesting to SaintSaens since Handel, has given to the world

SURVEY "of the works of the that he devoted a whole chapter to it works that are immortal, in which master composers of history in his "Memoirs."Berlioz uses the Christ is the motive, both in this and

reveals a marvelous contribuEaster hymn, "Christ is risen from the in his "The Apostles,"as well as in art that tion to immortal a continuation of Kingdom,""The has dead,"in his wonderful "Damnation

Christ. the inspiration fromhadAits latter work. the of Faust."

It is a herculean task to enumerate even Gounod was 12 years writing his The foregoing are for the most part the great works that have endured and "Redemption"upon which he wrote what are generally considered to be his that will endure to the end of time, when finished, "The work of my life."sacred works. Not alone in this field

to say nothing of the volumes of It tells of the creation; of Calvary; has inspiration come to composers from

smaller compositions by lesser comfrom resurrection to the ascension and the life, mission and eternal importance posers, past and contemporary, of real the Pentecost. The Christ idea in the of the Redeemer of mankind. Some

and questionable merit. Little need soul of this great man inspired a congreat music is to be found in many of

be said about the wealth of Catholic tinuation of the theme of the "Rethe standard operas which has the church music which dates from the demption"which is his "More et Master as its inspiration. Witness the

very beginning of the history of music Vita"(Death and Life). Likewise in Easter music from "Cavaleria Rustias an art. his opera "Faust"he cannot get away cana,""Faust,""Manon,""MerThe Mass has at all times exerted a from this divine theme. odiade,""Le Jongleur de Notrepowerful fascination over all comMendelssohn, the Jew, found in the Dame,""Salome,"and others.

posers. Even Bach, the staunchest of life of the Apostle Paul the theme for Some of the operas take the subject

Protestants, gave to the Catholic servone of his most important works as the main idea, and many of these ice the "most wonderful musical brain "St. Paul."His employment of such are among the greatest in existence.

the world has ever seen,"writing sev- a statement in his text as "Him the Of this class might be cited Meyereral masses that, as one writer has said, Just One, with whose murder ye have beer's "The Huguenots,"Wagner's "there might be no exception to the been stained,"and the treatment of the "Tannhauser,"and the latter's "Parrule that all the greatest composers entire lofty theme was such that one sifal,"all composed from lore which should at one time or another take the writer says he "expresses the earnestness undoubtedly had as its background the liturgy for their text."Among the and spirituality of the Christian faith."life of the Savior.

great outstanding Masses might be Some of Schumann's best music is Also in instrumental works we find mentioned Palestrina's "Mass of contained in his setting to scenes and the Great Story giving inspiration to

Pope Marcellus,"Bach's "Mass in B Gretchen's hymn to the Virgin. composers in all climes and in all

Minor,"Beethoven's "Mass in D. MaListz wrote his "Christus"in 1866, periods.

jor,"and Gounod's "Messe Solonand called it his "Musical will and The most monumental musical nelle,"and Requiem Masses of Mozart, testament."No less an authority than work depicting the Christ has purBerlioz, and Verdi. SaintSaens regards this as his greatest posely been left for last consideration.

The great thirteenth century hymn, work. It is deeply religious, and reHandel's "Messiah"is the most repre-

"Stabat Mater,"("The mourning flects his mental attitude at this time; sentative work of its kind; it is not

mother was standing") has been set to also it is touched with the mysticism asserted, as one has said, that it is the music by such masters as Palestrina, that was one phase of his mentality. first from the standpoint of the musiPergolesi, Haydn, Steffani, Dvorak and He took as his motto for the work, cian, but no other such work has enRossinni. Leaving the great number Paul's words to the Ephesians: "But joyed such enduring popularity—such

of Masses it will be interesting to scan speaketh the truth in love may grow positive adoration. Volumes have

the field of the larger works and note up unto him all things, which is the been written about it; numberless serwhat a vast contribution the inspirahead, even Christ."It deals with the mons preached about it; for generait resounded with hastion of tions has given is ours. nativity, the Redeemer England "after Epiphany"—Christ's

live other. It will theBach's end to "Passion according monumental life and ministry, from one and with the passion

to St. Matthew"looms high above and resurrection. as long as time endures, because it tells

the horizon; it was presented first on In this short but impressive work, in the grand language of an immortal

the afternoon of Good Friday, April "The Last Judgment,"Louis Spohr genius, yet one who was so human 15, 1729. This work has done more has made righteousness of the Christ that he could weep with sorrow and

than any other to perpetuate the name his theme, and the work breathes a with joy as he set the everlasting theme of the Master, and in regard to its spirit that must have dwelt within the to enduring music, the great story of importance one has said that if he heart of a devout Christian. stories—of the Redeemer—Christ.

ztCekhizedek Priesthood Season's Greetings To Members of the Melchizedek PriestWith true satisfaction, we have that we have scarcely more than enhood Quorums Throughout the noted quorum activity in helping the tered the field of quorum activity—

Church. unemployed, in carrying responsibility much of the area still lies before us

Dear Brethren: of ward teaching, in attendance at undeveloped.

Before the present year takes its quarterly conferences, Sacrament meetMay the achievements of the past place in the files of the Past, we desire ings and other authorized assemblies, few years prove to each and all a source to express, even though inadequately, in assisting missionaries, and missionof encouragement and of inspiration to appreciation of the excellent labors aries'families, in conducting socials, move on with increased impetus to yet performed by many of the groups and etc., etc. greater heights in quorum efficiency.

quorums throughout the Church. PerAnother feature most gratifying is God bless you with a realization of

haps it is not too much to say that the greater consideration given to the His divine approval for duties well during 1932, many groups have choosing of quorum officers by officials performed, and with new and broader achieved a quorum consciousness herewhose duty it is to make such selecvision of achievements yet to be tofore unexcelled. Group action and tions. They not only choose with achieved.

group influence are becoming more and wiser deliberation but also impress With all our hearts, we wish you more manifest, with the result that more earnestly upon the men so chosen happiness and success throughout the quorums are now beginning to exert the mighty responsibility quorum leadcoming year.

that influence upon their members and ership involves. Sincerely and fraternally your brethren,

upon Church procedure which is reBut, brethren, notwithstanding these The Council of the Twelve.

quired of them by divine appointment. marks of progress, the fact remains By Rudger Clawson, President.

Home Beautification Program By PRESIDENT ROY A. WELKER

At the Request of E. M. Pugmire, President of the High Priests'Quorum.

"A thing of beauty is a joy forworked out, such as a rock garden, a of the High Priests'Quorum called for ever. "Keats. lily pond, a gladiola bed, a giant pansy reports from those whom they had

VX7HEN a year ago last spring the bed,Theetc. result was quite extraordinary appointedthe variousearlyhomesin forthe theseasonpurposeto visitof

v * High Priests Quorum of the and transforming. One man, starting noting the advance made in the proBear Lake Stake began a home beautiout for a stroll one morning in one ject. (Two for each community had

fication program, they did not realize of the towns, lengthened it to a jaunt been appointed, a high priest and a as they do now how much significance of several hours, so attracted was he Relief Society member). These reKeats'statement held. Intent, howby the variety and beauty of the yards ports were pleasing and rather unique

ever, upon putting their program into he viewed. Concluding his pleasure as they revealed a rugged appreciation

effect, they set to work with a hearty trip, he declared that he had never of the beautiful quite new in the lives good will, and e'er long the spirit of seen the homes of that community of some of those reporting. This;

the thing became quite contagious. look so well. will surely carry over into future acNearly every high priest in the stake At the August quorum meeting of tivity of such projects.

began to improve the appearance of his 1931 and also 1932, the presidency Early in September the Relief Sohome and to make it more attractive.

How did he do it? Not blindly.

He got suggestions sometimes from many sources. He did some planning

himself, so that his work would not be promiscuous. He then planted

flowers and shrubs and trees, sometimes painting his house and fences and removing objectionable outbuildings and after that exercising care in the task at hand. His neighbor became

interested in what he was doing, and he in turn became interested in his neighbor's accomplishments. A sympathetic pride in a common interest

grew up happily.

While the High Priests were doing this, the Relief Society members were planting and caring for flowers. Of

course in many instances individuals of the two groups were working together——it was one project, but here

and there exceptional tasks were A Home Beautiful

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 103

ciety, aided by the High Priests'

Quorum, held a flower show, both in 1931 and 1932. The variety and

quality of flowers shown were beyond expectation. Many visitors left with

a deeper appreciation of the efforts of their neighbors and friends than they had before held, as well as.with a

desire to do some home beautification themselves. The spirit of the thing is

still contagious, and still throbs the thought in the hearts of the participants, "A thing of beauty is a joy forever."

CHARACTER is higher than intellect. Thinking is the function.

Living is the functionary. The stream

retreats to its source. A great soul will

be strong to live as well as strong to

Home of E. M. Pugmire, Bear Lake Stake think."Emerson.

Timpanogos Stake Provides Excellent Melchizedek

Quorum Records npIMPANOGOS STAKE has taken church work, attendance at quarterly 2nd. Keep your record accurately each

the initiative in providing an indiconference. week.

vidual record for every member of the Under the instructions the following 3rd. Keep your record up to date.

Melchizedek Priesthood of the stake. information is given: 4th. Keep this record hung in a conThis record, printed on a convenient venient place in your home.

sized card designed to be hung on the Dear Brother: 5 th. Bring this report of the quorum

wall of the member's room, provides We are each making our own recofficers at the first monthly Priestthe means for keeping an attractive ords in our quorum work from day hood Union meeting of each record, week by week, of every activity to day and week to week. The inquarter. Mark the number of

provided for members of the quorums formation requested of you on this meetings or activity attended to of the Melchizedek Priesthood. quarterly report is important to your in each column with a straight

The items reported on include Sunquorum and in reporting quorum acmark thus |. If absent or inday School, Priesthood Class meeting, tivities to the presiding authorities. active leave blank. If you feel

M. I. A. attendance, Monthly quorum Do your part as a representative of the you were properly excused mark

meeting, committee work, visiting sick, Quorum to which you belong. E.

etc.; missionary work, sacrament meet1st. Attend to your church duties so Signed

ing, ward teaching, work in auxiliary that your record will be pleasing organizations, temple work, other to you as well as to the quorum. Member of Quorum of

Elders of South Davis Hold Rousing Convention 'T,HE eight quorums of the South Joseph Smith's immortal prayer, after David Hughes and Lloyd Hess and the

Davis Stake met in annual conthe vision, witnesses of the Book of Bountiful Second Ward Orchestra.

vention in the Bountiful Tabernacle Mormon, restoration of the priesthood, Refreshments were served during the on the night of October 10 with Elder etc. dancing which closed the evening's

David O. McKay, a member of the Musical numbers were furnished by entertainment.

Quorum of the Twelve, as special guest "All of the four committees were and speaker. It was Elder McKay's put in active operation to develop each

third attendance at the annual conDuty of Group Leader to prepare for this convention,"said vention. His visit was only marred Wilford C. Wood, in a letter to the

by the fact that Mrs. McKay, on acNote: A section is reprinted from Improvement Era. "Every elder's

count of serious illness, was unable to the ''Supplement to In the Realm of home was visited, transportation was

Activity,"in order that group Quorum present themselves for, him. the elders withbe spoke on arranged He and their have clearly in mind may subject:the (a) posters as printing of their Joseph Smith did their own selection an leadersduties in to respect the of a

Elder, and (b) What an Elder's Quoclass leader for the Gospel Doctrine which were taken throughout the rum in the Church should be today. class in Sunday School. whole stake, furnished their own music

Elder McKay's inspirational speech Choosing the class instructor: and refreshments, so that no one was

expense, particularly with burdened of of enan eveningwas the climax "President or quorums, group of entertainment proand the entire and precededjoyment. It was by a pageant invited into leaders consulshould be

given by all of the quorums of the tation with the Bishoprics and the gram were free."

stake in cooperation. This pageant Sunday School superintendency when Elder McKay was presented with a

consisted of eight acts, each act revealthe class instructor is chosen."See bouquet of flowers which were sent to

page toing 10 of the "Supplement"for Mrs. unor- about in the some important McKay, move who was other duties.

entire as the theganization dergo an operation, such and of the Church religious revival which motivated group joined in prayer in her behalf.

(L/faronk rriesthood The Importance of Activity DeaconsPriests. andTheseanotherlettersfor Teachersoutline andthe LesserSacrament.PriesthoodWe hadis thequitepassinga timeof theto

in -Aaronic Priesthood duties of the various offices. If a boy put over to the boys the reverence

Quorums isis heldto beatordainedwhich hisa Deaconmother anda meetingfather ment,that is soneededwe decidedin passingthat thewe wouldSacraare present and in this meeting it is hold a campaign among the Aaronic

Excerpts from talk by Fred J. Curtis, explained to him the duties of the Priesthood members for better order

Chairman Aaronic Priesthood ComAaronic Priesthood and the duties he and better reverence during the passing

Granite mittee, Ward, Hawthorne alas also to the Sacrament. a of will were perform be expected We

at Stake, Priesthood Aaronic Convenletter in that the to meeting given and announce lowed Deacon. He is

7, tion, Oct. 1932 in letter this this him. takes both Sunday with campaign he was on home

that letter the meeting place where and a School and Sacrament have on We I think his the of every expected sign ward where can and member he his name we for aFIRST,shouldletbe methe statequalificationwhat this their father to cooperate sign names. found have can and mother and we

supervisor. be priHe should also

interested in boys. marily To day.He bringsThistheletterletteris backalwaysthekeptnextonSunfile adoptedto be a wonderfulthe uniformhelp.dress Wein ourhaveward,

is a interesting the thing most boyme a office. If Isome especially have had Deacons. in the bishop's we by We

there ever is in the world. you Have fill first assignthis his to like to doesn't opposition when we boy who

face to the a stopped of study boy? I it great that the will believe out. help started to find a boy be ments, we

is the or deepest in he study Whether if originally shirt letter a the white has he he and to out come him show is his to mischief, he whether some up tie. little feels a a the black signed. with same do He way bow We

tell face story. ever the will Have you a also bigger. Priests. wonderful has This the Teachers and

tried a seen together of boys and group 1 is 1 place years effect to the of thing 1 2 and boys on good Another is to their faces? face study Every officers. these see age. they the Deacons responsibility on quorum When

different picture, different a a story. results. to a at the Deacon. will they surprised long become be You

real task the of Aaronic SuperThe roll of positions. will the notice If Altheir books in Respect you them

isvisor these to boys. arouse I always instrucwill see their the Priesthood give Aaronic the you have boys ways

try to keep in mind when working tions to the quorum. Put the boy among the designation of assignments

among the boys of our ward the on his own. Let the boy make the that one of the assignments is to bring

thought of Jesus at the age of 12. assignments, the president the first in new members, not ordained, and

Wasn't he confounding the wise men month, the first counselor the next one is to bring in new residents of the in the temple? Wasn't it to a boy, month, the second counselor the next ward: also -to notify members of meetthat this greatJoseph Smith, work a visit will have ings members. so on. and quorum and month, You To

I revealed? will thinkwas keep if you if is this the success important than you second most great deal more me

these in incidents in your Aaronic mind yourself. in assignment these In our thing assignments work. our make

thisPriesthood responsithat work, is presito the that is helpful thing have put this up to ward Another we to bility will appeal more you appoint before of you dency planned the quorum. They an outline and you have

will have a thorough realization of it. arrive at your class Sunday morning. certain boys to Visit the inactive mem-

T have found in my work that the You cannot work out an Aaronic bers. We have also had the cooperagreatest help is to know a boy by his Priesthood program by coming to Suntion of the correlation committee. We

first name. You mav think this is a day School or quorum meeting and have got to the stage now where our

hard task, but it becomes easy. I deciding what you are going to do correlation committee is dealing with

have worked with the Aaronic Priestafter you get there. You have to have only, those who are over 20 years of

hood for six years and know every boy your program outlined and know what age. We have only six boys in our

by his first name. In putting over you are going to do. The boys are ward who are not active. I attribute

your activity program you will find always on the alert. You have to keep this to the work that has been done

this to be a great benefit. Teach by one jump ahead of them. by the boys. If a boy misses two

example. You cannot ask a boy to Relative to assignments, we have meetings he is immediately visited by

do something you don't do yourself. a card system by which we keep a the president of the quorum. This

I have found that if you ask a teacher record of assignments made and filled. has also reflected in the attendance at

to be at the ward at 9:30 to prepare This card we hand to the President of Sacrament meeting., We have had

the Sacrament and you are not there the Quorum on Sunday morning. The some wonderful results. We have had

yourself, he will immediately think card I have here is for the Priests'around 30 or 40 boys and on May there is something wrong. You should class. On it we say, for instance, 15 we had 135 boys in attendance

be on the job even if the boy is sup- 'You will kindly appoint three Priests at Sacrament meeting.

posed to do it. to prepare the Sacrament on Sunday Relative to ward teaching, we genThe next step is to instil in the morning, October 3. Also appoint erally use our Teachers and Priests to

boys the responsibility of the Aaronic one member to give a talk on Sunday do this work. Every boy who wants

Priesthood. We try to cooperate with morning, October 3. Also kindly give to go ward teaching makes it known

the boys 1 1 and 1 2 in the Sunday the names of boys whose ward teaching and we report to the block teachers that

School, and we try to instil in these has been done so far this month."We this boy wants to go. You will find

boys what a wonderful opportunity it give this card to the president of the that these boys want to do ward teachis to become associated with the quorum. He in turn makes his asing. We have also tried to assist the

Aaronic Priesthood. If we have a signments and when the class is over bishopric in repairing the meeting

social we always invite these boys of he has a list of boys who expect to fill house, getting wood for the poor, etc.

I I and 1 2 years of age. When a boy these assignments. We have found Also, in connection with assignments,

becomes of age to enter the Aaronic this to be a wonderful help in our we have had our Priests do work at

Priesthood, he is invited to do so by Aaronic Priesthood work. the Temple. In our ward we have

the bishopric. We have one letter for To me the greatest assignment in taken in the President of the GeneaThe Improvement Era for December, 1932 105

logical Society as a member of the Coras the attendance of the boys at their A five minute talk by a deacon on relation Committee. We have had meetings was not stressed so much. a subject from the Deacon's lesson

wonderful help from these men. They There are Aaronic Priesthood Superbook is also scheduled.

can promote a whole lot of activity visors in 6 of the 8 wards. In the second session to be held in

a School the Sunday with especially enconnection Priesthood, the Lesser last evening a newamong "However talk on minute a five give teacher is toin connection with Priesthood the Book ComStake Aaronic of Relarged membrance. mittee which had been chosen and a lesson from the Teacher's manual Sunday year. Between current the for set apart and were sustained, and met this I in connection say with might the session of afternoon the and School organized. thoroughly their was work assignments, ofmatter following up the of a Ward meeting conference committee the are nine on There men telephone. follow This up by themwe is held to be Committee Correlation the of the directing three work with firstis the the of where knowing name auxiliaries all secretaries of the with three and Teachers Priests, the three helps out. Or, meet mightboy you roll their with present to be requested is a CounHigh the There Deacons. I street say: the "John, and onhim session a afternoon the books. At the of grade each of in charge cilor lastsee missed out you Sunday."You a five minutes on is for talk to Priest to boys'six other men Priesthood and is thiswill find greatest the of one outline. Priest's the lesson from this committee of assist them. Eachhelps in In our our work. ward we

the of making excellent plan visit This each to will four wards have filled inhave 9 assignments 5,615 the of feature a Priesthood Aaronic visitors will there be three thus month,months. have an average of 65% We

to is certain have stress to Ward Conference every Sunday in every wardof the total say enrollment. I may

that we have had the cooperation of the work before the Bishopric and their satisfactory results, especially when the Sunday School and the Mutual. supervisors. The personnel of this handled in such an effective manner.

If you want to get a thrill out of committee follows: Christian M.

Lloyd Sorensen, H. C, Chairman; indoing anything the Church, you N. Kanab Stake Presidency in charge Melville Gleave and Rulon Ishould Priesthood do Lesser work.

Francis A. Gay, of Priests; H. C; Reports on Correlation testifycan to that there you is no

P. ChristianWells and Lorenother in the out of Delbert work Church

Delbert Teachers; of in charge sen is to be activity G. TT'ANAB STAKE get willwhich you more satisfaction.

and Earl A. Asay Lyle Ence, H. is C; to every ward -*-*"speeded up and will get in having reward yourYou

in of Deacons. charge Porter plan and Correlation the carry outthe later boys in years come to you

to out are going brethren "These supervision Priesthood Aaronic the thanking forand did you you what better feel that certain and we win reports J. Meeks president Heber plan, isfor them, that there and knowing

fuin the results will be forthcoming Bishopric. Presiding the tonothing greater these than leading boys

to clean, upstanding manhood. ture. Practically all wards are organized

and ready for the winter's work and considerable improvement is expected

South Sevier Organizes for St. Joseph Stake Has over last year. The report states that

Interesting Ward an effort is to be made to establish the

Increased Activity proper balance between the Scout deConference Program partment and Aaronic Priesthood work to appears cases Scouting in as some the increasing purpose the ofTOR L. PAYNE, PRESIDENT HARRY emphasis. greater given been have effectiveness Priesthood Aaronic of sent St. Stake, has the of Joseph is encouraging and very report The the Sevier in Stake, Southwork office Bishopric Presiding the the an to of the to follow a determination indicates nine Priesthood of committeeAaronic for the the Annual program Ward of training the for program Church three the of beingmen, members High stake. that the of of Conferences wards its entirety. in young men inCouncil, conhas organized been sessions outlines four program The

the the suggested plan withformity by the in of Aaronic the which work

Presiding Bishopric. Priesthood is well represented. MemGenealogical Lessons in

In a report from the Stake Presibers of the Bishopric are expected to dency through Walter O. Lundgreen, report at the first sessions of the conAaronic Priesthood

Stake the activity of clerk, the following information ference quorums on the Quorums is given: to direction; the bishop under their

"We realize that this activity has report for the Priests, the first counTT is recommended that genealogical not advanced as it should have done, selor for Teachers >anld the Second * work for the quorums of Priests, especially during the summer months, counselor for Deacons. Teachers and Deacons in the Aaronic

Priesthood be given special emphasis.

Under the plan of cooperation between the Aaronic Priesthood and the Genealogical society adopted some time ago, one lesson each month in each of the quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood is to be devoted to the study of genealogy. Each of the lesson books provided for the quorums contains the

lessons recommended for use usually for the fourth lesson each month.

Beginning with the Deacons'quorum, each member is urged to take up the Book of Remembrance which was designed especially for the quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood. The plan

begins with each member securing his patriarchal blessing which is to be

Deacons anil Leaders from Hyrum First Ward copied into the Book of Remembrance.

106 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

Alternative Given Aaronic Priesthood TrainingTeachers'Quorum Publishes

In missions where there is no patriConferences Paper arch, the person making out the book 8th, Saturday, October a plan instead his patriof obtainingmay, is the f)N name MESSENGER"QUR leadership training of for Aaronic archal blessing, of write an account selected by the Teachers'Quorum his own baptism and confirmation as Priesthood supervisors was inaugurated of the Eleventh Ward of the Ensign a member of the Church, telling who by the Presiding Bishopric. At a meetStake for a monthly newspaper pubofficiated in the ordinances, where, ing held on that date the first of a lished by the quorum. The first issue

when any other information needed series of Leadership Training Conferappeared in October. It contained

to tell the story. When this is done, ences to be held throughout the Church news of the quorum activities, greetthe first award may be given just as was conducted. The program included ings, a brief history of the life of

though the patriarchal blessing had been a discussion of all phases of Aaronic Joseph Smith with a portrait and other obtained and copied into the book. Priesthood leadership, and a study of interesting material. Number two was

In addition to the teaching of the the problems of leadership among devoted to the life of Brigham Young, principles of genealogy the Book of young men. The meeting was highly a story of Hallowe'en, a contest anRemembrance provides for each memsuccessful and indicated a rapidly innouncement, and a quorum "Who's

ber of the Aaronic Priesthood making creasing interest in this important who."It also contained a mirth

a record of his own personal history phase of church activity. column. The paper is financed

as well as that of his family. Family The first of the District Leadership through subscriptions of fifty cents a

pictures as far back as they are obConferences to be held throughout the year. There are no advertisements.

tainable are also provided for. It is Church was held Sunday, October The paper is issued in connection

designed that when the book is com30th at Logan. The six stakes of with a drive to bring every young man

pleted it will contain all the informaCache Valley participated. More than of Teacher's age into activity. Wiltion available regarding the person 200 Aaronic Priesthood leaders were liam DeBry is president of the quorum

making the book and all his ancestors. present. The second conference, which and Weldon V. Moore is supervisor.

included stakes of the upper Snake The staff of the paper includes Clarke held River Valley, Sunday, was editorin-chief, Russell, Cal ChrisNo- P. Baptisms Urged

Falls. Dates 20th, at Idaho vember tensen Fenna, reporters and and Harry

Baptismal excursions are to be arfor similar conferences in other disBud Richards, manager. A new staff

ranged under the direction of the leadtricts are now being arranged. of reporters is secured for each issue,

ers of quorums in cooperation with the It is the purpose of the Presiding giving all members an opportunity to local genealogical committee. One Bishopric to give every possible help participate in the publication. In sucprovision in the Book of Remembrance to Aaronic Priesthood leaders throughceeding issues the Priests and Deacons

is that each deacon is to be baptized out the Church, and this means has have been invited to have a column for 100 of his kindred dead for which been adopted for that purpose. devoted to their quorum activities.

he has, preferably, assisted in preparing The Teachers'quorum members are the necessary information.

work The is to be carried on under Hyrum First Ward Conducts followingto reach everya missionarypossible memberplan designedin the the direction of the bishopric by the Deacons'Contest ward. One member is assigned each

supervisors or class leaders of the week to study and discuss current of Hyevents.quorums. The lessons are to be given TWENTYFOUR deacons

the First of Hyrum Ward rumin regular order, each one month and to free trip a given were all are to Stake to be encouraged members the Birthday of Joseph Smith State the Conference General and Utah asdevote time between meetings much visits of the to Bureau Fair with Priestleader of Aaronic is "PVERYas necessary to the accomplish work State the Information, Utah Museum, apthe note of take should hoodoutlined. interest points of other Capitol and the Prophet birthday of proaching is It this that urged has where work achievefor a City, in Salt reward Lake called be Smith. should Joseph This

that yetnot taken been provision the a contest up conducted in by ments all the on attention to of quorums be made to begin with the regular Bishopric and the Aaronic Priesthood Sunday, December 18 th, the birthday lessons at once. Committee. anniversary being December 23rd.

Where assistance is desired it is sugPoints in the contest were awarded The Prophet was born December gested that local genealogical comfor attendance at quorum meetings 23rd, 1805, in Sharon Township, mittee members be invited to assist the and at Sunday School, observance of Windsor County, Vermont. This was

supervisors. the Word of Wisdom, filling assign127 years ago. His birthplace is now

These lessons are given in detail in ments in quorum work and providing owned by the Church, and a beautiful to a unable satisfactory excuse when cottage imposing an and memorial forthe each prepared books Aaronic fulfill assignment. or duty any erected. granite been have monument each lessonPriesthood In quorum. Salt to accompanied were boys The year, visitors, each of make Thousands isthere activity an outlined an and Silas Allen, Victor A. Bishop Lake by great the of the to the pilgrimage home

is the for provided carrying outaward Bishopric, the Israelson A. of E. John Prophet. Mormon

activity. also awards, of These Books the Presidency Israelson Stake and of in the large picture of Prophet The

Remembrance, with extra sheets of all other leaders. They were met on the this issue of the Improvement Era

kinds may be obtained from the GenTemple grounds by Presiding Bishop should be shown to members of the ealogical Society of Utah, 47 East Sylvester Q. Cannon and Bishop David quorum, and a statement made reSouth Temple street, Salt Lake City, A. Smith, first counselor in the Pregarding the life and accomplishments

Utah. siding Bishopric and Elder George Alof the man who was chosen to establish

the bert the Council of of Smith dispensation. the Church in this that plans be made We recommend and Oscar A. Twelve. Kirkham John

for carryingimmediately out -sgJg/K- rein also the participated Giles these D.

lessonsGenealogical with in connection officers the ception given boys. The

each forthe other lessons provided has 'I *0 do justice and judgment is more that contest report in charge the

Aaronic Priesthood quorum. done wonders for the quorum during acceptable to the Lord than sacriThe Presiding Bishopric. the summer months. fice."Jewish Proverb.

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive "Department Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Executives Divide Responsibility But Act as a Unit several years'experience recreational or activity program which any question, the counselors assist inAFTERit is conceded, we believe, by more or less concerns the association every plan that is inaugurated. To be

all of our M. I. A. officers as a whole. These three divisions of intelligent advisors each must be a

that the plan of dividing rethe work are now quite generally asspecialist in his own division of the sponsibility among the three members signed to the three members of the program but each must also know, in of the Presidency of each association executives, to each being given the a general way at least, the program makes for the efficient carrying on of part for which he is most adapted. of the other departments.

our program. Our work naturally diHowever, it is always understood This is important in the ward and

vides itself into three parts: ( 1 ) general that this assignment should not draw even more so in the stake organization

features, such as organization, memapart the members of the Presidency. for stake officers travel through the

bership, attendance, Era, fund, etc., First and always these three constitute stake in the capacity of supervisors.

specific able to give should be They to the administration a background form our entire which the of group in their information orand complete own studies program; and ganization manual as a unit. (2) and must work also of department general but work

other phases which have to do with While the President stands at the head information in regard to all of the the individual departments; (3) the and has the final deciding voice in other divisions of activity.

Introducing New Board Members Claire Parrish Dorius girlhood, Mrs. Dorius acted as a Sunshe spent several months acting as the

day School teacher in the Centerville secretary to Apostle John A. Widtsoe,

pLAIRE PARRISH DORIUS, reward. Later she attended the L. D. S. assisting him as stenographer as he

cently appointed as a member of high school for two years, and then wrote a set of the lessons for the Y. M.

the General Board of the Mutual Imentered the B. Y. U. at Provo to finish M. I. A. manual. During her college

provement Association, was born in her high school course. At that time life she again acted as secretary to Dr.

Centervilk, Davis county, where she Widtsoe in a large Sunday School class spent her early childhood. Her father, of college students.

Joel Parrish, was a pioneer of 1847. After graduation from the U. A. C.

Early in his life he lived in Canada. she was employed to take charge of

His parents then moved their family the Home Economics department of the to Illinois where they all joined the L. D. S. high school, which position

Church a few years after the organiMrs. Dorius held for three years. At

zation. The mother of Mrs. Dorius the request of President Widtsoe she

was Emma Ford Parrish, born in Engwas induced to take charge of the Boys'land, who came with her parents at and Girls'Club work under direction the age of six to Utah in answer to the of the U. A. C. Extension Division.

gospel's call. She became the second She was married to R. E. Dorius in

wife of Joel Parrish. 1916 and located in Salt Lake City.

She later attended the U. A. C. at While they have been raising their three

Logan when Dr. Widtsoe was presichildren they have traveled considerably

dent of that institution, from which she in Colorado, Wyoming, Montana and graduated in 1911 with a B. S. in Idaho and have participated in the

Home Economics. Church organizations in the various

When Sister Dorius was three years cities. Mrs. Dorius acted on the Salt

old her mother died so she became a Lake Stake Mutual Board for eight very close companion of her father, years in charge of the Gleaner departwho was a great reader and much inment. Since then she has acted as

terested in the finer things of life. class leader in the Adult department

He was intensely devoted to his religion for two seasons. She subsequently

and tried to instil its principles into completed a course as hospital dietitian the lives of his children. at the L. D. S. Hospital in Salt Lake

Her grade school education was obCity and devoted a year to her course tained in Davis county. During her Claire Parrish Dorius and was assistant dietitian in that insti108 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

tution. She has also had charge during nection with the Civic Center. She have been productive of definite results,

some of the seasons past of adult classes is a member of the Salt Lake Council for as one girl said, "Helen Williams in nutrition and child care at the Civic of Parents and Teachers, having the not only helps us to understand what

Center. She is at present acting as a RoomMother Project in charge, which we ought to do, and how to do it; she

director of adult education in the City develops close contact between parents, makes us want to, as well."She is

Council of the ParentsTeachers'Asteacher and child. She has closely possessed of fine mentality, unusual

sociation. studied individual characters and their personality, and true spirituality, and

problems which has resulted in her with these qualifications she is sure to tactfully solving them. succeed beautifully in M. I. A.

Her service in the Church of Jesus Sister Williams is the wife of Rex

Christ has been characterized by her Williams and the mother of three fine willingness to work. Her keenness of sons, and her home experience makes

insight into human nature, her tolerher very human and lovable. Educated

ance for the differing opinions of in the public schools of Salt Lake City, others, and a spirituality which recthe L. D. S. High School, and the

ognizes in every erring soul, a child University of Utah, she always has of God whose heart can be reached been prominent in cultural movements through loving kindness and sympathy, and programs. Drama has been a sort

have won her the love, respect, and of hobby with her, inherited, no doubt, confidence of those associated with her. from her father whose success in

Her work of preparation early in "home dramatics"is one of the things life qualified her to fill the many people tell their children about. In

positions of trust with honor to herself high school and college she was always and to her people. identified with dramatic departments,

and her experience in this direction will be most helpful in the activity program of the M. I. A.

Sister Williams is a true daughter of her excellent parents, a typical product of her pioneer ancestors, and an ideal M. I. A. worker. More than

that need not be said of anyone.

Bertha K. Tingey Erma Roland

Bertha K. Tingey rpRMA ROLAND combines perOERTHA K. TINGEY of Salt Lake newnessfectlywiththe a qualitiesgenuine ofunderstandingyouth and

City, Utah, daughter of John of human nature, and ability to lead

Hasler and A. Babette Kunzler, was

born in Willard, Utah, and appointed to the M. I. A. General Board during

July, 1932. She attended the public

schools of Salt Lake City, where she received a scholarship to the University of Utah. After graduating from the

Normal Course, she taught school four years.

On June 22, 1911, she marriedJoseph S. Tingey, Jr., son of Joseph S. k

and Martha H. Tingey, former GenHelen Spencer Williams

eral President of the Young Ladies'

Association.Mutual Improvement

Sister Bertha Tingey is the mother Helen Spencer Williams of four splendid children who are TTELEN SPENCER WILLIAMS, following in the footsteps of their a daughter of John D. and Clarparents. issa Young Williams, and a grandSister Tingey has been active in daughter of Brigham Young, is one

Church work all her life. In the of the latest additions to the General

Sunday School, she assisted in organBoard, and one whom the Board, as izing and developing the first group well as the M. I. A. throughout the

system of teaching in the KinderChurch, is hailing with delight. At

garten and Primary classes. She began her birth in 1896 she must have begun

her M. I. A. work as secretary of the to develop a cheerful disposition, to

Junior Class when she was thirteen have reached the point of joyousness years of age and has served in all of she has since attained.

the important offices of the organization in her ward. Sister Williams comes to the General Erma Roland

Sister Tingey is also active in politBoard from the Stake Board of Ensign ical and civic circles. Her chief hobby Stake, where she was particularly active young people successfully. Her father,

is that of applied arts and crafts. She as Gleaner Leader. Her efforts and the late August Roland, was of German

has taught this subject to the Adult enthusiasm for the Gleaner Project, descent; her mother, Delia Johnson

Classes in the public schools, in con- "I Will Gather Treasures of Truth,"Roland, is Swedish, and her oldworld

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 109

heritage of stability is marked in her ization ideals and purposes, and equally Experienced in the lines of dancing, character. clear ideas as to methods of making speech and drama, she was not long

Erma was born in 1902, and is the realities of these ideals. The Stake in fitting herself into her niche on the

only 20th century member of. the board of Grant Stake feels that a great General Board, and as time goes on,

General Board of Y. L. M. I. A. gap was made in their ranks when her fitness will manifest itself with

Educated in the Granite district public Sister Roland was called to the General increasing emphasis.

schools, the preparatory school of the Board, but they feel, too, that only Friendly, lovable, charming, she has

University of Utah, the college of the through the work of such as she can about her also a quiet dignity which a for and, season, at thesame Newplans the general and outlines be made is is delightful. General Board The University, she developed hasYork practical of greatest use throughand the to announce and proud happy intellecther personality a to and deout the Church. this girl, the cerof with membership I.lightful extent. In she has A. M.

come up from the ward ranks, through Community Activity was her field in tainty that she will be welcomed and the stake, and into the General Board the Stake; now it is the same, plus loved in whatever parts of the Church

with a clear conception of the organJunior Girls'Department affiliation. her duties call her.

Suggestions for Union Meetings

CTAKES whose Union Meetings departments meet for discussion of At 8:30 all of the groups redivide

are held on days other than Sunday manual work for the teoming month. themselves into activity groups—dancmay be glad to consider the plan being In the 45 minutes at their disposal ing, drama, music, public speaking,

followed by Pioneer Stake. This Stake there is not time to study all of the and story, and for 45 minutes discuss

holds its Union Meeting on a Monday chapters scheduled but there is time to and demonstrate these activities. In

familiar leaders class the spots each of become high and this upon way it as touchevening endeavors and to make activity activities to the the give suggestions better for and with many nearly like a Tuesday regular ward in interesting thus leaders teaching, the for work, manual with methods evening meeting as possible. and holding the members, and for promoting a correlation that makes for

Opening exercises are held from miscellaneous items connected with the better understanding of the entire pro- 7:30 to 7:45. At 7:45 all of the manual and project work. gram.

Field Notes

Hollywood Stake Slogan handfell among"there wasthe nowNephites,and thenby a tjheirman sirableNephitestodayin protectingas in thethetimemoreof vitalthe

Presentation swords and 'the loss of blood, they parts of the body.

shielded vital the being from more the ladies in piclarger young The Torrey, Utah, County, Wayne A T parts the vital the of or body, more are, left right, ture to from Ruby interesting be found a most may parts the of being shielded from body S. Erne Lundquist Smuin, Walker and

prehistoric evicollection ofprivate the strokes the their Lamanites, of by the L. positions holding of Fox, Ruth

dences. gathered been have These by their breastplates, armshields, and and leader, Beehive Counselor, Second and

of period a Pectol over P. E.Bishop their headplates."(Alma 43:37.) respectively, Directors, the in Era Y.

thethirtyfive years along with and

I. shields, L. of Glendale ward, Hollyin A. the These accom- M. shown

baskets, collections ofmore common Stake. photograph, panying reprobeen have wood

skelestones, arrowheadsgrinding and

Stake, in duced used and Hollywood the slopresentation of the During articles unusual of tons, contain some

I. in the presenting at Slogan A. M. at the gan meeting mentioned Union Saints.interest Included to Latterday

the meeting, the opening sugUnion ladies these passed cards out young are of these pottery madeamong a shield that in gestion given the being in printed gold green bearing and and skins robes burial ofcement, and mademarked very similar to our garments form of our M.. I. A. Slogan would the new M. I. A. slogan.—-Samuel H.

of today, and a group of circular be probably just as efficacious and deHanks, Stake Era Director.

shields of thick hide tanned almost to the toughness of metal and painted with striking designs. These shields

contain trappings which permit of their being attached loosely around the neck and have loops for inserting the arm, permitting the free use of both arms in drawing a bow or wielding a spear.

In the Book of Mormon we read "that Moroni had prepared his people with breast plates and with armshields"(Alma 43:19) and that "the

army of Zerahemnah was not prepared with any such thing"and were naked save it were a skin which was girded about their loins. And when the work

of death commenced on both sides it was more dreadful on the part of the

Lamanites for their nakedness was exposed to the heavy blows of the

Nephites with their swords and their cimeters, which brought death almost at every stroke. While on the other Hollywood Stake Slogan Presentation

110 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

In the M. I. A. Community Activity Manual you will find interestingAdults > material on the subject of the fundamental urges in humankind. In the

it is the aim a deserved,Hobbies everyhobbies?way their children's interest in topicsto give thereto humanpresented,interests

"\T7HAT is a hobby? How many Through the pursuit of a hobby, degree of dignity.

* * people have a favorite pursuit, many people have discovered interests To make the class period serve its something they love to do more than which have guided them in their choice highest possibilities, let members of almost anything else in the world of a life work. Many a boy, interthe class, or someone outside who is

something they choose to do when the ested in crystal radio apparatus, has known to have a delightful hobby, time is theirs to use as they wish? become a radio expert. Many a girl, appear before the group with demonHobbies divide themselves into three finding herself interested in playing strations and illustrations. It may be

fundamental groups hospital, and binding up the broken music, collecting, or flower raising.

1-—-Adquiring of knowledge, or membersing. A ofpackagedolls, hasof turnedseeds, tosentnursat Oneraisingwomanhas beenwhoseawardedhobbyprizesis dahliamany

sionals. It interesting be would most sculpture, of gardening. water Soapstudy;2—Collecting random, has aroused a passionate love times in competition with profestell a to have such of her woman colors, things other kodaks and have 3—Making things,or acquiringor creating.things; secrets. flower methods and in leading instrumental been young

"The acquiring of knowledge is people to a realization of true joy, Book reviews, photography, colthe serious work of the world's greatest which is the reward of "riding a lectings of rocks, insects, or other obthinkers; Socrates, Plato, Newton, hobby."jects, may be given in the class with

results. If excellent is there in your all to the learning be foundDarwin is his "Blessed has he found who

the of ward a copy "Young Woman's; lives."their passionabsorbing of life's work."Journal"for October, 1928, look up as instructed people, a been have We, Dexter, President Dr. Whittier of article the on "Hobbies"Rose by W. as the seek to revelation knowledgeby is says: College, "It important more is It Bennett. full of charm, and most exaltation. salvation of andonly means leisure to educate for labor."than for persuasive.We are saved or advanced no faster

than we gain knowledge. We believe

in the thought, oft expressed, that knowledge is power. (Read Doctrine j**.and Covenants, Sec. 88:77, 78, 79.) Seniors

One man who never reached college had in his library many volumes on the '"PHIS new department is organized They are supposed to be two in subject of psychology, and had read to include the young people of number, one Young Man and one them all, underscoring notations of inthe church both married and single, Young Lady representative. It is

terest. This man had a liberal educaof the ages of 24 to 35 inclusive. suggested that one of the class leaders

a survey conducted From or else by the Gensomeone appointed bytion them it on the subject—he had followed eral Boards that became apparent might collection a well makehis of maghobby.

the this of people age generally were azines, current and old, arrange coland type of hobby—the

I. the attending A. a place M. in the meeting house orlecting as are the not varied as some The hobby—issecond If this has already not been where class the done home of members collect. could there are to of thingsnumber

It is perhaps the most generally popular make a list of the people in the ward call and read the articles pertinent to type of all. who are not attending Mutual, then the subject under discussion or take

The urge to create is present with set to work to get them interested in home to read and study. If the latter

most people, and it can never die. the new class. course is allowed, a record should be

Creative hobbies for women are called From the General Board survey it kept of the distribution and return of fireside hobbies, as they are generally became apparent that: the magazines.

carried over at home; such hobbies are (a) People of this age have commonusually accomplished the hands. with social interests and desire to be Plan for the Evening together. of creative our scope Today work

is as wide as the world, because, (b) That subject matter that deals 7 p. m. Officers meeting for prayer

through the great inventions, the doors with the vital social problems of today and check up.

of the whole world are opened, and appeals to their interest. 7:30. Regular M. I. A. opening

the art of all nations and people is ours This is the age, it is to be observed, exercises.

to copy, to adapt to our needs, to when men and women are beginning enjoy. to assume responsibilities of family Three nights of each month:

Analyze the people in whom you are and civic life and greater business and 7:45. Manual Lesson, under class

most interested, and you will find, religious obligations. They are conleaders.

almost surely, that they are interesting scious at this period, as at no other 8:30 to 9:15. Recreation. For

because they are following their hobtime in their lives, of the tremendous this period the department may bies, and making their lives interesting responsibilities before them. choose the Appreciation course

thereby. desired and its representative on,

Define a hobby. The Class Leaders the Community Activity ComOf what value is a hobby? mittee will cooperate with other

Can hobbies be changed? 'HpHE class leaders must be readers members of that committee in

Prove that it is never too late to take wellread in the problems of the day correlating and carrying it forup a hobby. as well as in the gospel. They must ward.

What do you think of the statement be able to hold the threads that lead that the greatest proof of friendship out to all members. They will not The other night each month:

is awakening another to the delight of necessarily be lecturers, but they should 7:45 to 9:15. Recreation program,

developing a hobby? be able to lead the class to discuss the as outlined in Senior Manual,,

Why should parents encourage in subjects. pages 99 to 101.

.

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 m

Indoor Baseball >- Last month we asked the ward MenGleaners M of suggested try a to programgroups establishing homes, could they where in in the later the Obligation report to Socialactivity and Our lives their live according out and work success. their degree One theseason of

acto they the teachings which had Home Baseball.activity suggested Indoor was fathers that cepted, our mothers and

is the baseball (playground) Indoor for and discussion Men *HE this desert great into western M came a in modified formNational Game, be, will for 1 January Gleaners their built land. they homes When age it to adaptablethat many makes the in Obligation Home."Social "Our fitting cerededicated they with them

a areas, to playing and smallgroups, is in Men's outline found instiin The recognized them monies and M expense. and of equipmentminimum Manual, page Manual, charthe for tutions of development 46—Gleaner is diamond a played on game The. 1 outstandbe an should 6 This page life. acter the enrichment of and

bat ft, and indoor an to with35 60 interesting and lesson with ing much a nationally Jew, Recently known baseball. soft incha 12 peace as the and comfort discussion free beautiful a L. paid Lucius Soloman,

those to similar are rules very The be today needs may world the whole in pioneers, to tribute the Mormon that an except Baseballof Regulation and In the Boston in home. found said, Salt of he speaking Lake which

is used. numpitchunderhand Team people cities the other young the of many City, very dust of out "For

adplayers an ten withbers nine or call they organizing what been have this desert raised the they brave have ten. a of team short stopditional on These clubs."the to home "Back city. beautiful they and Somehow, unito a fair be bids This game evenings to are spend planning groups to the sunshine of caught have seemed

little all ages with forversal game in public shows, instead of in homes in stone the brick the and and God if played injury personal ofdanger slogan riding. car or dances, The their timbers dwellings, of have and in ability of and equal groupswith friendship will more "Less money, be therein preplanted ignoble one not

shoes heeled highsport fun."clothes—no and judice, resenrrul of not one memory

for women. will be Gleaner talk by The their tragic past."

in pitching, practice Preliminary vital in factor a happy "Cooperation It that the structure mattered not to will imhelp catchingbatting and this talk life."our In young itself home in construction crude was and

also of skill enjoyment the andprove inspiragive surely can much women in appearance. humble most The player. amateurthe most as to the imtion information and are a things about worthwhile home sebe regulations and Rules may the in of cooperation portance home it, the that into materials not but go

Athletic and Equipmentcured an from definite of comparisons group. Make spirit influence rather the the that and

Store.Sports been see have where some and homes is it. created those inhabit by who

disturbed because of lack of love and Abraham Lincoln was born and reared

Sunday Evening Joint Seswillingcidents service.which haveGivehelpedlittle homelyin makinginasthata childlog cabinin a waslittle a logwonderfulcabin, andhome,yet

sion for January happy home life. Show that the saybecause therein there lived a wonderful

is sleep to a place and ing—"Home a acquired mother son and had who Ideals Theme: Mormon/ENERAL is to applicable eat not quarrel"and ability to the appreciate underand -* Citizenship. of

real Saint the Latterday home. Show stand. beautifully Guest Edgar em- 1 Singing—America.,or girl a an have may how this woman phasizes in his thought poem, "A 2. Man. M Prayer—An influence for the in and good home Livin'."O'Heap of 3. Presentation colors—Boy a neighinfluence that help may how Scouts.

a ain't that place or gold can buy "Home or borhood community. Beau- 4. Singing—"America The set in a minute, up

tiful,"by Girls'Chorus. 'I rHE subject of the talk to be given Afore it's home, there's got to be a heap

for stand 5. Slogan: "We The it. livin'o'in at the joint the meetby Man M life constructive its there's to walls through of Within enrichment be got some for the of ing JanMen-Gleaners M babies born, then service and leisure personal use and of is the Influence of to uary "The Home there to bring 'em Right to you've up got is right.) Perfellow (This man."in Saints."Latterday Building good, and men. women preclass senior enjoy the would haps earliest the the Since of days Church, you'll as gradually, on, goes time And it. senting

a held the important has find part most wouldn't home you 6. vocal or Instrumental number ever they anything With lives in place the the of Mormon had—they've character. patriotic of some heart. into your grown It the people. of for purpose was

citizenin record 7. ward's too, highchair, things old the play "My The

ship,"by a Gleaner Girl. Material for the little shoes they wore

this talk may be gathered from the Ye hoard, and if you could, you'd keep the prints the door."on thumb record the elders ward in ward. The Pledge Men M

caring in record the in the war; ward self fearlessly to conquer and 'T'O is greater blessing that can There no in sending sick needy, for the and out -* is right, stand for what no matto of that individual'than an come righteousness, to preach missionaries

in exercising the franchise in the last ter who oppose, I will devote my being born and reared in a good home.

election, in the most recent school elecstrength. The lessons, the experiences and loving

tion, in supporting schools by taxation To keep my body clean, to speak memories acquired therein are the maand parentteacher organizations, etc. what is but fine and true, to build terials that largely go to make up our

(6 minutes.) a mind where Deity may reign, lives and character. A great American

8. Vocal or instrumental selection. I dedicate my youth. has said, "From the hearthstones,

9. "Mormon Ideals of CitizenTo honor those who gave me being, around which linger the recollections

ship,"by a member of the Senior Class. to shelter womanhood from stain, to of our mothers; from the firesides,

See Senior Manual, page 29 for sugserve my land by keeping its decrees, where our wives await us, come all the gestions. to render to my Maker what is due, purity, all the hope, and all the cour10. Closing song: "Star Spangled I consecrate what might is mine. age with which we fight the battle of

Banner,"or some other patriotic numWith Divine help, I will be an M life."As the years go by, the homes,

(Continued on page 114) ber.Benediction—A Vanguard. Man from this hour. especially of our childhood, become

112 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

to the Saints of journey with Alone >- GodGleaner Girls In faith, forsaking home and native land, ca,st lot band, the chosen thy To among build, with them, upon the Western To the necessity taught They me sod.Course of Study moods.

their fervent of prayer, and and power in, sincere created a faith prayers 20th 13 th and December we and the years three score have And come now for love abiding an Maker. and my gone, and will Abinadi VI, study ChapterC\& in faith perfect the of mission Their steadfast, thee has but proved Time VII,the Chapter Martyr, Alma and

true alway. the his the of world, Redeemer and the of Nobility, ina True Study

of thy knowledge duty nobly The done established to seek caused Church, me of the Appreciationtheme, Book "An gladness bring thee natal Must on thy I that that assurance might same in for (See Calendarof Mormon."day.

Gleaner Manual and pp. 9097.) have contentment and peace of mind

Elder George Reynolds in "The Story such as they have. Their constant Think not the lessons of thy life are vain;

of the Book of Mormon,"pp. 8288, devotion to the Cause of Truth, which Thy children honor thee with grateful

gives an interesting account of the is dearer to them than life itself, intears, ministry of Abinadi, who was one of spires me to carry on in the same And in their hearts thy faith shall live again, cause. great kindness Sympathy, and orthe prophets, of andthe greatest

Inspiring them through all the coming generosity, tolerance love charand the Christ of ofganization Church years. all acterize their their dealing with as the the Nephites, with Almaamong

years and come As thefounder. fellowmen. blessing shall bring, heaven's Thy their splendid the of example and go

ones shall be noble thy Amongsacrifice

I lives in before come memory, me place—the

Project can truly say these, my parents, are Those who on earth have served their inspiration. Lucy Grant Cannon. Heavenly King

in eternity/\N December 27th—the Project my And evening—we will take up the shall see His face.division of "My Inspiration."(See To My Mother

Gleaner Manual, p. 50.)

Clarissa A. By that our tell you happy to We are Beesley Sleep Little Mother, Sleep 8, (August 1905) the caught Presidency haveGeneral

ofspirit "Treasures gathering of Elizabeth Dodds By face, into patient thy tender, T LOOK they have of which books andTruth"

I * read that tell the lines of grief and apwell be proud.may very We little mother, so still and calm; Q'LEEP, pain,preciate their cooperation and support Of power to endure with uncomplaining Peace on your soft, white, brow;

in carrying forward the Gleaner Prograce Grief will not harm you, or cause you ject. We give here a "treasure"from What ever part the Master should orpain,

each of the books of Sister Ruth May dain; For you're with your loved ones now.

Clarissa andFox, Cannon Lucy Grant little tired Rest, mother: hands your feet has led thy by shadowed He Beesley, of the division fromA. "My And hair, tangled smoothed That my ways,Inspiration."breast, quiet folded today your on a there gleam of Are here only and With

if silent in prayer. As light;

YetMy Inspiration Andstillblessthy Hislips namecan everwho singdoes Hisall thingspraise Deax willing hands, now cold and still, 'PHE prophets of the Last Dispenright. DearThattenderhelpedsmileme thatall mycheereddays; me on

sation are and have always been In fancy I can see thee, long ago Through all my childish ways, my inspiration. From childhood to Obeying as a child the Gospel's call

the present moment I have listened to With faith unquestioning, seeking not to Gone from a world of tears and woe;

their counsels as being the very word know Gone to a home of rest of the Lord to His people. I have The wherefore of His purpose, trusting Freed from a world of pain and toil;

never heard one of them give instrucall; At home, with the loved and blessed.

tions to the members of the Church that have not been for their benefit.

Neither have I known anyone who has not been made happier by following their advice.

Thank God for the prophets of the

Latterday who are set as watchmen on the towers of Zion and blessed are the people who give heed to their warning. Ruth May Fox.

My Parents TI7HEN I reflect on my past life and * * think of those dear ones who have influenced me my parents are foremost in my mind. With Nephi I can

truly say "I was born of goodly parents."How tenderly and lovingly

they cared for me as a child. They

taught me of my Heavenly Father, a kind and loving parent to whom Icould go in prayer in all my varying Nephi Center Ward—Gleaner Girls

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 113

that every effort be made by the girls

Junior Girls willto securebe valuableone toof herthesenot onlybooks.for theIt

discussions during this winter but for

The calendar for the Junior Departin promoting the project lies in these further reference. Price 25 c. A penny

ment for December is as follows: three things: First, your enthusiastic a day for a month will more than

belief in it and in the benefits that will buy the Manual.December 6—Project—Missionaries in come from carrying it forward; second,

in preparing your your joy own "My I ForgetDecember careful asMy Story—Lest third, your book; My Family;13—ChapterMy Journeys.9—Believing Story"

December and Doing.20—Chapter 10—Believing signmentsappointed longfor eachenoughtopic.before the time My Friends

and Doing. Look ahead now for January, when (To be used in connection with the

Project, Jan. 3, 1933.)December 27—Open. the topics will be "My Friends—My

Hobbies."IJISTORY records many beautiful/\N the project night each Junior

group will have one hour and a friendships about which we all half at its disposal. Perhaps one hour Believing and Doing love to read.

delightful story of The and David consideration sufficient a forwill be text—"Divine the 9 of /CHAPTER real Jonathan shows what genuine least thirty minproject at theof and is one. important Authority,"an will friendship for people do two who recreation to devotedutes be may illustrating the are stories given Two that close relationship. have of Out features other or fun songs orgames in legal authority necessityof having all the confusion their time, of and girls introduce. thewhich may to other affairs. bring civic Try the lives, disorder their of there was project the delightful program on A this point. illustrating stories also created these for a beautwo and new carried out.can be the to follow well will Leaders do tiful filled world love peace. with and items interesting the menof One chapthe in order the given in points a as friendship this Such cannot be in "Missionaries tioned under My clearer girls a gain the ter so that may sold. bought true nor to were They p. Manual, (Junior 110)Family"in the authority before of idea than each in their other trying experiences,

is President Joseph the family of that let Especially Christ. the of Church and in trouble Jonathan when was servof years givenF. has 300 Smith does the emphasize Church what them is David's heart grieved, as was beaufield. in ice mission the the to Church its as outlined on of each members for tifully in told "I David's lament. for interesting each likewiseIt will be 41. page distressed thee for brother am my girl totoclass leader each add and fol10, Church,"Chapter "The Jonathan. pleasant Very hast thou service given all the years ofgether line the Chapter closely of along lows been to unto me; love thy was me her of membersby each the of to bring should mind 9 and wonderful, passing the love of family—grandworn- father, brothers,parents, sisters, as early the girl picture a of Church en.

title also this eachcousins. Under Apostles. the in the Acts of presented all recall can beautiful friendWe tell least at togirl prepared be should churches the briefly modern Then ships in which have formed we our relher connected with incidentone they discussed showing be should how youth. us record Let in our them field. into theatives gone have who all original the departed from have that books they to go may down

An account of "My Journeys"told pattern and, finally, the striking simifuture generations, as well as be a by each girl will also prove both inlarity between the early Church and source of joy to us in our later life.

teresting and instructive. Each one the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterThere is no other friendship so sweet

will remember some feature or event of day Saints should be pointed out. as that of a girl for a girl.

a trip that will be pleasing to the Particularly note the paragraph on "No one would care to live withothers. Let Tier write it accurately but page 44, calling attention to the out friends though he had all other

in as colorful a manner as possible. Prophet Joseph Smith and his part in good things."

Assignments for both of these topics organizing the Latterday Church. The Old friends are best. Let us preshould have been made one or two diagram given on page 46 may be serve in "My Story"the stories of

weeks previously so that the girls will enlarged upon a blackboard or large these friends before they fade from have written their stories and will come piece of paper for use in the class. our memories.

to class prepared to read them. AfterAs we proceed with the chapters in Perhaps your dearest pal has been

wards they can be copied if necessary our Manual it is evident that the best a brother or a sister. Write of some

and placed in their "My Story"books. work can be accomplished only when of your happy times together and some

See also suggestions in November Era. every girl in the group has a Manual of the pranks you played. Often

Junior leaders, your secret of success of her own. It is therefore necessary there is a close palship existing between

a father and daughter or a girl and her mother. These sweet friendships are

worthy of recording.

Friendship often ends in love. If

perchance your boy friend later becomes your sweetheart and eventually your life mate, what fun it would be to read over again the sweet little words of love exchanged in those dreamy days of youth when you first felt that exquisite joy of understanding. This would be sacred to you,

but you might let him in occasionally to remind him of his devotion of bygone days.

ship—aThen relationshipthere is thatdeeperhigherandfriendmore Pioneer Stake—Mothers and Daughters lasting than any earthly friendship

.

1 14 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

a friendship with the Lord of Hosts.

He will prove to be our truest friend. His love passeth the love of all others. BeeHive Girls

We will meet our other friends on a higher plane through our friendship BeeHive Calendar Different colored yarn may also be with God. threaded through the center; decorate

as desired. We may go to Him with our joys December 6th: Nymphs—Guides XIand our sorrows, our successes and our XV—Xmas Programs*. Xmas Cards: failures, our business and our pleasure Builders—Guide VII—Seek KnowlXmas cards for BeeHive friends

and He will help us, and will never edge. using their symbols with an expression

us. forsake play shows us false or He love of and cheer Gatherers—Guide VII—Sterilizing make lovely Xmas

gifts to daily His friendship His Cabby gauze: Home Emergency gifts. suitable conventional Many

us, by His mercy, His kindness, and inet (Foundation Cell No. 6). designs for cards or handkerchiefs are His constant care. December 13th: Nymphs—Guides found in your hand book.

for "Love and keep Programs (ConHim Him thy XIXV—Xmas Nymphs Contest: will Friend, tinued). away, all go who, when

is for a five The contest the nymphs thee, not forsake nor suffer by VIII—Planned thee to Builders—Guide talk on, minute learned I have "What Girls. perish at last."A. Kempis. BeeKeeper and Thomas

class."the this to Call Nymphs'the in your books Write Guide VIII -—- Open in thoughts Gatherers—

the attention the girls to of often, this friendship, higher Night. have onyou

to jot the remind things them down this 20th: withand what God communion Nymphs—Guides learn they to use from to week week it for willhas you, done Programs (Conand what DecemberXIXV—Xmas as talk. in this material (In September. in lives the those of accomplish tinued) who

Era, the p. 691, word "paper"should this cultivate will friendship. Builders—Guide IX—The Word "5 read talk.") minute leaders use the foreJunior might of Wisdom (Foundation).

going article to make special assignGatherers—Guide IX—The Life of

girls, getting to to thements the Bee them is Always Room for stories different friendtheirbring of 27th: December (Cell No.Nymphs—Guides9). Thereships in the class. XIXV—Xmas Programs (ConOne (More

the stakes, exoutlying many of TN Builders—tinued). Guide X—Safeguard

cursions are often the arranged by Health.

Genealogical Society to spend a day GleanersM MenGatherers—Guide X—Diet. at are the temple. excursions These Continued from

often automobile. page old 111 by made The Suggestions: Xmas

is saying, for always "There one room practical, reasonable, lovely and A sacred in for memories; them we will the more,"BeeKeepers remind little gift is sisters friends for a or realize our passed mothers the through little that a planning cooperby and is sweater which from two madevalley the of us; in for them, shadow ation the Society Genealogical with cloths are dish crocheted sold which at her knee,and learned great those we fill girls their cells to able be would at stores cent the (small 15 10 and truths lights been have which beacon reads 34, times which Number "Ten size, size 5c, large for each) 5c two to us the years. through down for be the baptized dead,"Cell and cloths sweater, for each one Use two is a beautiful institution, The home ten a hours on Temple work 63—*"Do front; for for back one shape andsacred in 'influence an memory, and (this include Record"gathering may seams. shoulder underarm Close andthat to tends lives sweeter, our make. genealogical data) BeeKeepers make a slanting seams, under seam arm on finer, better.and and planis with genealogical your comthe better shoulder giving form. Cut is demonstration activity or The "A mittee Girls the of and BeeHive many 3 inches front center for or 4 down Party."Home fill in locality able will to your be the for the head. an opening Turn class activity will committee The cells. these It patience, takes faith and flaps. corners for Crochet backhave in had to one which have month effort to the accomplish worthwhile sleeves the botaround neck and and this party.planned suggestions Some life. things in color desired. with yarn any tom in be the the found back ofmay ComActivitymunity Manual. evening An VII, *Guidesconsisting of a singing group home of the Bee be taken upsongs, suitable life will VII,later.—8IX forpt. Nymphs The Lessons for games home

with simple prizes, stories of home, and By Victoria Rosband inexpensive refreshments, perhaps cake (A Builder in the Hive, Age 14) and punch, candy, homemade girls (\Hbringing cake and candy and boys MaylittleI beeeachondaybusydo wingmy partfurnishing punch—this will make a To put into life the lessons

very successful party. Every Gleaner You've made de'ar to each girl's heart.

Girl and M Man in the ward should

Of faith and knowledge you have your invited.be

"IWlgJsVtfrshare As shown in your work each day.

To Autumn MayWith I sunshine,safeguard workmy healthand play.as you do

By Lavenia B. Honley The glories of womanhood we honor,

leaves and golden moon, If 1OLDENZ As the queen of your hive you treasure, the in things, beauty we see common -* Purple aster bloom. and downs help to 'Twill a pleasure. make work

Naked trees and dripping night,

Silent woods when birds take flight; In your life you found truth a value

All the shades of sorrow and bliss. To me it's a priceless aim.

Of life, and death, are in thy kiss You taught me the sweetness of service,Autumn. Bee Hive Girls—Uintah Stake And to feel joy will be my gain.

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 115

definite plan is made for the use of the Tepee when it is completed. WithVanguards out this objective the subject will unquestionably prove unattractive. On

Suggestions for Vanguard serves which are encouraged by the the other hand with a definite plan

Leaders serverfree servecomesof up.the first ball each time a forfor carryingusing theforwardTepee eitherthe troopas a activplace

is It coaches, that suggested and ities as a or a part of camping summer should bePREPARATION as carerules well, the made players study this subject program, will undoubtedly immediately for district counand in fully order they that be thormight the interest of hold Vanguards.

cil Vanball finals. heretofore As familiar them. with oughly If "Civics,""Aviation""Physand

the finalsannounced, Vanball for the willentire Church in February, be held The Class Study Period beenical Development"covered it is suggestedlessons havethat Jannot theprobably Definite second week. to the bring be used uary schedule up are leaders to urged T/'ANGUARDdates will be in the announced January to the unless date leader or Vanguard give as lesson regular outis It workEra. suggested that where proper the decided have committee Vanguard

lined the in Trail the of Vanguard Logarrangements can that be council made lessons other for order of some upon its the place in properfinals program. as The be held feature a of Scout Boy class the to follow.

activities attractive the of programAnniversary the with week Church is agriculture to studied be Where as athletics, Vanball, Archery, suchfinals the following. to In week order it far in should be taken up enough

etc., to permitted overshould be not thisbring District the finals about to advance of planting the season

regular the the of period study shadowshould later held be not the than enable are Vanguards, to follow who program.middle January. of lessons the in to through, plans make

successful most Vanguard The Reports districts the various from time. lessons other ample which The classes those are a in stated time which theof indicate that Church Vanball in regular follow order folbe may

is allotted lesson for the regular is thisparticipation work fully year double as local given varied lowed or to conthe give activity to used with program that aof year interest over ago with ditions the of exception with however, spice to variety the program. and addrapidly increasing.

is the espeof study weather which the of January For study Tepee training Vanball schools been have cially use for the during recommended is suggested. If subjects other making inheld a districts the of the of number for of reasons March. month The for previous provided have months others carried will forChurch and be this will obvious. be

will covered, been Tepee promaking the season.ward during In necessary of the any adjustment

if vide activity interesting an some the Leaders Vanguard have Ward lessons, order of account should be responsibility of conducting Ward athletics taken of track) meets, and finals selecting the repreto and team for planned the April. of This month

sent in the the District Stake and Ward feature has to the proven be one of finals. District Vanguard The Comattractive in the most proVanguard

ismissioner's responsibility conducting gram.

the Stake and District tournament Well in advance of April, it is sugwhich will produce the winning Stake gested that all Vanguard leaders familteam to go to the Council Finals. The iarize themselves with the story of the

Scout Executives will organize for the Olympic games as published in"the purpose of conducting a Council Final Vanguard Log and then to present the will producewhich to represent a team in the the Council grand Church subjectpossible into thethe mostmembersattractiveof the mannerclass.

Finals. will bring eight This teams true ideals of sportsmanship, The

finals, into the one of from each the the love living of clean and honorable seven organized councils within the competition are the objectives of this and oneChurch from the Church at suggestion. are in developed an They

large outside areas. organized council of in the the story of excellent way

Olympic Games and it might be well

Suggestions for Vanball also to begin your story with the

Coaches beenOlympicdone.Oath if this has not already

INTENSIVE work in team drill should be in full swing at the earliest Retold Story possible date. Vanball teams are not

made over night; it requires constant CTORY telling is being featured this

practice to develop effective teamwork season in Vanguard work. In the

as well as individual ability. Coaches Recreation Institutes, which have been

should stress particularly and endeavor held in many parts of the Church, to develop "passing,""serving,"story telling has been featured in the "jumping"and "killing,"these are the Vanguard department with splendid important elements of the play. A results.

considerable part of all practice periods In this issue of the Improvement should be devoted to "passing"pracEra, will be found a page devoted to tice. Without good "passing"there the preparation for story telling. This

can be no good teamwork. "Serving"material had been printed at the inshould also be practiced religiously as stance of the Vanguard committee

it is just as important to develop good especially for Vanguards, although it servers as it is to develop good pitchers may be used by Junior Girls or other in baseball. Constant drilling should departments of the M. I. A. who are

also be carried forward for defense Bridger Monument erected by Vanalso interested in this work.

work, particularly defense against swift guards, Bear River Stake It is suggested that Vanguard lead116 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

ers read this information carefully and carry it to their class members for the excellent training it will provide. Boy Scouts

It is hoped that this year will see a marked increase in this important Fathers and Sons Outing a tive games such as handball, indoor activity in the Vanguard department. baseball, horseshoe pitching, racing,

It is again suggested that all VanSuccess and swimming, the final event being a familiarize coaches leaders and weiner roast guard and marshmallow on the the 21st and August 20th r\N the rules covering with themselves river. the of bank fathers the sons of Portland and there telling in that order might story o'clock 10 day the next At at: Sunday their held outing annual the conBranch misunderstanding be when no services School held the in the the under were C. beau- A. Camp, Y. M. arrives. test period

tiful Clayton Park, on the Sandy supervision of the Aaronic Priesthood,

Time Now to Prepare for River,Saturday20 milesafternooneast ofandPortland.evening the aboutA good85 peopletime beingwas enjoyedpresent. by all

Archery fathers and sons engaged in competipresent.

'I *HE next Church Champions in

Archery are either in training right now or will be very shortly. Good

Archery comes as a result of constant practice.

In the Log of the Vanguard Trail are records of outstanding Archers printed for the purpose of giving Vanguards a standard with which to compete. Coaches can, with profit, discuss

these scores with their Archers with the purpose in view of encouraging them to aim at these records. Under this

plan each Archer sets his own standards and can carry forward his practice even though he be alone.

The Utah State records for the various rounds which are printed in the

Vanguard Log are printed herewith as standards with which Vanguards may Fathers'and Sons'Outing—Portland Branch, Northwestern States Mission

compete:

American Round 548 Deane Greene—1931Double American Round 1045 INDEX TO ADVERTISERS

1 931 Advertisers in The Improvement Era may be depended upon. Deane Greene—

York Round 363 Patronize them.

Company Page Charles Pace—1932

Hereford Round 582 Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back Cover

Bennett Glass Co & Paint 117

1 University Shirley Peterson—1932 Brigham Young 23

Junior American Round 575 Continental Oil Co 119 Alton Larson—1931 Deseret News Press 126

Double Jr. American Round 1145 Excelsis Co. 122 Alton Larson—1931 Grant, Heber J. &> Co 127

Clout Shoot (Juniors) 266 Hotel Temple Square 125

Alton Larson—1931 Knight Fuel Co 1 2

Flight Shoot (Juniors) 306 L. D. S. Business College 118

Mitchell Beauty Shoppe 126 Maurice Scanlon—1 931

- Co. Pembroke 117

Quish School of Beauty Culture 1 24

DOOKS are the best of things, well SaltStandardLake Brands,KnittingInc.Co 127127

used; abused, among the worst. Skaggs, O. P. 125

What is the right use? What is the Utah Coal Producers Association 122

one end which all means go to effect? Utah Oil Refining Co Inside Front Cover

They are for nothing but to inspire. Utah Gas 8 Coke Co: 120

I had better never see a book than to Utah Power 8 Light Co 124 be warped by its attraction clean out Utah Beet Sugar Co 123 of my own orbit, and made a satellite Utah State National Bank, Inside Front Cover ". 119instead of a system. The one thing in Z. C. M. I

—Emerson.the world, of value, is the active soul."

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 117

YearsContinuedpagefrom73$ The Next One Hundred sympathy should not be difficult to have done, the love of beauty?

achieve. In fact, it seems apparent Why should we not have morethat it is spreading among us very and better writers, artists, musiChristmas

rapidly. cians, scholars, and creative intelFurthermore, our effective lects in general? Why cannot we,

handling of ourselves as a Mormon as a Mormon society, lead out in society Sduring the next hundred the stupendous task of eradicating years will hinge to a large extent poverty, crime, and other social upon the statement of aims. It is diseases? Why should we not perof Unarm

an interesting sociological phefeet ourselves in practice, as we bepeople that havenomenon to be lieVe we should in theory? ana told where are going. they Moreover, they have to be told again plNALLY, our efficiency as a

and again. Their aims have to be A Mormon group is going to be JsLstlnctLon

rephrased every so often in order conditioned somewhat by our con is feel for ease. It to at them well cept of Selection constitutes what "Zion."Make Your

illustrated in warfare. the of One earlier provincialism Our growing first all things must we know NOW! of is out our peculiar location, and are for, fightingwhat we whether

it is "to make the world safe for our social situation with respect to democracy,"or "to end war,"or other people, led us in practice to "to preserve the Union."regard "Zion"first as Salt Lake PRICES ARE As one surveys Mormon hisValley and later as Utah. Today, tory, one is impressed by the fact that provincialism is breaking VERY REASONABLE

that the early church had a domidown and we are gradually getting THIS YEAR nant objective towards which it the world view of Mormonism.

moved with unusual unanimity. For (after all, this Church is a EMBROK&S

That objective was "to build catholic church. With its mem24 East Broadway,

Zion. bership spread throughout the Salt Lake City, Utah

world, it no longer can be conIX/'E today, are not polarized sidered as a regional organization, around that objective with It is actually international in its the same literal and unanimous spread; as it is universal in its

devotion that characterized them, concept of human relations. WithSelf-Polishing

So ardently did they espouse this out this enlarged concept, we canproject that not knit they did hesitate together not for cooperative idea in new—the the physicalto endure vast social pain hardeffort, complex and orfloor waxship, to is or ganization subordinate that themselves the Mormon it on—leave it aloneas individuals in order that this Church. We must now become Just wipe

objective might be gained. worldminded. and it shines with a beautiful lustre

It may seem presumptive to do If we adopt as our continuing it, but I should like to nominate slogan through the coming years,this same slogan as one to guide the building of Zion, we shall have BENNETT'S presentday Mormon youth. Build- a purpose lofty enough to satisfy

ing Zion can be thought of in its the idealist and concrete enough to SELFPOLISHING original sense of fashioning a comcommand the loyalty of the realist, munity so perfect that even the The achievement of the goal inSavior could dwell in it. Could volves the recognition of our Floor Wax

we devote ourselves to any nobler changed economic and social outConvenient and Inexpensive task than that of building the finest look, the development of techFor Sale By finestcommunities, civilithe and niques of group discussion and of SCHRAMMJOHNSONzation generally that can we concooperation, the recognition of the STORES DRUGceive? Not only does this seem to worldwide spread of the Church, in Salt Lake,be an exalted aim; but socially one and the diffusion throughout our Ogden, Provo

that is capable of at least approxsocial group of a spirit of tolerance, or imate realization. Without tolerance we are in danger Your Neighborhood Store

What is there to prevent us from of disintegrating into factions and or life?perfecting our feuds dissipation with resultant community of BENNETT GLASS & is there our energies. for our not WithWhat reason tolerance we

spreading enlightenment throughcan mobilize our infinite powers PAINT CO.

out our entire population? Why towards the realization of our 6165 West First South

cannot we develop more than we adopted purpose.

118 The Improvement Era for December 1932

4iOur Farmer Continuedpagefrom79

As the woman stood in her doorknew the land would win in the from one of them or from her little way for the last time, knowing end by taking their wornout brother or sister at home stimuthe record of the barren valley, she bodies back to it. lated her with joy. But when

! To fill incould not but curse the immutable He was winning, but his slow there were no letters—

solitude. victory seemed hollow because her days she played a little game of

In one way alone could the land Martha was not winning with guessing how many letters and cirbe conquered, and that way Hal him, she was not meeting the imculars they would receive each was using. That was the way the passive land impassably. She convisit. It was a game which grew

few were using who were still in tinued to live the life of the city to be vitally important to her trythe dry farming section of the valin her mind. Life is slow on a dry ing to content herself there with

live learn farm; to she must slowly. Hal. ley, and were winning—meeting the to slowness mellow She must silence, silence To relieve the long loneliness, crop failure with

with a laugh, and bounteous harand strength of the deep earth. she planned new dishes for their

vest the same way, even though all He hoped books would reduce the meals, fixed new little curtains resistance of her mind by diverting from flour sacks for the windows.

it. Books and time, he felt, would She learned to milk the cows, and

do this for her if she would not take care of the chickens. She

fight against it. He would surprise read the big catalogues from the

NEXT YEAR'S her!with himAndbyhethevisionedstove duringher seatedthe maillittle inexpensiveorder houses,attractionsand orderedfor the

long winter evenings reading to house. As money was scarce, the

OPPORTUNITIES each other. thingscheap; shea colorfulpurchasedpair wereof duckvery-

salt shaped shakers, and and pepper rarely Homers IHE a figured roll of bright paper, wall the nearest one she applied to the which bedroom except on away, will go to those who sawbeingtheirtwoneighbors,miles field. in the while Just Hal was attended church they Sundays when

to spice little things the to add are preparing now house. rural school in the little A her and keep from husband

its line telephone webbed way house

There will be good office positions along roads and across fields, tying thinking she was discontented. Oh,

she then was trying! when And open year, next through the families scattered of the some naup

signs it began of winter to show tural process of replacing those It intimate group. into a more

are married who isolated the used was by and promoted—in women sheclothes.began Theorderingenthusiasmvery smallwith addition to the expected increase of isolated to talk other to women.

employment because of returning It made the silence and loneliness which she worked on the little prosperity. more bearable when they could things, and made over old things

of her to gave her own, new heart or twice chat other once each with only those But have specialwho the shortened husband, long and chickens, a day, housework, about will ized training be chosen. Young her. for days

people who are not now employed children and husbands, and other or in school can prepare for these work on the farm. The Homers

opportunities in L. D. S. Business did not have a telephone, but Har- M.ARTHA stood in

College. We concentrate on pracold promised to have one put in as the doorway and watched a gentle

tical business subjects. Our Emsoon as they could afford it. At wind wave the grain which stood

ployment Department enjoys the first Martha did not care about confidence of leading business having it as she didn't know many firms. Stenographic, Secretarial, of the neighbors, and didn't think

Accounting and Business Adminishe would have anything to talk stration courses. about with the farmers'wives.

Later she longed for the time when she would have this means to break the loneliness and monotony.

delivery Mail made three was Brighamsfield, from a week LD. S. times

the small railroad town which served as the valley trading center. BUSINESS The scattered families looked forward from mail day to mail day.

and charted time by the mailman's COLLEGE visits. To Martha his visits were /RANT H. REDFORD is liv-

-* in ing Utah, he where Logan, expectancy prefaced poignant by SALT LAKE CITY is business, in writhaving engaged until he arrived. which grew The

is ing avocation. as attemptan He letters, circuadvertising even and details for Write today complete idealize the to ing to farm and

of subjects, rates and Placement lars were greeted with joy, and glorify Brighamsfield, a mythical

Service. No obligation. read avidly. Martha's friends in community.

letter college wrote occasionally—a

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 119

heavyheaded waiting for the harHe sat watching Martha. In the (t<lH<><

vest. Down at the other end of soft glow of the kerosene lamp, andthe field she could see the combine the large shadows which it threw r Ask Forharvester, like a great animal crawlon the wall, as she cleared the after- 1

ing through the grain cutting off supper dishes, she looked beautiful,the heads of the wheat. On the more so than when he had married BIG

undulations of the wind she could her. With things so homey inside

hear the chewing of its great jaws, and the heralding winterwind on and see the chaff and dust amble the out, his mind turned to poetry HARVESTERoff through the sky. As she stood for the first time in several months;

there, a blue haze softening the outand he quoted: OVERALLS J

of delight varicoloredline of mountains, the "She was a phantom first she gleamed the singing and grain swayingand When upon my 89c 69c j by her yard, she wondered she sight; For Men For Boys

hadn't known how beautiful a dry A lovely apparition, sent i farm could be. Maybe she was To be a life long ornament."Big Harvester Overalls in 2.20

beginning to feel the deep underwater treated blue denim and currents, which reflected through As his rich voice died out and express stripe are now offered S her eyes the beauty of it all! And lost itself in the night, Martha to you at a money saving price.

as she dazed off in thought, she came and kissed him tenderly. A quality material, design and c

will that please every silly great big workmanship are a haranother of soonwas thinking "You boy—a Sizes j for children man and boy. I sillyvest, as a great happiboy. had foryou thought and wonder

ness welled up within her. She gotten all the poetry you knew from two, and for men who wear j

would learn to love that land, for out here."up to size fortytwo.

Hal and for their little—boy! Sensitive to a fault his mind During the summer she had asked what she meant. "Dearest, Ask Your Dealer to Show

learned to hook up the team and you make the poetry of this place You the new Big Harvester go into town alone, if Hal were really mean something. You Overalls at Saving Pricestoo busy to go with her. She you—"and his impotent words

learned to do the buying for the could only say, "You are wonderMade in Salt Lake City by farm and house. She learned ful!"Z. C. M. I. Clothing Factory

matters,shrewdness and of December was in money month The "Keep Home Folks at Work"j a little left white covered Bleak way.sometimes her under from had

purchases which she saved, planthe entire valley. The tops of

ning to help pay for a Christmas fences and tall sagebrush extended present above the snow like cat tracks on

The year had been favorable to a huge white bed spread. Feeble

their crops, and that fall they had roads wandered down roadways had the phone put in. With what marked by willow branches stuck

childish delight Martha called one in the snow. Houses and windof her friends. She hugged her mills scattered over the fields, lookhusband, and danced around the ed lonesome and forlorn. The

room over the creaking floor boards house and buildings of the Homers like a happy child. Hal was thinkrose up like black square frogs in

ing that her happiness was worth flower bowls of white, as they fifty phones, but wouldn't she be stood above the drifts which the surprised when the books came! wind had bowled around them.

He could hardly wait until DecemBut now the storm was over.

ber! in the barn HarCuts Down Wear He wanted her to be happy, but vJUT

wasn't sure she was really learning old was harnessing up the team.

for into town He was going taketo feel the place, her hapand their During Starting things; those whichpiness doing. it as he from was As Christmas

he watched her;move about their hadn't already been ordered

houses. the mailorder Thelittle fixed through she,which home, had --'Saves gasoline white. sun clear fields were The let cozily,so himself he almost

hope she was really happy. Could and warm in contrast to the crispit be that she was doing this beair, turned the snow to a white and Oil

cause she promised to try? Or was robe studded with crystal jewels.

she really learning to be contented Before he left he took Martha and happy there with him? for a ride to bring Mrs. Gilbert, who was to stay with Martha while he was in town. The CONOCO

peculiar complaining long evenings crunching of and 1HE GERM PROCESSED to settle the inwinter were beginning of the runners on snow sang the valley. The harvest rush was an accompaniment to their hearts. PARAFFIN BASE

over, and Hal let himself relax in Tomorrow would be Christmas the comfort of his isolated home. and they were both eager with MOTOR OIL

120 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

expectancy for the other's pleasure she have some would good. S the first film of day books A: to read.and surprise. they should when And

the divide to began mountains another. He hoped I have "Everything is so beautiful, harvest—sent the sky, a baby up its from be a boy! it wouldwish I were going to town with the kitchen tenseness cry the into of

you,"she said, and Hal kissed her, As he turned the corner to go and Mrs. Elton sighed in relief.

"But it is better not."up to the station, someone called Hal, nervous and disheveled, wept,

He gave her a quick searching out, "Howrya'Hal? Some storm, not knowing why.

glance. eh?"

the hitch doctor helped up He boisterous answered with He I'll all right, be be- "Oh, and is all his team. right "Everything greeting his a of arm. and wavesides will Gilbert Mrs. here."be lad. see wife, in she and your Go a for here in you "Have box tender, so She patient so was present has for a Christmas you."as asked the into he he me?"wentwith him, seemed and conmore presChristmas! Christmas A station. expresstented. sure she almost was He ent! almost forgotten had He thing. for "Sure you, and One spirit getting thewas the of wide all the day. about seemed Time too. for wife one your Someexpanses, and be would happy up. mixed it?"wasn't stormthere especially with him; when Gilbert Mrs. Elton "Mrs. and

Harold signed for willthe doctorstay andwashelpsaying.you forAndawhile,"just

the boxes and took them to the as the crisp sunrays first shattered

the for right, but one Martha tor, tired drove but pleased, home

It him. iwas CHRISTMAS puzzledsleigh. His was the books all their lances on the snow, the docsome from to eat his dinner Christmas with

manufacturing company back East. family.

All the shipping tag said was someWhen Harold went into the GIFTS thing about merchandise and then house Martha was asking for him.

below that, "Instructions for AsNervous and filled with reverent

Inside."into the of he went wonder room

as the firstborn. THAT ENDURE semblingIt took pale Martha, him 'longer to get the his

things he needed than he expected, pillow on which she lay, smiled

Give a practical gift this so it was late when he arrived weakly and indicated a small face expec- a red of lying hushed home. bundle with on A sense year for Christmas—someit's the "Hal, house. tancy hovered over arm. Mrs. her weary a man

thing that will be permaElton, another neighbor, met him to help you plow."And she

nent and long rememberat the door. "Hurry with the smiled triumphantly through tears.

say or need chores to Mr. Homer. knowing what Not may We ed. Electrolux—the Natresting as kissed do, he knelt her you later. Martha is and now

ural Gas refrigerator is. the and it is better not to disturb her."she were sacred. He stared at theif

ideal gift. Silent—ecoTremors of chill and then fever baby and then at her. And then

excitehis cover as if to wordless raced wildly up his back. He felt nomical to operate—no pressed giggled her ment, hand. and something he should do something, repair or service costs—important, but he didn't know "Did a box come for me, Hal?

these are only a few of the what. He tried to speak. But just Open it and bring what you find

features that make Electhen Mrs. Gilbert came out of the in it, in, will you?"

trolux the popular autobedroom and told him he had betHe went out and she could hear ter wait until at least the doctor him prying open a box. Then she

matic refrigerator today. came. heard him cry "Oh!"in a surprised

Some of the chores were left voice and call Mrs. Gilbert and

We are also featuring undone. The rest were done with Mrs. Elton to see "what his wonexceptional values for a mad intensity, until the doctor derful wife had bought for Christcame. When he came Hal could mas!"She heard him opening

Christmas on new Natural no longer stay at the barn. He did more boxes and rattling paper.

Gas Ranges. Our liberal put up the doctor's team, however, Then she heard him say, "Close!"

time payment plan makes and then raced into the house. The your eyes Marty. I'm coming in

gift giving easy. Your repacked.doctor was"Ohgettingdoctor,somearethingsyou sureunWhat"Eyesprideopen!"was inhe hiswhispered.voice

!"But the doctor only smiled Mrs. Gilbert and Mrs. Elton frigerator or range may be—

selected now with pay- a quiet smile and patted him on the stood in the doorway excited as ments to begin after inshoulder. children. Hal flushed and radiant,

Mrs. Gilbert brought some hot stood behind a baby carriage which

stallation. water and she and the doctor went was filled with books and other

into the bedroom. things for their Christmas. Martha,

UTAH GAS & COKE CO. Mrs. Gilbert and Dr. Jones had tired but happy, tears of joy and

WASATCH GAS CO. hamsfieldtogether seenvalleymanybreatheof theirthe Brigfirst. paleappreciationcheeks lookedstreamingup throughdown herthe

OGDEN GAS CO. And had held the hands of many uncertain blurr and, half laughing

as they crossed the line into the and half crying, said, "You great shadows. big silly boy—the carriage isn't for

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 121 you—it's for the baby, our new Gilbert, proud as a hen with a

Farmer!"newly hatched brood, pushed him

"Our Farmer!"she had said, into the kitchen. "Don't youand then he knew! She wanted to know that a Farmer and his mother IT WILL PAY

stay here! But at this point Mrs. must sleep, Hal?"

Continued from YOU[Joseph F. Merrillpage 77

Merrill Dr. the love Director of the Engineering of home Utah To Burn I N Station is at Experiment the Unichildren strong. very and His

many and exacting duties require versity of Utah and at the same his frequent absence from home, time Professor of Physics andparticularly since his call to the Electrical Engineering. Thus jn Knight

apostleship; but whenever he is not addition to his important execuobliged to be away on duty he is tive work he carried a full teaching Spring

at home, for that is the abiding load.

place of his affections and the center If we were called upon to makeof his interest. an analysis of Dr. Merrill's fitness Canyon

In 1928 he was made Commisfor his place among the general ausioner of Education for the Church thorities of the Church, which is Coal and vigorously set to work to adan exalted and responsible calling, minister the duties of this important we would at least accent the quality calling. and steadfastness of his faith. He

It is interesting to note that Josis a man of great intellectual power, eph F. Merrill was the man who of unusual scientific training, with

had the vision to see the possibilities a wide contact with philosophers, of our present Seminary work. scientists and thinkers.

When he was taken into the Granite Always with an open mind and

Stake presidency twentytwo years an honest heart he has sought after realms the truth, exploring of interested in theago, he became reLong Burning Clean ligion, science, philosophy and andreligious education of the students of Granite High School and as a through it all nothing has dimmed and Hot result of his initiative this work was or disturbed his faith in the gospel introduced in that district. of Jesus Christ. Never has he

He has lived to see more than wavered in his allegiance to the Orone hundred seminaries established Church. No one has ever questionin connection with the leading high ed his faith or his orthodoxy. His

schools of this intermountain coununderstanding of religion, like his Royal try. It seemed particularly approunderstanding of science or mathepriate be matics, that he should and happy is profound and fundamenCoal tal.selected to give direction to this

great movement, to plan its promoThe currents of his life run deep tion and to prescribe its course. This and strong and quiet. Clear in his

is a movement of farreaching and thinking, broad in his sympathies, deep significance. tolerant in his views, unassuming, Royal Coal

Dr. Merrill is a natural leader approachable, sincere and genuine, Hot 'n CJean i,!*r

and legislator. He makes up his he has in happy combination all the

mind definitely and acts promptly. major qualifications for a leader

At the same time he has a large and among this people and a place in the Utah's Purest Coal statesmanlike view and has been Apostleship of the Church.

instrumental in securing some imThese Coals Maintain, portant legislative measures. He Clean, Cheery Warm Homes

wrote the bill establishing the State The Oppressor at Lowest Cost.

School of Mines at the University all the considered returned FRIEND and opASK GOOD YOUR alsoof Utah. instrumental He was SOpressionsI are the that sun; under done DEALER COAL THE the establishingin Utah

as tears the Experiand, behold, such were of ment Station including the departoppressed, and they had no comforter.

ment of Mines and Metallurgical Knight Fuel Co*

Research. His leadership and co- "He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth

operative work in this direction But hehisthat,Maker;honoreth him hath mercy on Royal Coal Co*

have been worth millions of dollars the poor.

to this state. General Offices 8th Floor

He is and always has been a 'Rob not the poor, because he is poor, Newhouse Bldg.

vigilant and tirelessworker. Neithergate; oppress the afflicted in the Salt Lake City, Utah

their cause, the plead Lord will For the time he E. ADAMS, was made Com- A T despoil LEONARD despoil that life those of And General Sales Agent missioner of Education he was them."Dean of the Engineering School and—The Bible.

122 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

Continued from Bills page 85 Christmas GIVE WORK Bruce looked at him thoughtvisitor lowered the gun saying, Each ton of Remember this:

Utah coal displaced in Salt fully and after a moment the other "Sure."And Bruce knew he was

Lake City deprives some man went on nervously, "I'm not telling the truth. This man wasn't

thief. I've never thought a professional thief. He could no Utah man of ONE DAY'S really a

life until sooner have reached for his gun WORK. of stealing a thing in my

When a coal truck delivers about two hours ago. than this man could have disapits load to your bins, you have "I was listening in on the radio pointed six pairs of eager eyes. He

contributed to the relief of and sort of wondering if it was all reached in his pocket, drew out six unemployment to the extent worthwhile and some old feller beone hundred dollar bills and handton that—each

the OF LABOR resultedONE MANfrom knowgan readingwho hesomewaspoetry.or whoI wrotedon't edmakethema prettyto him.good Christmas."'This should

stuff but I knew suddenly that He shook his head, tears in his FOR ONE DAY either a the miner, a railroad man, a reit might have been written by my eyes, "Gee, I couldn't take all of tail distributor or an emown little girl. I knew too that that."

ployee of some allied indusSanta Claus wasn't going to dis- "Why not? If you're not

try. appoint her if I had to take a working you'll need something to

In 1929, Utah produced chance on jail to get him there. tide you over a little while."

5,100,000 tons of coal, givSo, here I am.""Well, there is a Santa Claus.

Bruce, startled, But just to prove that I'm not i n g 5,100,000 DAYS "Well—"began

then hesitated and said rather really bad you give me your name WORK FOR UTAH COAL

MINERS; railroad men of slowly, coldly, "Don't bother exand address and I'll pay every cent

Utah, Idaho, Washington, plaining. Take what you want of this back. I don't know when,

Oregon, Montana, Nevada and get out."but I will."

and California; and emThe man went to turn back to "Don't blubber. I don't want

ployees of allied industries. the safe but instead, began talking it back, I'll just figure it in with

Perhaps you had not appreagain, "You see I haven't just one the rest of my Christmas expenses.

ciated this phase of your heatlittle girl. There are six kids at Now beat it and a Merry Christing problem. Think it over. home who think I am "The finest mas!

In 1931, Utah produced but man of all,"as that poem said. Bruce gave a start a few mo-

3,300,000 tons of coal. You don't understand; you're just ments later and turned from the

Understand, any substantial a kid yourself, but the one who window where he was standing as decrease in the use of coal is wrote that poem understood and Ruth came into the room.

reflected in the DECREASthe one who read it. I'm honestly "Why all the stargazing?"she

ED EARNINGS OF EMsorry to break in on you this way queried.

PLOYEES of coalcarrying and sorrier to have you catch me. "Well, among other things,

railroads, who may be workSay the word and I'll get out."there was a star in that story of ing hundreds of miles away Bruce smiled, "My arms are the first Christmas—if I remember

from the mines but whose getting tired so you'll correctly,"he retorted paychecks are provided out have to go pretty quick, with a short, forced of freight earnings derived but there isn't any laugh.

largely from the transportamoney in that safe "Gee, Bruce, you tion of coal. In many of If you'll let me look like you've

our towns, this phase brings get my hand been crying,"idle time at the coal mines to my pock she accused close to home. et I'll give him.

you some, Who? Me?

Utah Goal Producers Assn. though."On a night

Much to like this?

h i s surWhat a prise his laugh."

Your Opportunity i EXCEL-CIS SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE 221223 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah The most efficient teachers Latest equipment, and every convenience for the advancement of students.

25% Reduction on Tuition Commissions paid on work after the fourth month Centers in 45 States Fill in Coupon, for further information

Name

Address

'Cs<v 'uJ*

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 123 4\Tke Oldest Christmas Tree On EarthContinuedpagefrom83

Christmas Tree that the Yuletide ing Redwood of the northern Calfew gigantea groves in the State visitors who gather about its masifornia coastline, the Sequoia contains but six individual trees!

sive base are, in comparison, like gigantea, while not attaining the tiny ants. Its greatest measureprodigious heights common to the HpHE true ages of the Nation's

feet Redwood, has a far greater girth Yuletide evergreen may never ment is its height—266.6 above its mean base. The Nathan the latter. More years are be known—at least, not while this

tion's Christmas Tree converses accredited the standing specimens, glorious tree remains standing. It

only with God and with the winds too, and the trees are not cut for is only when a Sequoia has been that sough and whisper through its lumbering as are the Sequoia semfelled or when it has been uphigh broken crown. pervirens. The Sequoia gigantea rooted by the elements and thrown

The Tree which has been so appear in scattered areas in the prostrate on the forest floor that signally honored by a Nation is higher mountain reaches of the the rings of a crosssection may be 1 06 feet in circumference. Its Sierra only. The smallest of the counted and from these its exact

greatest base diameter is slightly over 40 feet. It is beautifully

straight and symmetrical in its measurements and proportions. ENROLL

TOWERING upward into the skies the massive column of its for the trunk shows but little tapering to the eye. Actually, less than five Winter

indiscernible the almost feet mark difference tapering beQuarter indiametric tween measurements of 50 feet and 200 feet upward along its great at cinnamoncolored, corrugated trunk, the diameter at a height of YOUR CHURCH 50 feet being 17.3 feet, while that

at 200 feet is 12.4 feet. UNIVERSITY

The largest branch makes its Registration January 2, 1933 appearance a little over 165 feet Leadership Week, January 23 to 27 above the mean base. Even the

diameter of this branch is greater For information write of diameterthan the trunk tree full dignity. of lesser many a BRIGHAM YOUNGProvo, Utah UNIVERSITY grown

Allowing for the swollen flare "The Friendly School"where the branch emerges horizontally from the trunk, the diameter of this branch is 4.9 feet.

The top of the Nation's Christmas Tree is broken, its crown probably taken as toll by the wintry blasts of forgotten storms.

Lightning has wrought its destrucGUjriatmaH tion in Sierran forests, the crowns I of practically all of the older generations having Sequoias of disapattu tlip?itfltuauH tops arepeared. very brittle. Their

Nature has a difficult time in pumping the sap and lifegiving moisture For the Best Puddings, Pies, Cakes from the ground to the lofty and Candies crowns swaying to aerial music two and three hundred feet in the Use air. This resultant brittleness

renders the crowns easy prey to the first vagrant wind that flies.

The Big Trees of the high Beet Sugar Sierra, botanically known as the Utah

Sequoia gigantea, or Giant Sequoia, There is None Better i are found nowhere on earth except in a few isolated patches in CaliFlavor With Sugar and You Flavor With Health fornia. Of the same genus as the

Sequoia sempervirens, or everliv- 124 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

years computed. However, enough a melody of exceptional haunting

crosssections from representative loveliness. Improvising, without

fallen Sequoias have been magnified even thinking of his improvision

Electrical andinsuretheira fairlyannualaccuraterings countedguess insoto asto athesongancientwithtreeswords,all abouthe playedand far as the probable age of the to their lengthening shadows.

General Grant Tree is concerned. When he had finished, someone in

little the greatest had gathered of group who all Christmas attracted around Cadman earth is a by his in itself. Gifts TreesThison sermon

Years have been as mere days in its playing, exclaimed: "What a pity

deathless span of life. Solitude it that such melody is not a real song

ARE LONG knows,ship of otherand theancientquietSequoiascompanionwho with words!"then began to analyze weathered survived the and temADMAN the to form and rhythm and times pestuous the earth when was

the range. his surprise he To it in Silence the making. has REMEMBERED and test

if the that possessed found melody the sighing of sound wind murja be words song it would someitself. older history than Good judgment suggests murings his already what like famous "At It has shelter to countless been

this year that you give myriads of birds and has listened Dawning."

It his that happened spellbound to their for songs without practical summers a t something little in audience the included wood laid their number. have Snows Christmas time... someGrace Osborn Wharton; a comfleecy its blankets for base about

thing beautiful, yet poswinters beyond reckoning. poser and songwriter of note. Cadman appealed to her to write

sessing utility for the enThe annual Yuletide ritual in the songpoem for his melody then tire family. General Grant National Park has and there. She agreed, and disbecome, since its inception, one of appeared deeper into the forest,

alone, taking pencil her with and A visit to Our store will thethe West.most cherishedIt was CharlesceremoniesE. Leein pad. she In returned an hour with

convince you that Elecwho originally gave the idea to the two verses complete. Thus was

the born song, Gift For "My trical gifts are most approStatecemberand25,to the1925,Nation.his planOn ofDe-a written You,"of America's by one

for the enChristmas Tree priate and least expensive. living greatest living incomposers and

a reality tire Nation became and spired the oldest living thing by

Drop into our store and the General Grant Tree was chosen on earth, the General Grant Tree, dedicated as the Nation's and a Sequoia. choose from the many useall for time to Christmas Tree On each Christmas Day since

ful appliances bn display. come. then the song has been sung during

The first Christmas ceremony in the festal ceremony beneath the

General Grant National Park boughs of the Nation's Christmas proved so inspiring and so imTree and the same little folding pressive to the first few who came organ on which the music was participate to witness in the and composed sends the melody of "My ritual rethat Utah Power 8 unique it has been sounding through Gift For You"aisles the great of Light Co* enactedDay for theeachbenefityear andon inspirationChristmas Sequoianthe cathedrallikeforest in the stands which of the thousands who now anNation's Christmas Tree, the oldEfficient Public Service nually make it their Yuletide est Yuletide Tree on the face of mecca. the earth!

*P *F m> m has been improvised TV/TUSIC liked you broadcast the program and TF BE INDEPENDENT the Nation's composed under the over Columbia network on SunVocation So Profitable! No Other have Christmas Tree and words day, the 27, November by A. M. I. ENROLL NOW the melodies. written to of sure York, then be write and New Course at the been For a Complete

America's renowned composer, your radio station and tell them so.

will be doing bit for the Charles your You Wakefield each Cadman, of Culture BeautyQuish School officials Church. declare York New little carries his folding summer in the The Best West that the program probably the had aisles forest to the organ through 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson largest audience any program Mormon the General Tree. dusk Grant At CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH has ever had. it the he in plays of heart the upon Information Further For

forest oldest earth, improvising on Call Catalog and 7560 01 Wasatch melodies that soul of 'I VHE advertisement of Temple the very have

ently of from the November number Fill Couponin This theseIt isgreatsaid treesthat inonetheirlate notes.afternoon Square Hotel was omitted inadvertin Era. If The Improvement you are

while the great composer was playSalt Lake City during the holidays, ing his folding organ under the you will find a homelike atmosphere

General Grant Tree he struck upon there.

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 125

Surprisepage 89$ The Civil War a Continued from "A Thunderbolt fell with Omparties in the North protesting in the North would control the nipotent ring against coercion, and upholding the elements of sectional hatred and

And opened the fountain of right of the Southern States to bloodthirsty fanaticism; and that

Providence Spring."secede and peaceably withdraw there would be really 'no war.'

from the Union, Jefferson Davis "And here the ingenuous reader

Death of Many Souls says: may very naturally ask, What beLfOR four years, and a little over, show"Thesethat theextractspeoplewillof theserveSouthto cameit that,of allin thisthefeeling?course ofHowa wasfew

this awful conflict darkened were not without grounds for weeks, it had disappeared like a and desolated the land. The solcherishing the hope, to which they morning mist? Where was the

diers on both sides were so fondly clung, that the separhost of men who had declared that "True to the best of their blood ation would, indeed, be as peacean army marching to invade the and their birth: able in fact as it was, on their part, Southern States should first pass

over their conservative that the purpose; descended to the in like heroes And

in still existing question had feeling patriotic and of death."harvest deadarisen—nobodies? changeNo new

To his enemies who thirsted for his blood, the Prophet Joseph Smith said: "I prophesy in the

name of the Lord that you shall witness scenes of blood and sorrow HOLIDAY SEASON satisfaction. entire to your Your No matter how big your Christmas or holiday party may perfectly satiated shall be souls

with blood, and many of you who be our stores are fully prepared to take care of all your are now present shall have an opportunity to face the cannon's wants and at a very great saving in price. Our stores have

mouth from sources you think not always prided themselves in saving substantial amounts for of."The great and terrible destrucour customers on the best foods, but now, more than ever is summed to life and property tion in his before, the savings are more pronounced, and right at the H. Stephens Alexander byup

book, A Constitutional View of time that most of us appreciate it the most.

the hate War Between the States, pages 629 and 630. He says:

"Thus ended this greatest of modthe greatest, in 4yysiGcsSTORES ern wars—if not

some respects, 'known in the hisrace.'of the tory human ffA Surety of Purity'

loss entire on both sides, "The including those who were permanently disabled, as well as those killed in battle and who died from received and diseases wounds conSalt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel amounted, the service, in tracted according to Mr. Greeley's estimate,

which is more likely to be under than over the mark, to the "stupendous aggregate of 'One Million HOTEL of Men!'The like aggregate of expenditure of money on both TEMPLE

sides, including the loss and sacrifice of property, could not have been less than Eight Thousand SQUARE

Millions of dollars! In concluding 200 Rooms each with

our review, may we not well ask, Tile Bath as the dying soldier did in the first great battle on the Plains of MaRates nassas: 'What was all this for?'$1.50 to $4.00

Strange Phenomenon Radio Connections for

Every Room A FTER quoting from the New

York Tribune, New York Opposite Great Mormon Temple

Herald, and Northern contempoERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

raries; from speeches of distinguished speakers of both political <

126 The Improvement Era for December, 1932

the attitude occupied by the secedhim from heaven"whence did the receive his ing States—no cause for controProphet Joseph Smith

versy not already existing when prophetic gift except from God? MITCHELL these utterances were made. And The Prophet did not speak preBeauty Shops pressedyet the weresentimentsso entirelywhichswepttheyawayexsumptuously.name of the Lord,He predicted,the Civil inWar.the

Building at Arts Medical Located fulfilled. prophecy was The tide of reckless the fury which by 10316 Phone Was the "Surely Lord God will do impelled afterward armed an soon 8553 Hy. Phone Sugar House

Eccles Building, Ogden, Phone 1760 invasion of the South, that (with nothing but he revealeth his secret are offering the readers of the Era a few praiseworthy but powerless to his servants the prophets."

SPECIAL FOR XMAS exceptions) scarcely a vestige of (Amos 3:7.) The Lord revealed

$5.00 Luxurious Permanent Wave for $3.75 them was left. Not only were they unto the Latterday prophet his

Or a $3.50 Oil Duart for $2.50 obliterated, but seemingly forgotpurposes concerning this nation,

ten. I leave to others to offer, if and not this nation only but of

All Permanents Include Two Shampoos they can, an explanation of this other nations as well.

and Two Finger Waves strange phenomenon."Rise and Under the influence of the Spirit

Fall of the Confederate Governwhich will show "things to come"ment, Vol. 1, page 257. the Prophet Joseph read the future

?fe> as he read the day in which he

Future as the Past lived. Under divine inspiration

the future appeared to him as did explanation is that the Civil the past. God gave him the truth THEWar was the thing that the to build on and he was a faithful

Lord had spoken. Known only witness. The sound of his Master's

to Him was the coming of that message was "Mighty on his lips."TREASURES great struggle. If "a man can reOf a truth he was a "man sent

ceive nothing except it be given from God."

KX/sJgVsi OF Continued from Donner and Blitzen 82 page all, but it furry, or in velvet as the hunters TRUTH does not bother him at does keep his nose from getting cut say.

Covers that will last Dn the ice, from cracking in the cold Donner, Blitzen and Comet are and maybe actually freezing as he going to like it down here where a lifetime! digs for his scanty living. they already prefer our alfalfa to

To add to his comfort, he is reindeer moss. They are getting

given in addition to the straight fat and they are very gentle too.

coarse hair of other deer, a lovely I expect that sometimes they wonblanket of fur beneath his regular der why the children are so much Gleaners! coat, so if these reindeer look a more interested in them than they

are in deer, other for I suspect that little rougher, not so and smooth Keep your record in a beauthey never have it is the heard story of bedeer, silky as the other tifully embossed supercause of this added protection from the reindeer team. They do not

finished cover built for the cold. know that when small boys and

girls look at them, they are also seepermanency. First class 'THERE is one other way that ing a Christmas tree, a row of

material only goes into reindeer differ from most of Christmas stockings, and a small sleigh eight reindeer, it drawn reinby their the family, for is only these covers. Two styles with a funny, fat old like flying the just deer has that horns doe man

to choose from. bucks. These horns perhaps are up to the roof.

necessary to protect their young up $1.25 there where life is hard and where

rate, is scarce. any food At the Winter until long all have mothers themTHE after the bucks have lost theirs, in By Blanche Kendall McKey

fierce, that the order wolves hunry men exclaim TYRANT! TMMORTAL eseret News destroy not their * and bears may passions roll when my

babies before they ate big enough But no man has ever glimpsed the chaos<D <Press ***>*. to run for their lives. And down of my soul

29 Richards Street the middle of the head of a reinNor known the frozen agonies that bring

Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah deer, reaching to his nostrils, one The bluebell and the meadowlark -.. of

branch of the antler spreads to Spring; \f \

help balance the weight of the great vaunts when And gay Summer of old deer. the horns branching

all long, singing day her...charm, their babies three have only The lilts melted she that remembers..; my Who

first set of horns and they are still teardrops'song?

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 127

Silver Lining

.Continued from page 94 TEMPLE BRAND

After the basket was all finished it was wrapped in the cellophane, and it made a pretty gift. This is the recipe for the candied GARMENTSmanufactured for the

KNITTING STORE LAKE SALTfruit; the same recipe does for all quality superior Of and workmanship1 fruit. ofkinds ordering competition. from us When And sold at prices defying

Boil the peeling until tender, scrape off remember We Pay Postage all p'art, the white in a syrup and cook LADIES FOR FOR 664 Men's Heavy No. Fill to sugar.of part AllMENWool, New water parts one two

703 Flat.79 Style only 3.75 $ Weave fairly fruit well orthe the syrup with 719 Ribbed 1.00 Light Weight 610 1.00 Light Ribbed Wt

all stir itpeeling, the is cooking, time and 1.25 Fine 792 Quality Cotton 1.25 602 Quality Fine Extra

Silk 769 614 and 1.25 Wool Med. Quality Ex. Wt. separate the is all pyrup takenwhen up

Silk 711 Stripe Med. Silk 661 1.95 Med. Cotton Wt. Wool and CottonWt Med. Wt. 1.651.25the fruit peeling or and waxed on dry Quality 1.00 749 Cotton Fine 663 Cotton.. Heavy Med. Unbleached

paper. For the apples, which need no 762 NonRun Rayon 1.00 664 Med. Heavy Wt. Cotton 1.251.50

717 1.65 Rayon DeChine Crepe 680 1.95 Extra Heavy beforeboiling in the syrup, being cooked

735 Cotton Light Ribbed 85 Weight 601 1.00 Med. Weight Only NewUnbleached color desired flavor the toadd any or 720 Fine Quality 1.49 6111 NonRun Rayon 2.95 Heavy Weight Wool 50%Style

syrup. are they they After should cooked Garments Request, Silk, Upon 15c for Cotton; 25c

three days, tobe allowed for or dry two Extra for Charge Sizes over 46 Marked20% to specify not fail they then shouldand or Style Old be rolled in powDo New or also and state if long Man Woman, sleeve, or short short or legs long are wanted.if for accurate Give Bust Measurement, candies.dered sugar or tiny

Height and Weight. Samples Sent Request. Upon

K.NO WING how SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE

much most small boys enjoy a good 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

noise, the girls planned a typical iiii iiiw iiiiiw i i ii w i i i nun i immi Mum sMMMniMrrf

Christmas for Dick. They made

him a set of toy drums from an oatmeal carton and a five pound marshmallow can. Removing the When REAL MISFORTUNE

bottom from each of them, they stretched and tied into place oiled Hits You paper over the two ends of the carton and oiled chamois skin over It Is Good To Have the ends of the can. The sticks

were pieces of wood which they had INSURANCE smoothed and polished with sandpaper. They completed their musInsurance that really insures is the only kind we write.

ical suggestions with a homemade thexylophone. they For frame UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. oldsalvaged some from some wood J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utahfurniture and painted it green. In HEBER

each of the two horizontal crosspieces they carved a row of semicircular notches, into which they fitted bottles. These, being filled

with various amounts of water, made a complete scale of two octaves. Baked MONDAY Not the least of their Christmas r

preparations a toys, was box of still fresh FRID A Yi eat things toclothing and good for they arrangedwhich a family, V/N actual tests, cakes made with Royal Baking less fortunate than their own.

As they put the finishing touches Powder have stayed deliriously fresh and tender to their own decorations, Signe exfor five days. It's the Cream of

claimed with a little gasp of delight, Tartar in Royal that accounts for "Well, our handsome hero, St. such exceptional keeping qualities

Nick, ought to be pleased with this by insuring a close, even texture.effect! It's the loveliest ever—

"Oh let's call Mom and Dad,"Use Royal when you bake and be said Eline, "I'm so glad they let us sure of cakes that stay fresh fix things up all by ourselves!"longer.

entered their parents As the room At your grocerswith looks of happy astonishment, the glad cadence of the Christmas carolers was heard just outside thewindow as they sang "Holy Royal baking powder

Night."->&eJ&L teugA"h/ OUR POETRY AGAIN HESUBSCRIBED WITHOUT BEING ASKED

INCIDENTALLY, I am much interested in the poetry TNCLOSED please find $2.00 P. O. order for another year

section of the Era. It lends color to that excellent * of the Era. I read and enjoy it. The cover picture for

ripple is of the water, can hear the and the April sentiment in with the keenly publication. harmony I was wonderful—I

bittersweet; brings memories issue). I sigh the breeze at eveningtime of 'Sunset'(October in Roberts expressed by Paul

is the grounds, temple next picture cover October hope he'll come again."best—the

* * sore at the scrap book Era; Respectfully, buildings. * I'm people and

R. K. Edmunds, M. D. is my hobby. I cut out the big shots aid put them in my

writwonderful so in and many Men book—Greatness

story get to good one to valuable are too lose—but scrapings—they

is too getting I scrap boks pages. take to too have many My IN EAST RECEPTION GETS POET UTAH * * * read. to time of I live large. the on desert—lots

letter, long all time. Excuse interesting the getting more Era poetess Salt a Lake youthful LUND, CHRISTIE MISS here."object time no in frequently Imappeared The -have whose works Arizona. Stallings, J. Mesa, Heber substantial check of a the beauty is enjoying Era, provement

for a fourteen line bit of verse which will appear soon in one of the leading nationally circulated magazines for women. B. HORG, Eureka, Utah, writes: "Fire and Song'and

all."D Apostle Ballard's testimony should be read by

UTAH BOY SELLS IN THE EAST are happy to report that Bryce W. Anderson, GrantsWE ville, Utah, reports a sale to an eastern magazine. TNCIDENTALLY,"SUNSET AND OURwritesPOETRYDr. P. APPRECIATEDK. Edmunds, of Los

It was a short story. Mr. Anderson had a poem in the * Angeles, "I am much interested in the poetry section of the

October number of The Improvement Era. Era. It lends color to that excellent publication. I was keenly

i i i in'Sunset'harmony(Octoberwith issue)the sentiment. I hopeexpressedhe'll comebyagain."Paul RobertsSo do we.in

FROM PHOENIX COMES A BOUQUET i i i

GREATLY enjoyed 'Fire and Song.'There was a HERE'S A NOTE WE LIKE

a tune played heartstrings, and that touched I story my if has E enjoy the Era very much; it is our favorite magazine, thrilled. anybody that I wonder hurt and on them

told you of the vast improvement in our magazine? If not, and read from cover to cover."it is time.... lately, I have been reading The Improvement W Mrs. Melvin S. Atkinson. Ogden.

Era from cover to cover, and enjoying it. i i i Sincerely,

True B. Harmsen."NOVEMBER COVER PLEASES

November Era has not arrived yet,"writes Alberta MYHuish Christenson from Flushing, New York, "but I

HAS BOOK WRITER STORY NEW UTAH as it gold surely cover the Noseen and have beautiful,—as * * * as dusk. as marshland afternoons, and vember is warm Tracker,"of author Back "The C. ROBERTSON, FRANK I 'Woa, a ride of load with your hay vicarious a on took last in Era Improvement appeared story a which The the ride I load! hay to to love used on Woa'. Hawses, How is fall. It a this western a out spring, book has new to I'd love childhood; second getting into be must Think my thirty about makes This Grabber."Trouble thriller—"The smelling, it sweet the into right down do again,—burrowI for Robertson. books

also! stuff."we, Wouldn't dusty

INTRODUCING A FEW OF OUR POETS DO like poetry. I like poetry which tells a beautiful story

praise, I sings picture or a joyous or of glorious paints or is a of daughter former CANNON ROSANNAH MISS I integrity. apidealism, truth aloft the of and banner holds J. lives in Salt City. editor, She Lake Cannon, Hugh

life the in as during guide the preciate one Era having had my splendid Hale poems. Mrs. Woolsey written Mary has many

I later of motherhood. of girlhood, and years of womanhood, It's is Rockies."in the "Waltz Spring of author Time "When * *.* it household. of a ever our that be member hope may resides also poems. She other songs and Recipe,"and many issue—'The the in October the story to I did mention want lives, in Weiser, Bess Foster City. Smith in Salt Mrs. Lake

Beautiful, Miracle'. gripping!"lived she east Rockies, has the but of born She Idaho. was

Cross, Utah. E. Virginia Kirkham, Woods of years. an compiled anthology in a of She Idaho number

Alberta the press in 1931. from came verse which Idaho Huish i i i

reared but in Provo, Christensen and was born now resides with her husband and children in Flushing, New York. She THE 1932 SLOGAN

story with which short is one and fine poems of author many the into several versions slogan crept of error last year. Falk prize Jack an Era Improvement she won is one: the correct Era. This Improvement reTHROUGHthe November

writes that Jolla,, he much, than California, other sides in La in little is a missionary Berry Lee about him. we know WE STAND FOR ENRICHMENT OF Argentina. Camille C. it in or is America, Brazil, South Nuffer is a young writer from Preston, Idaho, and Rose LIFE THROUGH CONSTRUCTIVE USE

told, recently are Liechty, Miss resides in Provo. we Liechty is a OF LEISURE AND PERSONAL SERVICE jN. Nordgren one. Weston or added changed her name reporter on the staff of the Deseret News. TO FELLOW MAN.

The Improvement Era Scholarships and Awards To be Given to Winners in Public Speaking, Poetry, Short Short Stories, and Archery

II? | B. Y. U. Scholarship \ J The Improvement Era—

r $70.00SEVENTY DOLLARS-$70.00

M MEN AND GLEANER GIRLS f In order to stimulate high class work in the Speech Contest for 1932- % 33, The Improvement Era is offering to the two winners in the Church p x finals at the June, 1933 contest a Scholarship to Brigham Young Univer- I $| sity worth seventy dollars, entitling the holder to a full year's tuition. See I|

% the M. I. A. Handbook Supplement for the rules of the contest. 't

i i

For College Students For Poets The Improvement Era is offerIn addition to the regular puring prizes of $25.00; $15.00; and

chase price for poetry, The Imregular rates for all other stories provement Era, at the close of the available for use in the magazine, present volume, will pay a prize to college students actually now of $10.00 to the person whose registered in college as freshman,

poem is adjudged the best of the sophomore, junior, senior, or gradvolume, and $5.00 to the person uate students. The stories are to

whose poem receives second place. be from 1200 to 1600 words in

There are no rules except that, of length, must be typewritten on course, no poetry is to be submitted one side of the paper only, and for publication other than original must bear a postmark dated on or poems which have never before before February 15, 1933. The

been in print. At the close of stories are to be read first by memthe volume judges will select the bers of the English department of

winning poems from all which the particular college in which the have appeared. This offer is made student is registered, and only five

in the hope that additional interest of the best stories so submitted in the creation of poetry may be are to be sent to The Improvement stimulated. Era from any one college or university.

For Vanguards To the Registered Vanguard making the best allequipment (must be made by contestant) 30 points;

around record in archery at the June Conference, best performance in target shoot, 30 points; best

1933, the Improvement Era will present the fine performance in clout shoot, 20 points; best performhorse-hair bridle pictured on this page. In the judgance in flight shoot, 20 points. The bridle will be

ing points will be scored as follows: Best archery awarded immediately following the contest finals.

THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY -PREPARE NOW!

U*!

A HAPPY BENEFICIAL CHRISTMAS

Dear Grandpa was wise—for each year in his prime

Paid for insurance, so he could some day recline.

Now life is a joy—keeps him bright in his mind

His Beneficial check replaces that old daily grind.

Daddy's not with us, but we love him a lot

For adopting the method that grandfather taught.

"Mums"and 1 happy too—can carry on today

'Cause Father had a contract when he passed away.

No other savingsinvestment plan functions so surely and adequately for the benefit and pro- / I \ tection of the entire family as does life insurance—the one method that guarantees a definite

amount of money at an indefinite time in the future. A savings fund if you live, an estate that

will carry on in your place should you be called beyond. Now don't hold the idea that all life

Beneficial rates lower with return find policies are insurance identical—absolutely

obtain not—you'llis the place you one values higher because THE BIG HOME COMPANY

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

HEBER A. W. IVINS,J. GRANT,1st VicePresidentPresident E. T. RALPHS GEO.A. B. J.C. CANNON.OHLSON, 2NDSECRETARYVICE PRESIDENT

JOS. F. SMITH General Manager DAVIDB. F. GRANTO. MCKAY P*