For a PROFITABLE and ENJOYABLE summer

ATTEND BYU

SUMMER SCHOOL

Gain a full summer of studySPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES

FOR YOU AT BYU with all the BYU advantages

Youth Clinic, June 1526 Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.Genealogy Clinic, Aug. 3-8

Early Summer Extension, June 1-13 Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

Late Summer Extension, Aug. 24—Sept. 5 fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Modern Dance Workshop, June 1-13 Culture—Summerlong series of concerts brings the finest artists

Summer Music Clinic, July 27—Aug. 8 of music, drama and dance to the BYU campus.

Children's Arts and Crafts, June 22—July 10 Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics, and the

High School Publications Wokshop, nearby scenic Wasatch Mountains provide recreational outlets.

Aug. 1014 The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of a lifetime.

for ElementaryWorkshop School Principals, Leadership—Opportunity for participation in student government Supervisors, June 1519

helps develop leadership qualities.

Athletic Clinic for Boys, June 1-12

Advancement OpportunitiesMany in finish college students nowEducation Week, June 8-11 less than four years by taking advantage School. of Summer

Planning for Indian Leaders, Aug. 2729 Teachers will find many special helps for certification and outEconomic Workshop standing workshops and clinics for advancement.

Management Conference, June 1-5 Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern campus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

CLIP AND MAIL REMEMBER THESE DATES:

TO: Director of Summer School

- Jufy 17 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah ''"J"B

Please send me free of charge your Summer School Catalog. 2ttQ IBMi——JUl)f 20 - A 1/0, 21

ADDRESS Brigham Young UNIVERSITY I am especially interested in: PROVOUTAH

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

REVERBERATION TIME STUDIED

Recent studies have been made of the acoustic reverberation time of some

English cathedrals. Reverberation

time is the time required for a sound to decrease to onemillionth of the intensity at the time the sound source was stopped, such as a pistol shot. It is thus a measure of the

persistence of the sound. The cathedrals at Canterbury, Bristol, Durham

and Salisbury, York Minster and the

Chapel of King's College, Cambridge are in Gothic style with a large volume of about a million cubic feet GUIDE TO A HAPPY with essentially hard nonabsorbing glass.surfaces of stone The and by Mark E. Petersen to MARRIAGE times varyreverberation from 5

$2.95 Elder Petersen's liberal use of real life case illustrations provide helpful direction and insight for young people contemplating marriage. Expert counsel is given relating to

such matters as—the dangers of early teenage dating,

problems of early marriage, the importance of sharing mutual interests, completing one's education before marriage, facing health problems, the significance of personality problems, sex, and family attitudes, and family finance.

8 seconds at 60 cycles a second to 4 to 5 at 2000 cycles a second. St.

Paul's, London, has a volume ofabout 5 million cubic feet which tteseretCOM P AN Y Book when empty has a reverberation 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

time of IIV2 seconds up to 500 cycles SALT LAKE CITY 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN filled withper second, which when

SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

to drops congregationmaximum % 777 as long. The modern Coventry

cathedral was specially designed and treated to give it a similar long reverberation time as the other cathedrals. Use coupon on full page Deseret Book advertisement

to purchase this outstanding book by mail!

MARCH 1964 145 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for March 1964 Volume 67, Number 3

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "Because Our Redeemer Lives,"

President David O. McKay.... 156 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: "Baptism before the Coming of Our Savior in the Flesh,"Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

President Joseph Fielding Smith...158 159162163Art: Art:Dale F.KilbournAnthony Smith

164165 Art: Ted Nagata

The Church Moves On, 150; Melchizedek Priesthood, 212; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 214.

CHURCH IN THE ORIENT 166 to 193

are L. Green, Managing by DoyleSpecial Features photosAllEditor,color photos and all black and white except the following:

The Church in the Orient, Gordon B. Hinckley 168,166 Bottom,169, 171BoyartCourtesy Northern Far

Presidents of the Missions in the Orient 154 173EastBottom,Mission174 Top (2), 176 Top,

Prologue 166 Far191 EastBottomMission(2) Courtesy Southern

Japan 168 192193Photos: Art:ElderNormanHinckleyPriceby Walter Z.

China 172 LillianElders Andersen and Carr by Deseret

Korea 179 ElderNews Quealy by Lorrin Wiggins,

Colored Pictures of the Orient 177, 178, 184, 185 C.I.S.

The Philippines 186 215216 Art:Art: DougVirginiaJohnsonSargent

Epilogue 190 All other art and photos: Ralph Reynolds

Colored Map: The Church in the Orient 192193 Studio

Beware... be aware of Labels, Margaret P. Childs 194

How Effective Are the Questions You Ask? Ernest Eberhard, Jr 160

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 164

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans... 198, 204, 210, 219

The Forces at Work while We Sleep, Ruth C. Ikerman 211

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 145; These Times: Government and the Individual 1964; G. Homer Durham, 148; Letters and Reports, 152.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

As Changeable as a Spring Day 216

That's What Grandmother Always Said, Eva Evans 220

The Era of Youth 225 THE COVER

The Last Word 240 PhotographsTaiwan, HongtakenKong,in andJapan,the Korea,

Philippines by Managing Editor

Doyle L. Green make up our cover

Stories, Pbetry for this special issue on the Church in the Orient. Top photo shows four young

What Man Is This? Hazel M. Thomson 162 JapaneseKuniomi, members,Sakuma Fujiko,KomatsubaraNarita Fujio

Poetry 154, 196, 198, 202, 206, 209, 211, 220, 224 Left,and Matsuicenter: KazueMissionariesdancingholdin aa park.street

meeting in Seoul, Korea. Left, bottom:

One of the first families to join the the Church in the Philippines, Brother

Bruno P. Andrade and wife Gadofreda,

Larry, grandchildren and Maria, and

Mirasol,The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah theirEvangeline,son and daughterin-law Benito and Cynthia.

Right, center: Brother Hu Wei I of

the Editors; Editor; presidency Taipei of Evans, the Associate Josephson, Managing L. O. North Green, RichardDavid and Managing Doyle Marba Zobell, Albert

Associates; Editorial Higgins, McKayEditor;Research B. Larsen, FlorenceC Carter Pinnock, Aklene Editor; FamilyEditor; Donna Todays D. Hanks,Jr., visits MarionL. his Branch, a Taiwan, park with

Editor; Direction: Associate Editor; Art Era Era Youth E.ElaineGrant,L. Youth Studio.The The Cannon, Reynolds Ralph of of their wife, Nei and daughters Hsu Yu

S.G. B. Harris, Nibley, Sidney Editors. A. Gardiner, Frankltn Contributing Sperry, Hugh Alma Durham, Homer Li, Li, Li. Hsin Jai Ying and

S. AssociateG. General General Smith, Manager; Carlos Jr.,Florence Jacobsen, Jr., F. A. Manager; Subscription Scott, Business Verl Snarr, Manager; Glen Right, Brother bottom: Kat Hing NgDirector; Director. Advertising Evans, Thayer family of in the and Tsun Branch Wan

in family prayer. kneel Kong HongCopyright Inc., published Funds, 1964 Associations by the Mutual by Mutual and Improvement of The Church

Sister are price, Laireserved. Subscription in year, subscriptions, $3.00 a advance; multiple $8.25; $5.75; 3 years, Pang 2 years, Har each ofsucceedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday$2,50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe They Ng

price.three year Ling, and children Yip Yip Lung,

at Office, Salt the Post City,Entered matter. as secondclass mailing for at special rate of Acceptance Utah Lake for provided postage in 1103, act section Ping, Tim, Shek Tim, Yip Kam

of October authorized 1918. 2, 1917, July Tim, Tim. Hoi and Ming

is for unsolicited not responsible Improvement contributions. Era for at of manuscripts butThe are welcomes paid the rate Manuscripts on acceptance 2c

a sufficient return. delivery and word be accompanied by must postage and

1 full in color Lithographed is CoverThirty for slip required of days address. please change ordering recent include address issue change, of the a a Address magazine. from Whenfor

changes is unless cannot old the address as as the included. well noticebe one made Press Deseret new by News

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PLEASURABLE PURPOSEFUL PROFITABLE READING FROM DESERET BOOK 2. AND THEY SHALL TEACH THEIR

CHILDREN by Reed H. Bradford

Using his professional knowledge together with his testimony as a Latterday Saint, Dr. Bradford has written a

book that will be both a guide and an inspiration to parents.

$3.50 3. TEACHING WITH NEW TECHNIQUES

by Charles R. Hobbs

If you wish to teach dynamically and effectively—then

read this book. Contains experiencetested suggestions that

are easy to follow, and dramatically successful in operation!

For every library! $3.75

4. THE OUTLAW OF NAVAHO

MOUNTAIN by Albert R. Lyman

A swashbuckling adventure story that throbs with life...

recreating the unforgettable career of a remarkable Indian named Old Posey. A novel to be enjoyed by the whole

family. $2.95

5. THE FALLACY by Alvin R. Dyer

An interesting analysis and comparison of the doctrines of two churches—The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints and the Reorganized Church. Elder Dyer, an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, brings scholarship and

extensive knowledge to this masterly study. $3.95

6. HERE STAND I-LOOKING by s. miwonh Young

Elder Young has drawn on his wide experience of life, the

Church, and his friendship with many choice Latterday

Saints, as the source of inspiration for this slim volume of delicate and personal verse. $1.25

7. LATTERDAY PROPHETS AND THE

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, Vol. II

by Roy W. Doxey

An amazing and enlightening book that is a worthy successor to the very popular Vol. I. Elder Doxey is Associate Professor of Religion and Chairman of the Department of

Undergraduate Studies in the College of Religious Instruction at Brigham Young University. Fascinating insight into

latterday prophecy. $3.95

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple,

Salt Lake City, Utah I would like to receive book(s) number for which I enclose (check, cash, money order) the full cost $ -!tteoeretCOM P AN Y Book

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND COTTONWOOD MALL Name SALT CITY LAKE

2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Address

777 SO. MAIN CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE,

City Zone State Residents of Utah add 3Vfc% sales tax.

Add 15c for postage if you order "Guide To A Happy Marriage."

dignity, comfort and beauty—

plus the privacy of individual seating

With traditional dignity and beauty, and the modern convenience and comfort of coilspring seats, these chairs are ideal for your house of worship or auditorium. Maximum

privacy is inherent in the individual styling of each unit, and the EzyLift seats provide ample passageway.

Luxurious HeywoodWakefield seating is available in a wide variety of aisle ends, beautiful colors, and fine fabrics. Write today

for free catalog.

Government and the Individual 1964 JL> HEYWOODTHESE WAKEFIELDl By Dr. G. Homer Durham IIw TIMES

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH.

The Republicans will meet in San fore the curtain rose. These private

Francisco; the Democrats, in Atlanpolitical hosts, embryo governments,

tic City. The two national convenface many tasks. But essentially the

tions will nominate. The hunt for task, if a convention has 1,200 deledelegates is now on. It will continue gates, is to get 601 of them to vote

until both conventions have done for the chosen candidate.

their work. The quadrennial pageant When the conventions adjourn,

is a gigantic play in three acts. The Act II begins. American politics now

curtain rose on Act I when Governor dispenses with the lowering and raisfor the repubconvention and the postconvention FREE OFFER Rockefellerwould be a candidate(R, NY) announced he ing of the curtain between the pre- 3 Big Sheets lican nomination for President. Later campaign. Television has seen to

that. efAriz.) the preconvention Even

as forts of the convention GIFT WRAP PAPER SenatorannouncedBarryhis Goldwatercandidacy, (R,as well winners blend with 10 coupons from for reelection to the US Senate. Act into Act II. Nevertheless, Act II is

KITCHEN CHARM I's scenes will include the various real. It begins with the decision of

Presidential primaries, the effort to nomination. It ends, also on televiNAPKINS make and dominate the news, sion, with the announcement of the

See details on whether by press, radio, or TV, and unofficial tabulated results on elecevery package! by organized effort to round up deletion night. This announcement is

At stores gates. Act I follows many prologues. accompanied by the tragedy of con-

$? everywhere! It will proceed without intermission cession on the part of the loser and

Your best buy! and will end with the conventions. the triumphant acknowledgment of

Act I constitutes the preconvention victory by the winner. Everyone

campaign. It is expensive. It is thereafter goes to bed, or nearly

hard work, involving a variety of poeveryone. Then Act III begins.

litical armies. The best organization Act III is quiet. Sometimes the

does not always win the preconven- action is opaque, at best barely vistion campaign. But a candidate is ible. Exceptions occur when the

helpless without his private, political news media, usually by Thanksgivarmy, whose commanders and field ing, begin to announce new Cabinet forces were organized as cadres beappointees and White House staff

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA imonstrate how membership in the LDS5

Books Club is the only effective way to build a church library

YOUR CHOICE... +T

READER

FOR THE TEACHER

members—if the winner is a new,ut in"T'"

President. Otherwise, the general

invisibility of Act III continues under a secondterm President, the scenes lighting up occasionally with JiiflrnioiiM LEADERS a change or two. Act III varies in its SPeAK

nature, therefore, more than its predecessors. For a newly elected

President, Act III is a critical, busy time. From the veterans of his preconvention political army, tested by

the postconvention period, and THE REFINER'S FIRE others of his choice, he must choose By Alvin R. Dyer $2.9b

the White House staff and the prin- A LOOK AT MORMONISM SEARCHING WITH SUCCESS READER FOR THE TEACHER ciple officers of government. There By Benjamin Alward $1.95 By Archibald F. Bennett $2.95 From the Instructor $3.95

is a tendency for a winner to surMISSIONARY STUDY GUIDE SUCCESSFUL LEADERSHIP OUR LEADERS SPEAK round himself in the White House, By J. V. Cook & J. C.Rich $2.95 Compiled at BYU $3.50 Compiled at BYU $2.95

as Mr. Kennedy did in 1961, with

workers who began their labor durCHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE CHOICE BOOKS:

Brass 4. 1. to the Future Sounding Key Prophecy,ing prologue, the the kept and who

$3.50 B. Nibley $3.95 Crowther Hugh by by Duane II. I Acts during runningshow and

Prophet The Martyred 5. 2. They Harvest Day the The Law of The to are the they genOften unknown $3.25 A. Sill $3.50 Smith Henry Sterling W. by by

eral public. other Cabinet The and Smith of Joseph 6. Prophecies 3. The FaithWorks

leading officers of government, on by Mark E. Petersen $3.50 bv Duane S. Crowther $3.95

the other hand, generally include figures who are somewhat wellknown, toat least of the public. segments Inc Club, Books

10, UTAH SALT LAKE CITY 1188 SOUTH MAIN LDSP. O. BOX 400 III ends day. on inauguration Act

After the parade and the balls, the HOW TO JOIN...

show is over. Life begins. The show Choose your first seteceach month you will receive reviews of sevis hard work. It tests physical, mention(s) from the choice eral books. To get the top book you do

tal, and moral energy. It is expenbooks listed above at nothing—it will be sent to you postpaid

If the not want do retail price a and you statement. with its carriessive. The show own regular

for an provided postcard return the will any book you send weresponsibilities. after the hard But

four all). every With at (or of alternate the bonus none three

work of campaign politics, the rebooks shown here for just $1,29 more books you accept, you receive a 5th book sponsibility of government begins.... all shipped postpaid. After joining, of your choice free—a savings of 20%.

To govern wisely is more awesome than to campaign successfully. LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. 3-64

In 1964 the role of government in P. 0. BOX 400 - SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

the life of the individual may receive Please send me as my first selection, the following circled books for which I enclose more philosophical attention than in a check or money for the regular retail price of $, plus $1.29 for

some campaigns. Senator Goldwater my 3,bonus books. 1 2 3 4 5 6

Leadership Successful said that forhas his candidacy look at Mormonisrn A 3 CHOICES the MY

Fire Refiner's offeredRepublican nomination was Missionary Guide The Study FOR BONUS

Teacher For The Reader with Searching Success ARE: to possiblein order "a clear BOOKS make

Leaders Speak Our choice"on the question of "the extension of governmental power"Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether

I of 4 agree the choice hereby I want to purchase not book described. a minimumversus "an emphasis on individual or

advertised at the regular the during next or alternates selections Club Books 12 months liberty."He did not suggest in his price. I may resign at any time after buying four additional books. For each 4 books I

initial news conference of January 3, accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free.

1964, that it might be possible to Name, (Continued on page 200) Address: ".'....

[ *..City. Zone. State.

MARCH 1964 149 ARIZONA'S $100 MILLION RETIREMENT COMMUNITY TLJCSOIM

Announces FIRST YEAR INTRODUCTORY APARTMENT RENTAL PROGRAM October 1. 1963 October 1. 1964 The Church

$90 One Bedrm Apt monthly..$ 45

$110 Two Bedrm Apt monthly. $ 55

Luxury Apt monthly $100 Moves$200

:'. -ASA'WrWyjf!.T8Jv.-K

On

DECEMBER 1963

The First Presidency appointed Elders Delbert L. Stapley

and Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve as advisers to the Mutual Improvement Associations. They succeed

President N. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency and Elder Ezra

Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve. Other advisers to the

MIA now serving are Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the Coun-

1 and 2 bedroom apartments cil of the Twelve, and Elder Robert L. Simpson of the Presiding Bishopric.

TEST YOUR RETIREMENT PLANS With "resort living"at "stay at home"rentals. JANUARY 1964

Be our neighbor in America's sunniest, healthiest climate amid thousands of acres of lush green Elder Douglas H. Smith sustained as first counselor to President

gardens, flowers, golf, Ideal for land.valley

crafts, riding, sunHarold M. Wright of the Hillside (Salt Lake City) Stake suchobbies, fishing,swimming,

sets and views. RELAXED OR ACTIVE LEIceeding Elder Francis C. Bromley. Elder Arvel R. Milne sustained

SURE, FREE LITERATURE on friendly TUCas second counselor succeeding Elder Smith.

SON GREEN VALLEY and its NONPROFIT

SPONSOR. WRITE NOW. MAXON, ROOM

650, 2644 E. Speedway, Tucson, Arizona. The First Presidency announced the formation of a new mission, later named the Cumorah Mission, from parts of the

Eastern States Mission. Elder H. Lester Petersen was called as

mission president with headquarters at Rochester, New York. President Petersen filled a mission in New Zealand some forty years ago.FILMS Currently he is serving as a member of the high council and as a

seminary coordinator at Rexburg, Idaho. His wife, the former

AND PRINTED per roll willLuSebaaccompanyWiddison,himandto thisthreenewgrandchildrenfield of labor. whoThe livePetersenswith themhave

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B * W Roll four sons. The area encompassed by this mission field has long

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll been called the cradle of Mormonism.

L, of as resignation Dr. Ernest administrator Wilkinson The COLOR FILM of president education of the and Brigham board of

DEVELOPING University was announced. Later in the day the First PresidencyYoung

as the acting L. Taylor appointments of Elder Harvey announced KODACOLOR of administrator Earl C. Crockett the board of education and Elder 8-Exposure Roll per

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll as acting president of Brigham Young University.

1 2-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 roil The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Reprints Color 20< each

COLOR SLIDES versity,Ivanas J.presidentBarrett, ofinstructorthe Northwesternin religionStatesat BrighamMissionYoungsucceedingUni135 mm Color Slid es per President Don C. Wood. President Barrett has been a stake Sunday

1 35 exp.,mm ColorDev, andSlid esMount $1.35 rollper School superintendent, a member of the stake presidency of Zion

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll Park (Utah) Stake, and has served as a member of three high

Color Movie per councils. His wife, Minnie Rogers Barrett, and three of their five

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll daughters will go with him to this mission assignment.

GENEALOGY PHOTOS The First Presidency announced that President Carl J. Beeof NEGATIVES OLD MADE croft, as president of the Southeast Mexican now serving PRINTS each. 60c PHOTOS, Mission transferred to the Chilean he sucMission, is being where each 4c of NEGATIVE,

ceeds President A. Delbert Palmer.

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

MoneyBack Guarantee Ernest Seville Hatch of Colonia ( Continued on page 221

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Depl.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA course* and A 's* writings,

just sy i

AlUSTIP I

1. THE MASTERFUl DISCOURSES OF ORSON PRATT By N. B. Lundwall

This great classic in Church literature is once again available. In preparing this great work into one convenient volume, N. B. Lundwall has

made a tremendous amount of information available in easyto-read form. A thrilling book to study.. $4.00 uAPyST

2. JUST TO ILLUSTRATE By LeGrand Richards

This book is guaranteed to delight you if you like a welltold story. Here

are dozens of fascinating true experiences... told as only this powerful,

enthusiastic speaker can tell them. Its pages are packed with wisdom,

with eternal truths, and uncanny insight. Wonderful family reading.

$3.25

3. THE LAW OF THE HARVEST By Sterling W.

A sparking collection of 52 thought provoking tall 1,000 talks or lessons. Stimulating reading. Acclaimed as Elder Sill's

finest literarv achievement. $3.50

Smith:ent in Church

history. Dramatic. Movinj Authentic. A story every Church member

should know. $3.25

5. FAITHWORKS By Mark E. Peter:

Poignant, hardhitting editorials whi

Church section of the DeseretiNews.;.

6. THE PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH By Duane S. Crowther

Each of the prophetic statements uttered by Joseph Smith is carefully studied and its fulfillment disc

7. THE PROBLEMS OF THE BOOK

Attempts by outsiders to disclaim ti mon are carefully researched and examined by Dr. Sperry in this

scholarly work. $3.25

HmnHK

mm Order from your nearest Bookcraft dealer or from

BOOKCRAFT HUMOROUS, MORALEBOOSTING 1186PleaseSouthsend Main,the followingSalt Lake circledCity, Utahbooks for which I

GREETING CARDS enclose check or money order for $

Designed for L.D.S. Missionaries

3 4 5 6 7 Here is your opportunity to send 12 a srn ''e to missionary. Wide I! a

selection H m of that a friend, cards NAME....

friend parent or girl will find

All appropriate. taste. ADDRESS. in excellent

25c CITY.ZONE..STATE.

Available at Your Nearest Bookcraft Dealer

MARCH 1964 151 The career that offers women equal opportunity m with men mmr Letters Enjoy prestige, and high pay and jl Reports security in Accounting LaSalle trains you at home in your spare time

Earn an independent income—full or part time.

Prepare for a career in Accounting through LaSalle training. No interference with your present work;

no previous bookkeeping experience necessary. t;| ill III Ml

LaSalle's faculty starts you at the beginning; explains, every principle and method;

corrects and grades your work. Low

cost. LaSalle has trained over 1,000,000

men and women at home. Send for

Free sample lesson in Accounting and illustrated career booklet to LaSalle, 417 Sd. Dearborn St., Chicago 5, LA SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY111,

A Correspondence Institution 417. S. Dearborn St., Dept. 27045, Chicago 5, III.

Please send me, free of cost or obligation, your illustrated booklet "Opportunities in

Accounting"and also your sample lesson.

Name Age....

Address.

Gity&.. Zone.

County State

ONE OF THE THIRTEEN EAGLE SCOUTS

Castro Valley Second Ward, Hayward Johnson, Craig Reading; second row, WilOstler, Randall Hancock, ( Calif. ) Steven Stake, thirteen liam Eagle now has

Blazin, Scoutmaster; Ken- (1-r) Parker, George WESTS Scouts. they are Troop 738 From

Michael Christensen, Dixon, James Reading, Kirk Marsh, first row, neth RodneyLARGEST MUSIC STORES

Fisher. Phillips, Blazin, Keith and William Franckum, Gordon Norman

MIXED VOICES Seek and Ye Shall Find 25c Now Let Us All Praise God 25c An Evening's Pastorale 20c Bach ALLELUJA #13 25c The Lord Is My Shepherd 25c Worthy Is The Lamb 25c Music Man 65c

LADIES 7 VOICES Let All My Life Be Music 30c Old Things Are Done Away 30c

MEN'S VOICES I Dream of Jeanie..-25c

The Sleigh 25c ACHIEVERS

The Mia Maids of the Lapoint Ward, achievers are Karen Lee, Mardean Lamb,

Ashley ( Utah ) Stake, had one hundred Glenda Cox, Joan Winn, Sherry Nyberg,

is the and and Cheryl Woolley. young Velma Perry women Music Co percent achievement in 1962. President of Nadean Huber, Rita Huber, Ann Harrison, teacher. is the Bigelou Vera The nine

P. O. Box 2009

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO

MAIL ORDERS FILLED IMMEDIATELY

1S2 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA B(IIU#

FIVE YEARS OF 100 PERCENT

Darla Rae Woods of the Camarillo Ward,

Santa Barbara (California) Stake was recently presented with her fifth individual award. The awards also represent 100

percent attendance at church meetings.

She is in her fourth year of seminary work and plans to attend Brigham Young University in the fall.ABOUT TEST BAN TREATY LOW? then make sure it's a Rilco laminated wood design

I wish to commend you for your lead article in the November issue by Dr. G.

Homer Durham on the Test Ban Treaty. You don't have to cut corners. Economies come naturally with Rilco structural systems.

Lack of clarity in thought on this subject Strong, gracefully curving laminated wood arches simplify your construction. At the

is not only present among Americans same time, give your architect greater design freedom. There are no expensive, bulky

in general but also among many LDS columns, thus opening up your sanctuary for greater seating capacity. Erection costs

church members.

of civilization and human are substantially reduced, too, as Rilco arches, beams and decking go up fast. And The future

freedom are dependent upon our ability natural wood needs practically no maintenance.

to defend our family, homes, and nation The end result: unduplicated beauty of warm, richly grained wood—a true

from the predatory advances of the Satanexpression of reverence in a House of Worship. IAIICI

conspirinternationalinspired communist "guns"We have two interesting Rilco booklets we'd like to send you. Write today. limiting ouracy. Throwing away or

without adequate inspection and control of the enemy, paves the way for ultimate enslavement. Please send me the following:

internapresent free in our To remain l strong. Church Construction Ideas Booklet also jungle,tional remain we must

We will not remain strong if we shackle Selecting and Working With Your Church Architect ourselves by international agreement with NAME.

gangsters who have repeatedly shown a CHURCH.-

complete disregard of any moral obligation ADDRESS to adhere to these agreements. CITY ZON E STATE

F. E. Woodhull, M.D. MAIL TO: Weyerhaeuser Company, Box B-73, Tacoma, Wash.

Anaheim, California

Rilco Laminated Wood Products AWeyerhaeuser J153 MARCH 1964

PRESIDENTS OF THE MISSIONS IN THE ORIENT

Japanese Mission

Heber J. Grant July 1901Sept. 1903

Horace S. Ensign Sept. 1903July 1905

Alma O. Taylor July 1905Jan. 1910

Elbert D. Thomas Jan. 1910Oct. 1912

H. Grant Ivins Oct. 1912Feb. 1915

Joseph E. Stimson Feb. 1915March 1921

Lloyd O. Ivie March 1921July 1923

Hilton A. Robertson July 1923Aug. 1924

Edward L. Clissold Oct. 23, 1947Aug. 4, 1949

Vinal G. Mauss Aug. 4, 1949Sept. 10, 1953

Hilton A. Robertson Sept. 10, 1953Aug. 1955

Northern Far East Mission

Hilton A. Robertson Aug. 1955Nov. 1, 1955

Paul C. Andrus Nov. 1, 1955June 20, 1962

Why Bigelow is specified for Dwayne N. Andersen June 20, 1962so many Mormon church buildings: Southern Far East Mission

Harold Grant Heaton June 29, 1955June 16, 1959 building's the appearance they Director, improve reason. above, is oneGropoint Robert Sherman 16, Taylor June 1959Aug. 10, 1962

excellent of sound. absorbers are in—they Impressive Longwearing.Sturdy.

Jr. Jay A. Quealey, Aug. 10, 1962is heavyduty color. This tweed woven ideal for are the Carpets home, Bigelow

definest of wools, selected imported buildevery public as well. In fact—for Korean Mission trafparticularly for use where signed can has or ing, home, Bigelow every

fic is heaviest. customcreate the perfect carpet. We've Gail E. Carr June 19, 1962Gropoint Director is one of a group of done it since 1825.

befitting with quality CarpetsBigelow organized missionary known work Not church buildings. inMormon with the closing Japan of the mission

a only do Bigelow RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825 ceasedin "While1924, in Mission Japanese orHawaii was early ganized with Hilton in 1937 A. Robertson

as mission president. President Clair Jay Jensen

succeeded him in August 1940. Edward L. Clissold became acting president January 31, 1943,

president and April 13, 1944. 14, 1944, On May

the of the mission name to was changed Central

Pacific, and Castle H. Murphy was set apart as

acting president. was He succeeded Melvin by

A. Weenig on February 11, 1946. Central The SPECIAL NO. CALIF. Pacific the and Hawaiian missions were consolidated into the Mission Hawaii April 1, 1950.

commenceALLLDS TRAIN * SPECIAL round trip PRAYER SPECIAL 1 day return privilege BY REVA O. ANDERSON

SPECIAL low LDS rates SPECIAL 'Testimonial // I could pray as Jesus prayed (returncars"trip under direcWith heart and soul and mind, tion of LDS leader) If I could feel that God's pure love

Was steadying my weak hand, If while I kneel in quiet peace$3600complete round trip fare (including tax) Stakes, Wards, Quorums, all LDS His warm voice I could hear

Phone or contact your Bishop, Stake members invited And know within my troubled heart

President or LDS representative, to PACIFIC ride the WESTERN His answer to my fear,Reservations must Streamliner be in by March 23rd. in "special"cars.

Returning with special Scheduled stops for LOS: Departs April 2 How bright tomorrow's sun would

"Testimonial Cars"10.00 a.m. San 12:40 p.m. Stockton shine,

10:15 April 5. p.m. Sunday,

Francisco 1:35 p.m. Sacramento How light my cares would be,

10:45 a.m. Oakland 2:18 or individual p.m. MarysvilleSend your group

reservation direct to 1 1:20 a.m. Fremont 2:50 p.m. Oroville How gladly would I face the wrath

Mission Street, Arrives Friday, April 3, Of all eternity.

FranciscoWESTERN PACIFIC San526 a.m., Calif. 5:25 Salt Lake City 3-21005, YUkon

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get greater coverage with lower cost

Farmers Insurance Group offers the best buy in auto insurance in America today.

Farmers gives you the comprehensive coverage youFAST need for today's driving at low cost. Farmers rates

are usually substantially lower than most other companies. Farmers offers a 20% discount for

two years of accidentfree driving. And if you have

two or more cars insured with Farmers, you get discounts on all major coverages for each car.

Call your Farmers Agent today for details.FRIENDLY

/jy, Symbol of Superior SciFARMERS INSURANCE GROUP FAMOUS FOR LOW RATES, TOO!

He who can thus testify of the Living Redeemer has his soul anchored in eternal truth.

That the spirit of man passes triumphantly through the portals of death into everlasting life is one of the glorious messages given by the Christ, our Redeemer.

To him this earthly career is but a day and its closing but the setting of life's sun; death, but a sleep, is

followed by a glorious awakening in the morning of an Eternal Realm. When Mary and Martha saw their

brother in the dark and silent tomb, Christ saw him still a living being. This fact he expressed in the

two words: "... Lazarus sleepeth:..."

If everyone participating in Easter services knew that the crucified Christ actually rose on the third day from the tomb—that after having mingled with

others in the spirit world, his Spirit did again reaniafter sojourning his pierced body, and among JOB TO Z'} mate days, of forty a glorified ascended the space men for soul to his Father—what benign peace would come to

souls now troubled with doubt and uncertainty!

Establish it as a fact that Christ did take up his body and appeared as a Glorified, Resurrected Being, and you answer the question of the ages—"If a man

dies, shall he live again?"

While it is true that knowledge of individual immortality does not depend upon the actuality of the resurrection of Jesus, yet the establishment of the fact that he arose from the grave and communicated with

Because Our Redeemer Lives

THE EDITORS PAGE / BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

T56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his disciples would furnish in many ways the strongto the disciples who knew Christ intimately. In their

est support of that hope. minds there was absolutely no doubt. They were witThere is no cause to fear death; it is but an incinesses to the fact. They knew because their eyes bedent in life. It is as natural as birth. Why should held, their ears heard, their hands felt the corporeal

we fear it? Some fear it because they think it is presence of the Risen Redeemer.

the end of life, and life often is the dearest thing we The chief apostle, Peter, the indefatigable Paul, the have. Eternal life is man's greatest blessing. Prophet Joseph Smith, and other true followers of the

Jesus the Christ is the one perfect man who ever Risen Lord recognized in him the Savior of the indilived. He came to redeem the world from sin. He vidual, for did he not say "... this is my work and my

came with love in his heart for every individual, with glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life

redemption for all. He, in rising from the dead, conof man"(Moses 1:39), not the sacrificing of the indiquered death, and is now Lord of the earth. vidual for the perpetuation of the state, as it is regretHow utterly weak, how extremely foolish is he who fully the case in many parts of the earth.

would wilfully reject Christ's way of life, especially The message of the resurrection is the most comin the light of the fact that such rejection leads only forting, the most glorious ever given to man, for to unhappiness, misery, and even to death. He taught when death takes a loved one from us, our sorrowthat an unsullied character is the noblest aim of ing hearts are assuaged by the hope and the divine

life. He condemned hypocrisy and praised sincerity assurance expressed in the words: "He is not here:

of purpose. By choosing him as our ideal, we create He is risen."

within ourselves a desire to be like him, to have fellowMembers of the Church of Jesus Christ are under ship with him. We perceive life as it should be and as obligation to make the sinless Son of Man their ideal.

it may be. By always keeping our hearts pure, our He is the one Perfect Being who ever walked the

actions will be in accord therewith. earth; the sublimest example of nobility; Godlike in

If only men would "do his will"instead of looking nature; perfect in his love; our Redeemer, our Savior;

hopelessly at the dark and gloomy tomb, they would the immaculate Son of our Eternal Father; the Light,

turn their eyes heavenward and know that "Christ the Life, the Way.

is risen!"With all my soul I know that death is conquered by

The literal resurrection from the grave was a reality Jesus Christ. Because our Redeemer lives, so shall we!

MARCH 1964 IS7 "BAPTISM BEFORE THE COMING OF OUR SAVIOR IN THE FLESH"

question: 7n our discussion of John the Baptist. It seems to us

principles of the gospel the point that if baptism was an ordinance teas raised as to why baptism for required of people before the time the remission of sins is mentioned of John, that surely there would bein the Book of Mormon as an ordiYOUR some indication that this was the nance which the Nephites practised practice. It was the view of some

from the days of Nephi to the end that baptism was something thatof their history, that ivould be from QUESbelonged to the dispensation of 600 years before the coming of the Jesus and John and an ordinance

Savior, while in the Bible there is given to Israel by revelation in theno mention of baptism for the reTION days of John the Baptist. Will you

mission of sins until the coming of please clear this question for us?"

answer: It is true that in the Begotten; that ye might be sanctiANSWERED BY

translations of the books of the Old fied from all sin, and enjoy the

Testament, the ordinance of bapwords of eternal life in this world,tism is not clearly defined as an JOSEPH and eternal life in the world to ordinance of the gospel. However FIELDING come, even immortal glory;

in the writings of Moses found in "For by the water ye keep the the Pearl of Great Price, we discommandment; by the Spirit ye arecover that baptism was one of the SMITH justified, and by the blood ye

first commandments given to Adam PRESIDENT OF are sanctified;

after he was driven from the GarTHE COUNCIL "Therefore it is given to abide in den of Eden. We read in the Book OF THE TWELVE you; the record of heaven; the

of Moses that after Adam and Eve Comforter; the peaceable things of

were driven out of the Garden they immortal glory; the truth of all

were instructed by an angel who taught them the things; that which quickeneth all things, which maketh

need of repentance and the remission of sins and that alive all things; that which knoweth all things, and

in due time the Savior would come to atone for hath all power according to wisdom, mercy, truth, justheir transgression. tice, and judgment.

In that instruction, we find the following: "And now, behold, I say unto you: This is the plan

"That by reason of transgression cometh the fall, of salvation unto all men, through the blood of mine which fall bringeth death, and inasmuch as ye were Only Begotten, who shall come in the meridian of time.

born into the world by water, and blood, and the "And behold, all things have their likeness, and all spirit, which I have made, and so became of dust a things are created and made to bear record of me, living soul, even so ye must be born again into the both things which are temporal, and things which are kingdom of heaven, of water, and of the Spirit, and spiritual; things which are in the heavens above, and

be cleansed by blood, even the blood of mine Only things which are on the earth, and things which are

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the earth, and things which are under the earth, cal venture to say that it was used for baptizing the both above and beneath: all things bear record of me. living for the remission of their sins.

"And it came to pass, when the Lord had spoken It is a wellknown fact acknowledged by Bible with Adam, our father, that Adam cried unto the Lord, students who have studied the doctrines and customs and he was caught away by the Spirit of the Lord, of ancient Israel, that baptism was an ordinance perand was carried down into the water, and was laid formed in ancient Israel in full attestation of the under the water, and was brought forth out of word of the Lord as revealed in the writings of Moses the water. in the Pearl of Great Price.

"And thus he was baptized, and the Spirit of God descended upon him, and thus he was born of the

Spirit, and became quickened in the inner man."

(Moses 6:5965.)

One of the responsibilities which the Lord has placed upon the members of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints is that they search the scriptures and lay up a store of knowledge, otherwise they cannot have the guidance of the Holy Ghost, notwithstanding they have been baptized and confirmed. Those who are ignorant of the gospel truths

and unacquainted with the teachings that the Lord gave to the Fathers, cannot have the guidance of the

Spirit of the Lord. Such people leave themselves open

to temptation and deception by wicked, unscrupulous souls and are in grave danger of being led into folly and forbidden paths because they have no foundation in faith on which to build.

It is verily true that the Bible as it has come down to us has very little to say about baptism in the Old

Testament. Yet there are passages in the writings

of Moses and the old prophets which clearly indicate to the prayerful student that baptism was a principle which was practised all through the days of old Israel.

When the temple of Solomon was built we read of a "molten sea,"ten cubics from one brim to the other, it stood on the backs of twelve carved oxen. This

font, or brazen sea, was not used for baptisms for the dead, for there were no baptisms for the dead until after the resurrection of the Lord. It is a logiMARCH 1964 159

Suppose someone were asked to make a detailed evaluation of your effectiveness as a teacher. What elements do you

feel would reveal the most about you in such an appraisal?

Skilled supervisors place great stress on the ability of the teaching teacher to formulate and use questions effectively. They are

CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH agreed that skilfully worded and properly placed questions

UNIFIED SCHOOL SYSTEM are absolutely vital to teacher skill and artistry. When the

teacher himself becomes involved in the formation of questions it helps him to think of his lesson in the light of student interest and concept levels. When students are

confronted with welldirected questions, they immediately sense the fact that the lesson requires an effort on their part.

They feel needed and wanted. It becomes their class, not

the teacher's.

A good questioning technique not only establishes contact between the teacher and a student but promotes

BY ERNEST EBERHARD, JR.

DIRECTOR OF CUPRICULUM SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION interaction among all class members. and they govern themselves."

This is especially important in teaching We develop the muscles of our bodies young people in their teens. Teenagers by overcoming resistance of various

are a closely knit group emotionally and kinds. Exercise is basically a matter of

socially. Conformity in thinking, conovercoming a static position of our

duct patterns, and standards of their bodies or an object. If we are to help

peer group are vital to their sense of our students develop their spiritual muswell-being and growth. Most of them cles, we must give them tasks to perhave not yet developed a strong sense of form and obstacles to overcome. When

selfidentity. They find it disturbing to a teacher, unaided by student involvebe too individualistic, something which ment, skilfully unrolls a panorama of

they will not feel to such an extent when the past or a vision of a desirable future, they reach maturity. Presently, their students may be highly entertained.

identity is largely that of the peer group However, they may well not be stimuto which they belong. The writer has lated to any kind of positive thinking,

frequently heard young people remark feeling, or action. The result is that they

how glad they wjere to know how other reach maturity with adequate historical young people felt and believed on cerand verbalized religious knowledge but tain matters. If the teacher does not are spiritually and emotionally flabby

give members of the class opportunities and underdeveloped. When called upon

to ask and answer questions on those to resist evil, they do not have the aspects of the lesson which are imporstrength to do so. On the other hand if

tant to growth and development, they their religious education contains the are likely to remain emotionally and proper amount of realistic problem solvspiritually isolated from each other. A ing they will have a much better chance

good discussion based on aptly conto develop spiritual strength.

ceived and wellplaced questions brings Religious history is in part a record students together in a grouplearning, of the problems and deeds of those who groupinteracting, and sometimes even preceded us; it is an account of how

in a grouptherapy relationship. Such a they overcame obstacles in their time

reaction leads to selfdiscovery, the most and under conditions peculiar to their effective type of teaching known. lives. Such stories and examples are

There is probably nothing which is highly valuable to the teacher if he uses more characteristic of the difference bethem to formulate and ask questions tween human beings and animals than which make it necessary for students the ability to think, that is, to learnmentally to apply the principles inherent in large part—by mental trial and error in these historical accounts to the events

rather than by motor trial and error. of their own time and in their own lives.

Thinking is initiated and sustained when The Savior used questions often and the individual is faced with a problem, with the greatest skill. He stimulated

with an imbalance in some important his own thinking, sometimes, he hesiaspect of his life. Foundational to a tated before giving a parable or in makfeeling of imbalance is some kind t)f ing an explanation by asking himself the

question or problem. Questions are the question, "Where unto shall I liken it?"

driving power, the basic element of our If each teacher would ask himself this mental trial and error efforts. It is question often and persistently while

through problem solving that we learn preparing his lesson, it would greatly to understand and apply the principles increase the effectiveness of his teaching.

which underlie growth and progress. Jesus also used questions to confound

This is the kind of teaching the Prophet the learned but spiritually dead Scribes,

Joseph Smith had in mind when he said, Pharisees, and Sadducees. He used them

"I teach the people correct principles to teach his (Continued on page 204)

BY HAZEL M. THOMSON

.33 iy,* i'1 2

is Mis?

"Squire Wells, I wish you to cherish my memory."

These words, one of the few recorded statements of the

Prophet Joseph Smith as he left Nauvoo for the last time, x% his face turned toward Carthage, catch the imagination.

They become doubly interesting when we learn that this man to whom they were spoken was not a member of the

Church. The words would seem to show some concern

by the Prophet for Squire Wells'opinion. What was the

relationship between the two men? Why did the Prophet

make it a point to stop at his home and bid Squire

Wells goodbye?

The record does state that Daniel H. Wells was ill at

this time, but was this the sole reason for the visit? What

manner of man was this with whom the Prophet shared.'! g&5&;

some of the precious moments of that fateful June 24, 1844?

Who was this man?

Other quotations from the Prophet on this memorable journey are easily understood. "This is the loveliest place,

and the best people under the heavens,"he said, and then added prophetically, "Little do they know the trials that await them."

Further comment is recorded from the Prophet as he neared his farm at the edge of the city and paused for one last look. To his companions the delay seemed unnecessarily lengthy and was the cause of some remark from one

of them, to which he replied:

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

V If some of you had such a farm, and knew you and the most beautiful city in Illinois, crowned with a would not see it any more, you would want to take a magnificent temple. He knew the Latterday Saints

look at it for the last time."for what they were; he knew their industry, their

Perhaps the best known and most often repeated honesty, their concern for each other, their clean, words of the Prophet are these, spoken as the volunGod-fearing lives.

tary prisoners neared Carthage upon learning the purBorn in New York state, he was but twenty years pose of a company of sixty mounted militiamen on of age when he arrived in western Illinois, the sole their way to Nauvoo with orders from Governor Ford, support of a widowed mother and his younger sister.

demanding the surrender of the state arms in possesHe soon gained the respect and confidence of his sion of the Nauvoo Legion: neighbors and was elected constable the first year of

"I am going like a lamb to the slaughter; but I am his arrival. Subsequently he was chosen justice of the

calm as a summer's morning; I have a conscience void peace and an officer in the first military organization

of offense towards God and towards all men. I shall of Hancock County, and the dignified title of Squire

die innocent, and it shall yet be said of me—he was was bestowed upon him, which he was to carry

murdered in cold blood."through his long and eventful life.

For these statements of the Prophet during his ride He became active in politics in Illinois and was to Carthage, there is plain and justifiable reason, but associated upon occasions with O. H. Browning,

why his stop to visit Daniel H. Wells? Who was this Stephen A. Douglas, and Abraham Lincoln. His genman, so honored? eral knowledge of the law was good, especially as it

Of the event, Squire Wells was to say in later years: applied to pioneer conditions.

"I watched the caravan ride away with tears in my He it was before whom the Prophet was tried after eyes and a choking sensation in my throat, for I knew his arrest with members of the Nauvoo City Council,

I had touched the hand of a Prophet of God, a man being charged with riot, following the destruction of above all other men; that he was riding to his martyrthe press of the Nauvoo Expositor.

dom, and I would never see his like again."The Prophet wrote:

This points up another problem of interest. If these "This morning, the 17th of June, 1844, 1 was arrested

were the true feelings of Daniel H. Wells upon this together with Samuel Bennett, John Taylor, Hyrum

occasion, why was he still a nonmember of the Church Smith and others on a writ issued by Daniel H. Wells,

which had been restored by this Prophet? What is on complaint of W. G. Ware for riot on the 10th inst.,

the story? What man was this? in destroying the Nauvoo Expositor press.

He had seen Nauvoo from the very beginning. He "At 2 p.m. we went before Justice Wells at his house,

had watched it grow from a house or so to the largest and after a long close (Continued on page 223)

MARCH 1964 163 1. WHY MUST WE TEACH GENEALOGY? f. lessons to be taught in the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums in 1964;

A. Here are some facts: We are commanded by g. some lessons being taught in the seminaries;

revelation to trace our genealogies as far as we can, h. family teaching in the home where required

and to be sealed to all our progenitors. The Lord under the Home Teaching program of the Church.

never commands us to do anything that is impossible. This training through the ward genealogical family

(1 Nephi 3:7.) He has provided a wealth of records classes and through the BYU credit classes may be

now available in books, manuscripts, films, and in the expanded from the introductory courses of a general computer. Every Latterday Saint should make use of nature to more specialized courses of research in varithese available records. ous countries.

B. Here are some oftrepeated genealogical fallacies: 4. HOW CAN WE OBTAIN QUALIFIED

Only a very few select individuals with special talents INSTRUCTORS?

can ever be taught to be effective genealogists. It is Plans are being perfected by which two selected

impossible to try to teach 2,000,000 people to be effecteachers from each of the various wards will be given, tive genealogists. Lineal connections cannot be proved through the Genealogical Society, adequate instrucvery far back. No records were kept of my people tion and guidance in how to present the lessons in

who were commoners. I am too busy in other church genealogy most effectively. More details will be anwork to do my genealogy. My chief concern should nounced later.

be with the living. Research is too expensive. This 5. WHAT TEXTS AND STUDY GUIDES WILL BE

can wait until the Millennium. Eventually the comAVAILABLE?

puter will do all my research work for me. These are The introductory text, now being taught in the famunsound and untenable opinions or heresies calculated ily class, is Genealogical Research Standards. This

to deceive or mislead members of the Church. beginning course should be repeated each year for

2. WHAT MUST WE TEACH? those who are starting their genealogical education.

To compile acceptable family records, including the Beginning in September 1964, two additional families of all descendants and of all progenitors. To courses will be offered in the wards—one in American

compile records of the descendants of various foregenealogical research, and one on research in England fathers. To obtain and organize pictures and appealand Wales. It is hoped that in subsequent years the

ing stories and characterrevealing incidents of them. number of advanced classes will be increased, so that

To know the different record sources that exist, and groups within a ward may select research study in the where they may best be consulted. To learn how geographical areas of their choice, such as Denmark,

to read and understand available sources. To acquire Sweden, Germany, the

skill in analyzing and evaluating records. To become Netherlands, France,

experienced in judging when lineal connections are etc. By this means it

proved by a preponderance of evidence. To be able is hoped to have suitable

to audit family records to ensure that all the orditexts available on genenances of exaltation are performed, including the alogical research methsealings. To function effectively in family organizaods and sources in the

tions so as to avoid the duplication of temple various countries where Churchwide ordinances, and unnecessary repetition of research. Latterday Saints are desirous3. TEACH? CAN WE BEST HOW

ancestry. responsibility important of the Church is to most of tracing their program of A

teach these things to the members of the Church. ExFor each text pubisting avenues of instruction are: lished by the GenealogiEducation

a. the weeknight family class; cal Society a helpful

training class in b. School; the genealogical Sunday will Study Guide be in for School projected class c. the in Sunday to assist young prepared the

people, 1415 years of age, being tried out in six pilot teacher in presenting stakes in 1964; and applying the lessons Genealogy

d. BYU college credit classes in genealogy, now in a practical way. Suitserving 400 students on the campus; able visual aids also will

e. Home Study courses in genealogy, based on a be prepared to aid the

similar plan giving college credit; teachers in presenting

their material in a graphic and impressive manner. Q. I have already instructed the

to place the names I6. WHO SHOULD ATTEND THE WEEKNIGHT Records Office

FAMILY CLASS? send to them in the Family File. Do

I need to repeat this request each

Every available adult Latterday Saint should attime that I send in records or will tend, because each has his Godgiven responsibility the previous instructions I have in genealogy. Members of bishoprics and their wives given apply for all records I submit?

should be regular attendants, and their example will powerfully influence ward members to attend. Leaders A. "Individuals who desire to have

and members of the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums some of their cleared names placed should attend and strongly support this class by their in the 'Family File'at a designated temple, should make certain that presence and active participation, for Church leaders attendants are informed of this fact are emphasizing that genealogical and temple work at the time the family group sheets are foremost priesthood duties. are submitted for examination at the

7. WHY IS THIS EDUCATION PROGRAM SO IMRecords Office.

PORTANT AND SO URGENT? "Only the family group records of

This is the great work of the latter days, and close relatives will be placed in the throughout the Millennium it will be the major work Family File however."(Genealogiof the world. Again we are being urged by the cal Instruction Manual, 5-7.)

Prophet of God to do this work now and are told that the time is short for us to accomplish it before the Q. If I am experienced in sending

coming of the Savior to rule and reign. in family group sheets is it necessary

As James truly wrote: "Therefore to him that for me to have my records inspected

knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin."by the ward Family Group Sheet

(James 4:17.) Examiners?

We are accountable to God and to our kindred dead A. It is strongly recommended by

for the use we make of our wonderful opportunities.

the Genealogical Society that every person in the ward have his sheets examined locally before he sends them to the Society.

These examiners are in possession of the latest official instructions on correct standards for acceptable family group records, and two different examiners check over each sheet for clerical correctness. In this way the

patron will avoid the possibility of having his sheets returned to him by the Genealogical Society because of some minor imperfection, error, or omission, such as failing to give the name of the Family Representative, his relationship to the husband

GENEALOGY anderror toin thedates.wife, or some obvious

Pertinent Q. How are ward Family Group

Questions A.SheetTheExaminersbishop appointed?appoints them in

consultation with the high priests group leader in the ward, who is Answered adviser to the bishop on all matters pertaining to genealogical activities.

MARCH 1964 165 IN TH THE CHURCH Yea, and all the earth shall see the salvation of the Lord, saith the prophet; and every nation, kindred,

tongue and people shall be blessed, (l Nephi 19.17.)

The Orient, of all areas of the world, is perhaps least

ELDER GORDON B. HINCKLEY understood by the people of the West. But the relentof the Council of the Twelve and lessly flowing tides of history are altering this picture.

President HawaiianOri- of the is ental Missions the author of A great ferment is at work. The people of the West

the stirring articles on the are becoming increasingly aware of the vast size and in the Church Orient which apthe tremendous populations of the oriental nations the on pear twentyfollowing four pages. and of a growing power among these millions who

are being transformed by the catalyst of education.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Four little Filipino girls Home teachers in Hong and their teacher—Kong, wearing western dress, Primary class in Manila—call on a fellow countryman

find shelter from a who still wears clothes of sudden rain under the old China and lives in a protecting eaves of a chapel. picturesque Chinese home.

The people of the Far East are conscious likewise, and proudly so, of their unlimited potential. Within

the space of a few years some of these people have taken places in the front line of the nations of the earth and have demonstrated a resiliency in adaptation and a vigor in growth that have caused the remainder of the world to look and wonder.

Here for centuries the great nonChristian religions have flourished. Buddhism, Taoism, Shintoism, and

others have governed the thoughts and lives of millions. Pagodas, shrines, temples, great stone statues

that seem to be everywhere, all evidence the devotion of myriads to religions which have dominated the worship and in large measure determined the culture of these areas.

Christian missionaries of various kinds have come and gone, and come again. They have been welcomed

and expelled, then invited back. They have spent

vast sums to feed the hungry and clothe the naked.

They have brought a measure of light and understanding. One cannot read of their struggles or witness their labors without some appreciation of the

spirit which has prompted them.

Among them have been more than a thousand representatives of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. They have gone in response to calls from

the Prophet of the Lord. They have taught the restored gospel of the Master. They have baptized

in the authority of the true priesthood and have conferred that same priesthood upon many worthy men

.ORIENT..PROLOGUE

who are becoming leaders in righteousness in their To date, our labors have been relatively small own lands and among their own people. among so many, but they have been tremendously

It has not been easy for these missionaries. They significant. We have not touched the millions of the

have known sickness and abuse. They have fasted Chinese mainland, where we are not permitted to go.

for the power of the Lord to learn the languages of We have not as yet taught other millions in other these areas, strange and terrifying to the newcomer. areas, but it is apparent that the Spirit of the Lord is

They have prayed for the Spirit to touch the hearts brooding in the hearts of men in this part of the earth, of the people, most of whom know little or nothing of and that doors now locked will some day open.

the Lord Jesus Christ. They have witnessed the outThe foundation of a great work has been laid.

pouring of that Spirit in a measure wonderful to beFaithful members of the Church in Japan, Okinawa, hold. And they have developed a love for these people China, Korea, the Philippines, as well as in other areas

among whom they have labored, a love that never bespeak this fact. Let us review what has been done

seems to dim, but which grows brighter and stronger as prologue to what inevitably must come to pass in with the passing years. fulfilment of the mandate of the Lord.

MARCH 1964 167 Haruyo and Harumi Endo Top, right: The finish

of Sapporo Branch, of a girls'footrace at dressedbest—beautifulin their Sunday asportsdistrictconferenceMIA summerheld

Japanese kimonos. in Tokyo.JAPAN

Japan has been called the England of the Orient. To To members of the Church, one more is worthy of

those acquainted with both nations the resemblance mention. The first mission established in the Eurois more than superficial. Each is an island or group pean area was in England. The first in the Orient was

of islands, separated from a vast continent by narrow in Japan.

waters. Each became a great maritime power, a But here the similarity ends. Those sent to Engnatural consequence of its geography. Each built land arrived among people with familiar customs and

an empire. Faced with a scarcity of land and a povthe same language. Those sent to Japan arrived in

erty of natural resources, each felt it necessary to what appeared to them a new world. Few Europeans

explore, to establish trade, to colonize. Each became and fewer Americans were there at the time. Dress,

highly industrialized with vast numbers of people manners, government were all different. The lanliving in crowded cities. London, with eight million guage was a mystery, a mystery which at first

inhabitants, is among the great centers of the earth. appeared almost impossible of solution.

Tokyo, with more than ten million, is the world's They arrived in Tokyo harbor on the morning of largest metropolis. August 12, 1901. There were four of them, three

These and many other similarities might be named. mature men and a boy. Their leader was Heber J.

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA way ahead was dark and uncharted; divine inspiration

was needed and diligently sought for by prayer and fasting, counsel, and work. It was a precious experience to be a comrade with an Apostle as he wrestled

with the Lord, especially when the way seemed so obscure."

On the morning of Sunday, September 1, 1901, the four missionaries left their hotel in Yokohama and walked to a wooded area on a hill to the south of the city. There they sang, "We Thank Thee, O God,

for a Prophet."Each prayed in turn. Following another hymn, President Grant offered a prayer of dedication. Of that prayer Elder Taylor wrote:

"His tongue was loosened and the Spirit rested mightily upon him; so much so that we felt the angels

of God were near; for our hearts burned within us

as the words fell from his lips. I never experienced

such a peaceful influence or heard such a powerful prayer before. Every word penetrated into my very

bones, and I could have wept for joy."

The land was dedicated "for the proclamation of the Truth and for the bringing to pass of the purposes of the Lord concerning the gathering of Israel and the establishment of righteousness upon the earth."

In closing the service the elders sang, "God moves in a mysterious way, his wonders to perform."

Then commenced a work of devotion and disappointment probably without parallel in the history of the missions of the Church. President Grant was

released after two years. Elders Ensign and Kelsch

were replaced by others from the States. Alma Taylor

remained for almost nine years during which time he performed the major labor on the translation and

Above, center: Action A few of the children who publication of the Book of Mormon, copies of which

Jr. the Tokyo attendfor Sunday of MMen School were presented to the imperial family and officers ofdistrict the at furnished Tokyo Central was

by an obstacle race at Branch gather to work the government. The efforts of this "pinkcheeked"

sports conference. in a garden. boy, who became a mature man and a mission president in Japan, can never be minimized.

Grant, a member of the Council of Twelve, then fortyThe mission was continued until 1924. The history

four years of age. Two veteran missionaries had been of those twentythree years can be told in heartache

called to accompany him—Horace S. Ensign, who had and struggle, with victory now and again in the form

recently completed nearly three years of service in the of a faithful man or woman whose heart was touched

Western States, and Louis A. Kelsch, who for ten by the Spirit of the Lord.

years had taught the gospel in the United States, EngJapan had defeated China in 1895 and Russia in land, and Germany. Alma O. Taylor, who was to 1905. Proud of her achievements and sensitive to her

celebrate his nineteenth birthday in Japan, completed increasing influence in the world, she was caught up the group. He was described by a Japanese observer in a wave of ultranationalism. This found expression

as "the pinkcheeked Taylor."in feelings against the West and a return to ancesThese were the pioneers of a great labor of dedicatral religions.

tion. Elder Taylor penned a touching portrayal of his Legislation in the United States in the twenties,

leader, who was later to become the President of aimed at excluding Orientals, resulted in antiAmeri- the Church: can demonstrations in Japan. This was the climax.

"Before the Lord he was humble as a child. The The Apostle who had opened the mission in 1901,

MARCH 1964 169 and who in the meantime had become President of the war. He knew many Japanese from long associathe Church, closed the mission in 1924. tion in Hawaii. He arrived in Tokyo in March.

During those twentythree years 166 converts were The great city was still suffering from the paralysis baptized. The harvest had been light. In a single

month in 1963 there came into the Church as many as the total baptized from 1901 to 1924. The work of

that early period was the foundation of a harvest which was to come when the Lord was to pour out his Spirit upon this land.

World War II intervened. No nation could pass

through so terrible a cataclysm without great change.

No people could experience so devastating a struggle without coming to grips with its very soul. From the

carnage of battle, from the haunting specter of great cities laid level as a plain, from the bitter dust of

Hiroshima and Nagasaki came a new nation and a new people, a truly remarkable nation and a truly wonderful people.

From the past they preserved the quiet, refining elements of a culture that reached back for millenniums. This is the heart of Japan. With brilliance

its thinkers dreamed and drafted and planned. This

is the mind of Japan. With unparalleled energy they

built an industrial empire from the shambles of war.

This is the muscle of Japan. With new vision they

cast off the shackles of superstition and looked upward and outward. This is the spirit of Japan, a spirit

which opens the doors and the hearts of many to the restored gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

The missionaries returned in 1948. Edward L.

Clissold of Honolulu, now president of the Hawaiian

Temple, was called by the First Presidency to unlock the closed door. He had been a naval officer during

Working on steeple of Three Gleaner girls from Volunteer workers (I to r) the Tokyo West Chapel Tokyo: Matsui Kazue, Tadao Tanaka, Ryoko

are building missionaries Sakuma Fujiko, and Rurakami, and Hiroko from Hawaii and Keino Hiroko, in a park Akasaka, clean up at new

Okinawa. near the mission home. Tokyo West branch chapel.

of its destruction. To find suitable mission headChurch, some twentynine of them, lie like beads

quarters appeared an almost impossible task. Miracuon a string from Naha and Futenma on Okinawa to

lously, as he regarded it, President Clissold was able Asahigawa on the north Island of Japan—a distance

to buy the concrete shell of a onceluxurious residence of more than 1,500 miles.

in a good section of the city. A thermite bomb, Exclusive of American servicemen, there are more

dropped on the roof, had burned through to the than seven thousand members of the Church in Japan ground, destroying the interior and leaving the walls today. More than 1,500 converts came into the Church

gaunt and ghostlike. in 1963. Local brethren preside over the districts and

The story of that purchase is a chapter in itself, branches. A thousand faithful Saints attend district

too long for this telling. Suffice it to say that in the conference in Tokyo.

face of an acute building shortage, of government Most of them have come out of a nonChristian regulations against the purchase of property, of rules background, but they carry in their hearts the same prohibiting the use of foreign currency in acquiring living conviction of the truth of this work as do memreal estate, of a lack of materials with which to rebers of the Church the world over.

construct, and of a hundred other hurdles, the site The work of proselyting is still difficult. Fasting,

was secured and a mission headquarters established. prayer, counsel, and work—the keys used by those who

On Thanksgiving Day, 1948, the Clissolds, and the opened the mission at the turn of the century, are few missionaries sent to assist them, occupied the the same keys which bring results today. Our missionbuilding and thanked the Lord for his mercies. That aries have three simple but wonderful touchstones

property at 14-2 Hiroo Cho, Azabu, in the heart of with the people they teach and which distinguish them the world's largest city, is still headquarters for the from most foreigners—they sleep on the floor, they

Northern Far East Mission. eat rice with chopsticks, and they speak Nihongo.

The opening of this headquarters marked the beThe language still appears almost impossible to ginning of a new era in Japan. The Lord has since learn when a new missionary touches down at the

poured out his Spirit upon the land. The first misgreat Haneda Airport on the outskirts of Tokyo.

sionaries to return gathered up the Saints who had But somehow with struggle and faith and much remained faithful during the long years of interrupprayer there comes a fulfilment of the words of the tion. These, with a few who had been taught and Risen Lord to the apostles of old—"they shall speak

baptized by men in the military service, became with new tongues."

a nucleus. Something of the depth of reaching for that power

The progress has not been dramatic, but it has is expressed in the words of a missionary heard spoken been consistent. The mission includes Okinawa of through tears of gratitude in a testimony meeting in

the Ryukyu Islands to the south. Branches of the Japan: "I was homesick. (Continued on page 198)

The cast of Mitama no Dendo, a drama concerning the life of Paul the Apostle, presented at the MIA session of conference by the

Tokyo Central and South branches.

'The day was Sunday, January 9, 1921. The place was "May the work prove joyous and a rich harvest of

the ancient Chinese city of Peking. David 0. McKay honest souls bring that peace to the workers'hearts

of the Council of the Twelve and Hugh J. Cannon, his which surpasseth all understanding."

traveling companion, were touring the missions of The Lord is today answering that remarkable prayer the world under assignment from the First Presidency. in behalf of the Chinese people.

In the course of their travels, having come over from China is the dominant power of East Asia. Its

Japan, they visited the Chinese capital. civilization reaches back thousands of years before

Elder McKay was impressed to dedicate the land Christ. Its contributions to the culture of the world

for the preaching of the gospel. The brethren knew have been numerous and significant. Its population

nothing of the city or its environs. They simply left of more than 650 million staggers the imagination.

their hotel and commenced walking. Directed, as they The major dialect of these millions, Mandarin, is

felt, by the Spirit of the Lord, they entered the old spoken by more people as a native tongue than any "Forbidden City"where they found a grove of cypress other language in the world.

trees. Two persons who happened to be in the grove Revolution, famine, plague, pestilence, and catasleft, and the elders found themselves alone in the trophes without number have taken dreadful tolls

midst of a city of more than a million people. They of human life and wrought incalculable misery in this

stopped at the base of a large tree, and Elder McKay vast area of Asia. Poverty, superstition, and fear have

declared, "This is the spot."bound the minds of the masses. But given opportunity,

"A reposeful peace hovered over the place which they have demonstrated great capacity. The Chinese

seemed already hallowed."Elder Cannon offered an are a people to be reckoned with. They are a people

opening prayer, and then Elder McKay lifted his voice worthy of the blessings of the gospel.

in a prayer of dedication. Of that prayer Elder CanMost of them cannot be reached at this time. The

non comments, "Never was the power of his calling mainland is communist and forbidden to our missionmore apparent."Among his words, spoken in that aries. But there are millions residing outside "the

great and ancient capital, are the following: Bamboo Curtain,"and among these a significant work

"... By the authority of the Holy Apostleship I is going forward.

dedicate and consecrate and set apart the Chinese Our missionary labors are concentrated in two realm for the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ areas—Hong Kong, where reside approximately three

as restored in this dispensation through the Prophet and onehalf million, and Taiwan, where reside

Joseph Smith. By this act shall the key be turned eleven million.

that unlocks the door through which thy chosen Hong Kong is a British Crown Colony. With its

servants shall enter, with the glad tidings of great red buses, its traffic "round-a-bouts,"cricket fields, joy to this ancient, cultured, though religiouslymis- displays of the Royal coat of arms, and scores of other

CHINA guided nation.... things "English,"Hong Kong in some respects appears

"Break the bonds of superstition, and may the young as British as Bristol. English is the official language,

men and the young women through upright, virtuous but fewer than ten percent speak it. Ninetyeight

lives and prayerful study, be prepared and inclined percent of its people are Chinese, the majority havto declare this message of salvation in their own ing been born on the mainland. The dominant lantongue to their fellow men.... guage is Cantonese, a dialect of South China. Rice is

"May the elders and sisters whom thou shalt call to the staple diet, chopsticks the major culinary tool.

this land as missionaries have keen insight into the Hong Kong is one of the unique and fascinating mental and spiritual state of the Chinese mind. Give cities of the world. The peaceful blend of East and

them special power and ability to approach this peoWest is a phenomenon in itself. People of the two

ple in such a manner as will make the proper appeal cultures work together with respect for one another to them. We beseech thee, O God, to reveal to thy and with a harmony that is a wonder to behold.

servants the best methods to adopt and the best plans It is the nerve center of the great trade routes of to follow in establishing thy work among this ancient, Southeast Asia, a strategic crossroads in the commerce traditionsteeped people. of the world. Impressive business buildings line its

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.1KMH

jAmmwgfi"3m 4f*%gmwmt,.

WJjwTr |H >.:.:-..-; y:: '::.-"S.

%i—

Above: Many Chinese in the British Below: Chinese children

Crown Colony of Hong Kong live, reenact the story of the eat, and sleep on sampans and Nativity at a Christmas junks such as these in the pageant in a branch of picturesque harbor at Aberdeen. the Church in Hong Kong.

-<$kft *&**<-".

*m *&&* -***

Above: A chapel in the Below: Sister Helen See, Above: Chinese members Below: On the island

New Territories north of age 17, Aberdeen from Hong Kong make of Taiwan, MIA group

Hong Kong on the mainland Branch, demonstrates sandwiches at branch eats lunch in the cool of China. Chinese dance. outing. of a cave.

waterfronts. The leading banks of the world maintain described the soldiers "as corrupt as vicious habits

offices here, but the masses live on the fringe of can make them."The few European civilians were

poverty. It is a refuge for hundreds of thousands who not interested in religion. The Chinese spoke a lanhave fled their oppressors and who today live in guage the elders could not comprehend. The heat

crowded resettlement flats that rise monotonously, was oppressive, and the food made them ill.

block on block, in one of the most remarkable housing They considered going elsewhere, but China was accomplishments ever undertaken. Squatters'shacks, in the throes of a revolution. After four months they

which once proliferated over the hills, are gradually returned home without reporting a single baptism.

disappearing as apartments are completed at the rate Ninetysix years were to pass. In 1949 the First

of one every fortyfive minutes. Presidency again announced the opening of missionary

The population is expected to number nearly four work among the Chinese. On July 14 of that year

million in 1966. The population density in some areas Elder Matthew Cowley of the Council of the Twelve

is almost unbelievable, reaching 2,800 people per acre. with Hilton A. Robertson, then presiding over the

Hong Kong is an island, known as Victoria; a peninwork in Japan, and Henry Aki, a ChineseAmerican

sula, known as Kowloon; and an area reaching into member of the Church from Honolulu, together with

the mainland and leased from China, known as the their wives, gathered on the "Peak,"the highest elevaNew Territories. Thriving branches of the Church are tion in Hong Kong. There in turn they prayed, invokfound in each of these areas. Behind their present ing the blessings of the Lord upon their labors.

status lies a fascinating history. Missionary work was begun on a modest basis. A

On August 28, 1852 a special conference was confew Chinese were baptized. Then, the following

vened in Salt Lake City, at the conclusion of which June, the Korean conflict broke out. The demands

were read the names of brethren called to foreign of the military draft sharply reduced the number of missions. A list of the areas to which they were asyoung men available for missionary service, and the

signed becomes an interesting commentary on the work in Hong Kong was discontinued.

courage and devotion of the Latterday Saints, who In 1955, more than a century after the initial effort at the time were still in a precarious position in the in Hong Kong, the Southern Far East Mission was valley in which they had arrived only five years created from a division of the Northern Far East Mispreviously. In that conference men were assigned to sion. H. Grant Heaton was named president. This

England, Ireland, Wales, France, Germany, Norway, really marked the beginning of the fulfilment of

Denmark, Gibraltar, Nova Scotia, West Indies, British President McKay's prayer of dedication. A mission

Guiana, Australia, Sandwich Isles, Hindustan, Siam, headquarters was established in Kowloon. It is a beauCape of Good Hope, and China. In imagination one tiful property of which the Church may be justly proud.

can sense the breathless tension in the congregation Missionaries were sent in appreciatye numbers, and a

President David 0. McKay dedicated China

for the preaching of the gospel in 1921

and the anxiety that gripped the hearts of wives and systematic program of proselyting was undertaken.

children as husbands and fathers were called to "these Here, as in all of the Orient, the language is a serious faraway places with the strangesounding names."problem. Cantonese is the major tongue of Hong

The following October 20, Hosea Stout, James Kong. It is difficult to learn. Like Mandarin, the

Lewis, and Chapman Duncan bade their loved ones meaning of the words is governed by the tones used farewell. They were nearly three months in reaching in speaking. The same word, spoken with different

San Francisco where they paused until spring to setones, conveys different meanings. But somehow,

cure means for passage. On March 8 they sailed under the inspiration of the Lord, our missionaries

through the Golden Gate and into the sunset of the learn to converse with the people in a remarkably wide Pacific. short time.

Seven weeks later, April 27, they arrived in Hong The Hong Kong membership now numbers more

Kong. Their reception was most discouraging. The than 2,400, organized into ten branches. The names of

colony was essentially a military garrison, having been these branches are an interesting mixture of English ceded to the British only eleven years earlier in and Chinese, as is almost everything in Hong Kong.

settlement of the Opium War. The missionaries Among them are the following: Causeway Bay, North

MARCH 1964 175 Point, Tsim Sha Tsui, Tsam Shui Po, Yuen Long. Chinese Saints, who, in fulfilment of President McThe most recently acquired property of the Church Kay's prayer of dedication, have broken "the bonds of

in this area is Kum Tong Hall. It was once the resisuperstition... and come out of the darkness of the

dence of a noted Chinese merchant, Sir Robert Tong. past into the glorious light now shining among the

It is a reinforced concrete structure with red brick children of men."

veneer, the brick having come from England. Its The first missionaries were sent to Taiwan in 1956.

balconies afford a remarkable view of the harbor, This island off the China coast, known more familiarly and from these during World War II its occupants as Formosa, is the seat of the government of the watched the bombing and strafing by Japanese planes Republic of China, referred to as Nationalist China that led to surrender of the colony and the trying years in distinction to Communist China.

of Japanese occupation. This historic building has It is a beautiful land with high mountains and a

been remodeled to include a beautiful chapel, a western coastal plain. This is the breadbasket of the

spacious cultural hall, classrooms, a baptismal font, nation, producing vast quantities of rice, sugar cane, and elders'quarters. and pineapple under the hands of skilled farmers who

The new Hong Kong City Hall is rented for disknow how to harness the potential of every ping of trict conferences. It is an inspirational experience to arable ground.

look into the faces of more than a thousand faithful Mandarin is the chief language of the Taiwan

Chinese. This creates problems in administration of

the mission since the two languages make it infeasible to transfer missionaries between the Hong Kong and

Taiwan areas. An elder who is assigned to one or the

other may expect to remain there for the full term of his mission.

We now have approximately 1,600 members in

Taiwan, gathered into thirteen branches scattered almost the entire length of the island. Last summer

ground was broken for a new chapel in Taipei, the capital of the republic. This beautiful building, the

equivalent of one of our stake centers, will be the first church building erected in the great Chinese realm.

It is a portent of things to come.

It, like other chapels in the Orient, is being constructed by building missionaries, young Chinese

Above: Kum Tong Hall, Charged with tending

overlooking Hong Kong her baby brother, this

Harbor contains chapel, Chinese girl carries classrooms, cultural hall, him on her back at font, elders'quarters. work and play.

members of the Church, working under the direction of a competent supervisor from the States. This supervisor, highly successful in the contracting business at

home, recently wrote: "These wonderful, simple, timid,

underprivileged people have humbled me. My sense

of values has changed. I know that happiness does not

come through wealth. For the first time in my life

I am completely happy and contented with myself, knowing that I am serving with all my mind and strength. All I ask is that the Lord will keep my rice

bowl full, give my family and me health, and I will serve without question or complaint."

The local building code required a bomb shelter under the chapel. Excavation was done by hand and

the dirt carried out as {Continued on page 200)

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Beaming over a sketch of the proposed This is a unique way to go to Primary, but Speaking Cantonese, Elders Heiner chapel for the North Taipei Branch are these two girls seem to enjoy it. and Heaton call on members of the

Pres. Chang Kao Chun (left), 1st Counselor With a bicycle and a little initiative some Church in the New Territories, north of

Lie Kuie (right), and Sec. Liang Shin An Filipino boys own their own businesses early. Hong Kong, on the Chinese mainland.

Historic old Fort Santiago, which On the 24th of July, twelveyear-old Using material and methods employed dates back to the days of Spanish rule, Lynda Grimm gives a flannelboard lesson by workmen over the centuries, labor in the Philippines, today lies in ruin, on the Mormon pioneers to her Primary missionaries repair tiled roof of mission a casualty of the war of the 1940's. class in Manila, Philippine Islands. home on the outskirts of Seoul, Korea.

On a city square near government From Victoria Peak the view of the Brothers and Sisters of the Sheung Shui buildings in Seoul, Korea, missionaries Hong Kong business district, the Branch of the Church on the Chinese mainpass out tracts and invite contacts magnificent harbor, and Kowloon land hold their meetings in a building to "learn more about the Church"across the bay is breathtaking. located about two miles from Red China.

Brother and Sister Masao and Hisako Watabe More than 135,000 "water people"in In the churchowned Kum Tong Hall on the ind children Masakazu, Seiko, Yasuko, and Hong Kong make junks and sampans their Island of Hong Kong, six young Chinese

VLasasue of the Yokohama Branch sing LDS permanent homes. This harbor bears the converts meet in a planning session to

tongs in Japanese at a family hour service. very unChinese name of "Aberdeen."talk over coming branch events.

It could be in the USA, South America, Relief Society sisters of the Tokyo North The mission home in Tokyo, Japan, or Europe, but it is in Taiwan—a young Branch work on a favorite project—the also doubles as mission headquarters. It

church member playing the guitar and making of lovely Japanese dolls which they is now being expanded as part of the labor singing while on a branch excursion. sell to help finance church undertakings. missionary program to make it more adequate.

In this American cemetery near Manila in Arrayed in their beautiful Filipino Young Chinese who live in an old the Philippines, 17,000 servicemen are dresses, three lovely Gleaner girls from walled village in the New Territories flock buried. Here also a meeting was held Manila: Nita, Emilie, and Corazon Reyes, around a missionary as he shows them an

initiating missionary work. demonstrate the charm of a local dance. object of interest.

Few areas of the world have seen so much of tragedy.

Few people have paid so terrible a price for independence. Washed by the Sea of Japan on the east,

the East China Sea on the south, and the Yellow Sea to the west, Korea hangs from the flank of Asia, a peninsula of 85,000 square miles, approximately the size of the state of Utah.

For centuries she has been a prize sought by the great powers that almost surround her—Japan, Russia,

and China. They have used her as a doormat in attacking one another and as booty in the spoils of war.

Weary of those who betrayed and victimized her, for 250 years she closed her borders to all foreigners, and was known as "The Hermit Kingdom."But no nation

can forever live unto itself, and in the latter half of the nineteenth century she was forced to open her ports and again became a tragic pawn in the vicious game of power politics.

In 1910 she was made a dependency of Japan. There

followed nearly forty years of Japanese domination, both burdensome and sorrowful for the Korean people. At the close of World War II she was granted

independence, but that, too, was a gift with a tragic barb. Those who determined her destiny divided the

nation at the thirtyeighth parallel. The northern area

was under communist domination. The south became

the Republic of Korea in August of 1948.

Chosun was the ancient name for Korea. It means

"Land of the Morning Calm."That calm was broken

on the morning of Sunday, June 25, 1950 with the shattering roar of artillery fire as communist forces crossed the 38th parallel in a savage attack on the south. Again the peninsula was drenched in blood.

Little Hong Me Sun, daughter of a convert family to the Church in Seoul, Korea.KOREA

An American soldier, on the second retreat from Seoul, lessly and where snows fall deep and linger late.

described it as "the war we can't win, we can't lose, Among those serving with the United States military we can't quit."forces were several hundred members of The Church of

On the outskirts of the city of Pusan is a cemetery, Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Whenever opporquiet, beautiful, and solemn. Here, above Christian tunity permitted, they turned to one another. Walking

crosses and the Turkish star and crescent, fly the flags constantly in the shadow of death, surrounded by the of the nations who contributed men and arms to the forces of evil, they longed to gather in Sacrament and cause of South Korea. It is a haunting reminder of the testimony meetings. The spirit of their singing, the

holocaust that swept the land until the uneasy armisearnest and simple pleadings of their prayers, the tice of 1953. solemnity of their testimonies, all bespoke their love

The ROK [Republic of Korea] forces suffered 300,- for the Lord and their appreciation one for another.

000 military casualties in the struggle. Two million Theirs was a brotherhood not previously seen by their

civilians were killed, wounded, or missing. Four Korean associates, some of whom were led to inquire.

hundred thousand homes were destroyed in a land Among these American servicemen were returned where in winter the cold Siberian wind sweeps relentmissionaries who taught those who came seeking.

MARCH 1964 179

Above: Missionaries Below: A Korean

in Korea often make contacts worker, with an "A-frame"at street meetings, where strapped to his back, pauses they attract many to read tract on a college students. street in Seoul.

Before long some sixty converts were meeting with their American brethren in camps scattered between

Seoul and Pusan.

Meanwhile the Lord was working his mysterious way with another Korean. Some months before the

attack on South Korea, Ho Jik Kim had gone to Cornell

University in Ithaca, New York, to work for an advanced degree in nutrition. Oliver Wayman, a member of the Church, was also at Cornell. He reached out

in friendship to the Korean student and invited him to attend meetings. Dr. Kim read the Book of Mormon, and the Spirit bore witness of its truth. When

Elder Wayman left, Don C. Wood, who was later to

preside over the Northwestern States Mission, continued the association. Dr. Kim was baptized July

29, 1951 in the Susquehanna River near the place the elders. This became a veritable beehive of learnwhere Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery had been ing. The Korean Saints brought friends for instruction.

baptized. He returned to Korea, and was immediately Meetings were held from morning till night. Most of

given high responsibility as an educator and scientist. those who studied the gospel were university students.

He also became a leader among the church group in The discomfort under which the missionaries lived was his native land. largely forgotten in their enthusiasm to teach those who

In 1955 President Joseph Fielding Smith of the came to learn. The Church made remarkable growth

Council of the Twelve visited the Orient under assignin terms of the number of missionaries available.

ment from the First Presidency. Retiring to a quiet On July 8, 1962 the Northern Far East Mission was

place on one of the hills surrounding the ancient divided to form the Korean Mission. Dr. Kim did

capital of Seoul, President Smith dedicated the land not live to see that hopedfor day. He passed away

for the preaching of the gospel. suddenly on August 31, 1959. His name will always

The country was included as a part of the Northoccupy a place of prominence in the annals of the ern Far East Mission, and it was determined that Church in the Orient.

some of the American missionaries laboring in Japan Korea continues as one of the more productive misshould be sent to Korea. But visas could not be sions of the world. Approximately thirty missionaries

secured. One could not qualify without a guarantee now labor there, and during 1963 they baptized an

of support from an established organization, and the average of almost twelve converts per missionary.

Church had no Korean organization. At length govConsistently more men than women have come into

ernment officials accepted Dr. Kim's personal guaranthe Church. It is an inspirational experience to attend

tee, and in April 1956 visas were granted for Elders a priesthood meeting and look into the faces of these

Richard L. Detton and Don G. Powell, the first to strong and intelligent men.

labor in the Korean District of the Northern Far East Exclusive of Americans in the armed sendees, the

Mission. They were met in Seoul by Dr. Kim and membership of the Church now exceeds 1,800. Most

some thirty other members of the Church who had of them are university students or university gradubeen praying for their coming. Six others entered ates. It is doubtful that a more highly educated

during the summer months, including Elder Gail E. membership can be found anywhere else in the world.

Carr, who later became the first president of the In the capital city of Seoul are five branches of the

Korean Mission. Church. Pusan, on the southern end of the peninsula,

The missionaries had learned Japanese, but they has two branches. A new branch was recently opened

knew nothing of Korean. President Carr describes the in the city of Taegu.

situation as follows: "The language was completely These Korean Saints are a remarkable people. Povnew to all of the missionaries. Available texts were erty still hangs over the land, the aftermath of the

Koreans printed with moveable type more than two hundred years before Gutenburg

limited and very poorly organized. Church literature occupation and war, with all else sacrificed to the

was not available, and it was necessary to rely on maintenance of one of the largest standing armies in

English tracts or Japanese translations in order to the world. Our own people have little in the way

teach the gospel. During the long years of Japanese of goods, but much in the way of selfrespect

occupation, the Korean people were forced to learn and independence.

that language, therefore most of the early members They are accustomed to hardship, and they are not could speak Japanese to the same degree of fluency without it even in the Church. Some months ago we

as they spoke Korean. Dr. Kim had been schooled in sat together in a district conference, several hundred

Japan. He spoke Japanese, Chinese, English, French, of us, and the temperature in the hall never rose above

and German equally as well as he spoke Korean. His twentysix degrees during the two hours of the meettranslations of the thirteen Articles of Faith, the Sacing. There was no complaining and no restlessness.

rament prayers, and other works are still in use in The Spirit of the Lord was felt in the prayers, in the

Korea today."testimonies, in the singing.

Living conditions were poor. Housing was at a How beautifully they sing. The Koreans have been

premium. Dr. Kim was able to rent a small home for called the "Welsh of the Orient."To hear them blend

MARCH 1964 181 rich and welltrained voices is an inspiration. Calm."It is the same uneasiness one feels in the

Meeting facilities are poor in comparison with those shadow of the wall in Berlin. It was created by the

in other parts of the world. But this will change. same forces of evil and hate.

The membership will assist in building structures United Nations troops still stand alert with a vast worthy of their faithfulness. arsenal in South Korea. Among them are Latterday

A large and beautiful site in Seoul was recently Saints, men of the same kind who during the war acquired as mission headquarters. It was once a came out of foxholes to meet together and worship the

recreation park. A cabaret has become a meeting Lord. Recently we gathered with some of our servhall. An old Korean residence has become a mission icemen in a testimony meeting. Tears welled in the

home and office. Soon modern facilities will rise in eyes of beribboned veterans as they partook of the

the shadow of the ancient wall that protected Seoul Sacrament of the Lord's Supper and then opened their in the longgone years when there were no airplanes, no missiles, none of the machinery of modern war.

Out beyond the Eastgate of the city a new chapel is under construction—the first to be built by the

Church in Korea. Locally called and maintained

building missionaries are laying concrete block walls under the tutelage of a dedicated builder from the

States. These young Koreans learn quickly. They

are alert and inventive. This is a natural trait with

them, for they come of a people who have made remarkable contributions over the centuries. Koreans

invented the spinning wheel in 1376. They printed

with movable type more than two hundred years before Gutenburg. They developed astronomical instruments in 1438 and the mariner's compass in 1535.

They wrote the first encyclopedia three hundred years before the French. They built the first ironclad ships

in the sixteenth century. They warmed their homes

with radiant heat fifteen hundred years ago. They

are part of a nation which centuries ago produced a culture without a peer.

Korea today still bears the marks of war. A fragile

Below: The servicemen's district presidency and council of the Korean Mission

meet in mission home in Seoul. They are I to r, Charles Greenwell,

James D. Taylor, Ottis M. Plant, Harold J. Moody, Hyrum L. Austin, Kenneth D. Roos,

Halver Lewis, and Gail E. Carr, mission president.

peace hangs over the land. The ancient nation is divided under the truce signed at Panmunjon on July

27, 1953. A belt two thousand meters wide reaches

across the peninsula from sea to sea. The rails, the

roads, and the telegraph lines end at the barbed wire.

In the center of the Demilitarized Zone (the DMZ) is a small cluster of buildings where meet the peace commission of neutral nations and the negotiators of both sides to compose little differences that could explode into catastrophic war. Beyond, to the north

and south, are the armed camps of both sides, where shots ring out occasionally as probing patrols are seen by those whose territory they try to explore.

We visited the DMZ in 1961 and felt the solemn uneasiness that hangs over "The Land of the Morning

hearts one to another. We have met with the Saints

in many lands, but never have we felt a greater appreciation for the Church, a deeper sense of gratitude than we did that recent Sunday morning in the quiet of an army chapel in the ancient city of Seoul, in a land where there has been so much of the curse of war, so much of the tragedy of conquest, so much of the bitter fruit of "man's inhumanity to man."How

marvelous in contrast is the power of the Spirit among those in Korea whose lives have been touched by the

Prince of Peace.

<KI i*m*

Below: A farmer in Above: The "ole swimrnin'Below: There are many Above: On the stage of

Korea takes two pigs to hole"in the River Han openair roadside the branch hall, market, tied on the in Korea accommodates markets such as this one young people in Seoul back of his bicycle. bathers of all ages. throughout Korea. rehearse for roadshow.

THE CHURCH IN THE ORIENT

The unique beauties of the Japanese parks, Seven members of the Manila Branch Relief Following a tropical storm, Elders Chapin gardens, and countryside are widely Society, who also make up the "Firelight"and Christensen, shoes and stockings in heralded. This scene was taken on Honshu class in Primary, happily inspect hand, return to their quarters at the Cavite.

Island near famous Fujiyama. achievement badges with their teacher. Branch near Manila in the Philippines.

Three converts to the Church, Brother The staple food of the Chinese diet is Waiting for a train to take them on an MIA

Chung Tai Pan, and Sisters Choi Jang rice, and rice paddies such as shown here beach outing, young members of the Church

Soon, and Choi Soon Hei, work on the on the north end of Taiwan (Formosa) are from Taipei shield themselves from the hot translation of manuals into Korean. a common sight throughout the Orient. July sun with their colorful umbrellas.

Atop a high mountain near the 38th A father and son labor missionary team, Youngsters of Primary age of parallel, Lt. Col. O. M. Plant, formerly Roy Johnson and Glen, of Yakima, Washington, the Tokyo West Branch, dressed in their

servicemen's dist. pres. for Korean work together on a church building in colorful kimonos, play their version

Mission, inspects missile launching site. Tokyo, Japan. of "London Bridge is falling down."

....., "i- "-jJJjB* h

1 'S8Bi8S8af8M!ttitfiiu:

"'""tJ

Hr R if!,y \v JBLLi '<**"-<fl

3&H 3ot

... '7jB| & *wsiS

KtB&jfrtokl m,, mI Hs** -"MMen play basketball in Japan, too. Sisters Lin Hin Kuan and Shen Yin leave In Seoul, Korea, Brother and Sister Hong

Here two groups square off for a practice the temporary chapel of the North Taipei and daughters, Youn Pyo, Oun Pyo, Sung Hee, session on the playgrounds of one Branch in Taiwan in a pedicab, and Me Sun visit the palace, former home of of the schools in Tokyo. following meeting. the once proud rulers of that land.

A youth choir, made up of Since missionary work started in t lie The colorful "Jeepney"is the popular mode young Chinese members, sing a variety Philippines in 1961, 590 converts have of transportation in Manila. Converted

of songs for conferences and other been baptized, many of them in this pool from the Americanmade Jeeps they are church functions in Hong Kong. at the Edward Grimm home in Manila. often used by missionaries.

From the New Territories one can look?irst lady missionaries in the Philippines, East does meet West, as a missionary

across rice paddies and fields flooded Carol Smithen, left, and Mary Ellen from the states gives instructions by the Sham Chun River into Red China Edmunds, read from Joseph Smith's Testimony to Miss Machiko Sonoda, a volunteer

Canton is about sixty miles away. while visiting investigators in Manila. worker on a new chapel in Tokyo.

. -v>

,,. * i Br'

THE PHILIPPINES

Bataan, Corregidor, Leyte, Lingayen Gulf—these are "Death March"to the prison camp in Tarlac.

names to stir the imagination with terror and rejoicThe invasion of the Philippines began December 8, ing. These and others were in the war news during 1941. Bataan was surrendered April 9, 1942. Corregithe dark years from 1941 through 1945. They are dor fell on May 7.

Philippine place names, as rich with a tradition of The Philippines were defeated and occupied. The

heroism as any on earth. United States was wounded, staggering, and on the

Corregidor is an island across the bay from Manila. defensive in the far Pacific. But slowly in the months

Bataan is a peninsula that reaches like an arm to enthat followed, the tide of battle turned. Great armadas

circle the harbor. Here, in the bleak days of Decemof ships traded deadly blows in battles of the seas,

ber 1941 and the early months of 1942, was as terrible seas which became the burial grounds of thousands of a siege and as brave a defense as is recorded in the young men who as boys in school geography classes history of war. Here 13,000 Americans and 30,000 had never even heard the strange names of the straits

Filipinos stood against enemy forces of 200,000. The and oceans, the bloody beaches and steaming jungles

tale of that historic stand is told in misery, hunger, where they died. Planes fell from the skies in those

disease, of waning hope, of bitter surrender, of the years, planes that locked in deadly combat over shark -

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA infested waters and enemyinfested islands. Armies his plane fall flaming into the sea. His name is cut

tore at each other wherever there was room to dig in stone to be remembered by those who know the a foxhole or fire a gun. On October 20, 1944, American peace for which he died.

troops landed in Leyte, and the liberation of the It was in this hallowed place that a few of us

Philippines began. gathered early in the morning of May 28, 1961. The

The seas are calm today. Jungles again cover the air was cool for Manila. A lazy wind drifted through

old air strips from which brave men flew to victory the colonnades. Maxine Grimm set up her little

and death. Unfailing tides rise and fall on beaches organ. Her feet touched the pedals, and her fingers

that were battlefields. On a knoll on the outskirts of touched the keys, and the very picture of this woman

Manila is a cemetery. It is a somber place, a place of seated there was reminiscent of a thousand memories

memory and hope, the largest American military of war.

cemetery outside the United States, a place of She had grown up in Tooele, Utah. She had joined

tragic beauty. the Red Cross. She had moved with the advancing

A simple chapel, small and chaste in white marble, American troops from the jungles of New Guinea, up crowns the elevation. Like great encircling arms, through the Philippines and into Japan. She had martwo colonnades reach out from each side. Broad ried Colonel Edward M. Grimm who had served on

lawns, acre after acre, slope toward the highway. General MacArthur's staff, who had distinguished himHere "row on row"stand the marble crosses that mark self in the long campaigns of the Pacific, and who was

the graves of 17,000 American dead. named commandant of the prison camps, responsible

One walks quietly in this sacred place. One walks for the care and rehabilitation of thousands of Ameriwith reverence and gratitude. One looks silently at cans and Filipinos who had been captured by the

beautiful mosaic maps of those terrible battles of the enemy and interned for months and years in foul and

Pacific. One pauses before the magnificent stone crowded quarters.

colonnades and reads these words carved in marble: This same organ had played hymns in hastily called

"Comrades in arms whose earthly resting place is meetings in scores of strange places where the army known only to God,"and "Some there be which have paused briefly and a few Mormon boys, aware of one no sepulchre. Their names liveth forever more."another's presence, had gathered to pray and sing, to

With bared heads we paused over the names. There partake of the Sacrament and to share testimonies one

are more than 36,000 of them, American and Filipino. with another. It had furnished the music for meetings

We found the name of one we knew, a boy who grew held in the Grimm home as more and more serviceup in our town, a boy who played ball and danced men had moved into Manila. Later, when meetings

and loved life, a boy who passed the Sacrament on were held in a school auditorium with as many as five

Sunday—and then went off to war. Comrades saw hundred in attendance, the little pump organ had

Above: Sister Maxine Grimm, also of Tooele, Utah, with Below: Filipino women are

son Edward and daughter Lynda, views ruins of Fort Santiago in experts with needle and

Manila, stark reminders of the war years when she was a Red thread, as these Relief

Cross worker in New Guinea and the Philippines. Society sisters demonstrate.

provided the accompaniment. The numbers had land, that they shall be friendly and hospitable, and

waned as the advancing armies had moved north to kind and gracious to those who shall come here, and

Okinawa and then on to Japan. that many—Yea, Lord, we pray that there shall be

Now, on this May morning of 1961, we were met many thousands who shall receive this message and to initiate missionary work in the Philippines. Presi- [be] blessed thereby. Wilt thou bless them with

dent Joseph Fielding Smith had dedicated the land receptive minds and understanding hearts, with faith for the preaching of the gospel August 21, 1955, at to receive, with courage to live the principles of the

Clark Field, the great American Air Base north of gospel, and with a desire to share with others the

Manila. But missionaries had not been permitted to blessings which they shall receive? We pray that

enter the country. there shall be many men—faithful, good, virtuous, true

Finally, six years later, the work of legally registermen who shall join the Church and receive the blessing the Church had been accomplished. We had ings of the priesthood, and who shall grow in leaderassurance that visas would be granted the elders. ship under the direction of those who hold the keys

The little group opened the meeting with William in this day and time, according to the law and order

W. Phelps'prophetic hymn: of thy Church."

Prayers of invocation and benediction were offered "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation. by Elders Donald G. Bowen and Theon Laney, the

No longer as strangers on earth need we roam. first representing the American civilian members of

Good tidings are sounding to us and each nation, the Church, the latter the American servicemen.

And shortly the hour of redemption will come."Those present on that historic occasion will never

forget the solemnity, the peace, the spirit of promise

President Robert S. Taylor of the Southern Far East felt that morning in this sacred place.

Mission conducted the meeting. Sister Maxine Grimm The government shortly thereafter granted visas for

reviewed the history of the church members who had four missionaries. They began their work in Manila

come and gone in the Philippines during the years of as pioneers in a new field. They had come from Hong

war. Brother David Lagman, the first native Filipino Kong where they had spoken Cantonese. Now they

to be ordained an elder, told of his conversion and could again teach in English, but with limitations.

bore his testimony of the divinity of the gospel. Elder English is the official language of the republic. InGordon B. Hinckley then spoke and offered a special terestingly enough, this nation in the far Pacific is

prayer invoking the blessings of the Lord upon the regarded as the third largest Englishspeaking counmissionaries and upon the land. Among the words of try in the world, outranked only by the United States

that prayer are the following: and England. Nevertheless, it is spoken by only a

"We invoke thy blessings upon the people of this third of the population. Many have supposed that

In front of this impressive marble chapel in the American military cemetery near Manila, services were held on May 28, 1961, to initiate missionary work in the Philippine Islands.

Below: Philippine District President Sgt. Leo W. Gillman with Above: Residents of Manila

his wife Faye and daughter Diane examine in cemetery near Manila a map do much of their shopping of one of the great battles of the Pacific. A number of LDS servicemen in this large market where

and their families are stationed in the Philippines. "anything"can be bought.

Spanish would be widely spoken after more than three centures of Spanish rule, but it is estimated that only about 500,000 out of a population of twentynine million speak Spanish.

Tagalog is the major dialect, and our missionaries have learned that the ability to converse in this language is a great asset to the work. In the Philippines as

elsewhere people enjoy hearing the gospel taught in their native tongue. Six other dialects, each spoken by

large groups, complicate the problem of teaching the people.

With a limited number of missionaries, the work has been concentrated largely in Manila and its contiguous communities, Pasay City and Quezon City.

Two branches of Filipino ( Continued on page 210

A stronghold of defense in the Far East, Okinawa is a new field for missionary work.EPILOGUE

Those who have read these brief reviews of the work they served as missionaries. Since then hundreds of

of the Church in the Orient doubtless have been aware other faithful young men and women have left home of the part played by American servicemen in laying and family, comfort and security, to spread the light the modest foundations from which have grown thrivof eternal truth in this part of the world.

ing missions. Man's greatest folly, war, became the To his disciples of old, Jesus declared: "Ye have not

Lord's opportunity to build a kingdom of peace. Genchosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained

eration after generation whose lives have been and you...."(John 15:16.) It has been so with these

will be blessed must be eternally grateful to those modernday ambassadors of the Lord. They have

faithful men trained in the art of battle, who, whether gone where they have been called to go. Their labor

as comrades in arms or as victors in conquest, taught has not been easy, but it has been fruitful. The lives

the gospel of the Master by example and precept. they have touched have been miraculously changed,

Some of those who served in uniform later returned for there has come into the hearts of their converts as missionaries. Their understanding of the people an unwavering conviction that God lives and that

of these strange lands developed while they served Jesus is the Christ.

as soldiers, ripened to appreciation and love while The teaching of the gospel in the languages of this

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Top: Korean mission labor A family of Top: Chinese boys honor District conferences

supervisor Kenneth Roos recent converts in their priesthood for Chinese members with building missionary Taipei, Taiwan, pose and perform ordinances in Hong Kong are held at work near mission home. in front of chapel. with dignity. in the new city hall.

vast area—Japanese, Korean, Cantonese, Mandarin, Okamachi, Fukuoka,

and Tagalog—and the acceptance of that teaching, Naha, Taegu, Kao

become witnesses of the divine calling of the Prophet Hsiung, Quezon

Joseph. In the dark winter of 1839, in the misery of City, and Shatin.

a basement jail in the little town of Liberty, Missouri, And all of this bethese remarkable words of prophecy were spoken comes a promise of concerning him: "The ends of the earth shall inquire greater things to

after thy name, and fools shall have thee in derision, come when the and hell shall rage against thee; Lord, in his wisdom,

"While the pure in heart, and the wise, and the shall open others of noble, and the virtuous, shall seek counsel, and authorthe nations of the ity, and blessings constantly from under thy hand."earth in fulfilment

(D&C 122:1-2.) of his promises, for

One witnesses the fulfilment of that prophecy in the blessings of gatherings of the Saints in such places as Sapporo, his children. Seoul, Korea

MARCH 1964 191 ELDER GORDON B. HINCKLEY

Of The Council of the Twelve President HawaiianOriental Missions

NORTHERN

SOUTHERN FAR EAST MISSION KOREAN MISSION FAR EAST MISSION

K0WL00N. HONG KONG Church Statistics, December 31. 1963 SEOUL;,: TOKYO. JAPAN

t> -- i Mission Headquarters HongMembership:Kong: 2,448 Mission Headquarters CT Mission Headquarters

Convert 1963: 652 baptisms

JAY A. QUEALY, JR. Av. no. of missionaries a month: 72 GAIL E. CARR /, DWAYNE N. ANDERSEN

President Number of branches: 12 President flk J afeta President

Area: Churchowned buildings: 8 Area: 37.427 square miles Population:

Hong Kong: 391 sq. miles Chapels under construction: Japan: 95.300,000 (Gov. est. 1962)

Taiwan (Formosa): 13,886 sq. miles Taiwan (Formosa): Population: 26.300,000 (Census. 1962) Okinawa (Ryukyu Islands): 903,000

1,606 Philippines: 115,758 sq. miles Membership:

Major Language: Korean Major Language: Japanese

Convert baptisms 1963: 523

Population: Av. no. of missionaries a month: 51 Church Statistics, December 31, 1963 Church Statistics, December 31, 1963

Hong Kong: 3.410.000 (Est. 1962) Number of branches: 12 Membership: 1,993 Membership: 8.573

Taiwan (Formosa): 11,612,000 Churchowned buildings: Convert baptisms 1963: 321 Convert baptisms 1963: 1,475

(Gov. est. 1963) Chapels under construction: 1 Av. no. of missionaries a month: 29 Av. no. of missionaries a month: 177

Philippines: 29,698,000 (UN est. 1962) Philippines: Number of branches: 9 Number of branches: 29

Membership: 590 Churchowned buildings: 7 Churchowned buildings: 18

Convert baptisms 1963: 236 Chapels under construction: 1 Chapels under construction: 3

Major Language: Av. no. of missionaries a month 17

Hong Kong: Cantonese Number of branches: 5

Taiwan (Formosa): Mandarin Churchowned buildings:

Philippines: English, Tagalog Chapels under construction:

CHINA

Kowloon HONG KONG

INDOCHINA VIET NAM TH

Saigon

Manila

MALA >

ingapore NORTH KOREA

KOREA

Tokyo

JAPAN

Taipei TAIWAN Formosa OKINAWA

IN THE ORIENTCHURCH

PHILIPPINES

BY MARGARET P. CHILDS

COLLEGE OF FAMILY LIVING, BYU CLOTHING AND TEXTILES. Beware

"How much do I need to know to be a wise shopper the garment stand tumbledrying? At what temperafor my family's clothing! It seems that I don't know ture? If the label says "hand wash only"does it

anything, and I never seem to learn enough to avoid require dripdrying? What temperature is required

the pitfalls."Sandra's expression of desperation is for ironing or pressing? Many articles of clothing are

typical of many we hear, and it is not too surprising disappointing because they are not properly cared that we do hear complaints, with changes in textile for. If a customer is informed by the label what

fibers, finishes, and in fabric and garment construction care is required, she can decide for herself whether taking place so rapidly. Most of us are confused. We or not the garment would be practical in her houseare not wellacquainted with one fiber until another hold or if it would require too much special handling.

improves or replaces it. Familiarlooking fabrics beSometimes fabrics which are washable are made

have in strange ways as new finishes alter their into garments that cannot be washed. If thread,

character. Labels on merchandise make extravagant linings, interfacings, and trims are not completely

claims; this we have learned from sad experience to washable, then there is no advantage to a washable

partially distrust. fabric. A few manufacturers of readyto-wear have

Even sales people find it very difficult to keep up been guilty of careless labeling of such merchandise, to date on the merchandise they sell. Many who and the garments have not lived up to claims. Such

would not deliberately give false information do so articles should be returned through the merchant from a lack of sufficient information or understanding. to the manufacturer for price refunds.

The best single help for any of us is good informaAnother feature of a good label is a clear statement tive labeling. Considerable time and money have about special finishes which affect the behavior of

been expended in the past few years to improve the the article. But one needs to read what the label

labeling of textile products. Merchants, manufacreally says and not just what it appears to say.

turers, testing companies, home economists, and For example, "waterrepellent"does not mean watergovernment agencies, both national and international, proof, but is often a more suitable finish. "Creasehave cooperated to give accurate information in clear, resistant"would more accurately read "wrinkleconcise statements. But, frankly, the response has recovery"since the finish assists a garment in loosing

been disappointing. Customers just don't bother to its wrinkles rather than preventing wrinkling. Fire

read the labels. Even worse, they complain about and scorch retardant finishes retard rather than

the nuisance of tags being attached. However, even prevent damage. "Permanent pleating"is permanent

the conscientious customer can sometimes read withunder certain qualified conditions. "Stain repellent"

out understanding all a label has to tell. is an effective finish unless the finish washes out or

What help does a good label give, and how can a is removed by dry cleaning. Insulative finishes are

customer read the real meaning of the information it effective in still air but useless in windy weather.

offers? Can a customer depend upon the information Some finishes can improve the absorbancy of fabrics.

being accurate? If merchandise doesn't live up to claims Others inhibit the growth of bacteria and fungus and

made on the label has the customer any recourse? the odors they cause. Finishes that control shrinkage

How does one go about claiming malperformance? are desirable, but residual shrinkage should be stated

A good label gives instructions concerning the on the label and for most garments should not care of a garment. A customer needs to know if an exceed IV2 percent. All special finishes are useful under

article must be drycleaned or if it is washable. If it certain conditions, but the customer has a right to

is washable, can it be machine washed through the know when he is paying for special finishes. Many

entire wash cycle or must it be drip dried? Is it safe of them cannot be identified except by the label.

to use bleaches? What kinds are recommended? Can Some manufacturers, recognizing how superficially

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be aware of

many of us read labels, prefer to emphasize a brand and give a silky hand to fabrics. Caprolan and 501

name which will lead a customer to believe all his nylons are textured, bulky, and durable.

imagination will suggest about the degree of satisThe acrylic fiber family includes Creslan, Acrilan, factory service a finish will give. Customers should Acrilan Spectran, Orion, and Orion Sayelle. These

insist upon knowing how satisfactory a performance durable fibers are popular in sweaters, blankets, the merchant will guarantee before making a purcarpets, draperies, skirts, and slacks. They can make

chase. If the merchant makes no guarantees and warm, fluffy furlike fabrics, or produce sheer lingerie.

the label is not specific, then the worst should be Glass curtains of these fibers withstand sunlight anticipated. What the label does not say is very degradation remarkably well. Usually the acrylics

significant. For example, permanent sizing and are better washed than drycleaned. Labels should

creaseresistant finishes save time and improve the state the necessary care.

appearance of fabrics, but often shorten the wearlife Modacrylics are closely related to acrylics, except of an article. If the label makes no claim of improved that they are more heat sensitive and cannot be

wear, it is safe to assume that the finish decreases ironed. They are often combined with acrylics to

durability of the fabric. produce fur fabrics. Dynel and Verel are the most

A third important feature of good labels is a listing common trade names of the modacrylics.

of all fibers present in any textile product. Thanks to Polyester fibers Dacron, Fortrel, Kodel, and Vycron

the new Textile Fiber Products Identification Act, hold sharp pleats and creases, wear well, wash easily, manufacturers are now required to identify all fibers and dry quickly. They blend well with wool to reduce

used, give the percentage of each fiber and its generic the cost of worsted fabrics and with cotton to pro- (or family) name, as well as the brand name of the duce remarkable wash and wear fabrics.

fiber. This is helping to reduce the disappointment The spandex fibers, Lycra and Vyrene, are recent

caused by errors in judgment such as mistaking on the market, but already popular for foundation acetate for silk, or rayon for linen. garments, bathing suits, stretch pants, and similar

Sixteen generic groups include all the scores of items. When stretching power is required, they are

manufactured fibers which have been so confusing more restraining, lighter in weight, and more durable in the past. If one is acquainted with characteristics than fabrics using rubber.

of a generic group the fiber performance can be preThe olefins will soon be available on the American dicted. Several of the sixteen generic groups of market. These are remarkably light in weight for

fibers are not suitable for clothing. These are fibertheir bulk and are quite inexpensive. They are strong,

glass, saran, vinyon, and vinal. Rubber and metallic durable, and chemically inactive, but are sensitive to

fibers are limited in their use. Azlons and nytril heat so will therefore be used in such noiron fabrics

fibers are currently being manufactured in this counas knits, carpets, and blankets.

try. Rayons and acetates are old friends and the When labels do not give sufficient help about necesolefins are just beginning to be produced. This sary care, performance features, and fiber content ask

leaves only five groups of fibers with which we could for more information from your sales person. Even

profit by better acquaintance. when he can give no more help, he will in turn ask

When the label reads "nylon,"we know the fiber for more. When the message gets through to the

will be strong and resilient. It may be found in a manufacturer that the buying public wants and uses

wide variety of fabrics from sheer hose and lingerie good labels, he will be more willing to go to the extra to bulky stretch sox and sweaters, or hard wearing expense and trouble to provide them. Business is

woollike carpets. New names in the nylon family built upon satisfied customers and repeat sales; we

include Cadon and Antron. These are more absorbent do ourselves a favor by being aware of labels.

MARCH 1964 195 Crocus, hyacinth,, and daffodil

Are first to wake with heavenly thrill, Annual Then tulips break the hands of sleep

breeze the iris nextResurrection ToIn blessscentedwith colors—pale and deep;

appears BY A. N. LEONARD With song of bees to greet our ears;

As from the dead, the trees awake,

Put forth their buds and blooms, and make The cooling shade for other beds

Of tiny plants to raise their heads.

Violets, pansies, pinks, forgetme-not

All witness work which God hath wrought.

With summer warmth the asters bloom, And scarlet rose with sweet perfume;

Now it's warm midsummer day—

Those rioting zinnias here to stay;

Starlike, the water lilies skim the waves A newness of life from watery graves; The evening primrose scents the airThat wild aroma ever there.

Insects'songs at eventide Make music for a moonlight glide;

Last, but not least, to flower out,

Chrysanthemums, their glorious blossoms flout

The autumn frost and wintry blasts

And flaunt their colors to the last.

Then, all too soon, the summers flown To sleep again—in solitude alone;

And here I sit in deep reflection

With abiding faith in that Greater Resurrection!

NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN PAYS $100 WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drinksickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. or liquor everything On Fill application mail right below out and so for pay premiums why fully amazingly low you're protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! begins mailed. at promptly Coverage noon in see newspaperEvery day your you policy. of date deon effective your Don't 3. for loss benefits evidence that drinking and smokingmore Other lay. people enter almost Every 50,000 day life. of They'reshorten one America's now of 90 accident within days hospitals. protection get now. your Soleading prime health cause problems—a policy). described in (as $2000 pay We hospitaliof rates high the most premium for accidental death. cash $2000 cash Or

policies charge.zation foot, of or loss sight of for hand, one one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

for loss of eye. policy carefully. mincash overyour Read your both $6000 Ask one Or are rates based on your Our ister, it. doctor sure lawyer examine and Be feet. or eyes, hands, both both

it it provides exactly Then, what say towe health, superior all satisat reason if for not are any you 100%does. nondrinkeras a nonsmoker. and The to just policy within mail back your us invite close 30 comparison We

will immediately fied,days and refund enwe your Hospitalizanew American Temperance plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offertion low unbelievably Plan can you

. dollars risk gain nothing. thousands..you of is like ours. other comActually, But no accept drinkersrates because not do we

rates. save. pare See you what Also, rates. high cause smokers,and who

your premiums can never be raised befE havecause older or you grow too many TEAR OUT AND MAR TODAY f!? /rSJOOJLAclaims. rate adjustment a general Only

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD Zone..County..State.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height Weight in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship,

carry. We send you our payments Air 1 also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, except pregnancy, war or miliany act of tary service, accidents preexisting or Toandthefreebestfromof anyyourphysicalknowledgeimpairment,and belief,or disease?are you andYesalljnembersNo listed above in good health To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above plisted had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include your first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please stating person affected, cause, date, name and address Nopremium with application. Yes

fully recovered. physician,D whether of attending and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays $2 $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written questions. answers to the above $380 1964 pays $38

Date Signed: X

adult Each ATIAT $590 65100 pays *59 this with application to Mail your first premium

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATESInc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

MARCH 1964 197 The climate is rigorous, and imIt is an industrial giant whose rise

Japan poses serious burdens. The summer from the ashes of war has been a

heat is debilitating. The winters are miracle unequalled anywhere else

( Continued from page 171 cold. In 1962 our elders walked paths in the world and comparable only

cut through snow piled ten feet to that of West Germany. Its teemdeep. Little hibachi stoves or odoring cities roar with traffic, as stifling

I could not learn the language. I ous kerosene heaters provide the and frustrating as any on earth.

wept in my despair. I pleaded with only comfort. Then comes spring Its people are ambitious, courtethe Lord. I fasted, and, oh, how I with a beauty all its own in Japan. ous, friendly. And as the gospel

pleaded. And then miraculously my It is a lovely land of great mountouches their lives, they are faithful

homesickness left me, and I have tains, of clear waters, of neatlytilled with a great love for the Lord and never felt it since, and now Japanese fields, more fertile and productive his ways.

seems like a language I learned long now than they were when tilled a The Saints have just completed ago that is coming back to me."thousand years ago. three new chapels in Tokyo, constructed by building missionaries.

They are a credit to the Church, the beginning of a great program which must go forward to meet the needs of the burgeoning membership in this land of the far Pacific.

ON RETURNING TO ROUTINE areApproximatelyin the mission 160today—twicemissionariesthe

number who served in Japan between 1901 and 1924. The incumbent president, Dwayne N. Andersen,

RICHARD L. EVANS was hit by shrapnel while serving as

an American Gl in the terrible battle

Last week we closed with this line: The past is to learn from, but not to along the Shuri line in Okinawa, more than 12,000 when Americanslive since then, returning seven have days somewhat along moved in. We were killed than and more 36,000 it routine. thatto resolve lose perspective or firm is important not But we

or the deep desire to do and be better. "Build thee more stately mansions, wounded. He has returned with

1 is more than a line of finely phrased love in his heart for the people heO my soul, As the swift seasons roll!"

poetry. It suggests we must not be indifferent, or resigned, or smugly

satisfied with ourselves. "I fear the contented man,"said an eminent author. COMPROMISE

"I fear him because there is no progress unless there is discontent...."2 BY PAUL ARMSTRONG

Following through an honest resolve to learn, to improve, to change, to reform, to modify habits was never altogether easy. "A cobweb is as good

as the mightiest cable when there is no strain on it,"3 said Henry Ward She protests, He confers;Beecher. This would imply that we could live in tranquility and peace She goes her way,

if problems. problems. But have had no we we all And cobwebs

hers. goes can't Hecarry strength, the them. develop the character, the ability all need to We

to meet life and adjust ourselves to its difficulties—and also to its opporlinetunities. ties this Another from to Robert Louis Stevenson same in the once battle. roar faced of He theme.thought cannot said. run a "You and weakness,"from he away

is of typical of hundreds Mormon it if fight perish, or so, that out sometime"You not must and be why now servicemen stationed have been who of stand?"the suggests you which of resolving where toand wisdom 4—all in contributed have They Japan. should to changed,change and can be improve what should what can and of tens of dollars thousands from

to firm, improved, begin shouldbe what standing can and begun; be facing

their earnings the meager towardfacts, live to learning ourselves. with and with them and cannot "You run of construction chapels to used be

It to of weakness."a from question a or comesaway whether not are we their sisbrethren by Japanese andin of is else or control ourselves in whether control something us. of "The

ters. have the taught They them

is this, falls first fall of self,"5 the of one'ssupreme said doubt an eminent gospel. in have They worked hand ofsource. All at times us others, lean on also but to learn must lean we

to build with the kinghand them ourselves, better better.on and do be and suggests Summary repeating

of in land. that dom God

is significant sentences:these to past learn in. live from, to not "I The

of in dedication In his prayer 1901 superficially thefear contented man."cannot "You run from away a weakPresident the of the Grant "by powerness. fight perish, sometime it out or must if that You and be so, why the not priesthood of and in Jesus, name stand?"and wherenow you commanded Satan to release his hold

101iver Wendell Holmes, "Chambered Nautilus."upon the minds of the people and

2John P. Marquard. rebuked him in his efforts to overBeecher.aHenry Ward

Louis Stevenson. come the work of the Lord in4Robert

"Countess de Gasparin (181394), French author. this land."

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia The sun has risen on the day of

Broadcasting System, January 5, 1964. Copyright 1964. fulfilment of that apostolic prayer.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We like doing business with Murray Black

And he likes Standard's policy of supporting local business If you had an oil well out in the ocean, as Standard While his services are unique, he is only one of some often does, you'd find Murray Black a useful man. 18,000 individual suppliers from whom Standard

He helps to build, and also services, underwater oil buys goods and services every year. Many are small,

wells and pipelines. independent operators such as Murray Black.

Murray is not a Standard employee...he's an Standard's purpose is to spread its purchasing as

independent contractor, with five other deepsea widely as possible, so that its dollars help to build divers on his payroll, and thousands of dollars of many local businesses and communities.

his own money tied up in equipment. Our annual shopping list is more than 50,000 items

He started specifically to serve Standard's offshore long. As our dollars flow into your community

drilling operations near Santa Barbara, and, from through local purchases, they help its whole econthis small, local beginning, has become one of the omy. And the benefit, sooner or

busiest submarine contractors on the West Coast. later, reaches out to you.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MARCH 1964 199 With enthusiasm they have reIt is to be hoped that the articulaChina spondeddevotion theyto havemissiontaughtcalls;the gospelwith tioncampaign,of thisvociferouslyissue inin Actsthe I 1964and

to their people. Many more will II, and pervading Act III, may also

(Continued from page 176) do likewise. examine the factual roots of the

A new and even more significant matter, namely, the substantial forces thing has happened. We have sent that have produced Big Government,

the Chinese have moved countless hundreds of missionaries to the Big Labor, Big Business, Big Agritons of earth since time immemorial Chinese from America. Recently culture, and Big Professional Assoin little straw baskets suspended four Chinese elders came to the ciations in this Big Country. When

from, a carrying pole balanced across United States from Hong Kong. Act III is over, and life really begins

the shoulders. Concrete block walls Able, devoted, and faithful, they for the next administration, new or

are now rising on this structure carry in their hearts that same testiold, those forces will still be there which will become the center of mony and that same desire to share to be faced: the scientific revoluactivity among the Church memberthe gospel as do their associates the tions; industrialization; urbanization

ship in China. world over. Two are laboring in Hain metropolitan megalopolii; rapid

But the Chinese alone will not use waii, the other two in San Francisco. transit; automation; and the populait. Taiwan, like Korea, is a bastion The foundation of a great work tion explosion, among others. Which

of military strength in the defense has been laid among the Chinese of bureau shall be eliminated, reduced, against communism. Jets roar over East Asia. The future of the Church or made more efficient at lower cost?

rice paddies where water buffalo among the millions who live in this Which policy shall be revised?

stolidly draw plows of ancient vinpart of the earth is unlimited, for Which philosophy regarding military tage. Deadly warheads rise from these, too, are our Father's children, economics shall prevail? Nuclear

fields on the outskirts of quiet vilworthy of his choicest blessings, and forces? Nonnuclear forces? Manned

lages where chickens and ducks and grateful, deeply grateful when they aircraft? Nonmanned aircraft and

happy Chinese children play as they receive them. rocketry? Some? All? What prohave played for centuries. portions? Each individual may conAmerican servicemen work with sult his own interests, and not the

Chinese servicemen. Among them other fellow's in the US Government

are members of the Church who These Times Manual, and then decide how much meet in priesthood and Sacrament government he, and not the other meetings, who study together in (Continued from page 149) fellow, can do without in these

Sunday School, who pay their tithes times. ( If this decision is made away

and contribute to the building fund, reduce the role of government. But from home, it is suggested that the

and who, in free hours, work on the it was clear that he felt that the decisionmaker walk home rather new chapel. "extension"of government was due than drive his car, as a thoughtful

In lands such as this, one soon to a sort of "endless drift,"and that laboratory exercise in greater indecomes to realize that acceptance of he stood for "an emphasis on individpendence.) Such selfstudy and

the gospel of Jesus Christ is the one ual liberty"rather than "extension analysis might make a marked conthing that will save the world. A of gov6rnment power."tribution to the 1964 campaign in

Chinese woman commented, "We Since Franklin D. Roosevelt deAmerica. It would also contribute to

love the missionaries because they feated Alf M. Landon in 1936 (on a wider sharing, by the citizenry, of

love us and treat us as equals. Other the issue that individual liberty and the awesome responsibility which

foreigners treat us like dirt under wellbeing required "extension"of descends, on election night, on any their feet in our own land."There governmental services), the majority election night, to those who are

doubtless are exceptions to this genof both major parties appear to have called "the winners."

eralization, but she spoke out of an accepted, when necessary, the careThe next step would be to exexperience shared by many. And a ful augmenting, rather than reducing, amine the procedures, and examine

missionary, bearing testimony in the role of government. Both, meanthem carefully, by which our local

Taipei, said: "I thank the Lord for time, have extolled the preservation districts, municipal corporations,

eyes to see, and mouth to speak, and and enhancement of individual libstate and national governments, their feet to carry me from door to door erty as a purpose. But there have legislatures and administrative bodto teach the gospel of Jesus Christ also, constantly, been those who ies, make the decisions which add to

to these wonderful people of China."stood for Mr. Landon in his defeat, the burdens and tasks of governIn 1921 President McKay peti523 electoral votes to 8 (27,476,000 ment. We will probably find, with

tioned: "Grant, our Father, that to 16,679,000 popular votes) in 1936, few exceptions, that most individuals

these young men and women may, who demand reduction. The inwant something for themselves.

through upright, virtuous lives and heritors in 1964 of the Landon oppoBeset with the demands of these prayerful study, be prepared and insition to the New Deal have expressed free individuals, ever increasing in clined to declare this message of the view that if a clear ( rather than numbers and desires, perhaps a salvation in their own tongue to their a "me too") choice were offered, major task of those individuals who fellow men."their position, if not vindicated by a constitute the government is to try

More than a score of our young, majority, would be strengthened by and convince the rest of us that faithful Chinese have served fullan outpouring of individual sentiwhen we cannot solve our own inditime missions among their people. ment opposed to Big Government. vidual problems, we need to be more

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Products for leisure living come to you on Union Pacific... the

Many products that provide pleasure for your leisure hours, from comfortable furniture to crystalclear television—whether big or small,

durable or perishable—are brought to you

the automated ra[l way.

Throughout the West, the Union Pacific Railroad carries these products safely and swiftly.

Skilled personnel, backed by modern electronic communications and traffic controls,assures maximum shipping efficiency. UNION PACIFIC

Whatever, whenever... you ship from, to and SEE THE WEST FROM A DOMELINER. SUPERBthroughout the West... be specific—route MEALS. FAMILY FARES. BIG BAGGAGE ALLOWANCE.

Union Pacific. VACATION STOPOVER PRIVILEGES.

MARCH 1964 20 inventiVe, devise or use other social institutions in the hope that they can render certain services at least as efficiently, if not more so, than our governments. Or we can go

without. Perhaps in America, like

our bounteous agriculture and suritsWunderbarl for insurance salesmen plus food supply, our governments are more efficient than we really realize. They have had a lot of

attention since the reformers went

If you're a returned missionary now sellto work after the Civil War. Maybe

ing insurance and long for the chance part of the answer is to concentrate to return to Europe...OR...you haven't on some of our nongovernmental debeen to Europe but you've heard about vices. Who knows? Does 1964

SOME FACTS the Wunderbar (pardon us) Wonderful promise wiser, more fundamental financial opportunity there...this mesinquiry? It promises opportunity for

to the "into get everybody is better nearly for you. of no know ABOUT A VERY sage We

II, or Act I, Act Act act,"whether traveled being that than road to success rethe show, III. But after we must agents. our European by We call

life life begins. of it member, The market... and Europe's UNCOMMON

also durhas government gone on why! here's

ing the show itself. M A PROVEN SALES PATTERN... You deal

MARKET! with military career personnel only.

Our representatives in Europe averaged $930,000 of face amount production in only 8 months of 1963. LIFT UP THINE HANDS

MUCH MORE MONEY... You receive BY ROMA HEATON I ITTI EFIEI D

high commissions plus generous persistency bonuses.

TAX FREE INCOME... You experience Blessed lad, ye do hold

a once in a lifetime personal financial Our Lord's Sacrament in thy hands.

opportunity. And as the bread ye prepare to

CAPTIVATING ENVIRONMENT... You break,

live and sell in an atmosphere once Do ye realize and understand known only to rich tourists. What power and honor belong to

But like they say, "the proof of the pudthee, ding is in the eating,"and our EuroMore power than if ye ruled this pean District Manager can document land?

the story for you. He'll be in Salt Lake

City March 1 through 7. He would be As the bowl of water, clear, they

pleased to talk with you. Write right bring,

now (or call, since time is short), and To cleanse thy hands of earth's slight we'll arrange an interview. This is a touch,

select sales force. All of our agents in Do ye wonder what might still cling

Europe are active LDS Church members. Uncleansed from trials that proved

P. 0. Box 2520 too much?

Salt Lake City, Utah Telephone HU 7-7411, Ext. 34 INSURANCE COMPANY As thy mouth doth utter words

To bless the broken bread, Is thy heart full broken too >u ve ARE YOU GOING TO EUROPE? Andsaid?mindful of the words v

Have You a Missionary Returning Home?

And as ye bless the water clear,

Why not bring home an elegant Does thy heart with sorrow teem

MercedesBenz, at the lowest For blood thy Lord freely spilt

European retail price? (The savThat thy soul he might redeem?

ing can pay for a good part of your trip). We will honor the AsWithye serpentwalk throughoutnagging everyeachsense,day

Warranty and service your car Think of the things thy hands shall when you are back home. Ask do

us for details. And prepare them for the Sabbath

KEN GARFF IMPORTS hence.

525 So. State St. DA 8-8541 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA firstclassNow! Go

...go Phillips 66!

(It costs no more)

Firstclass service! Like the redFirst-class products! Phillips gasFirst-class stations! Phillips stacarpet treatment? You'll get it at Phillips olines actually have power to sparetions look firstclass—clean, bright,

66—with a big, warm welcome and give free rein to all the horsepower the neat and modern. (That goes for Phillips

cheerful, expert service. When it manufacturer built into your car. TropCertified Clean Rest Rooms, too.) So

comes to taking care of your car, your Artic"Motor Oil is one of the finest ever if you think it's more fun to travel firstPhillips 66 dealer is a real pro. produced—anywhere, by anybody. class, stop at the Phillips 66 Shield I

MARCH 1964 203 How Effective Are the regularly. They should not be used in David's place?"Students cannot

solely at the end of a teacher's long react unless they know how David

Questions You Ask? lecture. Neither should they be reacted toward Saul. Inherent in

confined to the beginning of a class their reply will be an answer to the (Continued from page 161) or to a limited area of the lesson. factelement in the question as well

Skilful and consistent questioning is as a valuejudgment which will aphighly effective in achieving conply the principle under discussion humble followers the most profound tinuous maturation. to their own lives.

of eternal truths. It would be most Facts are most easily learned and Effective questions provide opporprofitable for the teacher to go used if they are tied to a "value"tunity for variable answers. While

through the New Testament and element either in a question or in a "yes"and "no"answer questions note the prolific and productive use sequence of questions. For examhave their place, they should be used

the Master Teacher made of the art ple, you as a teacher might ask, sparingly. Students answer such

of questioning. "Explain how you think you would questions quickly, without too much

What are the characteristics of efhave treated Saul if you had been thought and with a minimum of perfective questioning? First of all, an

effective question must be specific.

Sometimes a teacher asks a generalized question such as, "Should we like all people?"Such a question is

so general it brings little or no reaction fact, students. In it often from

creates in their It THE VALUE OF ROUTINE confusion minds.

is a mere "yes"or "no"question. A

more specific form of the question would be, "What should be our attitude toward people who do not have RICHARD L. EVANS

the same idea of God as we do?"

This leads us to a second criterion Following a change of pace and perspective, we talked last week of return of a good question. It should be to routine. To refer to a physical fact, we may grip things firmly for a

directed toward one problem. So limited time, but sometimes have to relax to get a new grip. A new look

often teachers ask questions which at things, a new hold, is sometimes essential. But despite all this, we should

are really a series of questions leadnot minimize the value of routine. Routine is necessary for organization,

ing up to a final basic concept the for efficiency, for many kinds of accomplishment, and without it life would teacher may have in mind. In the become chaotic. "A great deal of nonsense is uttered about routine,"said

process of answering the series of a writer of nearly a half century ago. "People talk about the deadly

questions, students get lost or their round... [and it] is commonly thought of as a tiresome doing of the same

directedthinking may be significance it that. in than The there over, is more toward thing but over and

tangents, leading a disorgantoward.. Z'it 1 Further, in lies is done...for. is done, but in ivhat what never of routine

ized branching off from the real "the performance of a certain routine gives... pleasures and satisfactions

problem. The result is confusion.... peace of mind and happiness and contentment. This is because a

The teacher is, then, under the routine of life is healthful to body and mind.... It is amazing how many

necessity of again focusing the atcomplicated undertakings, through the aid of routine, can come to be carried tention of the class on the main through.... Routine, properly conceived and properly executed, means

message of the lesson. no monotonous treadmill to be paced upon day after day, but economies

An example of such a "series"of time and of mental and physical energy. It means the relegation of the

question might be, "If the Saints largest possible share of ordinary work to the subconscious mind and the had been more humble and had not freeing of the largest possible amount of time and attention for things of boasted of their destiny to estabreal interest and concern."1 How could a factory, a farm—or a family—be

lish Zion in Missouri, would the run without routine? Even the life of an artistic performer, or a creative

Lord have protected them so they artist is largely made up of routine, of practice and preparation. Even

<jould have built a temple in Miskeeping the commandments should become a matter of routine. As Mencius

."2 There shouldsouri?"How many separate and said it: "Let men decide firmly what they will not do...

distinct problems does this question be no need for vacillation where moral standards are concerned. There

contain? The author can see four. are times when experimenting must be done, times when we must have a

If each of these were asked sepachange of pace, but admitting all need for exploration, for experiment and rately, in sequence, and then given speculation, for improving processes, much of life moves with safe and full consideration, the class would effective satisfaction because of standards, of schedules, because of sound proceed in an orderly and intelligent decisions, and doing the routine duties and meeting the obligations of fashion to answer a basic question each day.

which might be, "Why don't we have a temple in Missouri?"Editorial: "A Defense of Routine,"Munsey's Magazine, April 1918.

The timing and placement of -Mencius, Discourses iv; B.C., 32.

questions is also extremely impor- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia tant. Questions should be used Broadcasting System, January 12, 1964. Copyright 1964.

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE

AWAY!

At Kennecott's Bingham Canyon mine, men and machines are working on the largest industrial expansion program in Utah's history to increase copper production at the Utah Copper Division.

One phase of the program is pictured here. Rail lines are being

removed from a mine level as part of the project to substitute trucks for trains in hauling overburden from the mine to nearby dumps.

When the rails are removed road graders will smooth the way for the new, big trucks at Kennecott.

More than 50 miles of roads will be built, measuring 50 to 125 feet in width, to complete this phase.

Skilled men, with their eyes on tomorrow, are on the job throughout Kennecott's operations.

In addition to those at the mine, others are preparing for the expansion of the precipitation plant, the construction of a new crushing and grinding plant at the concentrators and the modernization of the converter aisle at the smelter.

Employees associated with the 100million dollar expansion program are working not only for Kennecott, but for Utah as well. They are part

of a long range plan to keep Kennecott's copper production a sound, healthy business. All are

contributing to Utah's growing economy... today, and everyday

utah copper Division Kennecott Copper Corporation vf

MARCH 1964 20S KSL RADIO USU EXTENSION SERVICES sonal involvement. They are somePresent times regarded as a mere nuisance

by students.

"Yes"and "no"questions could be called "oneshot"questions. They

also be tagged "deadend"HOMEMAKERS SYMPOSIUM might questions. Questions should possess

the possibility of opening up a topic.

Thursday -Friday, March 2627 This is sometimes called the "reversible why"component. The following

Highland High School Auditorium illustration gives some idea of the possibilities and the strength of

Experts in many phases of homernaking will be on hand at a such questions.

twoday seminar to give you timesaving helps and hints on new A teacher was asked by a college ways to make your home more livable. Experts like Dr. Jules LaBarthe, student if he considered college

from the Carnegie Institute of Technology, who will talk on new students irreligious. This exchange

textiles and materials. occurred in a public and not a

Dr. Dorothy Siegert Lyle, Director of Consumer Relations from

the National Institute of Dry Cleaning, or Dr. Joseph T. Smith of our

own area who will instruct on the subject of "Taking a look at yourself."Plus experts from the USU Extension Services, including Theta SEE THE RAINBOW

Johnson, clothing specialist, Rhea H. Gardner, home management BY GEORGIA MOORE EBERLING

and furnishings specialist and Flora Bradwell, food specialist.

will Lunch provided registraat both lunch be days per $1.00 and rolled Time's dusty wheels have

is tion for fee for of $1.00 of a total $3.00 days two homernaking the years away

instruction. help the Mail with for and coupon check your now

this yet speed, green $3.00 with fateful

to valley stays forever young, serene, and free from fears, unknowing of the swift flight of the days.

Broadcast House, Salt Lake City, Utah

The hills stand close, and still the

Mail to: little town

KSL RADIO runs out to meet them; meadow larks

Broadcast House still call, Salt Lake City and gentle meadows wear a verdant crown Please enroll me for the Homemaker's Symposium, March 2627, 1964. that turns to gold when summer

Yes, I want both lunches. yields to fall.

(Friday lunch, please check desired lunch. Fish Ham )

The shadows of the friends I used to

Enclosed check for $ ($1 for each lunch, $1 registration) see are somewhere near, as young as

NAME budding spring, and I shall come upon them sudADDRESS denly,

CITY STATE glimpse happy faces, hear gay laughter ring.

For time has many rooms, so vast Year after year—over 34—Conference Visitors by the score they hold

have complimented all vanished days, and we may find again 'the springtime's hour, and summer's *DISTINCTIVE gloss and gold, and see the rainbow gleaming Otfieajtove 9c6Uta/nt through the rain.

The Industry's Supreme Achievement

Again this April, gratify that wistful yearning and return for a visit to churchrelated school. Instead of

saying "yes"or "no"the teacher "America's Finest Ice Cream Store"used the "reversible why"technique.

the student asked asked He why he

Open replied a question. such The student Midnight until at 850 East 21st South SundaysClosed

he had heard parents of college 206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA students speak of their children as disagreement and most likely some proach to student needs.

being irreligious. Again the teacher resentment. The atmosphere would When the teacher notes that a

asked the student why he thought have become charged with negaquestion has caused a student to parents felt,their collegeage chiltivism and little of a positive nature become unusually excited or indren were irreligious. The reply was would have been achieved. volved, the teacher should not purthat he felt it was because young Questions should be used to help sue that particular line of questioning

people of this age - did not go to students probe their thinking until further. Quietly and sincerely the

church meetings. Still pursuing the they can identify the basic principles teacher should indicate he would be

same approach the student was upon which life's choices and perhappy to discuss the problem further asked why young adults do not go sonal reactions are based. Carernust at a time acceptable to the student.

to church. The reply was that rebe taken to formulate questions so This appointment must be kept.

ligion made little difference in die that this is not done too rapidly or Such an arrangement should be lives of college students. The final in such large segments that students looked upon as an opportunity to

question in the series was directed are overwhelmed or bewildered. help a disturbed student and not a

toward the reason why religion did Under such pressure a particular way to get out of a difficult teachnot make any difference in their lives. student may feel embarrassed and ing situation.

At this point the class was genwill strike back by being facetious It is most helpful occasionally to erally involved—hands were being or by sullenly refusing to explore leave a question unanswered. It is a

raised all over the room. A most the problem further. wellknown fact that the human

rewarding and productive period A certain number of questions mind often keeps working when it followed during which the teacher should be of general interest, anfaces an unanswered problem even had an excellent opportunity to exswerable by most class members. though the problem is not in full

plain why the restored gospel does Others should be challenging to focus. Care should be taken that

make a difference in the lives of highly knowledgeable and capable the problem is not of such a nature young people of college age. The students. Still others should be that it destroys faith in principles

reader might try to imagine what adapted for use with students who of the gospel. It should require stuthe course of the discussion would are not intellectually, emotionally, dents to think a situation through

have been had the reply to the first or spiritually as advanced or capthoroughly and come to a positive question been a statement that colable. This again emphasizes the solution which will strengthen their

lege students were generally irrefact that teaching is an art, an indidesire and determination to live the ligious. There would have been vidually created and applied apprinciple involved.

For your meeting house, home, farm, or business..

Automatic DusktO-Dawn Lighting Service

There is nothing to buy with a Private Outdoor Light. You rent,

for a modest monthly fee, this service solving your "dark"problems.

Some of the many uses and benefits:

Safer parking areas Prevents accidents

Guards against theft Adds nighttime beauty

Extends working hours Attracts customers

For more information on Private Outdoor Light, phone or write your nearest Utah Power & Light Co. office. There is no obligation.

If it's electric, it's better UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

MARCH 1964 207 Teachers sometimes make the mistake of answering their own questions. Students soon sense this and

wait for the teacher to do so. If

students do not answer a question because it is too difficult or too SiKf general, it should be broken down into segments or restated until die class can handle it.

Measures should be taken to give every student in the class an oppor- i tunity to participate during the class arqus period. Rather than ask only those

students who constantly raise their hands, the teacher should use his roll Automatic 35 or a seating chart in various ways to with fully automatic make sure that all students have been involved during the lesson.

From time to time the teacher should frame questions which stimuLCmCY\ late students to pose questions of their own either to the teacher ( who will turn them back to the class) or 11 xi;lll:>Il directly to his fellow students. This

can be done by using such introPerfect for Missionaries ductory approaches as "What problems do you see in connection with

Fast f/2.8 argus Clintagon 45mm lens! Only...?"or "If you could ask one of the

Authorities a particuabout Shutter 1/250! up to speeds lar ask?"you problem what would

BriteLine tendFinder! $fft95 Church focusing a with Questions sometimes have Zone

undesirable branchency to promote in the the subject from ing away Complete with case and flash! 79Complete

Unconditionally guaranteed! Nothing Down... Only $1.25 week! course of a lesson. There are a few

simple techniques and precautions

Come In, Phone or Order by Mail! which will prevent this. One is to

emphasize only that part of a student's question or answer which develops the lesson as you desire it to unfold. If a question is not fitting,

the teacher should acknowledge it, thank the student, and indicate that it will be given consideration at another time. Some teachers allow

students to press for an answer to an

Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main - 273 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr. inappropriate question until it is

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street opened for discussion. The teacher

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue must be firm in resisting such pressure. Students who do this are generally more interested in calling

attention to themselves than they are

COMING TO SALT LAKE? in promoting a good learning situaMAKE tion in the classroom. Sometimes

SE RANCHO MOTOR such students may be disturbed and should be helped privately.

HOTEL Questions should be answered

YOUR HEADQUARTERS loudly enough for all to hear. The

THIS CONFERENCE TIME! teacher should not have to repeat

EVERY ROOM FEATURES... So close to everything... downtown, answers because they are given so

* Private phone, recorded hifi music industry, business, travel depots, ensoftly they cannot be heard.

hospitals. and Make * radio antenna tertainment, and TV with power New clean Students are much more eager to Rancho Se and wholesome your home hour switchboard * 24 message and

service away from home... this time and participate when all answers are

... in Salt time you're every Lake * offstreet parking Ample anacknowledged in some way. An

all services best of superb and... * 4Vi JUST BLOCKS FROM TEMPLE fully to the swer does not have to be

rates. low, low... at

I SQUARE

SALT LAKE SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL No.640TempleWest

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA point or even right to merit a "thank you"from the teacher. Often he Invest now, profit later

can pick out element some which is in Silver Creek Estatesapplicable lesson, to the indicate that the answer will be used at a later date, or connect it to a topicwhich has been discussed previously. ONE OF

How Can You, as a Teacher, Improve Your Questioning Technique? UTAH'S FINEST

When do you prepare your questions? Do you read the lesson just LAND INVESTbefore class time, stopping haphazardly at such points as you feelwould lend themselves to some type MENT DEVELOPMENTS

of question? Good questions take

time to prepare and, when carefully preplanned, may be used for a variety of purposes. For instance, a

question may be used as a motivational item to bring a lesson objective into focus. They are also

effective in reviving flagging interest during a lesson presentation, stimulating students to evaluate, choose,

CITY SUNSET

BY THELMA IRELAND

The sun sets slowly in the bay

To darkness—what a pityBut not before she painted red

Each window of the city. Only 28 10acre* tracts left in Unit C

'5000 $500 w *50*> identify, or recall lesson material.

Good questions are "steppingstones"6750 I Oi&down I / a month to levels higher of thoughts. all cash for 15%

If as sincerely deDISCOUNTS: you, a teacher,

interest simple per year on unpaid balance. 10 years to pay... only 6%

sire questioning your to improve technique, it can be done. Immediately after you have taught your

lesson, sit down and evaluate the NOW you enjoy a beautiful, sundrenched estate for unsurpassed questions you used in your presencountry living... LATER, you can subdivide your tract into 5

tation. Redo and strengthen those or 6 spacious lots for resale. See Silver Creek Estates, just 25

which need it by rewording them, expressway miles from the heart of Salt Lake City.

clear up ambiguities, place questions in a different sequence, or add *Unit C tracts vary in size from 5 to 17 acres.

or subtract certain types of questions Natural gas, electric power, telephone service and water are all to create a better balance. This must nearby and available. Water well rights are included. Crowned,be done immediately after the class graded roads are extended to each tract. No closing cost. No hiddenif the exercise is to be effective.

Rudyard Kipling placed the imcharges. You get Title Insurance Policy and Warranty deed when

portance of questions in the learning contract is paid up.

process in such excellent perspective Drive up Parley's Canyon that this article might best be con- (U.S. 40) to Silver Creek To: Silver Creek Ranch Corporation

cluded in quoting his thought: Estates Office, at Silver P. O. Box 1 537, Salt Lake City, Utah

Creek Junction and perPlease send complete information to:

serving"I six honest have men; inspect this propsonally Name My taught all I know. They me Salt or erty PHONE:... Address 'what'areTheir 'why'and names... City 3636100 Lake

and when'or MAIL COUPON. City.. Zone State

And 'who'and 'where'and 'how."Phone -

MARCH 1964 2Q9 Philippines 7,000 islands when he declared eternal in its consequences. It has

through the Prophet Nephi: come to mind again and again as

( Continued from page 189 "... Know ye not that I, the Lord we have since shaken the hands and

your God, have created all men, and felt the spirit of hundreds of truthSaints have been organized in addithat I remember those who are upon loving Filipino Saints who have action to the servicemen's branches. the isles of the sea; and that I rule cepted the testimonies of the elders,

The membership now totals 590 in the heavens above and in the entered the waters of baptism, and with 236 convert baptisms during earth beneath; and I bring forth my experienced the blessings of the

1963. Seventeen missionaries are word unto the children of men, yea, gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

laboring in the Philippines as of even upon all the nations of the this writing. earth?"(2 Nephi 29:7.) He is risen; he is risen!

They have found the Filipinos to This prophetic declaration filled He hath opened heavens gate:

be a warm, intelligent, and hospitaour thoughts as we left the Ft. We are free from sins dark prison,

ble people. Like good people everyMcKinley Cemetery that memorable Risen to a holier state;

where, they are receptive to the May morning of 1961 to return to And a brighter Easter beam teachings of the gospel when their Manila to commence what has beOn our longing eyes shall stream.

minds are freed of prejudices and come a great and enduring work,—Cecil Alexander

the darkness of the past.

It is not an easy task to move into a new area, to gather a soul here and another there, and to establish the program of the Church among seen even so have neverthose who "DAILY... TO KINDLE OUR

in of the Church; as a branchmuch."fact, who, in most instances had HEARTS..

never even heard of the Church until they met the missionaries.

accomplished. has Yet this been

ofRICHARD L. EVANS local priesthood withBranches

ficers and functioning auxiliary programs have been established, We are reluctant to leave a time of changing seasons without some further all within a period of less than earnest searching of ourselves. "We ought,"said Thomas a Kempis, "daily

three years. to renew our vows, and kindle our hearts... as if... to say, 'Help me, O

.. this a good grant that resolutions in day make. and I may good God, my site acrecently was A building

. still fall in shall short as as earnestly may, beginning. we we of area in a choice Manila.quired

... us. resolution distinct things. should be by. Always.'Strive made some many rise will this chapel a groundFrom

built like others in this area of the If thou canst not be always examining thyself, thou canst at certain seasons, world, by native members of the and at least twice in the day, at evening and at morning. In the morning

Church who will build themselves make thy resolves, and in the evening inquire into thy life, how thou hast as they build the Lord's house. sped today in word, deed, and thought.... At eventide thou shalt always

... For verily it is not deep words The work in the Philippines is now be glad if thou spent the day profitably.

it is a good life.... Do what lieth inestablished. This has become the that make a man holy and upright;

third leg of a great triangle of nathy power, and God will help thy good intent.... If each year should

...tions in the Southern Far East Missee one fault rooted out from us, we should go quickly on to perfection.

sion—the British Crown Colony of Yet, if thou overcome not slight and easy obstacles, how shalt thou oversecret, so so position sacred, place no greater is no... There ones? come of China, the Republic Kong,Hong

.. little, adversities. it is through that temptations and by without of the Philippines. the Republicand

... shalt help suffering, conquer thou long of God. patience by. Littlethe and A. president, mission The Jay

it will be demanded of us, not what Quealy, Jr., also has responsibility for Of a surety, at the Day of Judgment

church members scattered through we have read, but what we have done; not how well we have spoken, but

the vast areas that include Singahow holily we have lived. In all that thou doest, remember the end, and

is hid, whopore, South Viet Nam, Thailand, how thou wilt stand before a strict judge, from whom nothing gifts, <will excuses, not accepteth righteous judge with but is not bribed Interestingly India.Pakistan, and

1 that ourselves ever grant examine be and more may God we forebears, of his an Engjudgment."oneenough,

let 2 for [our] virtue are unceasingly,"garnish thoughts acceptable, "and we officer, gospel the accepted lish army while stationed in India, more than accountable, we can improve; God has not asked the impossible of us, but

a century ago. only a Tightness of heart, our earnest efforts, and some proof of our repentObserving what has been accomance. And in this selfsearching and selfexamination, whatever is "virtuous,

plished in the Philippines, one cannot or lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy, we [should] seek after escape the conviction that the Church these things."3

has a promising future in this fascinating land that separates the Pacific *D&CThomas121:45.a Kempis, The Imitation of Christ, bk. 1.

Ocean from the South China Sea. sJoseph Smith, Articles of Faith, 13.

One is led to think that the Lord had "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia in mind this nation of more than Broadcasting System, January 19, 1964. Copyright 1964.

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Intermountain West's THE FORCES AT WORK Fastest and Most Complete WHILE WE SLEEP

BY RUTH C. IKERMAN Printing Service

Outside my kitchen window is a bright border of garden flowers.

While I washed the dishes the other evening at twilight, I noted that the first iris of the season was in flower.

Beside its yellow cup was a firmly rolled bud for the second blossom.

Getting breakfast next morning, I BOOKS BUSINESS FORMS looked out the window to see the MAGAZINES LETTERHEADS petals of the second flag unfurling in BROCHURES PAMPHLETS the sunlight. Sometime at night

while I was asleep there were forces fully awake outside, bringing this blossom into full bloom. All day long I went about my %m

of the awarenesstasks with a new silent forces at work while we.. Or Whatever Your Printing Need

"sleep": the healing within the body

as the white cells do their work against infection, the mechanism of growth which adds or subtracts pounds, the faithful heart which provides energy for household tasks.

Even while I am asleep there are forces taking care of me just as they are preparing blossoms to enjoy in the garden. Is it too much then to

also forces the are thathope preAdditional New Rooms Just Recently Completed life's forparing working me, way out a pattern for the fulfilment of my life?

With this assurance I can experience to the full whatever is the circumstance this moment, facing with At the courage whatever problems the day CENTER may bring. There is strength in reOF CONVENIENCE Luxurious Comfort—The Way You Like It

the that forces powerfulmembering us sleep. SAVETIME Now at Winter Rates!of life are with even as we

This knowledge comes to the heart which accepts the precious Bible promise of Psalm 121:4: "Behold, he

that keepeth Israel shall neither AND HOT SHOPPES NOW 330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS slumber nor sleep."

Main Street at 5th South Salt Lake City

FORGIVE ME

BY RUTH C. IKERMAN

A GREAT CHURCH LIBRARY Dear Lord, the sound and stress of can be assembled by "binding"regularly your copies of busy life Have left me tense, my spirit numb. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

They can be conveniently and inexpensively "bound"as you receive

Today I saw a bird pause on the sill, them in an Impovement Era binder.

But to his lovely call my heart was Beautifully and strongly constructed with handsome heavy red Fabridumb. coid cover. Stamped in gold and large enough to hold 12 issues of

more than 1,000 pages, plus an index.

lost that the song I have it be Could now from CA Order

I've no Price is only d**) shared birds with Because The Improvement Era crumb? and a 1963 index is included

FREE! Such a binder is a MUST for

every ward library and most desirable for every home. 135 So. State St., Salt Lake City 11, Utah

MARCH 1964 211 "The council or councils of the seventies quorum or quorums within the stake will recommend to the stake presidency quorum members to be missionaries."

This statement from page 12 of the Handbook for

Stake Missions outlines the opportunities of the seventies in the new missionary program. While the stake

president is not limited to this source in his choice of missionaries, it is hoped that there will be so many qualified seventies made available that this will become the chief source to which he looks.

Such a future hope depends on the quorum and its presidents for fruition. Even now the quorum council

should put into operation training classes for the quorum in the methods and techniques. This training

should be directed by the members of the quorum council in the stake mission presidency or others as assigned and qualified. In those stakes where the

number of seventies is very small, -and the mission presidency has no quorum representation, then the mission presidency should be invited to give direction to the course. This may include group study and discussion, and individual study; it may include individual instruction given by welltrained and expert

stake missionaries. Its purpose is to discover the men

in the quorum who are best able to become good missionaries and to prepare them for service in the mission.

Parallel to this study, the members of the quorum should study the best methods of finding investigators.

As has already been pointed to, this will be a leading function of the quorum. The majority of the quorum

members will engage in it, but its success will depend

The Stake Mission tiveon carefulexecution.preparation, wise planning, and effecinvolves the principles by which people are cultivated and the Seventies It is not merely a matter of knocking on doors. It

and made friendly, of how to use the best means at hand to achieve consent to accept the missionaries.

The ward or branch meetinghouse may play a big part in this effort. Certainly, friendly LDS neighbors

can make it easy. But there is also the time when

the seventy is "on his own,"when the only means of making the successful approach is to be guided by the Spirit. This most important method will require

humility and a willingness to heed the promptings. It

is most used of any approach.

These responsibilities of the seventies should be taught to them, and well taught.

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Baptismal Policies: A child should be baptized on his

eighth birthday or as soon thereafter as possible. Baptismal fonts should be made available the year round

for this purpose. Any body of water large enough to

immerse the candidate may be used, except that persons should not be baptized in bathtubs or any other such receptacles. Baptisms on Sunday should be

avoided. Photographs or motion pictures are not to be

made of the service.

The person officiating must stand in the water with the candidate being baptized. He as well as the individual being baptized should be appropriately dressed.

They may wear white clothing. Special care should be

taken to see that the rules of modesty are not violated.

Waders, hip boots, and bathing caps should not be worn by any of those concerned.

Bishops should give special attention to all sevenyear-old children in the ward and see that they are prepared for and taught about baptism by their parents and also by other church officers.

Names of unbaptized children of members should be carried on the ward membership record until December 31st of the year in which the 21st birthday occurs. Their

names should be referred to the stake missionaries so they may work with them. After every reasonable effort

has failed to effect the baptism the membership record card should be sent to the Presiding Bishopric's Office with the notation, "Cancelled, 21 years of age, not baptized,"written across the face.

A convert is defined as:

(a) Any person 12 years of age or over who is baptized and confirmed whose parents (one or both) are

Baptismal Policies members.(b) Any person 8 years of age or over who is baptized and confirmed whose parents are not members

of the Church.

Mentally Deficient Persons: Persons who are not

accountable and cannot repent need not be baptized, no matter what their age. They should be included as

a member of record and notation made in the place for baptism "Not Accountable."If they become accountable, they can then be baptized.

PRIESTHOODS

\\-A

MARCH 1964 213 4? History describes the lives of many famous Calling it the "Title of Liberty,"Moroni fastened

men and women, some who were good and some who this banner to a pole, then donned his military apparel, were bad. prayed mightily to the Lord and traveled throughout

"If I were you,"I would read and reread the history the Nephite lands, waving it aloft. He called upon

of two Nephites, Moroni and Amalickiah, who lived in the people to "come forth in the strength of the Lord, the first century, BC. ( Book of Mormon pages 301357. and enter into a covenant that they will maintain their

Moroni and Amalickiah were both large and strong rights and their religion, that the Lord God may men. And both were men of much ability. Moroni bless them."Most of the people responded to

dedicated his life and talents in service to the Lord, Moroni's appeal.

the defense of the Nephite people—their homes, liberAmalickiah and the dissenters, recognizing failure

ties, wives, children, lands, and church. Amalickiah in their plot to seize the Nephite government, fled

used his talents in obtaining dictatorship over the from the land of the Nephites and joined the LaLamanites and the Nephite dissenters. manites. By treachery, scheming, murders, and other

Moroni, at age twentyfive, (74 BC) was appointed villainous actions, Amalickiah became king of the commander of all the Nephite armies. The Lamanites, Lamanites. He stirred up hatred and a spirit of war

with much greater numbers in their armies than those and destruction among the Lamanites and Nephite of the Nephites, were preparing to invade the Nephite dissenters and marched with his armies to destroy lands and put the Nephite people in bondage. But the Nephites.

Moroni had equipped the Nephite armies with breast Moroni had not been idle. He constructed massive

plates, head plates, arm shields, heavy clothing, and embankments and took other defensive measures to other armaments. The Lamanites, except for a few, protect the Nephite cities and people (the first time

were not equipped with such armaments, being naked such defensive measures had been used by descendexcept for skins around their loins. Moroni, by seekants of Lehi). With the blessings of the Lord, the

ing and obtaining the help of the Lord and his Nephites maintained their freedom and won victory prophets, was successful in defeating the Lamanite over Amalickiah and his attacking armies.

aggressors and in maintaining the freedom and liberty Amalickiah brought death to tens of thousands of of the Nephite peoples. men, women, and children, and disaster and hardships

These military victories were followed by a short to many, many more. His wicked life was ended by a

period of peace and prosperity among the Nephite spear in his heart.

people. They were governed, with the consent of Moroni led the Nephite people to victory. He was

the people, by a chief judge and lower judges. But honored by the people as a great patriot and devoted

some of the Nephite people strayed from the ways servant of the Lord. He died a natural death.

of the Lord and would not heed the words of the Here were two men, both endowed with great prophets. This dissension was encouraged by Amalictalents. Both born and reared in the same society and

kiah, who was scheming to become king of the of the same lineage. One devoted his talents to

Nephites. He gained support of some of the lower serving the Lord and his fellow men. The other with

judges by cunning flattery and promises that they his talents sought selfaggrandizement and unrightwould be made rulers over the people when he eous domination and became one of the most vicious became king. villains of history.

Moroni, on learning of Amalickiah's devilish schemes, I have been privileged to associate with or observe tore his coat, and wrote on a piece of it: In memory at close range some of the civilian and military leaders

of our God, our religion, and freedom, and our peace, of the United States and many other nations. These men

our wives, and our children. have developed their talents. Various of them have dem214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE]c 5v ": '#*v

"IF I WERE * (ADVICEYOU"TO YOUNG MEN)

[ BY EUGENE HYDE MERRILL onstrated some of Moroni's qualities.

How will you use your talents?

My answer to you is: emulate in

your life the principles that motivated Moroni: Serve the Lord and

your fellow men. Honor your

father and your mother. Use every

precious minute in developing your talents—spiritual, mental, and physical. By doing so you will be

blessed of the Lord and achieve the purposes for which he placed you on earth in this glorious and challenging period in the earth's history. Accomplishments, happiness, and satisfaction will be yours.

Eugene Hyde Merrill has been Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations in Washington D.C., since 1961. Prior to this,

he was administrator of NATO's military construction and procurement program in

Paris, France. He has also served as commissioner, Federal Communications Commission; senior official, Defense Production

Administration; and communications adviser

to the US Military Governor of Germany at

Berlin, Germany. Elder Merrill was born at

Salt Lake City the son of Dr. Joseph F. Merrill,

later a member of the Council of the Twelve, and Annie Laura Hyde Merrill. He received a

bachelor of science degree in mining engineering at the University of Utah. His church

activities have included president elders'quorum, president seventies'quorum, superintendent Sunday School, missionary, and president of North Carolina conference. He and

his wife Barbara have had six children.

MARCH 1964 215 is one thing The first day ofspring

And the first spring day is another

The difference between them is

Sometimes as great as a month

Henry Van Dyke Removing storm windows, unbuttoning coats, pushing verge of neurosis because their parents are inconsistent boots to the back of the closet, buying a gay hat, and unreliable; they find only insecurity in their

washing the car, finding a fourleaf clover, sunning mother and father. As changeable as a spring day?

baby on the patio, turning lights on later each day, Maybe we should look deep inside ourselves to see looking through dirty windows, shopping for a bright what is really there.

print dress all denote spring far more than tearing Being the overseer of the family's health and happiFebruary off the calendar. Spring is a way of life, a ness is a great responsibility. A mother has this duty.

beginning of a new life, a heavenly time of awakening. She should not be haphazard in her care of her husThe first day of spring does fall in March, and mayband and children; their very lives are in her hands.

be we'll be lucky enough this year to find the first A woman who is so changeable that her family feasts spring day in its thirtyone days. one day and starves the next is faffing in her job.

Spring is enticing because of its inconstancy. There You must be consistent as you guard the family's

is nothing mundane about March; it's versatile, mobile, health and happiness. Each day the family meals

unstable, indecisive, restless, and oscillating. Some should contain the four basic food groups that can be

people are like this. They are interesting when they depended upon to give the proper nutrients to the

are versatile; their changes are chameleonlike, colorbody. Supply daily at least four servings from the

ful, and invigorating. Others resemble March in a breadcereal group. This includes cereals, crackers,

negative sort of way. They are restless, unstable, fickle, flour, macaroni, etc., rice, rolled oats, breads, and other

indecisive, and as changeable as the shifting sands. baked goods if made with wholegrain or enriched

Look within yourself and decide which one you are. flour. Choose two or more servings every day from

In many ways it's good to be changeable, nothing the meat group, such as meats, liver, heart, kidney, static grows. New concepts, interesting different ideas poultry, eggs, and fish, and as alternates, serve dry

added to you today will make a different you tomorbeans, dry peas, lentils, nuts, and peanut butter.

row. This is progress and growth. But look at the Next the milk group is very important, it includes

other side of the page, it's good to be fundamentally all kinds milk, cheese, cottage cheese, and ice cream.

the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow. In stability Adults need two or more glasses of milk a day and

we find dependability and reliability. Our basic conchildren need at least three or four glasses. Some of

cepts should not change. A friend is not a friend if this milk may be taken in ice cream and cheese. The

he's first hot then cold. Many children are on the fourth group is made up of vegetables and fruits.

This includes all vegetables and fruits with the emphasis on those rich in Vitamin C and Vitamin A.

Good sources of Vitamin C: Grapefruit or grapefruit juice, orange or orange juice, lemon juice, tomatoes, cantaloupe, raw strawberries, broccoli, green

pepper, guava, mango, papaya, and sweet red pepper.

Sources of Vitamin A; Darkgreen and deepyellow

vegetables and a few fruits, namely: apricot, broccoli,

cantaloupe, carrots, chard, collards, cress, kale, mango, persimmon, pumpkin, spinach, sweet potatoes, turnip greens, winter squash, and other darkgreen leaves.

Choose four or more servings of these vegetables and fruits everyday. Additional foods such as butter

and margarine are also necessary in the diet. Be

consistent day by day in serving your family wellbalanced, nutritious meals. Be versatile in choosing

TODAY'S FAMILY a variety of different foods. There is safety in variety

FLORENCE B. P1NNOCK. EDITOR well chosen. ( Continued on next page )

spoon over the bottom and sides of 2 cups medium cream sauce

As Changeable as a Spring Day an 8 inch square pan. Chill for at IV2 tablespoons prepared mustard

least an hour before filling. 2 tablespoons dehydrated onion

chips Spring Suppers for Family or Filling Vz cups finely chopped parsley

For Special Friends 1 can (8 % oz.) crushed pineapple Cook the scraped potatoes in salted

1. Spanish Supper 1 package (3 oz.) lemon Jell-O boiling water until just tender. Add

Asparagus with Melted Butter IV4 cups boiling water the other ingredients to the hot white

Chef Green Salad 1 package (3 oz.) cream cheese, sauce and pour over the hot potatoes.

NoBake Cheese Cake softened This barbecued salad is a delicious

V\ teaspoon grated lemon rind tangy tomato aspic that is excellent 2. Special Chicken Salad 3 tablespoons sugar served with ham.

Fruit Plate—sliced pineapple Vz teaspoon vanilla

pears 1 cup sour cream spiced peaches Barbecued Salad (6 servings) dates stuffed with Drain the pineapple, reserving the ) lemon Jell-O nuts syrup. Dissolve the lemon Jell-O 1 package (3 oz.

boiling water cup Rolls in cool 1 boiling the syrup; Hot water. Add

1 can sauce oz. ) tomato (8 slightly. puffs with peppermint cream blend the cream MeanwhileCream

and chocolate sauce cheese, lemon rind, sugar, and va- 1 tablespoon vinegar nilla. Combine Vz cup of the gelatin Vz teaspoon celery salt

celery diced 1 cup pineapple. Gradually blend and the Potatoes Mustard3. Baked Ham Vz of teaspoon each nutmeg, cinnainto gelatin cheese the remaining String with Beans Almonds allspice mon, until in the smooth. mixture Fold Salad Barbecued salt to taste pepper and into the chilled cream. sour Pour Sherbet Orange

crumb crust. Chill until set, but not

in the Dissolve boiling Jell-O carefully spoon on the firm. Then de Luxe4. Crab Meat Salad water. ingredients. remaining Add firm. until Chill pineapple. Chips Potato Cheese into individual Chill molds. Pour unpickles Olives,

Batter Bread This delicious chicken salad comes til! firm and unmold on crisp greens.

Southern Ambrosia from Atlanta, Georgia. The wife of

stake president William L. Nicholls Batter Bread is always a quick anSpanish Supper (6 to 8 servings) generously gave us the recipe. swer to the roll or bread question.

This one is especially tasty and can

IV2 pounds of ground beef Special Chicken Salad be made in less than two hours.

1 cups diced onion (9 servings) 3A cup diced green pepper Batter Bread 1 can ( 4 oz. ) mushroom stems and 2 cans chicken noodle soup

pieces 2 packages (3 oz. each) Phila- 2 packages dry yeast

IV2 cups diced celery delphia cream cheese 2 cups warm water % cup rice 1 envelope Knox gelatin 2 teaspoons salt 1 can (20 oz. ) tomatoes juice of 1 lemon 2 tablespoons sugar

1 tablespoon salt Vz cup mayonnaise 2 tablespoons melted butter

Vz teaspoon pepper Vz cup sliced almonds % cup Parmesan cheese */4 teaspoon thyme 1 stewing hen—cooked and meat Vz teaspoon oregano

removed from bones, cut into Vz teaspoon thyme

Brown the beef and pour off any mediumsized pieces 1 tablespoon diced onion fat. Add the remaining ingredients. 1 pimiento finely cut 4 cups allpurpose flour

Cover tightly and cook slowly, (stirVz green pepper finely chopped ring carefully occasionally ) until rice Sprinkle the yeast over the water is tender. It will take about 30 Add the gelatin to the cold soup. in a large bowl. Let stand until disminutes. Carefully warm the soup and add solved. Add all the other ingredithe cheese and stir until smooth, reents. Using just half of the flour

NoBake Cheese Cake move from heat, add the lemon juice, beat for about 3 minutes with the mayonnaise, chicken, almonds, and electric beater. Add the rest of the

Crumb crust * green pepper. Put in an 8 by 8 by 2 flour and beat it in with a wooden

inch pan. Chill until set. Serve spoon. Cover and let rise in a warm

P/3 cups fine vanilla wafer crumbs on greens and top with slivered place free from drafts for about 45

Vi cup sugar almonds. minutes or until it more than doubles

xk cup softened butter or margarine in bulk. Butter well a 2 quart casMustard Potatoes (8 servings) serole and preheat the oven to 375

Combine the ingredients and mix degrees F. Beat the batter for about

well. Press firmly with the back of 3 pounds of tiny new potatoes Vz minute. Turn into the casserole.

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Another Sprinkle top of batter with a little 1 can milk CLIP-A-RECIPE

Parmesan cheese. Bake for about an IV2 cups of sugar idea from

hour or until nicely browned. Turn 1 8 oz. package coconut

I SCH MANN'S YEASTout of casserole and let cool slightly 1 #2 can of crushed pineapple LE and cut into wedges and serve. 2 large apples grated

8 oranges cut up into medium Again we turn to the South for small piecesanother delicious recipe. Lucille IRiSH

Brown, YWMIA president of Atlanta Add the milk, sugar, coconut first,(Georgia) Stake, presents her special recipe for Ambrosia. then add the grated apple, then the FRECKLE

pineapple. Be sure to add the

Southern Ambrosia oranges last. Pour into pretty glass bowl. Let stand overnight in the BREAD!

1 quart milk refrigerator.

THIS MATTER OF MONEY

RICHARD L. EVANS

We have talked of moderation in many matters, and would turn today to moderation in matters of money. In this there is both principle and practicality. Despite friendship, sentiment, love, loyalty, and all close ties and Tender, crusty, bursting

relationships surprising suchattachments, it would seem many how are with dark juicy raisins In a letter to a noble matter very of money.strained or broken on this

Lord, Edmund Burke wrote: "We spend our incomes... for a hundred IRISH FRECKLE BREAD

trifles, I know not what.... Our expense is almost all for conformity. It 2 packages Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast

is for cake that we run in debt; 'tis not the intellect, not the heart, not 1 cup warm potato(105115F.)water or warm water

beauty, not worship, that costs so much.... It is better to go without, V* cup lukewarm mashed potatoes

than to have them at too great a cost. Let us learn the meaning of econ- 8 tablespoons sugar

omy.... Can anything be so elegant as to have few wants and to serve 1 teaspoon5V4 cups unsiftedsalt flour2 eggs,(about)beaten

them one's self, so as to have somewhat left to give, instead of being always Vz cup Fleischmann's Margarine prompt to grab?..."1 "Money honestly made and honestly spent,"said 1 cup dark seedless raisins

another source, "is as nearly the root of all physical comfort as money disDissolve yeast in potato water. Add

honestly made and dishonestly spent is the root of all evil."2 "The vices, mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons

and follies, and sins of men, cost more than everything else."'"It is our duty sugar, 1 cup flour. Beat until smooth.

to make money answer as many noble purposes as possible; and those duties Cover;hour). Stirlet risedown;untiladdbubblyrest (aboutof sugar,Vz

come under two great heads... to self and family... to God and the salt, 1 cup flour; beat until smooth.

world.... Certain expenditures that go simply for show, for waste, to make

Stir in eggs, then cooled and melted one's neighbors, display a as immoderate wrong. and beyond we recognize

raisins. margarine. Add Add enough

.. rich, provide for the family give it a full, what will and. Let money additional flour to soft dough. make

happy family life, with the best education for children that can be seKnead until smooth and elastic, about cured.... By such uses as these money achieves righteousness.... For 5 min. Place in greased bowl; turn to

God will judge us at last by the way we spend our money."4 Thus some grease top. Cover; let rise in draftfree

wise men have spoken of money. The final fact is that debt, no matter warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.

to whom, is a sort of slavery; that meeting obligations is a matter of honor, Punch down. Divide into 4 equal

and that solvency is essential to soundness and self respect. There isn't parts. Let rest 5 minutes. Shape each

much real influence or confidence without solvency and maturity in matters part into slender loaf 9"long. Put two

of money. No man, no family, no business, no nation, can be considered loaves side by side in each of two

safe or sound that doesn't use wisely what it has, doesn't live within its greasedin warm draftfree9x5x3"pans.placeCover;until doubled,let rise

income, doesn't meet its obligations. about 40 min. Bake at 350 45 min.

or until done. Makes 2 Breads.

iEdmund Burke, A Letter to a Noble Lord, independent, Editorial, October 5, 1899.

3Benjamin Franklin.

independent, Editorial, p. 848, 1898.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, January 26, 1964. Copyright 1964.

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

L MARCH 1964 2T9 'proximate to Thy hiding THAT'S WHAT More

GRANDMOTHER place.

ALWAYS SAID Nor can I think of place to hide;

BY EVA EVANS Instead, an office with a view, A view perhaps from outer space—

Or inward—from some galaxy.

What did Grandmother always say? Some galaxy beyond the Way

Special for.. Oh, lots of things! Grandmother Called Milky, where the fundamenwas never one to hedge, to make tal stuff,

cautious, equivocal statements. Intelligence, hydrogen, or faith,

she moves,""Three always said Or even interstellar gas is made.

Invitations, Napkins,Reception fire!"darkly, "are as a as good

etc., L.D.S. featuringAlbums,

temple designs. (Conventional "Don't throw that away,"she alAnd if not made, at least where

styles 100 for $5.95.) Write ways said warningly. "It will come It was found and put to use.

for FREE catalog and samples. in handy, sometime!"

thing "Keep a she long enough,"- 83440 Rexburg, IdahoREXCRAFT Administrator, Executive, Great Biowisely, (Catalog repeated "and sent airmail for 25c) it'll be back physicist; style."in "... it'll be back in style...."In mathematics schooled and chemistry,

1st is! It really back! And—ifs

just. are laws Thy ever expected CHOICE have (.Monroe Who would

trust it? In IN them OVER we all that Hadn't concluded we'd Folding Pedestal we

the airline jets, For heard have we 40,000 furthe cretonneand-wicker viewed TABLES

CHURCHES nished "sun porch"for the last time? The Jupiter and the Atlas roar.

ride the upper atmosphere. It just goes to show! We

talk to men without a wire. I wonder if that old wicker furniWe

see their faces and their dreams ture is still up in the attic; back in a We

dark corner? Surely, surely, no one Reflected on our silver screens.

reat looking Kennedy, Then Cape For Leader Over it, as foolish to discard so not was Century! Half A member said! after always Grandmother what year Every churches buy more art Thou God of all. Tables! proof Real you Monroe it there. No, be! be must It must

direct save buying from money then appointments make may we it out, the Oh, give We'll haul and maybe Monroe. models Many

sizes. factory savwith direct keep Also and Thee of paint, coat recover a ings to churches, and wicker schools called are beyond the seas we the When other organizations folding on fresh, cretonne. bright cushions with

chairs, table storage and chair hills this abode. and of it into goes! partitions, trucks, the portable And back game

choral stages. Tested the interstellar gas may And porch again? sun color A PLAN"and new "DONORrisers, lose the feel or essence Not of our catalog FREE! Write today! not! course Let's not be Of

THE MONROE CO. archaic. minds

. 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa A rose by any other name is not When personality's transition

a sun porch. It is a "Florida Room."Is cast after some untoward traffic

in Security crash Your Want Do You Florida Room. Home? A

fail or gas your Should power heart attack. "Keep a thing long enough, and Or

THERMORITE it'll in style."be back

Enclosure"Glass Miracle "The That's Grandmother always We trust Thy physical chemistry what will front rooms like a heat your with coal, is This stove. the coal resurrect humanity To modern way of enjoysaid!

fireplace. ing

-:>.:::::;:;:::::.::::;:'.; live to That like Thee come we may o

departures SmokeN:-:your organize some And new

No Sparks A NEW HYMN from the gas.

No BY G. HOMER DURHAM

Drafty Floors Thou art our true Psychiatrist.

Ample Heat Oh, Father! God! To me it does not We need no intermediaries; nor

Solid seem neuropharmacology.

Brass Thou sittest on a throne To Thee we can appeal direct,

Beauty, Thing of Economy "A and Safety Nor on a Stone of Scone. Our couch the grass, or parlor rug. in Treasured Everywhere"Fine Homes

Write or Phone for Free Colored Folder Those symbols speak of other days.

SALES THERMORITE BENNION hear our hymn, our song of the use phrase Then devout still may State 3666 South City, Utah We joy! Phone discard For Thee, but ancient AM 6-3310Salt Lake images

in glass, leading Available furniture and buildin stores area. Resembling tribal kings. the intermountain ing supply

Will definitely cure smoky fireplaces If caught in conference or the field

For Thou art not a tribal king, Beyond light years of our wave

YOU CAN RENT IT! Nor monarch of Byzantium. length,

But rather, from our radar screens Then may the heavenly tape record thanks, oscillographs, dazzling for microrelay unto Our

Thee! suspect Amen. the sort of beams HOWE RENTS AndWe may SALES AND RENTALS

Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The feeling is mutual when Church Moves On you call Long Distance.

(Continued from page 150) Pick up your Juarez, Mexico, as president of the phone and

Southeast Mexican Mission succeedgo visiting ing President Beecroft. At the time tonight!

of this call President Hatch was serving as a member of the Juarez

Stake high council. He has been a

member of a stake presidency, a counselor to a bishop, and a bishop.

His wife will accompany him on this mission. The couple has six children. MOUNTAIN

STATES The appointments of Mrs. MarTELEPHONE

jorie C. Pingree, Mrs. Cleone

R. Eccles, and Mrs. Darlene C.Dedekind to the general board of

the Relief Society were announced.

"Feeling well"and "glad to be back"President David O. McKay returned to his desk at his

office for the first time in almost three months. During his illness he

met regularly with his counselors in his apartmenthome. He has also

attended some temple meetings with the General Authorities.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Wilford

M. Burton to preside as a mission

president over a mission as yet not determined. At this time President

Burton is serving as second counselor in the presidency of Ensign (Salt Lake City) Stake. Previously

he has served as stake Sunday School superintendent of Bonneville (Salt Lake City) Stake and as a bishop's counselor in both the Yalecrest and the Monument Park wards.

He was a member of the Deseret

Sunday School Union board for fourteen years. His wife, Dorothy

Boud Burton, and their daughter

Jane will accompany him to the field of labor. The couple has two HOME STUDY, Brighom Young University,

older children. Provo, Utah

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder HowPRICES! NEW LOW of the of the Councilard W. Hunter MULTIPLE YEAR of the Geneas presidentTwelve FOREIGN ERA and WANTEDalogical Society of the Church. He SUBSCRIPTIONS

succeeds President N. Eldon Tanner In effect now, prices for ALL C.P.A. EXECUTIVE

of the First Presidency in this Improvement Era subscripassignment. tions are as follows Salt Lake City firm of C.P.A.'s needs asfor their Elko, manager Nevada Iyear o years office. or Applicant be certified must have 5.75 3 years8.25 sistant 3.00 Z The First Presidency announced parts the recently of AICPA passed some

the appointment of four new Each succeeding year add examination. Partnership potential.

welfare comgeneral of themembers $2.50 to 3 year price. Contact Donald H. Pickett EllsElders are Leomittee. They

336 South 3rd East Salt Lake City, Utah, 84111 135 S. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH 1964 221 Their Flag Flew on Iwo ]ima worthA. Cullimoreof Deer Park,of OklahomaFlorida; JamesCity,

Oklahoma; Jack R. Prince of Kearns,

Follow their LakeUtah; City.and Arben O. Clark of Salt

tradition by flying Elder Clarence C. Neslen susyour flag on every tained as second counselor to

President Arza A. Hinckley of Ennational, state and sign (Salt Lake City) Stake succeeding Elder Wilford M. Burton,

local holiday. recently called as a mission president.

Always be United States Secretary of In- a good nouncedteriorthatStewartTempleL. SquareUdall andanAmerican hadthe Lionbeen Houserecognizedin SaltasLakeNationalCity

Historic Landmarks by the Advisory

Board on National Parks Historic

Sites, Buildings, and Monuments.

They are among fortyeight sites and monuments selected.

FEBRUARY 1964

February is the traditional birthday penny month for the Priin Children's Salt Hospital mary the Throughout Lake City. month alt ukt SfiJhtime

One of America's Great Newspapers homes will be called upon for birthday pennies—now suggested two

cents or more for every year of the

FAMILY CRESTS COAT OF ARMS donor's age—from Church members

and friends of the Church. This anMISSIONARIES nual drive is used to help defray the

A TAPE RECORDER CAN BE AN expenses of this hospital.

EXCELLENT TOOL IN YOUR WORK The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder O. BUY NOW! of the as president Preston Robinson

SHIELDS WALL WHEN YOU GET HOME President British Mission succeeding PITCHERS PAY WATER

PARCHMENTS SHIELDS DOUBLE WALL STEREOTAPE cilMarionof theD. HanksSeventyof inthethisFirstposition.CounSILICATE PLATES CHINA

is servcurrently President file, Robinson aron including have 100,000 namesWe RECORDER CENTER all for Irish practicallymorials also names. We the general of as ing a memberexecute orders English, for Scottish Welsh and

State Salt 1568 South for othernames nationalities. and the of School Deseret Sunday Lake City, Utah board

IMPERIAL SALES Another Clarence L. Jolley Union. He is general manager of the

964 Laird Ave. EM 3-4184 Enterprise Deseret News Publishing Company. Salt Lake City, Utah

His church positions include membership in bishoprics in New York

City and Salt Lake City, stake and

FOREMAN and CLARK CASHMERE & LAMBSWOOL ward Sunday School superintendents, latest fashions The SWEATERS in men's—women's—boys'in of priesthood the presidency quoQuality at a price you can afford Ladies'Classic Styles and Men's high in a rums, and membership

1 dollars. Satisfaction 23 Accounts Cashmere 10 dollars. Guaranteed Charge Lambswool

MISSIONARY DISCOUNTS Sizes 34"—46". Enquiries: council. As a young man he filled a

4835 South Highland Drive Grie/son, 12 Queen's Drive mission in France. He will be acCottonwood Mall—Salt Lake City Hawick, Scotland companied to this mission assignment by his wife, Mrs. Christine

Hinckley Robinson, who is a memBIND YOUR MAGAZINES IN LOOSELEAF FORM ber of the adult planning group of with an the Church correlation committee.

The couple has two daughters and

IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER ONLY $2.50 a son, all grown.

1963 indexes now available included free—order from

The Improvement Era office, 135 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Man Is This? stayed behind in the desolate city. Lord that I may be sustained

Not until August 9, of that year was through the dark day and at least (Continued from, page 163) he baptized, this just prior to the one ray of light may beam into my battle of Nauvoo. soul, to cheer me on the way. Think

B. H. Roberts gives the following not that 1 am desponding or despairexamination we were discharged."account of the action in this ening, of afflictions, yet my faith is

This incident gives substance to counter in which Squire Wells displaced upon the Lord of Hosts, and the words of Annie Wells Cannon tinguished himself as a man of "come weal, come wo,"I ivill be which she wrote concerning her courage and valor: with you by the 1st of April, or

father, Daniel Wells: "The main shock of the conflict sooner if possible.

"The fact that father refrained was sustained for a time by Gates Excuse my troubling you with my from baptism until after the martyrand Cutler's companies, and they puny affairs, for it is only that you dom of Joseph and Hyrum, the must inevitably have been overmay assist me by your faith that 1

Prophet and Patriarch, and the expowered by the superior numbers of have done so. I should be well

pulsion of the Saints, followed by the mob, had not Esquire Wells pleased to have a line from you, if the battle of Nauvoo in which he come up with Lamoreaux's company convenient. Remember me in love

took a heroic part, was not due to a to reinforce them. to the Council, and accept my sinlack of knowledge and faith in Mor- "The doughty Wells had ridden cerest wishes for the welfare of

monism, but to a belief that he could across an open field exposed to fire yourself and family.

render the people better service as of the enemy.... He rallied the

a nonMormon public official, as spirits of the company and they folYour faithful brother in Christ, well as to the opposition of his famlowed Squire Wells to the front Daniel H. Wells

ily, which he hoped to overcome."where they soon were firing as steadThis, then, was the man to whom ily as their comrades."President Young replied as follows:

the Prophet paid a farewell visit in The attempt of the Saints to hold order to bid him goodbye. The two out against the mob forces was Winter Quarters

had been friends since their first doomed to failure. Squire Wells, Mar. 1, 1848

acquaintance in the spring of 1839, realizing the futility of continued the Prophet being then thirtythree resistance against the vastly superior and Squire Wells twentyfour years number in the enemy camp, was Dear Brother Wells:

of age. instrumental in arranging the sur- I feel to sympathize with you in

yet afflictions, aware your you are property other seventhe owned of by render Among Nauvoo. On

will those time that who by this acres Squire the were eightythe 1846, young teenth of September mob on the bluffs which overlooked the forces marched in triumph through serve the Lord will sacrifice everyMississippi. This was platted into the deserted city. One of the very thing, whether it be land or possescity lots and sold to the Mormon last to cross the river and head tosions, or pecuniary interest or the

refugees at a very low figure and on ward the west was Daniel H. Wells. kindlier affections of the heart, and

easy terms. This kindness to them As it was ever to be, Brother inasmuch as you do this to the glory

at a time when kindness from nonWells'concern was for the Saints. of God you will in no wise lose your

members was a very scarce comHe conducted one group of them to reward in this world, and in the modity marked the beginning of a Winter Quarters and then returned world to come you will receive etergreat affection between Daniel H. to Galesburg, Knox County, Iowa. nal life, glory and immortality. Cheer

in rejoice the day heart your and up the people.Wells The and Mormon his wife, to leave Reluctant who deliverance, comfort your and of built land was Temple uponNauvoo rethe to accept unable been had is that prayer heart offered your my to originally him. belonged hadwhich of of gospel the truths Jesus vealed the time in your behalf, and may up Charter the was Nauvoo When their the son, time Christ, drew and to shall arrive able that be soon we for organizathe providinggranted, he Daniel Wells near knew when restrike go our on hands and way the Legion and of thetion Nauvoo decision. his must make happiness, to joicing peace, land a of of H. Daniel University Nauvoo, following the Sorrowing, wrote he all holiness, enjoy that and we may the CommissaryWells became at letter to WinYoung Brigham will the strength health and and do as Smith (withGeneral, Joseph ter Quarters: us. that sent of Him of the Legion)LieutenantGeneral

and he was also appointed a member of the board of trustees of the UniPresident Young Accept the assurance of versity of Nauvoo. In addition he Dear Sir: Your faithful brother in Christ,

was active as a member of the NauIn regard to my own affairs they Brigham Young voo Agricultural and Manufacturing remain much as usual, whether for

Association, serving with Hyrum my own wickedness, unfaithfulness Daniel H. Wells had read MatSmith, Orson Pratt, and others. or what, I cannot tell, but I see no thew 10:37 many times:

When Brigham Young and the prospect short of complete sacrifice "He that loveth father or mother vanguard group of the Pioneers of everything I hold dear on earth more than me is not worthy of me:

crossed the Mississippi River and as well as in a pecuniary point of and he that loveth son or daughter started the long trek toward the west view, as the kindlier affections of the more than me is not worthy of me."

in February of 1846, Squire Wells, human heart. He made his choice accordingly.

still not a member of the Church, Please to remember me before the After coming west with the Saints

MARCH 1964 223 RILEYUTAH COMPANY Same Day Service in the second company under the of Utah's legislation. He was a memdirection of President Brigham Young ber of four Constitutional Convenin 1856. held of convention himself worthy had proved He GENEALOGY he never saw his wife and son again. tions, serving as president of the of the Constitution the of the the Prophet the confidence He studied

Your document photographed on Lord had in him. Joseph Smith United States, pondered its principrinting plate and 100 exact copies recognized the inherent greatness in ples and understood its application.

printed top quality. Each Plate—Daniel H. Wells. So, too, did Brig- "The consent of the governed,"he

ham Young place great trust in him. maintained, "was the cornerstone of

COPIES He selected Brother Wells as his our Republic."

100 FOR $3. SO counselor in the First Presidency, One contemporary, the Honorable

which position Brother Wells filled Jesse N. Smith of Arizona, a statesMail us your copy faithfully and well from 1857 to 1891. man himself once said:

Write for sample In the military history of the Lat- "Since George Washington's time terday Saints, the name of Daniel the United States, in my estimation, 145 S. State St. Ph: 3282041 has produced only two great statesSalt Lake City, Utah 841 1 men, one of whom is Abraham Lincoln and the other Daniel H. Wells."

He served creditably for ten years as mayor of Salt Lake City, was

ETERNITY IS NOW made a member of the first board

University of Des- $50 TO BY LEONA FETZER WINTCH of regents of the $500 CASH! yearseret andas chancellorsubsequentlyof thatservedinstitution.for nine

L.FOR YOUR -CHURCH Unbought treasures come to man; On the Sunday following the arGrasping, getting, keeping—dying rival of Daniel H. Wells in the valley

his death, he does not Long before President Salt the of Lake Great MONEY! SEND NO in his hands. blessings Scatter superintenof your appointed 10 members him time every Young $50.00 CASH

ChocKitchen-Fresh of sell cans 10 each group announced and of public works dent per can. at $1.00 Coconettes or olettes

cost canisters size to The first PROFIT! project be would 100% the that to have God, madest man, Thou O $1.00! for 50c only group onelb.each—sell the Temple wall around 100 a lc! build Order dominion EVEN NOT INVESTMENT! yourNO

to send days to 30 up Take today. cans 500 to directed this capacity he In Block. creations. not he Should thy Over number phone name, your Give payment.

etc. address, the title,name, Taberthe address, of Old complete construction the and first

of each quantity group, of officer, name of 2nd and House, the nacle, Endowment parcel hast self? (no crowned Dominion Office Thou Freight nearest desired, and

cost shipping cover sent Extras FREE post). Fillmore. at He s State the House glory. honor with Honor and Him GROUPS TO of toOPEN OFFER the during force directive a also was TODAY! crown Rockies.WRITE eastONLY!

VERNE COLLIER, Dept. IE-5 Is lost in greed and sends him far construction of the Salt Lake Tem-

W 900 N. 19th St., Birmingham 3, Ala, a From "a little lower than the angels."ple and the Tabernacle.

Hollow shibboleths crucify his spirit, During the years in Utah until his

Tomb his furnaced soul. death, March 24, 1891, Squire Wells

was associated with all the interIN CSE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS But when, from out the sepulchre of ests of the Church and the developAids in treatment of Canker, simple life ment of the commonwealth. In

sore throat and other minor mouth He stands, heaven shines upon every capacity in which he acted he and throat irritations. His head; sloth and sin no longer was the embodiment of wisdom, inShadow him nor bar his windows. tegrity, and honor, fearless in deHALL'S REMEDY This, in life,Eternityis resurrection.is now. fendingDid youfriendeverandwondertruth. what the

Salt Lake City. Utah Prophet Joseph Smith saw in this

man, not a member of the Church, that he made a point to visit him last his ride on bid him farewell and STAMP POSTING CLERK WARD

Posting) Statistical I don't I did. Complete (Assures But Nauvoo? from

all others, of the led Wells names H.

it more. U.S.A. any about wonder Postpaid $3.00 in of 1846 defense the Nauvoo from

Business Quorum, Stake, for character, the his Ward, of Stamps grandeur The in of treaty 1868 which peace to the Specifications to Your Use Made Personal and trust fidelity to every loyalty and in hostilities Utah. Indian terminated SALES STAMP RUBBER QUALITY is reWells Daniel H. placed upon City, Utah Salt Lake of that It said he has been him Ave. Kensington5

Phone 4851543 was the Robert E. Lee type of vealed best through a statement

soldier—a true leader combined with from his own lips:

Little Giant Hotomatic a great heart. "... and it is interwoven in my

No. Heater Water Gas 3 He was both a lawyer and a law character never to betray a friend, all water supply Will the hot

reliBaptistries, for Church needed Heats maker and for a period of forty years or a brother, my country, my Rest Kitchens, Rooms. 450 GPH, 20 rise in temperahe had much to do with the shaping gion, or my God."

ture. Inexpensive. Write for

free folders on water heaters and Fiberglass Baptistries.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Words are fascinating. They're tools and symbols

and games, if you like. They're a collection of

letters or a mood maker.

They sound alike and spell different tear and tier or not and knot or pray and prey.

They look the same but mean something else litter and litter. What'll you have puppies or

scrappaper on the lawn?

Take the o from board and you're talking about poets. Add an s to hear and you are in the clipping business. Change mad to dam and tort to

trot. Rhyme cord and fjord and tasty and pasty.

Scramble the letters in slat and you are low man on the totem pole.

Say square and what you mean depends upon your generation.

Say surf and today you are talking about athletics on the dance floor instead of at the beach.

The bat of an eyelash or the tilt of the head can change no to yes in moment. Yes, words

are fascinating. Taking a new look at some old

words in your life is a gay way of spending a day and might possibly give you an insight into making the most out of what you have to work with, whether it's words or opportunities and talents!

And that's what this issue is all about.

Elaine Cannon

TDISGONNEC

DISCONNECT your social life from your church life and the outcome is apartheid.

SHY Why? You ore a

child of God. And that's

something. And so is

everyone else. So why

be shy?

LOVE: a splendid way of feeling, not -to

be confused with any less lofty emotion.

s>W SAFETY: Be safe in your driving...

you're whole future is pinned to it.

BOYS who learn to use their priesthood just as they learn to use a car accomplish great good for Heavenly Father (in his name and for his purposes) among his children on earth.

ELEPHANT: good for joke telling but

better for reminding that remembering is smart for people as well as elephants.

PROPS in your life: legs sturdy

from exercise; conscience

pricked by the Holy Ghost;

mind quickened by learning;

parents who love you.

SCHOOL: a Ln cling to some, a system to others, a preCiOus time in y< ir life to the wisest among you.

*—''.—-."*.'-r r-.W..

OVERWEIGHT: he who eats much gains much; also loses much'

VERWEIGHT

TWIST your thinking like your dancing, twist your friends around your finger, twist your dad's arm to get your way and one day you'll wish you'd played it straight.

upsiqo/Aix

UPSIDE DOWN values can bring heartbreak.

Putting first things first, top things on top, takes some selfdiscipline but reaps rewards

TRIO: can be fun when it's a singing situation but not so fun when it's twois-a-couplebut-threeis-onetoo-many.

PURE: what soap is and everyone ought to be.

EMBARRASS a friend thoughtlessly, and you may find he is one no longer.

aVU'MfMMIHimflM

RESIST temptation and tattling and compromising your standards, no matter what.

v LONELY AND TOGETHER: if all the

lonely ones got together, what a happy crowd that would be.

TO TOG LO TE I E E N E H cHH L E E Y R R R JUMP around from friend fo friend, from job to job, from hobby to hobby and you get nowhepe very fast.

I

Urn

HIGH principled people walk tall

ADD to your knowledge of the gospel and add strength to your

convictions.

DISAPPEAR: concentrated effort in the right direction can

make most bad habits disappear.DISAPP1

BOAST of your busyness and you'll soon find yourself with nothing to do.

ECLIPSE is a sun thing or a moon thing but it can happen to people when a bright star is on the scene.

LOUNGE in front of a TV set, around the house, the church, the street light, the corner store and watch the rest of the world go by. Lounge is another way of

saying lazy.

CONSCIENCE can be a young adult's best friend. Cultivate one!

COZY: Peace of mind creates a cozy feeling.

SKIING is like life... uphill and downhill and tracked with exciting patterns. NG

DEPTH: in your innermost part, in the very depth of your soul you should know The Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is his kingdom on earth. Pray for this knowledge.

The Last Word

"What kept you so late at school, The teacher was checking

Sammy?"questioned his mother. her student's knowledge of

"The teacher kept me in because I proverbs. "Cleanliness is

didn't know where the Himalayas next to what?"she asked.

are.""Serves you right. You ought A small boy replied with

to remember where you put them."real feeling: "Impossible."

Man is an eternal being, his body is eternal. It may die and slumber, but it will burst

the barriers of the tomb and come forth in the resurrection of the just.—President John Taylor

A teacher must be like an expert garThe lazier a man is, Wisdom denotes the pursuing of dener. She must know when to hoe, the more he plans the best ends by the best means.

when to prune, and when to leave alone. to do tomorrow.—Francis Hutcheson the Elder

The nicest thing about the future is Money is a good servant, that it only happens one day at a time. but a dangerous master.

A man can wear He is a wise man who does not If you confer a benehis hair three ways: grieve for the things which fit, never remember it;

parted, unparted, he has not but rejoices for if you receive one, or departed. those which he has.—Epictetus never forget it.—Cicero

Flattery: The power to describe Not what we give, but what we share, For the gift

others as they see themselves. without the giver is bare.—James Russell Lowell

"Easter, says MerriamWebster's New Collegiate An item appeared

Dictionary, is from "the Anglo Saxon eastre, in a trade paper the from the name of the old Teutonic goddess of other day that more spring, the Anglo Saxon eastre. Easter is the than two thousand

first Sunday after the first full moon that elephants are refalls on or next after the vernal equinox. (March quired to make our

21 in the Gregorian calendar); if the full moon piano keys. Isn't it

happens on Sunday, Easter is celebrated one wonderful what week later. Easter Sunday cannot be earlier those huge animals

than March 22 or later than April 25...."can be trained to do?

PERMANENT DIGNITY Maintenance Free Through the decades ahead, the permanent beauty

of this chapel will stand in mute testimony to the

wise investment in BRICK....Church building experts

choose BRICK because it is enduringly strong, inspiringly beautiful, yet low in cost and economical to maintain. Interstate BRICK offers the variety of

modern brick sizes, textures, and shades adaptable to any architects plan, or cost limitation.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Dr. John T. Harris held fast

to a dream... a dream that

was about to be fulfilled.

Eagerly on a Monday morning he went to check on the progress of his new clinic buildwere place the workmen by and in boards and bricks—merely notThe Dream ing. The boards and bricks put

they represented years of hard work in a small community,.. Substance serving the people of his town

and surrounding towns with excellent dental care. Little did

the doctor realize as he walked up the makeshift board ramp to the side door of the structure that he would never see the building completed.

Noticing a pool of water on the floor, indicating a problem below, John Harris, age 35, crawled under to investigate.

He came in contact with electric wiring which, then grounded against his body, snuffed out his life.

Seven months prior to this tragic mishap, Dr. Harris had

wisely added a $50,000 Beneficial Life Insurance policy to his estate. Mrs. Harris and their

children were spared an unbearable financial burden which otherwise would have been added to their burden of grief at the loss of a young husband and father.

Total premiums of $791 returned $50,000 to help rear a family of youngsters who must now manage without a father.

Here, again, the wisdom and the miracle of life insurance!

From the Beneficial Life files

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Over 590 million dollars of life insurance in force.