ipi

Zi

The Improvement Era September 1959

GET YOUR EDUCATION THE Y'S WAY

A GREAT UNIVERSITYBrigham Young University is one BUT THERE IS A 'PLUS'AT BYUAlthough it offers all the

of the great universities of the world. Its students come advantages of a big university, BYU retains all the

from every state and 48 foreign countries; its faculty has friendliness and attention of the small college. Also

been trained in a hundred universities; its modern religious training is combined with the academic, phyfacilities are excellent and the campus is expanding. sical, and social for balanced education the Y's way.

—.. CUP AND MAIL—-,—

TO: Public Relations Department Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah REMEMBER THESE DATESPlease send me more information about BYU. I am Freshman Orientation Sept. 2124

especially interested in Registration Sept. 2526

NAME

ADDRESSCITY STATE. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

PROVO-U T AH All the flavor:.:...::. I w lllllll

is not in the cheese (or the salad or dip or soup, or whatever you serve with Saltine 51 Crackers by Purity)

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Unusual Sunsets

With the right combination of atmospheric conditions a brilliant green flash can be observed at the moment of sunset just as the sun

disappears below the horizon. Sometimes the green flash may even be

completely detached from the sun's disk and floating above the horizon when the sun has disappeared.

Chromosomes Your favorite cheese or cheese spread.—tasty

Highfrequency pulsed radio as it may be—is even more delicious with the

the behavior can influencewaves of perky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh in the cause changescells and

chromosomes, according to studies and crackling crisp, so really special.

at the New England Institute for

Medical Research in Ridgefield, When the appetizer, or the snack,

Connecticut. The frequencies used calls for crackers, taste what a

were in the range of 6 to 27 megacycles. difference Saltines by

Purity makes.

Railway Beetles The females and larvae of the railway beetles have a red light on the head and rows of green lights along the body.

Retreads, 2000 B.C. At your favorite grocer's

Copper tires were attached to in 1 and 2 pound cartons chariot wheels at Susa (located in modern Iran) about 2000 B. C.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

SEPTEMBER 1959 633 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

....:.....:..,.,:.. /. '

Contents for September 1959 Volume 62, Number 9

Church Features

Editor's Page: We Believe in Being True..., President David O. McKay.... 646

Your Question—Did Jesus Perform Baptisms?

President Joseph Fielding Smith '. 648 Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement The Church Moves On, 644; Melchizedek Priesthood: Laying the Foundation for Priesthood Committee,Associations, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music

Reactivation, 668; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 670. and other agencies of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints..

Special Features

Education in the Church, Doyle L. Green 649

Seminaries, Boyd K. Packer 656

Institutes, A. Theodore Tuttle 660

Growth of the Church, Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 664

In Sight of the Summit ( So That's What Boys are Made Of—XII )

W. Cleon Skousen 672

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 690, 697, 700 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 633; These Times: Strategic Meeting Place Improvement Era photographs,

for East and West, G. Homer Durham, 636; Letters and Reports, 638. 467,Ernst 671Wittke, the cover, 449 to

Art, Era Staff, 648, 663, 665, 666, 676, 711 667, 702, 668, 670, Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock

Roberts, Armstrong H. 636, 668

A Wise Food Storage Plan, Merritt H. Egan, M. D 702 Max Tharpe, 673, 674

To a Teenage Girl, On Being a Lady 710

The Last Word 712

Stories, Poetry

Not So Ordinary, L. K. Twitty 676

Poetry 678, 681, 682, 686, 688, 693, 697, 700, 711

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

O. and Richard David McKay

Editor; Production Albert L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;JohnL. Green,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

Directors. Art Maryon, and Ed

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperhy, Contributing Editors.

JosephThayer T.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative.Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snabr, Subscription Director; THE COVER:

The youth of the Church, fresh, vibrant, eager, wholesome,

Inc., Saints. of All rights the Associations Christ of Latterday 1959 Funds, Copyright Jesus by and by Mutual the Mutual Church Improvement published

this in typified are month's cover issues. for single special in reserved. Subscription except in advance;of price, a year, foreignsubscriptions, year, $2.50 copy, $3.00 a 25c advance;

of a picture of students group from Office, at the Post Salt rate for City, special of 1103. in section Entered as secondclass for mailing postage Act provided matter. Acceptance Lake Utah

Institute of Religion in the of 1917, 1918. Octoberat authorized 2, July

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of lVfec Salt Lake City.

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

634 the improvement era g&!!ftw$Ki!i

1 Commentary on the Fold One of Mormon Book MORMON and IV OIK 8F Volume George Reynolds and Sjodahl M. Janne

Arranged Amplified by One Shepherd and

Philip C. Reynolds and Thomas Stuart Ferguson

David Sjodahl King Ancient treasures found in

This fourth volume deals Middle America and the with Book of Alma, chapters Middle East are compared and 44 inclusively, 27 through gt086i W*m \ forbookthewrittenfirst timeby Presidentin this explains important paseach sage, relating to other LDS,WII!.S*11 chaeologicalof the New Foundation.World Arscriptures. $5.00

1-A Volume I $5.00 Vividly illustrated.

!-B Volume II $4.00 $6.00

1-C Volume III $5.00 j -.*"*

Outline History

of Utah and the Mormons Gustive O. Larson

This compact history of the settlement of the territory of

Deseret makes interesting reading and is also a complete reference book to Utah's history. Includes chapters on

Indian Relations, Utah Social Patterns, etc. $2.75

Joseph Smith and World Government Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus

This remarkable study reveals that the

Prophet laid the foundation of the

as religious sphere. $1.75DeseretSBooh Co. Kingdom of God in a political as well

*- J3Easl South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah..., -*

Deseret Book Company 44 Eost South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) Dead Sea Scrolls money order charge for encircled( ) I have(numbered)an account.books:Please and OriginalO. PrestonChristianityRobinson

1 1-A IB 1-C 2 3 Dr. Robinson toured the Holy Land,

Name madefacts relatinga firsthandto thestudyDeadof Seaall existingScrolls, and now offers new insight into one

Address of the most exciting religious discoveries in centuries.

City - Zone.... State $2.00

Residents of Utah include 2V2% sales tax.

SEPTEMBER 1959 635

These Times

setup... TW.

ake down... TfW

asier with iff* Samson ite Banquet Tables Jm*

India: strategic meetingplace Buffets! Banquets! Bazaars!

table: Banquet Laminated top, in for East and West 72"or 96"length Chip and rustre-

sistant finish Electrically welded tubular steel frame Easy folding action, Jocks automatically "Wipeby Dr. G. Homer Durham

off"edges Folds or stacks away Vice President, University of Utah

Closes to only 2Vs"thickness.

The east and west have met in enter the Indian Ocean. Edgar AnIndia, and out of the meeting has sel Mowrer and Marthe Rajchman

mmMmmmMm come a rich but unfulfilled opporwrote many years ago, "The Indian

IIIillBISiilBSl tunity. Ocean... is essentially a center

The independence of India is imfrom which to go places. Because

portant to the stability of the present you can go so many places, this body world. India need not be an ally of water is of great strategic imporof the Western powers to fulfil this tance."The Indian peninsula juts

role. If independent, its neutrality directly into this "center."

may have more strategic value in the Dominated by the Portuguese, long run. Americans, Canadians, Dutch, French, and finally the

and western Europeans may thereBritish for nearly four hundred fore encourage a neutral, indeyears, India became independent on pendent India. August 15, 1947. East and west have

Guaranteed I The fact that the Dalai Lama met in India for nearly four hundred

Good Houskt*p'in{ > sought refuge from his native Tibet vears. Out of the meeting has come

in the spring of 1959 indicates somesignal opportunity for further world

VinylClad PlastiShield Table: Vinylthing of the role of India. Subcommunication. Unlike other parts

sealedto-metal surface can't burn, continent of Asia, it is yet in constant of Asia, meeting is still possible here.

scratch, or stain Chip and rustre- cultural communication with China, Americans, Canadians, and their sistant finish Tubular steel legs Russia, and all the emerging states respective foreign policies, have one

Smart upholstered appearance (and wouldbe-states) bordering on of their greatest opportunities in

Closes to only 1%"thickness. the Indian Ocean. These include India. That is to respect the indeIran, the Arab countries, Pakistan, pendence and neutrality of India

Burma, Ceylon, Malaya, Australia, and at the same time to take full and the southeast African lands. advantage of the opportunity to unForSamsonitecomplete information on all Suez, the Red Sea, and the Persian derstand this part of the AfroAsian

tint H InstitutionalSamsonite products Int Gulf, with its rich petroleum lands, realm in {Continued on page 690) in see the Yellow Pages (CHAIRS, ffttPages folding), write: or Bros., Yellow Shwayder

Institutional Seating Division,

Dept.lE-9, Detroit 29, Mich,1959

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Grandmother

CIRCULATION! IMPROVES increased action of NOW MILLIONS CAN ENJOY tell you that Doctors

the main body muscles will instantly step up your circulation. If your circulation is

sluggish, increasing the rate of flow through your arteries and veins will make you feel and stay more youthful and you'll look better. Where blood circulation is poor,

exercycle helps the vital organs to function more ination efficiently,and thehelpsremovalthe processesof wastes.of elimThe youthful energy

normal heart, lungs and brain all benefit from stepped up blood circulation. after 35!

New, modern, electric exerciser keeps you Fit, Trim, Active and Youthful!

It's no longer necessary to twist, bend, will simply amaze you, and at a pace that strain and deplete your energy in order to will delight and astound you.

keep yourself slender, active and youthful. Send for free exercycle literature now

And you can stop struggling with yourself and learn what tens of thousands of men and with manually operated devices. For and women know, that there is no form of

there's nothing that can put you back into vibrator, bath, massage, reducing or slendergood physical shape faster, easier and safer izing technique that can take the place of: than this amazing exercycle. ACTION OF THE MAIN BODY MUSCLES. Turn

In less than 5 days, any normal adult, reyour spare moments into improving yourself

SMALL, SILENT AND ECONOMICAL! gardless of size, weight or sedentary condiphysically and enjoy the many blessings that

Exercycle is so small, compact and silent tion, can, with the help of this wonderful daily exercise can bring your way.

most users keep it in their bedrooms. Fits automatic exerciser, simulate the fast, vigorride corner.into or small nook any can You the runner, of expert cyclist, ous movement Also distributed in Canada into sleep. Plugs while others any In less Yes! gymnast. or rower swimmer, electricity set. lesssocket.it than a Uses TV wall

Buy it on easy terms. than 5 days, you'll be doing exercises that llllil

Helps body muscles to become stronger, firmer and EXERCYCLE CORPORATION more flexible without manual effort on your part 630 THIRD AVENUE

NEW YORK 17. N. Y.

literature Send me FREE exercises! or active Relaxed

demonstration. I want home a FREE

is fully adjustExercycle present able to your and Mr.

Mrs; needs. physiological future (please———print) Miss easily limit There's no to how

exercise or actively can you

. gradAddress- it. It builds with you up

ually, allowing you to expand your activities as your musCity- cles become stronger and more flexible, without ever Zone-.Stateexceeding your limitations.

Telephone No..

SEPTEMBER 1959 637

Now Ready to Serve You the new BEEHIVE Carl W. Buehner, president Letters

Complete Banking Service and 9 Bankby-Mail DriveIn Window CheckingSavings Accounts Loans Reports

Meet our friendly officers The Junior Gleaner Class of the Las

Vegas First Ward of the Las Vegas ( Nevada ) Stake taken at Sheaf Binding OPEN YOUR Ceremony on May to Front row, left ACCOUNT NOW right San-: Donna

131 EAST 1st SOUTH ford, Lucile Bunker,

Salt Lake City, Utah (leader) Beth WhipPhone DAvis 8-0151 ple.

Second row: Pam

Price, Nancy Contner, Marilyn Johnson, Paige Holt.

Third row: CaroNEW... lyn Morris, Sandra

Elaine Shupe, HeyThe Fast Natural Way to wood, Potter, Janice Sill. 3. All members have earned individual Kay Mona

Learn a Foreign Language Leavitt,Fourth Yvonnerow: Stewart,Judith James,Elaine Averett.Sharron awardstwo exceptions.each year for four years with

In just three weeks from now 'you can ( Deanna Davenport, unable to appear for 4. There are four converts to the

speak enough French, Spanish, German, picture. Church in this group.

or Italian to enable you to get along Standing on right: Gloria Ellsworth, 5. This class has given a total of 129

with ease and confidence in a foreign who holds Silver Gleaner Leader award. service hours during this past year.country—ask and understand direc- 6. Three of these girls have been given

tions, order meals in hotels and restaurAccomplishments of this class: scholarships to Brigham Young University.ants—just by using the amazingly 1. All members have been Honor Bees, 7. Four of the girls that started last

simple method in the new Mia Joys, and have bound the Gleaner June as Junior Gleaners completed the 1959 Funk & Wagnalls Sheaf. program on the regular instead of the

2. All are Silver Gleaners. modified form.

Self Taught Language Books With this simple, commonsense method you learn to speak in sentences right from the start!

GUARANTEED to start you speaking a new In "Some Personal Impressions"tailed or restricted. Some meetings

language you pay—or nothing. of President Henry D. Moyle in the were held, and some conference mesfor a free examinaMail coupon

tion of the want. copy you book

five; if for conJuly Improvement Era some inadsages were broadcast, but only a not daysUse it

vinced it can start you speaking vertent errors appeared: limited and specific number were inthreea within language new

return the bookweeks and owe Column one, paragraph six, page vited to attend because of wartime nothing. 542 should read, "He is available to conditions.

sick three, the two, the sorrowing, to those paragraph Mail and Column Today Coupon

IE959 Dept. I Funk Company, & Wagnalls troubles bring "I recall read: personal that 542 should and page who Street, 10, 24th N. Y. 153 East York New

Self Please send Taught me the book I problems, as he is to high placed we poured out our hearts in petitiondays'for 5 checked have Free Examinbelow ation. men who come to him to counsel."ing for help we needed on an errand

New FRENCH GERMAN Q New New ITALIAN SPANISH In column two, paragraph one, not of our own."New

Within postage 5ordaysreturnI willthe eitherbook andremitowe$3.50nothing.plus "duringpage 542,Worlda WarsentenceII... says. Generalthat (pageThe 542)last paragraphshould readof "Withthe articlethe

Name conferences as such were canceled."firm faith and conviction he has,"

Address This should more accurately read etc.

Zone... City State that general conferences were curWe regret these errors. This artiorder for (If you enclose check or money

guarantee and return privilpostage—sameege.)$3.50 with this coupon we will pay the

J 638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CHOOSE FROM THE FINEST OR OLDER CLASSICS

BOOKS JUST OFF THE PRESS.. YOU'VE BEEN MEANING TO BUY

| TRUTHS

'm****: tew--

"Religious Truths Defined"by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. compares IDS doctrine

with the beliefs of other Christian faiths. Treats

such important subjects as the Godhead, the preexistence, the fall and atonement, the apostasy, etc.

HOW THE LDS BOOKS HOW TO J< SAVES YOU UP TO 20% HOW TO GET YOUR BOOKS

You join by ordering one or more of the books

With every four books you buy you receive a fifth pictured above. Each month you will receive rebook free... thus you get five choice Church views of several carefully selected books...

with one being named book of the month. If you

books for the price of four. A long list of bonus wish to receive the top book, you do nothing—it

will be sent to you postpaid along with a statebooks will be provided from which you make your ment. If you do not want the book, you return

selection. Dozens of marvelous Church books are the postcard provided for an alternate or none at

all. You may order as few as one book every

available through the club and carry bonus credit. three months to keep your membership active.

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

SAVINGS up to 20% LDS Books Club, P.O. Box 385, Salt Lake City 7, Utah

I want the finest library available. Enroll me in the LDS Books CONVENIENCE Club and send me: "Religious Truths Defined,"$3.95 ( ); "Leadership,"

Basic ); Vol. I, $3.95 Course in Genealogy,"$3.50 ( "A of books delivered to of ( the); ProphetVol. 2, ); the Christ,"$3.95 "Jesus ( $3.50 ( ); "Teachings

your door Joseph Smith,"$3.50 ( ); "Discourses of Brigham Young,"$3.50 { ).

METHODICAL way to Name add to your library Address

.*. State.. - BEST NEW LDS BOOKS City

OLDER LDS CLASSICS Amount(Utah residentsof checkaddor money1Vi/t> salesorder tax.)enclosed:If you$ do not wish to mutilate

this page, send information required on separate sheet. (Sept. 1959)

LDS Books Club SEPTEMBER 1959 639 Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many 'P*<1-*JilMIJl

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K INSTANT artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand. Postum

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods C

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA now/ the full pLow op cle went to press in the absence of the author. D. L. G. BiBLe history—ftzom

Y. Paul Elder

) of AdAm And eve to the ( Torchy Dunn the Oakland Second Ward, H a y w a r d ( California ) Stake, sensAtionAL discovery has been named as the Assistant National Director of the Boy Scouts of Amerop the deAd seA scrolls/ ica contingent to the Tenth World Boy Scout Jamboree to be held this summer in the Makiling National Park, Philippines.

Elder Dunn teaches Sunday School course 11 in the Oakland Second Ward and is assistant Scout executive of the

Oakland Area Council. He formerly

served on the staff of the Salt Lake, Logan, and Ogden councils and for thirteen years was an assistant Scout executive for the

Los Angeles Council, Boy Scouts of

America.

Two hundred and sixteen Explorer

Scouts will represent the United States and ten of them are Latterday Saint boys. The contingent will have stopovers in Honolulu, Tokyo, Hong Kong,

and Bangkok.

s the geographical location of the Garden of Eden known?

What mysteries do the banks of the Tigris—the Euphrates—hold

for us? Was it here that Noah's Ark ran aground—and the world

began again? What evidence in the ruins of Jericho reveal Joshua's

great seige of the famous walled city?

Here is the full drama of the land of the Bible. Of the peoples, the places, the

events, the times—of the palaces, kingdoms, empires—of the bondages,

battles and wars—from the very beginning when God created the world to the

sensational discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls! Never before has the feeling, life,

beauty of another age been made so meaningful and real for the modern reader!

STORY OF THE BIBLE WORLD is a must for every home. You may acquire

a copy at your bookseller—or, by mailing the Free Trial Examination Coupon

below today.,*-

125 ACTUAL 30 FULLCOLOR A Partial List Of Contents

PHOTOGRAPHS MAPS 4-PAGE The Creation Pontius Pilate

Great Crusades Eve and The Adam fascinating, The reHammond's TIME CHART cartographoto- nowned Constantine and Noah Ark The of this storyfilledgraphs fabulous years spent phers

The Great Acolor chartfullAlexander weresuin perb volume Fall Of Babylon preparing "time"these prepared been has breathtaking, painstakingly Nativity Exodus The The follow help relief gathered you the from color mapsfull- a glance—the great to—at museums, the against which Fall Crucifixion of Jericho The

Bible of universities flow and epic great drama of David The Roman Empire Kingdom archeological the historyfull socifrom is Bible eties of on! Stone world. Age the and ofplayed!the Calvary Caesar

Mt. Sinai King Solomon

C. S. HAMMOND & CO. Maplewood, New Jersey Herod the Great Daniel, The Prophet

Bishop William L. Taylor (right), Also Available At Your Bookseller—and many, many more-'

Fourth Ward, Las Vegas, Nevada, can now talk "flying"with even the hottest jet pilots in his congregation. Bishop Free Trial Examination—No Obligation

Taylor was taken aloft in a Lockheed T-33 Send No Money - Mail Coupon Today jet by Captain Dick Houssum (left), instructor pilot at Nellis Air Force Base. C. S. Hammond and Company, Dept. 30 515 Valley Street, Maplewood, N. J.

Taylor's Bishop of ward Several members for,Here—obligation, you Please me, without send

felt—trial of basis,if Nellis, the at bishop a on pilots copy a examination EDI- D Checksame and are 10 day wishDE to inLUXEexamine, luxuriouslytrial—free genuine boundthe handBIBLE freeOP THE it STORY just that understood what time he high in covers, I TIONleatherfinish gold, tenWORLD, linenbound. days, somely After ornamented may

if illustrated the papers. dissatisfied return decorated with—end volume and owe and all about. jet flying was

it $2 Or, for Only not penny. more! a forever keep may Air Tactical Force and Air Twelfth plus only $5.95 $2 postage,I payable monthly.

Command approved the flight, and after being carefully fitted with a flying suit, Name.

parachute, gloves, helmet, and mask the bishop was given a thorough briefing on Address.

all necessary emergency procedures.

State lone Bishop Taylor's only comment after the City

Enclose the Regular SAVE MORE Edition—ONor, EITHERif you prefer,EDITION! this Luxefor $5.95De coupon now—andEditionsave. withthe privilege Full refund$7.95 guaranteed. shipping. andfor thereturn cost of handling and

SEPTEMBER 1959 641 flight was that he would have to hurry since it would take him thirty minutes to drive through traffic in order to meet a speaking engagement. This seemed

somewhat of a paradox since the previous thirty minutes had taken him from Nellis to the Grand Canyon, back to Las Vegas, over Mount Charleston, and back to Nellis via Indian Springs.

Bishop Taylor is not the type to be shaken easily. Captured during World

War II, he was a prisoner of war for n three years. After the war, he joined

his brother in forming Taylor Steel Co.

Iks and recently successfully completed allfeS& the structural steel work in the domeshaped Las Vegas Convention Center.

APO San Francisco Dear Editors:

Believe me I would sincerely like to write telling a letter spirityou how much ious ual comfort these Eras Improvement bring to servicemen who are stationed away from home and loved ones and especially to those of us stationed at APO 64.

K1 i As yet no group leader or missionary has managed to reach us here but three of us do our best to gather each Sunday to have study meetings and my wife who TRUTH is not a member of the Church was thoughtful enough to order the Era for:'3Ml> me. I just received the first three copies

(February,We will March,be dependingApril). almost entirely

on the Era for our study subjects as *. -—* t*r (blush) we only have one Book of Mormon among three of us, and we all live

in different quarters. The following address will greatly facilitate the arrival of

our Favorite Magazine.

I remain, l#Mir*g Sincerely your brother in "the gospel,"S Sgt. Hubert Wilson

**** Pleasant Plains, S. I. 9, N. Y.

Dear Editors:

Through the great courtesy and kindness of Apostle Spencer W. Kimball, the

Era has come to us for many months now.

RELIGIOUS TRUTHS DEFINED areNeedlesseven tosendingsay, weit onenjoyto itothergreatly,peopleand is likely not too by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. muchto joinas yourthis flock,preacherfor of reasons conHere is a volume just off the press that fills a science alone.

vital need in Church literature. Compares Latter- a wordAt thisof time,decidedthough,praise Ito wantthe architectsto send

day Saint doctrine with the beliefs of various who design the new churches of LDS.

Christian religions, presenting the revealed truths The issue, showing these new churches, of God in a simple, straightforward manner. Conwas such an inspiration, that I took occasion to it to at least show others, a dozen tains a information wealth of on key

of literadoctrinal many saw whom "Mormon"preexistence, points, including the Godhead, man's first ture for the lives. in time their Let

the fall and atonement, the apostasy, baptism, me say here and now, that I have never salvation, and the second coming. Invaluable to all seen such a wonderful combination of

students of the gospel. bothbuilding,modernas wasarchitectureprinted inandtheinspirationalEra a few

months ago. If I ever get to build a

church of our own, I shall assuredly beg of allow you to to use one of your me $395 OKQ plans! I this, Could but continue the

letter would become a page of praise—

and my poor typewriter is not a good medium for the transfer of the thoughts of man!

Cordially yours, In our Master's service wm& (The Rev.)

Knut Halle, D. D.

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Brick upon Brick:

Precept upon BUILDIN

like the religious training in our church schools is used to build

strength and beauty for many years to structural soundness... beauty... low

come. Architects, contractors and church original cost and minimum maintenance.

engineers have wisely chosen brick for conThey know that, like character, buildings

struction of these buildings because of its must be strong to endure.

'etds BRICK CO.

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1959 643 The Church Moves On SAFEWAY and June 1959 Cheyenne (Wyoming) and Denver West (Colorado) stakes, the 286th and 287th stakes, were formed from parts ofSEPTEMBER Denver Stake under the direction of Elders Spencer W. Kimball and f)elbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve. Elder

September is backto-school month Archie R. Boyack sustained as president of Cheyenne Stake with

with special attention on Education and Elders Blaine B. Blonquist and Raymond Price as counselors. The

Opportunities in the city and on the stake includes Cheyenne, Laramie, Laramie Second, Scottsbluff farm. (Nebraska) wards, and Torrington and Greeley (Colorado)

Safeway, always active and interested branches. Scottsbluff, Torrington, and Greeley memberships were

in community affairs, plays an imformerly a part of the Western States Mission. Elder Thomas L.

portant part in providing education and Kimball, formerly second counselor in the Denver Stake, sustained opportunities for the young people of this as president of Denver West Stake with Elders R. Raymond Barnes

area. and Russell C. Taylor sustained as counselors. Denver West Stake

For instance, Safeway supports the includes Denver Second, Denver Fifth, Denver Sixth, Denver scholarship programs at Utah Colleges Seventh, and Boulder wards. President Edward E. Drury, Jr.,

to help deserving students secure an remains as president of Denver Stake with his first counselor, education. Safeway works with the Elder Victor L. Brown. Elder Theodore A. Christensen sustained

Junior Achievement group, the 4-H and as second counselor. Englewood, Denver First, Denver Third,

FFA, and participates in dozens of Denver Fourth, Denver Eighth (formerly Derby Branch) are the junior livestock shows to encourage the wards of this stake. The SpanishAmerican Branch is also a part

training of young leaders. of Denver Stake. Cheyenne Stake has a membership of 2425;

Denver West has a membership of 3490; and Denver Stake has a

Safeway also provides employment to membership of 3533, some four hundred more than when Denver more than 2000 fulland parttime Stake was originally organized some seventeen years ago.

workers in Utah and Idaho. ManageElder Howard J. Clegg sustained as president of Tooele

ment opportunities are always open for (Utah) Stake, with Elders E. Wayne Hatch and Glen R. Williams

local employees with initiative and abilas counselors, succeeding President Alex F. Dunn and his counity. selors, Elders P. Ross Gowans and Raymond E. Pehrson.

Safeway, born in this area, offers Elder Donald M. Bagley sustained as second counselor of

many opportunities for the youth of Cannon (Salt Lake City) Stake, succeeds Elder Lloyd W. Guest.

Utah and Idaho, as well as the best President C. Leland Davey heads this stake; his first counselor

food at the lowest prices for families, is Elder S. Perry Lee.

and extensive marketing facilities to sell the products of local firms.

July 1959 FRIEND OF THE FAMILY President David O. McKay announced the appointment of

FRIEND OF THE FARMER Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of the Twelve as chairman of the Church welfare program, succeeding

President Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency. Elder Henry D.

Taylor, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, was named managing director of the program, succeeding Elder Harold B. Lee of the

Council of the Twelve. SAFEWAY It was announced that Elders John D. Rogers and Ray B.

McKinnon had been appointed as counselors to President A. Bent

Peterson of the Manti (Utah) Temple. (Continued on page 694)

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A "hot"ring helps tame an old enemy

Atomic radiation helps this man do his job. scientists to help defeat an old enemy—wear... to learn

He's Dr. Hugh Macpherson, one of Standard's research what it is, what causes it, how to prevent it.

engineers. The "hot"ring he's holding is an ordinary Our progress has been steady. Working closely with

piston ring which has been exposed to atomic radiation. car manufacturers, we've virtually ended the problem of

By installing such radioactive piston rings in a car, our wear in automobile engines.

research engineers can use a Geiger counter to measure In the 1930's, for example, cars could go only 20 to 40 wear as it happens while the car is driven on the thousand miles before a major overhaul. But with today's

highway, in traffic, on hills—in every possible driving motor oils and regular oil changes, your engine can be

situation. good for more than 100,000 miles—can, in fact, outlast

This research technique has taken months off the time the car.

needed to test the effectiveness of new motor oils, and it's By such neverending research that leads to better far more accurate than previous methods. products, the people at Standard are planning ahead

It's one of the techniques pioneered by Standard's to serve you better.

OiLFlRST 1* FREEDOMCENTUtf STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA anES

SEPTEMBER 1959 645 Editor's Page

IH BBIHO TRUB..4Wl 11L1IWI

by President David O. McKay

"A teacher should not teach if he does not believe.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Among the best summaries of ethical principles posited in some church. However, when I look at

in literature is that found in the thirteenth article the bit of ribbon, it reminds me of my prayer."

of faith, the first part of which reads: "We believe Believe what you are teaching. Do not repeat any

in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, part of your lesson that you do not believe.

and in doing good to all men."The next step is being true to the boys and girls

Every teacher should be true to himself. Every whom you are teaching. You must let them feel

teacher should be true to his pupils. First, in your comradeship. Speak to them along the street;

preparation of lessons: No teacher ever should atinvite them to your homes. How they believe in

tempt to teach that which he does not believe. It you! How boys and girls notice when they think

is unfair to himself, unfair to those whom he is you are slighting them! If they seem cold and inteaching, unfair to his church, unfair to his fellow different toward you, seek for the reason. You know

men. they have problems. Some of us may have an idea

The first step in preparation is selfintrospection. that somebody else is too reserved, too proud. But

Whatever the lesson is, the first duty is to look when we become more acquainted with him, we within and see whether you believe what you are find that he is not what he seemed to be at first, going to teach. I do not mean merely the facts of that it is we who have been reserved.

some incident. Incidents, whether they are taken Children are often misjudged. In one of the

from the Bible, Book of Mormon, or from actual life wards just before the Christmas holidays a boy was are but the means of teaching eternal, unchanging creating quite a disturbance. He persisted in reachtruths. The teacher should see to it that he believes ing out for the teacher's glove. She would tell him

that truth. He should not teach if he does not beto stop, but he would do it surreptitiously. She felt

lieve. If he does so, he is untrue to himself and to she had not reached that boy at all in the lesson she

the church he is representing. had given. He had insisted upon playing. Before

There is difficulty and disappointment when the next Sunday it was Christmas. Later, the teacher

teachers seem to take delight in telling what they was surprised when her class gave her a pair of do not believe about certain principles of the gospel. gloves as a Christmas present. This incorrigible boy

Is your lesson prepared? Then look within and see was the one who presented her with the gift. He

if you believe. Choose that phase of it which you do i said: "That is what I was doing last Sunday when I

believe and which you know is true. was pulling your gloves, trying to find out what size

If, for example, you are teaching a lesson on prayer, you wore."

do not assume the attitude of the soldier who, when The third point is to be well prepared. Use the

he went to war, believed prayer was an "effrontery things around you. Show the example of the Great

to the Most High."If you feel that it is, your atTeacher who sat with his disciples and v looked down

tempt to teach the positive blessings of prayer will on the farmers putting in their spring grain. He said,

be futile. On the other hand, if you have learned "Some seed fell on good ground, some on stony

that there is efficacy in prayer, then you will give ground."There was a lesson of life. The woman

it in such a way that the students will feel it. Note of Samaria who came to quench her thirst at the

the convincing power of the same soldier's testimony well is another example. Jesus told her that the

when he became converted to the efficacy of prayer. water he would give her would be a well of water

"From a boy, prayer always struck me as being springing up into everlasting life. Gather in experi-

a presumption, a piece of impudent effrontery to ences, and then illustrate each point. I think that is

address the Allwise. One day, when earth and sky a lesson to every teacher—you who have a lesson to

seemed mixed up in the grueling we got from the prepare—not a speech, but a message.

enemy guns, I felt my senses reel for the moment. I We all need new methods. There are many

kept repeating, 'My God, let me keep my head for ways of presenting lessons. There are incorrect ways.

my men's sake.'That prayer was answered, and New ways will come to you if you will only prepare

the tangible result of the prayer is the decoration and study. Most important, let us stand steadfast

which I now wear but which I feel ought to be dein being true to ourselves and to our pupils.

SEPTEMBER 1959 647 Question: "In our textbook, 'Our Lord of

The Gospels'Section 36, we are referred to John 3:22, which reads: 'After these things came Jesus, and

his disciples into the land of Judea and there he tarried with them, and baptized.'Then in John 4:1-2,

we read:

''When therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John, "(Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples ).'

"Question: Did Jesus himself baptize or did he only

instruct his apostles and have them baptize?"

Answer: The fact is wellestablished that

our Savior held all the keys and authority of the priesthood, and had the divine right to officiate in each and all of the ordinances of the gospel; nor

was it beneath his dignity to administer in any capacity whatsoever he desired. Much of his time was

taken in administering to the sick, giving eyesight to the blind, raising the dead, healing lepers, and bestowing blessings upon the multitudes who thronged around him. There can be little question as to his

authority to do any work that pertained to his ministry. In the third chapter of John, it states definitely

that he baptized. In the fourth chapter, as it has

come through faulty translations, it states that he did not baptize, or implies as much in most modern translations. Unfortunately we do not have any

original manuscript.

Dr. Adam Clarke in his Commentary states the following: "... It is not clear that Christ did baptize any

with water: but his disciples did; chap. IV:2, and what

they did by his authority and command, is attributed to himself. It is a common custom in all countries and

in all languages, to attribute the operations of those who are under the government and direction of another, to him by whom they are directed and governed. Some however suppose, that Christ at first

did not baptize; but when he got disciples, he left DID JESUS PERFORM BAPTISMS?

this work to them; and thus these two places are to

be understood:—1. This place, of Christ's baptizing

before he called the twelve disciples: and 2. chap. IV: Your question answered by

2, of the baptism administered by the disciples after they had been called to the work by Christ."Pres. Joseph Fielding Smith

The Prophet Joseph Smith has interpreted this pasPRESIDENT OF THE QUORUM OF THE TWELVE sage in John 4:1-4, as follows:

"When therefore the Pharisees had heard that

Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John, "Now the Lord knew this, though he himself bap- "They sought more diligently some means that tized not as many as his disciples, they might put him to death; for many received John "For he suffered them for an example, preferring

as a prophet, but they believed not on Jesus. one another."(Inspired Version.)

648 } THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHURCH EDUCATION PROGRAM

In a series of articles covering the following 18 pages W

.* ***

...:,:... % w

?ft;r';. (.wS

One of the more picturesque buildings on the campus is the Carl F. Eyring

Physical Science Center.

The family Jiving center provides modern facilities for study and work.

bv Dovle L. Green

Managing Editor

There are currently in the Church some 250,000 in the name of the socalled scientific approach, seem young people between the ages of 14 and 25. They to take delight in tearing down the faith that homes

are our leaders of tomorrow. By 1975, a short sixteen and churches have tried to build.

years away, this number is expected to increase to It is not surprising that the Church of Jesus Christ over 500,000, and by the year 2000, this group of high of Latterday Saints is deeply concerned about the school and college age youth will likely number weekday education of its youth.

more than 1,000,00a 1 To support, supplement, and complement religious

The years of high school and college are critical training given in the home, in the priesthood quorums, ones for young people. By the time they reach 25, and in the auxiliary organizations, and to balance

and often long before, most of them are pretty well weekday secular training with religious instruction, on their way to what they are going to be. Life the Church long ago established, and is ever expandpatterns are set early. The mind of youth is eager, ing, a great system of weekday education, which is

pliable, and quick to learn. being made available to an everincreasing number

Public high schools and universities of today are of our youth. In 1953 the educational program of

excellent in many respects. Teachers generally are the Church except for the schools in the Pacific, was

capable and welltrained. But teachers are human: placed under a single organization known as the

they teach manmade theories and often do not clearly Unified Church School System. Ernest L. Wilkinson,

distinguish between theory and fact. In addition, president of Brigham Young University, is adminsomehow there has grown up in some segments of istrator.

our educational system the feeling that anything of On the high school level the Church program for early of of youth consists our education or held up weekday either be ignored nature must a religious 2 classes. For "seminary"time released morning and nation, and Christian God great ridicule. In our to

Christ have been all but eliminated from schools. our college students there are provided junior and

Some teachers in universities and even in high schools, senior colleges for those who desire or are able to 1See article on the growth of the Church, page 664. 2See page 656 for article on the seminaries.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA attend a Church school, and a system of "institutes"the other Church schools have operated throughout and "Deseret clubs"for those who attend other unithe years.

versities or colleges. 3 Recent surveys show that about half of the LatterBrigham Young University in Provo, Utah, is the day Saint youth attend college, a record of which the

nerve center for the Church educational system. Its Church can be proud. From many points of view it

pmfljflWffMmp enrolment in the autumn quarter seems as if it would be wonderful if all these young of 1958 was 9,906, but it will be people could attend this great school in Provo, but itis geared eventually to accommoobvious that such a thing is not feasible. Neither is

date 15,000 students. The plan it entirely desirable.

is for BYU to function essenMany of our young people cannot afford to go tially as an upper division school, away from home to attend a university. About fifty

or in other words, a university percent of those who do begin college drop out by in which students may work tothe end of the second year because of marriage, lack ward and may obtain academic of interest or ability, or related reasons. Others can

degrees—bachelor's, master's, and receive the specialized training they desire in arts

doctor's. or crafts in two years'time or less. It has also been

BYU was established by Brigfound that junior college transfer students are as ham Young in 1875, in order wellprepared to continue work toward their degrees that the young people of the as are students who have had their lower division

Church might pursue their work in a fouryear university.

"higher"education in a wholeThese considerations, and others, have led the some atmosphere. His instrucChurch to adopt the junior college system. It is

tions to Karl G. Maeser, who planned to establish junior colleges in populous LDS

was sent to Provo to found the areas as the needs arise, and as conditions warrant.

school, was "to teach not even These schools will serve the various localities of the the alphabet or the multiplication tables without the Church on a twoyear basis and will feed students

Spirit of God."This charge has formed the basic who wish to obtain college degrees to the parent

philosophy on which Brigham Young University and school in Provo.

3See page 660 for article on institutes and Deseret clubs. The Ricks Junior College is now serving the Idaho

A student meets President Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Tivelve, following devotional.

SEPTEMBER 1959 651 ( Left ) Students get practical training in teaching children in the wellequipped building, the Joseph F. Smith

Family Living Center.

(Below, left) The College of Physical and Engineering Sciences offers advance degrees in chemistry, mathematics, physics, geology, and chemical, civil, geological, mechanical, and electrical engineering sciences, and air science.

area. It is located at Rexburg but will soon be moved

to Idaho Falls, a more densely populated center.

Plans have been made and ground has been purchased for the establishment of a junior college in Salt Lake

City. It is expected that announcements of additional

junior colleges will be forthcoming.

The curricula of the junior colleges will be at least partially adapted to the needs of the areas they serve.

A large percentage of the members of the Church in

Idaho, for example, engage in farming. It is likely,

therefore, that Ricks College will place much more emphasis upon agricultural subjects than will the junior college in Salt Lake City. In all of the junior

colleges Church standards will be maintained; Church

activities will be fostered; and classes in religion will

be required.

Meanwhile Brigham Young University seems destined to become one of the great senior colleges in the world. Already BYU is the largest university in

enrolment in the intermountain area, and the largest churchrelated university in the United States. The

student body is growing rapidly: the accumulative

enrolment more than doubled between 195051 and 195859-from 5,429 to 11,427. Last year students

came from every state in the union and from 48 foreign countries. About 60 percent of the students

are men, some 30 percent of whom are married. About

8 percent of the women students are married.

To meet the demands of this rapid growth in the number of students the physical plant, the faculty, the curriculum, and all related services demanded of a Church university are being expanded.

The 195960 general catalogue lists 495 members of the faculty. These men and women have received their

training in 93 universities in 36 states and 13 universities in 7 foreign countries. Fortyfive percent of the

present faculty members hold doctoral degrees and an additional forty percent have master's degrees. Every

encouragement for advanced study on the part of all

Training in the arts and crafts is available.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA faculty members is given so that the academic standards of the university can be kept as high as possible.

Brigham Young University has a full university curriculum, and its credits are recognized and accepted on a par with those of other leading American universities. It is affiliated with the top educational

associations of the country and is fully aecredited with important national agencies.

Eleven departments at BYU have become accredited to offer the doctoral degree: the departments of

chemistry, geology, history, human development and family relationships, musicology, sociology, Bible and modern scripture, history and philosophy of religion, physics, general psychology, and educational administration. Departments are approved for

doctoral work only after careful investigation of their faculties and facilities.

BYU grants in its regular academic program the bachelor's degree in all of its 60 departments, and the Ernest L. Wilkinson, master's degree in practiPresident of Brigham cally all departments.

Young University and administrator of the To provide classrooms,

Unified School System. laboratories, housing facilities, and other needed campus improvements, since

1950 Brigham Young University has pushed an impressive building program. Some 500 acres are included in the present BYU main campus, of which

about 200 acres are intensively used. During the

past ten years some twenty million dollars has been expended for new buildings and utilities. These

buildings have included a field house, a student serv-

A ivide variety of training and activity is available for all ice center, classroom buildings, an engineering science students: (Top) Archers check their skills. (Above) Future

building, residence halls for women, a student health homemakerstists study formulas.learn good (Below,nutrition.middle)(Below, Futureleft) Futuredressmakerssciencenter, a plant science laboratory, a family living study textiles and learn proper use of a dress form.

* ii

(Afroue) A statue of Karl G. Maeser, who founded

Brigham Young University under the direction of President Brigham Young, watches over the campus. (Right) Preparing lessons

requires many hours of study daily.

(Below) The'ten minutes between classes is a rush period as indicated by this group of hurrying students in the foyer of the Carl F. Eyring Physical

Science Center. ( Below, right )

Some 4,000 students live in residence halls on the campus.

center, residence halls for men, a heating system, and stadium improvements. Two more residence halls are

under construction.

An additional twenty million dollars will be spent during the next few years on a new library, administration and general service building, college of business building, an industrial education building, and an extension to the field house. Plans are also underway

for a fine arts center, a physical education and recreation center, a creamery building, permanent h o u s i n g units for married students, and a student union building.

Along with all of this, of course, are plans for walks, drives, parking areas, utilities, lighting, landscaping, and the replacing of the many temporary buildings

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which were hastily brought onto 'the campus to members of the Brigham Young University Stake were accommodate the great influx of students following married, and of these 462, or 92 percent, were married

World War II. in the temples of the Church.

But a Church university must be more than a The BYU community is 97 percent LDS but even physical plant and an impressive faculty. It must so a stake mission is in operation. One hundred

develop'students spiritually as well as scholastically thirtysix converts have been baptized since May 1956.

and help them to live happy, wellrounded livesBrigham Young Uni- (Continued on page 682) lives of service to humanity and to the Church.

All phases of the BYU community are geared to the reaching of these objectives. Faculty members, for

example, are very carefully chosen, and nearly all of them are leaders in wards, stakes, and on a general level. They have deep spiritual insight which helps

them understand the needs of students and gives them a desire to build good Church members while they are teaching academic subjects. It is interesting

to note that before any teacher is hired, he is first interviewed by one of the General Authorities.

Students who have attended Brigham Young University, and other nonChurch schools, generally agree that there is a unique spirit at the "Y."An honor

system is practised in all phases of life on the campus.

A student honor council composed completely of students administers the program. Group prayers

are the rule in the residence halls and dormitories, and individual blessings on the food are given by students in the cafeterias.

All Christian virtues are fostered. High standards

of morality, integrity, and honesty are maintained.

Abstinence from alcohol and tobacco is required, and

Church standards of dress, behavior, and all related virtues are promoted. Each student is required to

take a class in religion each quarter. Devotional

assemblies, held each week, enable students to hear regularly from the General Authorities.

One of the most unusual stakes in the Church is made up of Brigham Young University students. It

is composed of twentyfour wards and provides great opportunities for participation in the Church program.

So that students can receive the maximum amount of help and encouragement, of training and guidance, all single students who live away from home become members of one of the wards. The president of the

stake is Dr. Antone K. Romney, of the BYU faculty.

Other faculty members as well as members of other nearby stakes hold offices in the stake presidency, the "friitHiiWiiiiiHi 1 1 ahigh council, and bishoprics.

closely stake are of All activities and the wards illH MM IBB HUMm HI school. activities of the Meetingscorrelated with rMHlltmillllilffllllllll!! l

are held in assembly halls and classrooms on the campus, and each ward conducts as full a program as possible. The stake has an impressively high record of attendance at meetings, payment of tithing,

and all Church activity. An indication of this is New buildings contemplated or under construction: Administration

shown by the fact that in 1958 five hundred and one and General Services; Industrial Arts; Library; College of Business.

SEPTEMBER 1959 655 SEMINARIES by Boyd K. Packer, General Supervisor of Seminaries and Institutes of Religion

On a recent trip to one of the large border cities of Mexico we visited a municipal market with an expansive main floor and a mezzanine lined with literally hundreds of little shopping booths. As we passed each of the booths, the proprietor would hustle out extolling his wares

with most persuasive salesmanship and invite us in with every verbal inducement. Certain each

was that he had everything that we could possibly want. Our guide, who was a customs official, cautioned us with a wink and a gesture to be careful in our buying. Many of the booths

were worthwhile shopping places where the wares were good and the prices were fair and one might get all that he bargained for. Others, whose proprietors were equally convincing and

enthusiastic, were hardly worth our patronage. We were grateful that we had a guide qualified to

give us sound direction in choosing that which was good from that which was worthless.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Left page) Seminary teacher James DeBry gives some individual help to one of his students.

( Left ) Singing, conducted by a student, is part of the opening exercises in the classroom.

Young people need training in order that they may become discriminating buyers in the market places of life.

In almost prophetic anticipation of the dilemma of modern youth, a Church program of weekday religious instruction was inaugurated in 1912. The first seminary class was organized adjacent to the Granite

High School in Salt Lake City. Students were instructed on a releasedtime basis during the school

day. The next year the second seminary was opened

at Brigham City, Utah, in an adobe house a block from the high school building. Capable, dedicated

teachers, secure in Christian development, and with a love for young people were employed to teach the principles of Christian character to the high school students.

From a modest beginning the seminary system has

(Right) The Granite Seminary in

Salt Lake City was the first in the Church, established in 1912, and the pictures reproduced here were taken at that seminary. Releasedtime classes

permit the students to attend during the day, coming from high school across the street.

Surely the youth of the Church must face a dilemma quite as perplexing, with literally hundreds of agencies clamoring for his attention and with every device seeking to win him to their cause.

Many of these agencies cater almost exclusively to teenage clientele, sensing that if their patronage is won while they are young, when they are old they will not depart therefrom.

Some of these agencies are good—and some remarkably perverse.

SEPTEMBER 1959 a

Opening and closing prayers are held in all classes. Each student takes his turn.

grown to be a Churchwide organization serving their vocations—many are professional teachers; others

ninetythree percent of the stakes in the Church. are dentists, attorneys, housewives, etc.

Originally it was only on a released time basis with But whether seminary is released time or early fulltime seminary instructors teaching in Churchmorning, it is school. The instructors are salaried

owned buildings adjacent to high school campuses and are expected to maintain professional classroom in Utah, Idaho, Arizona, Wyoming, and Alberta, standards.

Canada, and at Colonia Juarez, Mexico. Seminary teachers are expected to carry out the

In recent years "early morning"or nonreleased time same Church assignments that are the obligation of seminaries have been opened in over 650 places. The every member, and they have a distinguished record

morning classes are organized for groups of twentyof filling important assignments in the wards and five or more students where our numbers are small, stakes of the Church.

where our membership is scattered, or where released If you should visit one of the two thousand seminary time is not available. This movement has extended classes (and you are invited), be there in time to

the program throughout the United States (including observe the students come into the building. As they

Hawaii) and Canada. come bustling in, a happy chattering group of average

The early morning classes are just that—with classes teenage students, one is impressed that high school

beginning at 6 a.m. in some areas. Students gather age is a wonderful age. Something of their airy>

for the class in the early hours. Transportation probflamboyant sparkle seems to vanish as they enter

lems are solved by a ward education committee—the seminary building, and they assume an almost

vital committee organized in every ward of the Church noticeable air of maturity. There is something about

by direction of the board of education of the Church. the spirit of the building and the purpose for its

This committee handles recruitment and enrolment being there that the teenager catches.

for the seminaries, transportation problems, and carClass begins as always on the note of a devotional, ries on the followup program for the members of and who would not be improved by the privilege of the Church away to colleges and universities. Orbeginning each day in a spirit of reverence. An

dinarily these classes are held in ward chapels in the opening song creates a mindset for the students as seminary room. Although this room is used for other they all unite in participation. After the hymn come

ward purposes, it is equipped with tablet armchairs, a prayer and an inspirational thought from the scripstandard blackboards, and adequate classroom lighttures. The roll call and other business details are

ing. Available also are permanent storage facilities handled quickly and efficiently.

for the seminary equipment and visual aids. Notice that the students have journals, and with

Some of these classes are held in rented quarters just a little shuffling around they are ready to take centrally located for the students. In some of the notes on the discussion and participate in the lesson

larger metropolitan areas the students may disperse to for the day. The lesson begins; the atmosphere is

as many as six high schools after a class period. pleasant and interest provoking; but it is a lesson, and

Those who teach these classes must hurry away to rules of school conduct are expected of the students.

(Right) Many seminary activities are planned by a student council.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA During the past year, approximately 129 releasedtime seminaries are taught by 51,000 students attended early morning fully qualified, professional teachers with secondary teaching and releasedtlme seminaries certificates. Merrill D. Clayson, shown teaching a class (above)

throughout the Church. has been principal of Granite High School Seminary for 14 years.

There are journals to prepare, notes to record, picgive—for this school indeed. Whether the course

tures to collect, scripture to memorize, tests to take, be Old Testament, New Testament, Church history, chapters to read, compositions to write, talks to or Book of Mormon, (Continued on page 692)

R c ntly th r cam to my att ntion a short stat m nt writt n with on of th common 1 tt rs of th alphab t missing.

Although it lack d only on 1 m nt, it was difficult to g t th full m aning of th stat m nt. In fact, som of th words

mad no s ns at all. It was plain to s that som thing was

lacking, but v n knowing that it was th 1 tt r 'that was missing did not mak s ns out of the articl b caus oth r 1 tt rs w r, or s m d to b, out of r lationship, and h nc all the r st of th stat m nt lack d compl t n ss.

So it is with life.

When a life lacks the essential elements, designed by theINSTITUTES Lord to give his children the abundant living taught by his Son, by President A. Theodore Tuttle chaos results. False ideals and goals are substituted for genuine

Of the First Council of the Seventy ones. Misunderstanding of the purposes of man's existence

occurs. Wrong and improper meanings are given to otherwise

plain and simple truths. A simple way of life is made incomprehensible and the gospel plan misinterpreted, all because man's

life lacks some of the essential elements.

A meeting of one of the units of Lambda Delta Sigma at the Institute of Religion in Salt Lake City.

The Lord has so created man that he cannot "live The academies, Churchowned and operated schools, by bread alone."His spirit must also be sustained. flourished after the establishment of the first one at

Men must learn either soon or late that they cannot Provo in 1875. When nonMormons moved into the

store spirituality any more than food can be stored state in increasing numbers, however, there was a within one's self. Spiritual food, like physical food, demand for public schools. The academies survived

must be taken at frequent, continuous intervals in until 1933. As they were closed a new system of

order to benefit and sustain man. It must become a educating the youth was evolved. From then until

part of man's life—digested and assimilated—in order now there has been operating a system of education

to do man the good he needs. Knowing this, the in which religious training has complemented that

Lord has so organized his kingdom, that his children given in public schools and universities by the estabcan be fed both during their vital formative years, lishment of independent schools adjacent to public and adult years as well. schools wherein this training can be provided. The

In the early days of the Church in the West, school earliest of these on a college level was at Moscow, buildings and ward houses were one and the same, Idaho, when in 1926 the Church established the first and education, including religious and secular all institute of religion.

in one, was considered necessary. No distinction was President Ernest L. Wilkinson recently said:

made between religious and secular training, except "It has never been supposed that all of the youth perhaps to make religion the core of the program. of the Church continuing their higher education could

President Marion D. Hanks, of the First Council of the Seventy,

instructs an institute class.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

congratulates three institute graduates.

Institute facilities provide accommodation for study, recreation, and worship for students not attending a Church university.

A teacher, T. Edgar Lyon, chats with students, left; a men's unit plans activities.

Some 8400 students participated in the diversified institute program last year.

Institutes have been established at 60 universities,

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA do so in Church schools, but it has been hoped that ordinated by a director, and where enrolment justifies, students attending other than Church schools could he is assisted by associate directors. Directors are

nevertheless be served by the Church to the end that spiritual leaders with academic training comparable all of our youth would continue a study of the gospel to that of regular college professors. They are men

and remain faithful. Because the rapid growth of gifted with insight into the problems faced by

Brigham Young University has received a great deal college students and trained in the field of counseling.

of publicity, many of our Church members are unThe institute building is designed to meet the diaware of the fact that the program of the institutes verse needs of college students, and it includes classof religion has grown even faster than has this great rooms, a chapel, a library, an office, a recreational hall, school."(Information Report, April 1959, p. 23.) and lounge facilities. Each institute is modern in

From the opening of the first institute of religion construction and beautiful in its appointment.

the program has consistently grown until currently (this fall) there will be in operation twentyfive fullReligion Classes time and thirtyseven parttime institutes of religion Dr. Lowell L. Bennion, the director at the Salt Lake

to serve students at the major universities in Utah, City Institute of Religion adjacent to the University

Idaho, Nevada, Arizona, Oregon, Washington, Coloof Utah campus, and a man wellacquainted with the problems of youth has written, "Many college students of the Latterday Saint faith sense keenly the need of gaining a comprehensive and whole view of the religious teachings which they live and profess. They discover that their studies

and impressions to date in the field of religion often lack integration...."

Dr. Bennion thus pointed up the dilemma that a

student faces:

"The university student exposes himself to a veritable flood of knowledge and new pointsof-view. This

increased knowledge does not come to him in an organized, whole manner, but in quite unrelated and disparate amounts, from highly specialized textbooks and from teachers working in specialized and limited fields. The result is that the student not only has

Institutes provide a good library of Church books. a vision of new worlds, but his perspective may also be

blurred. Seldom on a university campus is knowledge

rado, Wyoming, and Alberta, Canada. In addition from the natural, biological, social sciences, and

to these currently operating, institute land has been philosophy adequately brought together into a whole purchased at another ten colleges with another eight view of life. The task is often neglected by the unipossible sites currently in the budget. versity, so the college student—the freshman, sophoStudent interest and enrolment has likewise inmore, junior, or senior—must try to do it for himself.

creased. Last year there were enrolled in the institute Naturally, such a new exercise will be at times awkprogram 8400 students. One of the reasons for this ward and painful.

rapid growth is due to the need for a program that "A student's religious faith and attitudes are the gives balance and unified perspective to students on product of his entire life. His faith and attitudes

the college level. were nourished in his mother's arms, in a class in

The institutes of religion fill this need. Their basic Sunday School, on his knees beside his bed. They

service is to help a young person develop a testimony are fashioned in the language and imagery of a child of the divinity of this latterday work, increase his as well as in that of a youth or of an adult. Morefaith in God, nurture his spirit, and help him grow over, one's religious faith, like so many important

in willingness and ability to serve his fellow men. things in life, is felt as well as thought. The student

The fourfold program of the institutes of religion should not be surprised nor alarmed should his new consists of formal courses in religion, a counseling expanding world of thought seem at times inconprogram, a social program, and a devotional, or gruous and out of harmony with his world of faith."

worship, program. These various activities are co- (The Religion of thd (Continued on page 696)

SEPTEMBER 1959 663 THE GROWTHSCHURCH by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

Slide rules and electronic computers do marvelous ministrator of the board of education and president of things in the hand of man. But it is still the man Brigham Young University, assigned Dr. Howard

who is important. "What is man, that thou art mindNielson of BYU to prepare a study of present and

ful of him?... For thou hast made him a little lower future membership of the Church, so that the Church

than the angels,..."sang the Psalmist. (Psalm 8:4-5.) board of education might prepare for the responsibiliMan must be given opportunities. ties that are theirs in the education of the youth.

Several years ago, Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, adThe survey was made using the date of January 1,

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1957, as a basis. Fortyfive geographic areas of LDS as a whole. The forecast assumed that there will be

Church membership were scrutinized, 39 in contino fullscale military action but that there will connental United States, one in Alaska, one in Hawaii, tinue to be a state of preparedness and international one in Mexico, and three in Canada. For the sake of tension, that the various areas of the Church will

comparison, similar statistics from the United States as have continued steady economic growth with no a whole were used. major depression. These conditions have prevailed

The Improvement Era here gives some of the high since 1945, and this would seem to be the only lights of the study. It is done on these pages more assumption permissible for the purpose of this study,

with colorful charts and graphs than with mere at least until 1975. Projections from 1975 to 2000 are

words. obviously not precise and can at best be considered

For the purpose of the survey, about twentyfive as approximations. And, whereas the method of

percent of the membership records of the Church calculation yielded results to a precise number, this were sampled. The results of the sampling reveal that does not imply that accuracy by any means. Despite

the membership of the Church is younger, on the the assumptions required and the limitations of the average, than that of the United States as a whole. results, it is believed that the data presented will be

The median age for the Church is 22.1 years as comvery useful in pointing out directional and orderof-

pared with a median age of 29.1 for the nation. magnitude of growth in the Church. By 1975 the

Birth rates have been consistently higher and death membership of the Church is expected to be in excess rates consistently lower than the national average. of two and threequarters millions.

The factors causing such an outstanding rate of Salt Lake City is expected to remain the area with the largest LDS Church membership until 1985. The

The membership of the thirteen regions, having calculations show that by 1990, Los Angeles will have more than 25,000 members, is shown below. more members, and by 2000 will lead Salt Lake City

by over 200,000 members., These two areas are the

In thousands 250 only ones with an expected increase of more than 100,000 during the 19571975 period. Other regions

which can be expected to increase by at least 50,000 during this period are Ogden, Provo, Southern States, and San Francisco.

During the 19752000 quarter century, seven regions are expected to increase by 100,000 or more, and an additional six regions are expected to increase by 50,000 to 100,000 members. Twelve regions are ex-

-,000 tr region in City highest has Salt Lake been less The actual numeror, c-:\ in ical growth period. every during the 195758 decade and \

1957 "ft>- REGION, In thousands BY 1940 MEMBERSHIP 200 1910 1957 19101940- 150 1 9101957

19401947 growth for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints relative to other groups are felt to be these three: (1) a favorable age distribution, (2) a high 19501957

natural rate of increase, and ( 3 ) an increasingly effective missionary system.

That much for the present. Now for the future:

Briefly the method used in forecasting the future 1 0,000 J T membership of the Church involved the application or less of birth and death rates for individual ages to the *:>**$ gfe

actual age distribution beginning January 1, 1957. It vo>

also assumed that converts are distributed in age and NUMERICAL CHANGE IN MEMBERSHIP sex in a pattern similar to that of the United States SELECTED REGIONS

SEPTEMBER 1959 665 In thousands

v.* e?< o;.,e '

V*vV V09 <b N S"OJO SUMMARY OF PAST GROWTH 19501957

MEMBERSHIP BY AGE GROUPS

pected to increase from 25,000 to 50,000 members, during the 19752000 period. Only six regions are

expected to increase by fewer than 10,000 members during this time. The Church membership in the

year 2000 is calculated to be more than six million.

By 1975, six regions will have over 5,000 Church members of junior college age, and eight regions will have between 2,000 and 5,000 members of this age

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In thousa ad

1980 WHERE GROWTH WILL TAKE PLACE

1975 COLLEGE AGE MEMBERSHIP AGES 18 TO 19

ESTIMATED MEMBERSHIP

19572000

group. By the year 2000, the six regions will each

have over 10,000 of the 1819 age group, and 20 other regions will have at least 2,000.

That's the fascinating picture of the possibilities of the future. Again, it is an approximation; many

factors unknown to man, as he lives his life from day to day, could suddenly and violently change these

figures.

As we prepared this summation at the Era, it seemed that the project contained two challenges:

first, to live a brief sixteen years to see for ourselves how accurate the 1975 estimates are; and second,

the challenge to the Church so to live the gospel principles that many will see the "good works"and be receptive to the teachings of the missionaries. The

year 1975 and 2000 will then find the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints stronger than even these AGES 20 TO 24 surveys have indicated. 19571 1975MMMI 2000am

SEPTEMBER 1959 667 Laying a Foundation for

ME LCHIZEDEK

To do a really effective job of priesthood reactivaPR ESTHOOD tion, quorum presidencies must become well acquainted with their quorum members.

Brethren need to be reactivated, to have the full blessings of the priesthood come into their lives, if they: 1. Are not serving in and supporting the various

programs of the Church; or

Through the annual confidential visit the presidency 2. Are not living in full harmony with the standards

will be able to taste of the spirit of the member. of the Church.

Obviously, quorum presidencies must know whether their members are active or inactive, and whether they keep the standards of the Church or not; they

must know in what respects, if any, their brethren are deficient and why they are not receiving the full blessings of the priesthood.

Now, to gain a working knowledge of whether quorum members are (1) active and (2) living righteously, two standard procedures should be followed. These are:

1. Fill out and keep current the data on the white

cards entitled, "Record of Melchizedek Priesthood

Quorum Member"; and

2. Have frequent personal visits with quorum members and particularly the annual confidential visit.

The white cards are the avenue through which the activity status of quorum members is learned.

By gaining the information on them, the presidency will know the capabilities and the past and present

Church service of the member.

Through the annual confidential visits the presidency will be able to taste of the spirit of the member and learn the extent to which he conforms to the standards of personal righteousness which are so essential in the life of a faithful saint.

Brethren serving in the factfinding and statistical field of quorum activity should be asked to collect and keep current the data on the white cards. Members of the quorum presidency are to make the annual

confidential visits.

In a special report to the general priesthood committee, the high priests quorum of the South Davis (Utah) Stake has outlined a very effective and sensible program for handling the annual confidential interviews of quorum members.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood Reactivation

In planning their annual visits the presidency of 8. That they (confidential interviews) are ideal

this quorum, of course, as is the case with all inoccasions for quorum leaders to gain the information formed quorum leaders, know: they need to lead their quorum members in the paths

1. That quorum presidencies are to become acof righteousness, as well as occasions for teaching

quainted with the character, qualifications, and attiand counseling less active brethren in the keeping tudes of all quorum members and their families. of the commandments.

2. That presidencies should visit frequently in the 9. That much of the information gained through

homes of their members; give commendation where these interviews is reported on the annual confidendeserved; bless and encourage where needed; and tial report.

teach the gospel and inspire all to keep the commandAs to the manner in which the high priests quorum ments and endure to the end. in the South Davis Stake set out to handle these

3. That each year one of these personal calls is interviews, Brother Arthur T. Morley, quorum presito be a confidential visit in which one member of dent, says: "Rather than go to a member's home, or

the presidency meets with each quorum member to meet him on the street or after a class, we sent alone to inquire into and discuss conformity to the him a letter suggesting an appointment with a memstandards of the Church. ber of the quorum presidency.

4. That items which may properly be considered "The interviews were held at the stake house. The

in the course of this interview include tithepaying; quorum secretary welcomed the brethren as they arSabbath observance; Sacrament meeting attendrived and directed them into one of the three rooms

ance; total abstinence from tea, coffee, tobacco, and where they were interviewed by one member of the

liquor; sustaining by word and deed the local and presidency."

General Authorities; not being in sympathy, in word Interviews were set at short intervals; and the

or otherwise, with any of the apostate groups which presidency could talk to three men during each period.

are running counter to the established order of the Then in evaluating the results obtained by followChurch; temple work and genealogical research; acing this procedure, Brother Morley explained: "We

tive participation in Church and quorum affairs; givfeel that this put the interview on a higher level. It

ing financial and other support to the missionary prepared the brother for the interview. We did not

program; and any other items which may be proper have the problem of securing privacy from the rest

in individual cases. of the family, as when we went into the homes. We

5. That it is not intended that all of these items be feel that this one change probably did more to

discussed in each interview or that any questions be strengthen our quorum than any other activity which asked the answers to which are already known. we conducted during 1958."

6. That tithing information is to be obtained from A sample letter of invitation, sent out about five

the bishop at the end of the year. Bishops, of course, days before the scheduled interview, follows:

are to advise quorum presidencies of the tithing status of quorum members, specifying in each in- "Dear Brother:

stance whether the brethren concerned are full, part, "Would you kindly meet with one member of the or nontithepayers. Under no circumstances are quorum presidency on Monday evening,,

bishops to reveal the amounts paid by any individual. 1959 at p.m.

Quorum presidencies are to keep the tithing status Place: Upstairs—south end—South Davis Stake

of their members strictly confidential. House.

7. That these confidential interviews are to be Purpose: 1959 annual confidential interview.

conducted in a tactful, congenial way and are in- "This interview is one of the best building stones tended to draw brethren closer to the quorum and at our disposal—with which to build a strong quorum.

its programs and not to drive them away. Too, we have reason (Continued on page 711)

SEPTEMBER 1959 669 This is not just another meeting;

this is the meeting.

SACRAMENT MEETING

INSTITUTED BY DIVINE COMMANDMENT

As anyone with even a passing knowledge of the Still, Sacrament meeting is something special. As

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints knows, the Lord said to Joseph Smith: "And that thou mayest

the Saints gather often. At times the parade of meetmore fully keep thyself unspotted from the world,

ings seems almost without end: Sunday School, thou shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy

MIA, Relief Society, Sacrament meeting, priesthood sacraments upon my holy day;"(D&C 59:9.)

meeting, preparation meeting, choir rehearsal, leaderIt is thus the Lord's will that we gather in a "house ship meeting, fast meeting, genealogical meeting, conof prayer"on the Sabbath and partake of the Sacraferences, schools, conventions, classes, and so on and ment. For this reason Sacrament meeting was inon. It is really somewhat of a wonder that Church stituted in the Church.

members attend all these—especially when one conThe experience of the Sacrament is one of the

siders the enthusiasm and dedication with which they greatest privileges we enjoy as Latterday Saints.

do it. But attend they do, week after week, month Through this we have an opportunity to renew our

after month, year after year..., giving an example covenants made at baptism, to pledge ourselves

in devotion and service that amounts to a stunning anew to devotion to our Savior and the principles testimony of the truth: anything that demands and he taught. We can reflect and meditate upon his

receives this degree of activity and effort must have sacrifice and get a fresh insight into the magnitude something behind it. of his life and works. The whole process is one of

This gathering together is no accident. It is purspiritual rejuvenation. We should partake of the

poseful and of divine origin. Throughout all disSacrament often. It is a wonderful experience.

pensations of man, the Lord's people have come In Sacrament meeting not only do we have the together often, to derive strength from one another. opportunity of partaking of the Sacrament, but we also

Man cannot live alone, nor can he be saved alone; obtain instruction in that most important of all subco-operative group effort and unity have always been jects, the gospel of Jesus Christ. We are working for

characteristic of the true Church of Christ. exaltation, and here we will find counsel in how to

Christ himself said, "For where two or three are obtain this. We profit by the faithpromoting experigathered together in my name, there am I in the ences of others and are spiritually fed by their expresmidst of them."(Matt. 18:20.) If this be true for sions of gratitude.

two or three, how much more must it be so for an We gather together with people we know and love, entire congregation which has come together to worpeople whose beliefs and views are identical to our ship him. own. We raise our voices together in song and in

The Lord has spoken on this matter in this dispensaother ways enjoy the fellowship of the Saints. We

tion. He has been particularly unequivocal in his stay informed on important happenings and items

instructions as to one meeting—the Sacrament meetof general interest in the ward and the Church.

ing. This is not just another meeting, this is the Sacrament meeting is an important time, a very

meeting—the weekly gathering we are all commanded special ninety (give or take a few) minutes. The

to attend. members of the Church are realizing this more and

We might ask ourselves at this point: Why has more. Sacrament meeting attendance is up in Utah,

this particular meeting been singled out? Are not all in California, in Canada, in Europe, and Australia—

Church meetings of great worth? Why then such indeed, throughout the entire Church. We note this

special instructions concerning Sacrament meeting? improvement with satisfaction, but still are deeply

All Church meetings have value. All contribute aware that attendance is not what it should be. Each

to the salvation of mankind—many in a very direct of us should make a special effort to be present every

and important way. Were this not so, the Church week and encourage our friends to do likewise. It

would not sponsor them. is we who will benefit by such a course of action.

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENTBAPTISM

The attainment of exaltation is a complex endeavor. Many things are required of man. The Lord,

being just, requires the same of each of us. Faith is the beginning, the first principle of the gospel. When

this has been obtained, we are expected to repent, to forsake those items of character and habit which are not in harmony with the revealed truths of the gospel. We must perform good works; we must submit

ourselves to certain saving ordinances. If we do these things, and endure to the end, we can obtain exaltation—through the sacrifice of our Savior, without which all of this would be but "as sounding brass, or a

tinkling symbol."

Baptism is one of these saving ordinances that are required of us. It predates the earth in origin and has

been with the human race from its beginning. (Pearl of Great Price, Moses 6:6468.) It was practised during the Meridian of Time and was restored as a part of the gospel in these latter days. ( D&C 13.

Even Christ, the only flawless being ever to grace this sphere, submitted himself to this ordinance that he might "fulfil all righteousness', and set an example for us. He made it clear through this act, as his holy

prophets and apostles before and after him have also done through word and deed, that this is a universal requirement... that this is a prerequisite to salvation for all... that there can be no exceptions except

those who do not reach the age of accountability.

Some seem to object to the importance given by the gospel to this ordinance. It is (they say) physical,

symbolic, superficial, shallow. It is physical and symbolic. Many things of the gospel deal with the material

as well as the spiritual. The crucifixion of Christ was profoundly, and in every sense, physical as well as

spiritual. Baptism is physical; it is also spiritual.

Baptism is symbolic. The origin of its symbol lies not, however, in the fallible mind of man but

in the wisdom of Deity. Its significance is more than symbolic. Admittedly, we do not comprehend in

all particulars the full meaning of the ordinance; nor will we in this life. But we do know and comprehend that the Lord expects each of us to be baptized. It would be folly for us to insist upon complete

understanding of this before putting ourselves in a position to receive the blessings that come to the obedient; we don't do this in daily life—how many of us comprehend either in whole or in part all of the scientific

and mechanical wonders that so enrich and elongate our lives?

Baptism is neither superficial nor shallow. It is deep and meaningful; more so than we sometimes

realize.

And what about those among us who are baptized, who have taken this important step? Is that the

end? Are toe through with this commandment? No! Being baptized is something we do but once; there

are, however, certain responsibilities we have in relation to this commandment after we ourselves have been baptized. These include

1) Study and prayer to understand and appreciate more the significance of the ordinance.

2) Renewing our covenants through partaking of the Sacrament.

3 ) Encouraging others not yet baptized to take this step—through both word and deed.

4) Taking part in the work for the dead. These, too, need baptism and the other saving ordinances.

SEPTEMBER 1959 57I Twelfth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

In th (Behavior Patternsummitand Problems of Age 20)

by W. Cleori Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

By the time a boy has climbed up the trail of life nature is similar in many ways to concrete. Every

and reached the ripe old age of 20, his parents can parent is working against the day when the child's usually see that he finally has his sights on the summit. personality will begin to "set up"or become fixed.

In fact, about the time Junior slips across the Once this has occurred it literally requires a miracle threshold of 20, Mother Nature seems to sprinkle to alter its basic structure. That is why the growth

his brow with a sparkling ingredient called "serious period is so important. The point which the psyambition."This replaces the adventurous recklessness chologist was trying to emphasize is demonstrated

of age 19. Most parents are gratified and relieved to in studies of adult criminals. The rehabilitation rate

see the change. It comes at a time when they know of adult criminals is only a small fraction of the suctheir boy needs to be just a little more serious about cess which can be achieved with youthful offenders.

playing the role of a man. They want to see his As long as a boy is still maturing he seems to find it

"capacities"begin to show—capacities for hard work, easy to shift or even reverse his direction of personfor concentrated study, responsibilities, emotional ality development. Once the growing season is over,

maturity, and good social adjustment. however, his willingness or ability to adjust narrows

But whether or not they are going to be pleased sharply., Of course, this fixation process is all to the

with Junior at this stage of his life will depend largely good for the boy who has developed positive, wholeupon the qualities which they helped their son build some traits. It makes him a solid citizen, capable

into himself through the passing years. of weathering the storms of life without collapsing.

But if a personality has been developed with many "Have We Raised Our Boy Right?"negative attributes, that individual finds it next to

It is around 20 when most parents realize that they impossible to change his basic pattern unless he is are about to lose their son. College, a career, a miswilling to undergo a major revolution.

sion or marriage, is about to take him away. And Psychologists tell us why this is true. It is because

in most cases he will be away almost continuously the growing individual learns to do things by chain from here on. Suddenly parents ask themselves reaction. In other words, he builds circuits in his

"Have we raised our boy right?"If they admit that brain which permit a whole series of activities to be

he is a victim of some degree of neglect and is not triggered by a single mental signal. Take writing,

really ready for adult life, they may say excitedly, for example. In the beginning a child goes through

"Well, we had better get busy and build Junior into seven intellectual steps to make a capital "A"in a man!"Unfortunately, by, the time a boy is 20 the script. He says to himself, "Up, over, down, over,

"building"is practically over. up, down and up."After doing this several hundred

I once heard a famous psychologist say that the times a child can finally write an "A"in two phases:

greatest lesson parents have to learn is that human around and down. Eventually it will become a single

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pushing, but the basic ingredients for this particular human being are now in the package, and the sealing of that package is taking place.

What he does in the future will be conditioned to a remarkable degree by the strength of the equipment (motives, habits, disciplines, and ideals) which he and his parents have already built into him during the earlier years.

As time passes, parents learn to agree with the psychologist who said, "Verily, the child is the father of the man!"

phase. In fact, after "A"has been put with words

like "art,""act,""aid,"etc., it becomes possible for Portrait of a 20Year-Old

a person to write a whole word by pulling a single As a result of the fixation of personality traits which mental trigger. The individual no longer stops to has been growing more and more evident, the parent

think how to write each letter but simply writes "art"finds it possible to predict Junior's general reaction as a single impulse of intellectual activity. to a multitude of different situations. Tastes in

Now this is not only true of writing, but also of all music, reading material, food, friends, entertainment, other aspects of living—eating, getting dressed, taking recreation, and a host of other things are now so

a shower, carrying on a conversation, meeting new marked that we can expect them to be developed to people, playing a piano, or telling the truth when it their logical conclusion during the remainder of hurts. We develop literally thousands of behavior his life.

patterns which were originally very complex but have As we would suspect from the above discussion, been learned through constant repetition until they Junior's personal habits are now becoming quite can be performed almost automatically whenever the stable. Eating, going to bed, taking care of his

signal is given by the mind or "will"of the indipersonal hygiene, keeping appointments—all of these

vidual. It is easy to see why we sometimes refer to seem to fall into a more routine pattern than last

ourselves as "creatures of habit."It is also obvious year. He can assume many adult responsibilities and

why habits are so difficult to break. Once a pattern likes to do things without too much "snoopervision."

of circuits has been set up, most people find it far He resents too many suggestions and may grimly too painful and frustrating to dismantle them. By comment: "They still think they have to treat me like

the same token, a person with good habits can also a kid!"

resist terrific pressures to make him change. The He responds favorably to compliments where he

"fixation"process was intended as a providential knows they are deserved and tends to cultivate those blessing. It is a curse only to that person who did talents which bring the most immediate rewards.

not prepare for it. He is hungry to succeed at something and is quite

Psychologists tell us that by the time a boy is 20 deeply impressed with the comments or commendathe fixation process is in its advanced stages. The tions of those he respects.

concrete, so to speak, has been poured. The mixture He has greater personal insight now. He does a

ratio of sand and cement has already been determined. lot of selfevaluating and selfcriticizing. His general

The internal structural reinforcement has been laid reaction to others is also far more tolerant this year and cannot be materially increased without the greatthan during the past three years. He wants adults

est imaginable difficulty. So, this is our boy. From to accept him on their level. He likes to have them

here on there can be shaping, refining, polishing, and ask him his opinion and responds to adult conversa674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion far better than he did last year. At a job he he may be authorized to administer some of the sacred

will often go far beyond the call of duty just to prove ordinances of the Church by being ordained a priest.

he is a man. If he had trouble as a teenager, he is Following this, he should become prepared for the

likely to refer to it with the greatest disdain. He will responsibilities of the Melchizedek Priesthood and

call it "kid stuff"as though it were now totally alien the privilege of being ordained an elder.

to the very nature of his being. Although he will The word elder implies maturity and leadership.

have spurts of youthful exuberance from time to It is a great compliment to a boy in his late teens or time, it will be impressive to see how quickly he can early twenties to receive this important title and the humble himself in the face of an honest and forthcalling that goes with it. One of the prime purposes

right criticism from a friendly adult. of the Church program is to help him achieve leaderHe still resents the interruptions and confusion of ship training and preparation for life while he is enyounger brothers and sisters, but he seems more rejoying the strong vigor of his youth.

signed to it. The next step is to try and merit the opportunity

Capacity for planning is a quality of a 20year-old. to go to the temple and receive his endowments.

The fleahopping antics which typified his behavior After that he becomes eligible to be set apart as a almost from the time he was 14 are now being remissionary.

placed by premeditated study of nearly everything At the moment it may not seem "convenient"for a he does. It is a sign that Junior is feeling the impact mission, but the thing to remember is that this priviof life. It is gradually making him a liberal conlege may never come again. It is a time for a boy

servative. and his entire family to rally their pioneer spirit and

All of this "settling down"by a 20year-old should see that circumstances are pressed into position so help him make the right decisions as he approaches that he will not miss this golden opportunity. A 20the unlimited opportunities of adulthood. During yearold who leaves his family to go on a mission

the next four years he will feel the need to make dewill usually return to them a far superior human being cisions in three areas which affect the rest of his than when he left. He will not only learn that a

life. These areas are—a mission, a professional career, mission is two of the happiest years of his life, but

and marriage. after it is over he will also discover that he is now far

better prepared to choose a career, take on the responThe Ideal Time for a Mission sibilities of marriage and buckle down to the exciting

Psychologically and circumstantially, age 20 is an task of making a real success of life.

ideal time for a mission. It usually finds a boy at that

stage of maturity and education where he can effecChoosing a Career tively represent the Church in the mission field. From When a young man is ready to choose a career, he

his own point of view it is also likely to be a propitious should keep in mind the advice of the economist time. He does not have the responsibilities of a home who said "try to make a living at one of the things

and family nor the obligations of a lifetime career. you enjoy doing most."This is possible if a young

It is a fortunate interlude where two years of study fellow is willing to invest a few years in college or and Church service can turn out to be amazingly serve as an apprentice in a favorite occupation. It

rewarding. is a fortunate blessing to gain a job with "work satisIn fact, the entire pattern of development for a faction."

boy in the Church is a marvelous and inspired blueSometimes, however, circumstances force a young print for human improvement. From the day he is man to make other choices. Before going too far he

given a name and a father's blessing he becomes the should try to take a battery of aptitude tests which object of affection of a vast army of parents, teachers, are now accessible to almost everyone and determine and voluntary Church workers. If he responds to the fields where he is most likely to succeed. These

this elaborate program, he will find every week of his tests are available in many colleges, in various inlife influenced by it. He starts out with a rich home dustries, and in some special guidance clinics. It is

life, attendance at Primary and Sunday School. At amazing how many people are fighting the current

age eight he is baptized and confirmed. He is also of life by trying to row their boat upstream. They find

old enough now for Cub scouting. Later he will get that by turning their boat around and going in the

the full scouting program. At the age of 12 he is direction of their own natural aptitudes their journey

given his first office in the priesthood. He is ordained through life can be smoother, faster, and far more

a deacon. At 14 he is allowed to become a "watchenjoyable. These tests will usually show that a person

man"for his ward and is ordained a teacher. At 16 has abilities in far more ( Continued on page 684

SEPTEMBER 1959 675 %.!$m:m i

Bruce Trent, the young science teacher of Roxton High, sat quietly and watched the tall figure standing a short distance from him. Judge Graham

shook his head. "I just don't know, Mr. Trent,"he and Mr. Bates was reciting his grievances, I saw the

said, turning from his office window and pacing the boy look around. I saw in his eyes a desperate plea

length of the rug. "It's an important decision to make. for a friend. I think he is fundamentally a good boy,

If I place the boy in your custody instead of sending and I want to help him."

him to reform school, Mr. Bates will take great delight "You and your soft heart,"said the older man, as

in pointing out my mistake, and of course, yours, if he laid a hand on Bruce's shoulder, "would that we something goes wrong."had more like you. All right, I'll do it."

"But reform school won't do him any good, Judge,""Thank you,"said Bruce simply, "I appreciate your argued Bruce. "What he needs is a friend, a home, confidence in me."

and someone to love him.""By the way,"said the judge, "what does your wife

"Bruce, I respect your judgment, and I have adthink of the idea of your taking this boy into your mired your work with the boys here in Roxton. But home? I know, vou've had others, but this one seems

do you realize that this boy is potentially dangerous? to be the worst of the lot."

Since his parents deserted him five years ago, he has "Evelyn has agreed,"said Bruce. "As usual she

ceased to care what happens to him, and when a trusts my judgment. I think it's her influence as

boy or man reaches that point, look out. It would much as anything else that has helped the boys we've

undo much of your good work to fail with this boy. I had before."

think you had better just forget about him.""I'm sure it has helped,"agreed the judge. "Well,

'"I might forget him, Judge, except for one thing. be on hand at four o'clock Monday afternoon, and

When Leland was facing the court at the hearing we'll go ahead."

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On Monday, after the formalities had been attended "Now, Evelyn,"Bruce comforted, "we must give the to, Bruce took the boy home. Ushering his young boy a chance."

guest into the house he motioned to a chair, and the The next afternoon when Bruce was ready to leave boy sat down. school, he discovered a flat tire on his car. As he

"I think it would be well if we had an understanding was changing it one of the younger students ran up.

from the start, Leland,"said Bruce pleasantly. "Then "Mr. Trent, do you know that boy who is staying

we'll both know exactly where we stand. As you with you? Well, I saw him come around here and

know, Judge Graham has placed you in my custody drive something right into your tire. Honest, I did,

rather than send you to a reform school. You are Mr. Trent."

welcome here. This can be your home as long as Bruce placed a hand on the boy's shoulders. "Billy,

you wish it to be. We will treat you as our own son, I would like for you to say nothing about this around

love you and trust you, and we hope you will never school. Can I count on you to just sort of forget about

let us down."it?"

The silent figure, gazing at the floor, gave no sign "Well, I guess so, Mr. Trent,"said Billy firmly,

by word or gesture that he heard Brace's voice. "if you say so."

By the end of the first week there was no change "Shake on it, Pard,"said Bruce, and the two gravely in the suspicious hostility with which Leland viewed shook hands before Billy ran off to catch his bus.

everything and everybody. He ate his meals in Brace sought out Leland that evening as the boy

silence, studied desultorily, and attended school—to sat on the lawn whittling. He dangled a set of car

sit for the most part in his secluded shell. keys in his hand. "Leland, it occurred to me that you

"Why doesn't he say anything or do anything?"might want to use the car,"he began. "It must be

said Evelyn one night as they prepared for bed. lonesome for you to stay out here in the country.

"Bruce, he isn't like the others. The way he looks at Just let me know when you want it. Go to some of

me, and at vou, too, I'm afraid."the night affairs at school if you like, or just drive

SEPTEMBER1959 'l- 677 into town for awhile in the evening "Bruce you don't suppose that Leing you at school, Mr. Trent,"he

when you care to. All I ask is that land—"said, "but, well, we had a little

you come back in a reasonable "No, I don't suppose,"said her trouble last night, and I wanted to length of time."husband. "It will turn up."ask you, was Leland at home all

He placed the keys in the boy's But it didn't. And its loss someevening?"

hand. "And by the way, you might how worried Evelyn. I know Bruce Bruce sat down slowly. "Why,

drive into town before dark and trusts the boy, she thought, but no, as a matter of fact he was out have the tire in the rear compartsuppose he did take it? And if he until rather late. What happened?"

ment repaired. A nail found its way did, for what purpose? "The Marl Chemical plant was

in somehow. Tell Gus I'll pay him Leland did not abuse his privilege entered and the office ransacked.

tomorrow after school."of being allowed to use the car. An The night watchman gave the alarm,

Leland, searching Bruce's face occasional trip to town was all that and four boys walked right into our briefly, said, "All right,"got in the he ever made. arms."

car and drove off. Then came the night when Leland "Then Leland was not involved?"

Evelyn witnessed the scene from asked for the car to go to town for said Bruce hopefully.

the porch and walked down to join some magazines. With a nod Brace "Apparently not, but we would

her husband. "Bruce, do you think consented. But the hour that Lelike to ask him a few questions."

that's wise? He seems so young."land was to have been gone lengthLeland was sent for. As he en-

"Yes, I know,"said Bruce, "but ened into four hours, and it was tered the door and saw the officer, the boy has his driver's license, he's past midnight when the car turned he burst out bitterly, "All right, lock been driving for sometime, and I into the driveway. Leland went at me.up, send me to reform school, I

believe the time has come to trust once to his room, and Bruce, aldon't care. A guy does his best to

him a little more."though he was troubled and uneasy, go straight and the first thing that

Leland was back in an hour. As said nothing. happens, the cops are on his neck."

he came into the room he said, "I The next morning, the episode still "Steady, boy,"said Bruce. "The

paid for the tire, so you won't have was not mentioned, but as Bruce sergeant just wants to ask you a few to go by tomorrow."was leaving for school he saw the questions, that's all."

"Well, then I'll reimburse you,"extra set of keys lying on his chem- "Just wanted to know if you saw said Bruce digging into his pocket istry papers. Leland had returned Spike Johnson last night,"said the

for change. them. officer.

"Forget it,"said Leland abruptly After his first class that day Bruce "Sure, I saw Spike,"said Leland.

and vanished up the stairs toward was called to the principal's office. "He came into the drugstore where I

his room. Sergeant Miller, one of his friends was having a banana split and

It was Evelyn who discovered the in the police department who had started talking. I told him to get

loss of her pet paring knife. "It often helped him in his work with going and let me alone, but he kept

was my little thinbladed knife that the boys of the town, rose from on and on. He finally argued me

I used to cut fruit and vegetables a chair. into going over to the shack with

into fancy shapes,"she explained. "I want to apologize for disturbhim and the others. They tried to

TO AN ANCESTOR

by Georgia Moore Eberling

I never met you, but I think I know so much about you, that I almost see your form beside me as I onward go.

At times it seems I hear you speak to me.

I am the one to whom you handed down your dreams, your wondrous knowledge, and your looks.

You gave to me the dreamer's laurel crown, a love of singing words, and poets'books.

Sometimes I wonder if the words I write are yours or mine, for it is hard to tell, those words that come in lovely trailing white or clad in black to sound a warning knell!

Dear One, my spirit knows this to be true:

you are a part of me and I of you.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To hear organ tone in its proper environment—arrangements for you to hear them.

in a correctly made church installation—is the Listen to the vast and inspiring tonal rebest way to judge its true beauty and range. sources of the Baldwin. Observe the care and

Baldwin Electronic Organs enrich worship in precision with which the Baldwin installation over 15,000 churches throughout the world. was executed. Then you will know how much a

If you will write to the Baldwin Organ Division Baldwin Organ can contribute to the beauty we will forward the names and addresses of worship in your church.

of Baldwin installations nearest you and make Send for the list ofBaldwin installations today.

IMPORTANT BOOKS FREE!

and Answers,""Questions also send you Baldwin will BUILT BY ""/'Vl about questions mostfrequent the to answers complete electronic organs. Also available, "The Architectural

to Write The Organ Installation.''Planning Of An Baldwin

Bldg. R-88, Organ Division, Company, Piano PIANOS ORGANS Baldwin

i Cincinnati 2, Ohio.

BALDWIN, ACROSONIC, HAMILTON. HOWARD PIANOS BALDWIN AND ORGASONIC ORGANS

SEPTEMBER 1959 679.

Fall is an ideal time to travel east—save your car and your nerves... and

colorful autumn leaves, new Broadway arrive refreshed and ready for business, shows, delightful weather and cool, sightseeing or fun!

crisp evenings.

Need help with your travel plans?

And the ideal way to get there is on a We're at your service—anything from

smartly appointed Union Pacific planning your itinerary to arranging

Domeliner. Your pleasure begins the for a Hertz rental car if you wish. Let

moment you step aboard. You'll relax us explain the moneysaving Family

all the way... enjoy delicious dining Fares, too, and the Rail Travel Credit

car meals... the luxury of the lounge Card which makes it unnecessary to

... have servants at your command.. carry large amounts of cash.

For details, reservations, or help with your travel plans, see your nearest

Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

UNION PACIFIC

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA get me to go with them out on a "Here is something from me,"he squirming in his chair. Then with

'job,'but I wouldn't. I got in the said, "I didn't have any paper to his eyes lowered he placed on the

car and left. I ran out of gas and wrap it up."table the fruit knife.

by the time I had walked back to "Why, Leland,"exclaimed Evelyn "I borrowed your knife,"he said.

town to get some and got home it in delight as she examined a carved "Mine wasn't too sharp, and I was awful late. But I don't expect wooden figure of a running deer, wanted to get the deer finished for

you to believe me.""it's really wonderful. So that's the your birthday. I hope you aren't

"Not so fast, son,"said the officer. reason behind all that whittling."mad."

"We were just checking on Spike's "I have more of them, but I As Evelyn stared at the knife a movements last night. That's all. It thought the deer was the best,"said tear slipped down her cheek. She

seems to check. Well, goodbye, be Leland boyishly. Hurrying to his said softly, "No, Leland, I'm not

seeing you."And he walked briskly room, he brought back figures of a mad."

to his patrol car and left. horse, a dog, and a cat. The boy, suddenly overcome with

Bruce reached in his pocket. "You "These are excellent,"exclaimed embarrassment at having fraternized

forgot to take up your keys last Bruce. "Say, isn't there a night more than he had ever done, exnight, son,"he said, and handed class in sculpture starting at the high cused himself and left the room.

them to LelancL school next week? You must enrol Evelvn and Bruce looked at each

As the boy took the ring, he looked by all means."other and smiled. It was Evelyn

full into Bruce's eyes for the first "I thought about it,"said Leland, who spoke. "I really thought you

time since that one searching glance were wrong, Bruce, but now I can in the courtroom. And something see that your love and patience and

Bruce saw there made him know FIRST BABY understanding have all but wrought that the battle was almost won. a miracle."

The next day was Evelyn's birthby Ida M. Pardue "Hey, not so many bouquets,"

day, and she found a present from laughed Bruce, gathering up his her husband by her plate. After Dad would like a boy. His aim? books. I'm just an ordinary high

she had unwrapped and admired the Carry on the family name. school teacher, you know."

gift, Leland placed an object on the Mom prefers the other gender—"Not so ordinary,"Evelyn whistable before her. For a future baby tender. pered softly.

Mail to: +'MARGOT ordersMANNERS, ZCMI

Salt Cit Lake y 10 > Utah n,Please send the following: S *Quan. / Item Size Color Price I OJV<E

=CU\ come in... dial EM 3-1575 Name

or mail this coupon... AddressCity Zone State

) Cash ( ) Charge ) C.O.D.

Postage( collect (outside of Salt Lake City. s / Utah residents add state 2 1/2% tax.

tough stretch nylon men's banIon shirts boys'nylon jeans

With English rib styling. Char, Full fashioned, soft as fur, cool as 1 1 Va oz. denim with DuPont nylon.

blue, grey, tan, rust, red, cork, mint, dry like magic. Lt. blue, Regular, slim, husky. Size 4-12,

black, turquoise. 5(7-8%'"), M(9- white, black, grey, red, beige, reg.2.98. 2/5.00

navy. S-M-L-XL. 5.95 11), Ldl13).

Size 1416, reg. 3.49 2/5.95

pr. 2.65 pr. 89c 3

ZCMI Boys'Furnishings—Street Floor ZCMI Men's Sportswear—Street Floor ZCMI Boys'Wear -—Downstairs Store

SEPTEMBER 1959 681 The Church Education times the average for the United

Program States and that about nine in a thousand attend colleges and unitwice the average for the United States. a few steps versity(Continuedgraduatesfrom pagehave 665)made outversities—nearly

standing records throughout the There is also in the Church a of preponderance college We can cite but a few examlarger from the nation. graduates and holders of master's ples here.

For 195758, 77 percent of the preand doctor's degrees than among any in people America. leads Utah medical students from were other BYU TEMPLE all the states of both in number men accepted in medical schools, as compared with the national average of of achievement and men of science

basis. a percentage percent, 55 and of 79 percent the on GROUNDS... In making these records, Church applicants were in accepted dental

schools, as compared with the namembers are merely demonstrating tional average of 55 percent. In their belief in the instruction of the

of "Seek the best ye out books 195859, 70 percent were in Lord: accepted

..."of wisdom. words In providing schools, medical and 97 percent were

accepted in dental schools as comdaytime religious education opporpared with the national average of tunities through seminaries, instijust above 50 percent. tutes, Deseret clubs, and junior and

A recent survey indicates that senior colleges the Church is making 50 percent or more of the superinit possible for our young people to tendents of school districts in Utah follow another admonition of the are graduates of Brigham Young Master: "But seek ye first the kingof his righteousand dom God University.

."4 spiritually ness.. while grow and the Citizen's Each year Research

academically..,. and your car is Council of Michigan five progressing awards

parked but a few highly desirable internships for Wise are the parents who will steps from your room. graduate work in the fields of state help their sons and daughters take

of the opportunities advantage which local and government. For five years

5 provides Church for them. in a row a has been the BYU graduate Every comfort and

convenience awarded one of these fellowships, -See Matthew 6:33.

and one year three of the five were 5The Unified Church School system has many facets articles; in brief these not for excovered made graduates. to BYU activities ample, of elementary two Free radio and television Similar it onesupervises at Colonia at records and one Dublan of accomplishment schools,

could be cited for graduates of ColoniaColonia Juarez.Juarez, Mexico,The LDSandBusinessan academyCollege inat

its Salt direction. City Lake This under comes all Reasonable rates nearly of the departments.

in year, reaches now of Church The or Jesus Christ of school, yearly in its people 1,500 more youngits seventythird day

Inviting swimming pool Latterday Saints has placed a timequality andbusinesseveningeducation,classes, spiritualproviding guidance,highest living on premium education. accommodations, lifetime employand Reports (during summer season) service. of department The Home that sixty show members of the mentthe Extension at Division offers evening StudyBYU

classes and correspondence courses 334 in the in atevery one thousand Familystyle Church fields of science, education, business, humanitend high ties, school—more than three languages, arts. fine and "Crossroads"restaurant

Next time you drive to Salt Lake, be sure to plan the INTO THE SUNSET extra pleasure of staying at the by Daphne Jemmett

The open range stretched out along the lone,

Long line of sky where homes once used to be,

No road, no car along the way, no homeJust sunbeams playing on the sagebrush sea.

His rheumy eyes were eager, though quite dim,

As if to look beyond the farther blue

To where the hills of childhood beckoned him

And loved boyhood valleys called him, too.

He raised a thinveined hand to wipe the sweat

From a now wrinkled face and rugged brow.

HOTEL UTAH He'dHe'dnot goadmitand itsee;washe'da mirage—yet;reach the place somehow.,.

his faltering footsteps found the land portals either MOTOR LODGE HeWheredid; shining stood on hand.

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ggmmsgTTT ""'""''"3S2B!Bmh

Death Valley

Days

Saturday—9:30 p.m.

Families see

eye to eye

with KSLTV

in the Mountain West

SEPTEMBER 1959 683.

In Sight of the Summit job counseling have a few sugges- 1. Advertise your best self in your

tions concerning each of these appearance—clothes, grooming, etc.

(Continued from page 675) stages: 2. Avoid negative advertisingcareer fields than he had ever Filling out the application: chewing gum, appearing nervous

dreamed. The thing to do is to 1. Study the job requirements to and fidgety, bluffing.

choose one of these fields and make sure you can qualify. 3. Make up your mind you want

then try to get "a"job in it. In 2. Print or type out the informathe job and then let the employment

order to make a breakthrough it tion requested. officer see your enthusiasm for it.

may be necessary to accept a very 3. Be sure the application is com- 4. Tell the interviewer as much as

modest and humble position at first. plete before you sign it. you can to help him get an honest

This has many advantages when a appraisal of your experience and person goes up through the ranks Taking examinations: ability.

later on. It makes the people under 1. Read each question slowly and 5. Have a brief summary already

him respect him because he has folanalytically before trying to answertyped up for him describing your lowed the traditional American it. experience, education, training, and

formula for success by following the 2. Briefly map out the highlights personal background.

course which ascends "from office of your answer before writing anyAfter this processing has been boy to president."They also have thing on the exam paper. completed the final step is followconfidence in his judgment because 3. Write legibly. up. Go back frequently to ask the

he once worked "in the ranks."4. Make your answers as pointed personnel officer how your applicaToday, many jobs are obtained by as possible. tion is coming. Many good jobs are

filling out an application, taking a 5. Review all of your answers belost just because of an applicant's

series of tests, and undergoing a perfore turning in your paper. failure to express a continuing intersonal interview. The experts on Being interviewed: est in getting the job.

:z q]vii

the finest carpeting is not too fine to grace the interior of your church..

Commercial carpets have to take continual wear, continual cleaning and still look good year after year... and the carpets

in your church must also have soundabsorbing qualities,

do it. Reasonably priced at $10 per square yard, installed. PEOPLE WHO KNOW. grace and dignity. Bigelow "Gropoint"is one carpet that can

See it... or any of Bigelow's vast selection... in ZCMI

Carpets, third floor. buy Biqelow RUGSVAND CARPETS

To save time, phone EM 3-1575 giving your color preference and the best time for our salesman to call...

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Assuming that Junior does get his job it is possible he may soon start talking about getting married!

"Did I Choose the Right Girl?"

Between 20 and 24 the vast majority of young men choose a mate and get married. Just prior to getting married both the boy and girl

suffer serious doubts. The boy says

to himself over and over again, "Did

I choose the right girl?"The marriage counselor will answer, "Measure your choice."

He will go on to explain that when a boy first decides to court a girl it is usually more by instinct than reason. The providential design is to

try and get the right combination together. If Junior makes himself

circulate around in order to become acquainted with many different girls his intuition tries to lead him to the girl who most nearly provides the things which his own personality requires. Parents and close friends

may not always agree with the choice and will counsel accordingly. "—and for goodness sake... mention her new Bigelow!"

Junior himself may have difficulty justifying it and may prolong the courtship just to make sure. But Proud of her new Bigelow? Well, naturally! Beautiful Bigelow Carpets

experience demonstrates that often give the whole family an elegant feeling of satisfaction and when a strong, extroverted, boisterpride. Bigelow colors, patterns and textures come in marvelously

ous boy chooses a sweet little specivaried assortments. And even though they're moderately

patient, quiet, of intelligent,men there qualities, may priced, Bigelows make any home glow with a rich feeling of madonnalike be far more merit to the combinaluxury and good taste. Everybody lives better, looks better on Bigelows.

tion than various onlookers may perceive. From these two Providence intends to make one complete, People who know... buyBigelow

totally integrated personality. Literrugs -carpets since 1825

ally, "these two shall be one."It

is toward such a goal of oneness that intuition draws them together, each contributing qualities in which the other feels strength. This is the

role of instinct. Next comes the role

of reason.

There are several helpful ways

Junior can test his choice of a mate to reassure himself he is right.

First, does he really know her? It is easy to become infatuated with FREE

her under the magic of moonlight, PARKING but after the ceremony he will have in Downtown to live with her total behavior patSalt Lake City tern. He should have had a chance

to see her on a hike, see what haptired, is and hungry, she pens when in guests dining hotel for our new and Free parking she person of kind irritated; what convenience comfort and terrace. parking Add 375car and a bucket with jeans is in blue

City. in Salt Lake stay to your will too, be he This, brush. scrub

marrying. THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY

Second, does she really know him? HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE COFFEE SHOP DINING ROOMS * BANQUET ROOMS

SEPTEMBER 1959 685.

the Missionary.. Has he been honest with her in his

days of courtship or did he give her a fast, smooth line? Nothing is

more important to a happy marriage n istinctive choice of than an honest relationship between programs to make the a boy and girl during their days of farewell complete. The courtship.

missionary's photograph Third, how much do they have in included in folded common? Love can overcome many

program. differences, but the storms of life

are too great to risk the shipwreck $18.00 for 500 of a marriage on the ragged edges

and 85c per 100 of several submerged icebergs. Comfor more or less than 500 mon factors of race, nationality, eduplus postage cation, social patterns, personal

ideals, intellectual attitudes, and

The West's Finest ultimatea most importantgoals in lifepartcanin allsolidlyplay

Printers and Binders cementing the oneness of a boy and girl together and.sealing out the

howling blizzards of life which will eventually sweep them. down upon Deseret they the Fourth, do have same

religious advantages? This does not

News religiousmean merelyfaith.belongingA mutuallyto theserioussame

attitude toward that faith is the vital key. Marriage is basically a religious

is institution intended to surand 33 RICHARDS ST. Press vive the through of spiritual building EM 4-2581

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH bonds which will unite a couple whether in sickness or health, in poverty or wealth, in old age or in youth. When a boy marries a girl

he should honestly ask himself: "Is

the spiritual foundation for our marriage a sound one?"If not, he should

proceed slowly. We have learned

from experience that the durability of the marriage may very well depend upon it.

There are many other questions a boy can ask about a girl, but these are the main ones. If these can all

be answered favorably, the chances

SEPTEMBER'S GARDEN

by Solveig Paulson Russell

Little garden, now September Takes you for her own.

Now she lays a film of ripeness

Where the squash have grown.

Now she clips the rusty peppers,

Nips the pumpkins at the stem,

Hardens kernels in the corn ears

To the gold of diadem.

West Coast Airlines—now connecting Salt Lake City, Ogden, and Logan Little garden, now September

with over 50 principal cities throughout the Pacific West. Featuring F-27 Honors all your summer care,

propjet airliners to and from Salt Lake City and Boise via Twin Falls. With her patient warmth and gladness

west const aiRiines Lays her blessing everywhere.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When the Mormon pioneers first reached the Great Salt Lake Valley they faced a monumental task. To survive, they had to transform the desert into a

garden. They accomplished this seemingly impossible goal because they possessed

the strength of resourcefulness.

Resourcefulness enabled the pioneers to overcome the obstacles they faced during the early days. It inspired their descendants to continue to convert land

most settlers did not want into a great and evergrowing empire. It created a

tradition of solving new problems as they appeared.i

The same pioneer tradition has been a vital factor in the business growth of Utah. For example, copper production began with a mountain of low grade ore

most mining men did not want. It, too, was developed by resourcefulness—

the introduction of a new concept of mining copper.

And through the years mining has been able to expand as a productive part of our state's economy because of resourcefulness in solving new problems.

The pioneers who first settled this area did more than establish a new community. They

also established the tradition of resourcefulness that is still a vital force in Utah today. It is a key

to the continuing growth of Utah and its businesses.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

Sfrfltev*.,..

SEPTEMBER 1959 687 are the others will be of minor riages that have been wrecked on a win the sympathy of the children consequence. dollar sign? Money problems are by complaining against the other

worked out best where there is an parent. Ultimately this may not

Making a Marriage Last early agreement on finances. By only break up a family but drive

In many primitive societies marmutual consent, either the husband the children toward the parent who riage is a very temporary and or wife should have the specific was supposed to be the alleged ofunstable institution of whim or conresponsibility for keeping the budfender. Being crybabies themvenience. In advanced civilizations get in balance. Any especial exselves, children have little trouble

a solid family life is the very foundapenses should be approved by both seeing through a grownup crybaby.

tion of the higher culture. Rising parties. Because one will be inIf they don't catch on in early life

divorce rates signal the erosion of clined to be more extravagant than they will in later years and what was a nation's underpinnings and sugthe other the bookkeeping might once sympathy for the complaining gest the presence of creeping dry rot best be left to the mate whom naparent often curdles into disgust.

in the rafters. It is the task of every ture has made the most frugal. In 5. Last of all, there is the pitfall

young couple to marry wisely and passing we should mention that a of falling in love with somebody plan to make their marriage a sucjoint bank account is a convenielse. This is usually inexcusable but

cess. Marriage counselors have a ence for some people but a nest of is terribly real when it happens. It

few suggestions that will help. serpents for others. Only a wellcomes from deliberately flirting

For example: disciplined couple should risk having around, fooling around, or just

one. fire. with playing young simply A 1. right. Start out marriage A 4. pitfalls the Beware common realize that to couple needs married of several one any contracted bemay all, is First of there of marriage. distin- (as infatuation physical in in temple, theways: a homeof apart. the growing problem is A love) genuine from guished civil or elopeceremony,town by strictly for too a wife can run home if allow proximity, they mostly and

is first best. thement. The The living so that goes a husband happy love, their neglect to themselves ownlast out completely. ruled should be relax. to read elsewhere and Or it nature a leaves which vacuum in couple theEvery young Church it that so sloppily can she he run fill creature fetching with some may so that qualifyshould try to they the at cronies old seeks out some is Aldynamite. proximity whose of in one thecan temmarried be preferable as club companions. By realizes quite before anyone mostples. will goes they time on As get token, can a the husband same is it, triangle. time, there a In thrilling of alearn the beauty maraffairs, civic in business, so involved flowers wilted hearts bleeding and is to setriage survive which up his shuts that sport or a hobby, he a life. of the mournful theme become in eternity. timeboth and The life his of completely out wife almost will as things never not Likely be in a of templecovenants marriage

it. realizing without beautiful again. the dream same A protective farservice are than more is pitfall arfor parents Another died. has in other arethose any which made of the the over guing management sisters. fidelity are twin and Love of settingplace. the whole The little child of psychildren. study A is their mother. Happiness make To is service with thetemple imbued basis will a give chology both them girl last the marriage and boy any to affinity mortalsnearest heaven discipline for and and management of casjealous zealously the be must attain.can of gives the parents then, one when building. tle slogan are Their they 2. kingdom. Build your own other instruction, parent can the an alintruders well be, might "No girl, also a marries a he boyWhen field support provide running whenthe nurture lowed!"Both must entire family.acquires her should He necessary. ever their living in of roots tender happy possibletherefore to everything do is also related a problem There lifeof special a garden. Out own to only himself acceptable notmake for crying towels. children of using efforts persubtle of the such time of that also pride source a butthem is tries to parent one This where glorious of ten thousand fumes circle. this into married hashe new

The girl should do likewise with memories blossom forth.

her husband's family. But this does In a home of dedication and affecnot mean they should live with tion, God seems to have little diffieither family! culty diffusing his choicest blessings,

There is profound wisdom in the bounties, and beneficence.

scripture which declares, "For this cause shall a man leave his father THE BLEST Conclusion wife, to his cleave mother,and and shall they twain beAnd one by Millie C. Kroll of Asthewepatternsconcludeandthisproblemsbrief resumecongirlflesh."10:7-8.) (Mark The fronting the 20year-old average we "For of such is the kingdom of God,"leaveshould also her mother and the help acknowledging cannot

father. When a couple are isolated He said, maze of vital decisions which he

their respective homesteadsfrom likely tothey are far more work out As he laid a hand on a curly head. yearsmust beginare allmaking."years Theof decision."next four

differences and make the continuSuch was Christ's love for the chilNever in his life has it been so imous adjustments which a successful dren of men; portant for Junior to be right. It is

marriage calls for. a task for a boy and his parents

3. Set up a sound family fiscal And he loves them still, as he loved which calls for sympathy, underpolicy. Who can count the marthem then. standing, and a united front!

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Conoco tire check keeps you feeling safer, more confident behind the wheel.

Put your carand your cares in CONOCO'S hands

Yes, your cares are our concern. That's why your Conoco Dealer so quickly

and carefully checks tires, battery, radiator, and makes your windshield sparkle. Everything's checked (if you have the time), nothing is left

to chance. You feel careFREE when you start your car... jk

the way your Conoco Dealer wants you to feel. Why don't you -'*&<--<*iti <0><.m.

join the thousands who are coming to Conoco every day f to get the Hottest Brand Going!

HOTTEST BRAND GOING... CONOCO!

1959, Continental Oil Company CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY SEPTEMBER 1959 689 These Times "He that will have his son (Continued from page 636)."world affairs. Consider the followrespect him..

ing: 1. The AfroAsian nations hold the Richard L. Evans

balance of power in the United Nations today. India is a prominent

leader of this bloc. Last week we closed with a sentence from John

Locke on the teaching and training of children, in 2. The United Nations has great THE which he said: "For you must take this for a certain

prestige in these nations, a fact which SPOKEN truth, that let them have what instructions you both Russia and Red China have to WORD will, and ever so learned lectures... daily inculrespect, and which conditioned U.S. cated into them, that which will most influence their carriage will

policy in turning against British and be the company they converse with, and the fashion of those about

French allies in the Suez crisis. them."1 This impresses the importance of what we do, what we are,

3. Americans and Canadians have as compared with what we say—the words we speak, as comno language difficultv in dealing pared with what others see in us and feel from us. And as to

with the majority of the literate Inparents, as to teachers, as to all of us, never should we suppose dian people, who are of Dravidianthat others will do what we say more surely than what they see

Caucasian racial stock and who also us do. "Manners,..."continued John Locke, "about which chiluse the English language. However, dren are so often perplex'd, and have so many goodly exhortations

we should be aware of the fact that made them... are rather to be learnt by example than rules;...

Russia and Chinese "missionaries"Having under consideration how great the influence of company is, have cultivated Hindi, Urdu, and and how prone we are all, especially children, to imitation, I must other languages indigenous to the here take the liberty to mind parents of this one thing, viz., that he

Indian peoples. We should do no that will have his son have a respect for him and his orders, must

less. himself have a great reverence for his son. You must do nothing

4. The process of acculturation, its before him, which you would not have him imitate.... He will

understanding and careful manipube sure to shelter himself under your example,... If you punish

lation, may be the greatest weapon him for what he sees you practice yourself, he will... be apt to

of all in the "cold war."Mr. Herter interpret it [as] the peevishness and arbitrary imperiousness of a

and Mr. Gromyko have necessarily father, who, without any ground for it, would deny his son the

talked themselves "blue in the face"liberty and pleasures he takes himself.... Children (nay, and

at Geneva. real, major The all of are too,) a sort [chameleon], most issue men, do by example. We confronts is probAmericawhich is it us; to tincture near that still nor a be wonder'd take from things

ablv our longrange relations with at in children, who better understand what they see than what

Red China. We have no communithey hear...."1 These are sobering thoughts because of the recation with China now. The old sponsibility they place upon us all. Beyond the mere routine of

resources for obtaining agreement teaching, beyond the mere saying of sentences, beyond the mere with the Chinese people are defunct. speaking of repetitious truths—beyond all this, to be most effective

New approaches must be built to and most convincing, we have to be—and should be—the living

reach and influence the Red regime, witnesses of the truth of what we teach.

control administrativewhose and 3 John Locke, Sonic Thoughts concerning Education.achievements mainon the Chinese

land can be assumed to be not only 'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the permanent, but also one of the major Columbia Broadcasting System, June 28, 1959. Copyright 1959.

political accomplishments since the rise to world power of the American

Union. The Indian realm may be

therefore, the best available society in which Americans and Canadians Such a program would have many a President (elected every five gain experience, skill, and underadvantages over the present United years ), and a government headed by standing for eventual rebridging of StatesRussian arrangements. a Prime Minister who must enjoy

the gap with the Chinese. "Cultural"could also, inin the case majority support from a Parliament

5. There are other important of India, be used to develop cornof two chambers, the Council of

bridgeareas: Japan, Taiwan, and mercial exchange of real value to States (Senate), and House of the

Southeast Asia. But generally both parties. Trade relations are People. The Indian Union contains

speaking, the Indian field may well never simple. But something of 29 states. The principal political

be the most valuable. durable value could be built beparty is the "Congress"party, led

In a day when "cultural exchange"tween the U.S. and an independent, bv Mr. Nehru.

between the United States and Rusneutral India. The course could be There are approximately 375,000,-

sia preoccupies the American public, steered so that the relations with 000 human beings in the Indian perhaps plans should be made for Pakistan would not be jeopardized. Union. They represent a great oplarge-scale cultural exchange beIndia is governed under its Conportunity for making friends and

tween the United States and India. stitution of 1950, which provides for influencing people in these times.

690 THE IMPROVEMENT E'Bring your garden (and your gardener) indoors!

with newTrimline Doors by Fuller FULLER PRODUCTS FOR COMFORT

AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

Here for the first time is a quality sliding door any home can afford Trimview,Shower Doors Trimview Tub Enclosures Fuller—with features never before built into a competitively priced door. Lifetime Mirrors * Sliding Windows (& Screens) Medicine

Trimline's simplified design makes it possible. Look what Trimline can Cabinets Trimview Casement Windows Louvre Windows

Sliding Glass Trimline Interior Doors (& Screens) Trimview&do for your home when you build or remodel: Your living room becomes

Pittsburgh Products Glass Wallpaper & Exterior Paintsas big as all outdoors—yet you're fully protected against drafts and

moisture. The heavygauge aluminum frames have a beautiful, corrosion-resistant finish. The sliding panel glides open whispersmooth. Take

your choice of five handle types, single or double glass, or even Fuller's special gray glass. Sliding screens are optional, too. Discover what modern interest you can give your home—and how economically Trimline ULLERPAINTS GLASS

Sliding Glass Doors can help you do it. See your Fuller Dealer soon.

Seminaries professional knowledge of the subequipped for the teaching of young ject at hand and a dedication of his people. The capable instructor

time varies professional lesson that surpasses from the obapproach(Continued from page 659) work

'interest revitalize to ligation. and notice that a to time You may

the course material is studied with session of serious reasoning on some motivate the students. With all

seriousness of purpose; there is inpoint of doctrine is interrupted by that, rather rigid rules of school

tent to learn and to know, to earn a ripple of laughter that flutters decorum are maintained; a free perand to keep alive a testimony of the over the class as the teacher points missive atmosphere is apparent. A

gospel of Jesus Christ. For teenout some humorous human relationhand goes up, and a student asks a

agers, like all of the human family, ship. You may notice, too, the use question which ignites a lively diswill be saved only insofar as they of visual aids and the employment cussion leading toward the implantgain knowledge. of the best teaching techniques ing of some principle of truth in

Several things are apparent in the known. the minds of students. The teacher

teacher—an understanding knowl- A glance around the room imemploys skilled techniques and

edge of young people, a studied presses one that it is built and diplomatically manages the conversation as a conductor would an orchestra. He directs them toward

the achievement of some facet of knowledge. He encourages them to

embrace ideals of Christian nobility.

Occasionally there are interruptions, sometimes disruptions, for where there are people there are problems and especially in teenage people they show through the surface quickly. Occasionally a class is

a disappointment, but mostly the students are distinctly rewarding and not infrequently inspiring.

Something may be learned from the way students gather about the teacher after class until the pressure classes prevents of other appointed prepare further. lingering from One them

is impressed too with a discerning insight of the teacher who senses that it is the boy shuffling nervously IIW at the edge of the group who most needs his attention and time on this day. His disarming smile and friendly offer to be of help is the basis at the "U"

for a counseling appointment where

Apprehension of the future is a No matter what your plans are many of life's problems may be remajor concern for most high school for the future, be sure to see what solved and where not infrequently graduates. the U. of U. has to offer you in its seeds of future misery and despair

The hest way to minimize those 12 colleges and 68 departments. are rooted out.

fears and build confidence is to preThis is just one class period. There

pare with a good college education. are something over 175 of them in

Experience has proved that educaRemember these dates: each school year. When a teention is the best insurance for future ager has completed three of the four

welfare. Freshman Registration courses and is qualified for graduaSeptember 24 tion,. he has attended about 525

The University of Utah is conhours of such instruction. And

tinually building and expanding to Registration for Other Stumany, even after graduation, return meet the needs of the future. The dents for a fourth year course.

faculty is recognized as one of the September 2526 Most of the seminary students are strongest anywhere. the common garden variety of LDS

Unexcelled opportunities for study Class Work Starts teenager; however a number of speare available in a wholesome and Monday, Sept. 28 cial classes are in operation. Addesirable environment. jacent to the Intermountain Indian

School, for instance, there is a

For full information write: seminary which serves over 300

Navaho Indian students. Other allOffice of the President Indian seminaries are contemplated

in the future. At Riverside, California, a seminary class is composed UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Salt Lake City, Utah

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

exclusively of members of the has completed the prescribed threethat where two seminary graduates

Church who are deaf and dumb. year course of study. The chairman marry, in eightyseven percent of the

They are taught by an inspired of the stake board of education calls cases they will be married in the teacher who has the same handicap. each graduate to come forth and house of the Lord. The graduate is

There is something vital and spepresents each with a diploma. More inclined further to desire missionary

cial about seminary. The students than a white leather cover, and more experience, and he has a background

feel it and are willing to express it, than an embossed certificate is the of these many hours of instruction and they often do. "When we can reward for seminary experience. The that bring him to the mission field

meet together every morning for a seminary graduates, 11,000 strong, already somewhat qualified for his song and a prayer and to study the often become active in Church assignment. He is reinforced with

gospel it sets the whole day in participation and leadership. As a a knowledge of the principles of the

proper perspective."seminary graduate, one is more ingospel of Jesus Christ. Because he

Actually seminary students do betclined toward temple marriage. A has studied and learned and sat daily

ter in their other high school studies. study of over 2600 families indicated in the spiritual atmosphere of a

Some have assumed that this extra class may burden the teenagers and their other school discipline would suffer. Extensive surveys show that

seminary students rank high in scholarship.

TO A GENTLE CHILD

by Christie Lund Coles

Hide yourself beneath your pride,

Do not ever say, "It was because I loved you,"As you did today.

Let indignation spark you, Let accusations rise, But do not stand before me With such bewildered eyes...

These can break the heart of one

Who wounds you thoughtlessly, More than any angry word, See... my darling... see.

expressions the stufrom Other in Togetherness: Wicks and church buildingdents point values out the social

"Itthe helps us to program.

just go naturally building church and magnificent Organ Wicks Pipe new meet A fellow oureach day with Church is the this perfect of other. Typical union the together. complements One

members as part of our school pronewly installed Wicks seven rank pipe organ in the Mill Creek Fourth L.D.S.

gram. These associations carry over Ward chapel, Salt Lake City, Utah. Here is togetherness, a natural conciliation

into our school life and help to hold of majestic Wicks pipes and interior church beauty.

us together even though we are only If you're planning to build a new church or remodel your present one, include a few in number."Wicks in your plans. Unequalled for complete quality control and tonal beauty,

The culmination of the -.seminary a Wicks Pipe Organ is for now and many years to come. Only Wicks custom

finish. start only That's to Wicks offers a from why pipe organ yourprogram comes on graduation night. builds

builders. other leading... twice organ as as long guarantee 10yearSometimes the number of graduates

representative help you plan your particular infactory-trained a Wicksis small. early morning Let Some

stallation. Mail There's no obligation. coupon today. districtsclasses in outlying graduate

fewer than a dozen students each 7%,cUl @<*ccft<xtt *7*d<Uf... 7fo Ofittyattatt

year. Many of the fulltime semiWicks Organ Company Dept. J00

naries graduate several hundred Highland, Illinois students. Please mail full information on Wicks Pipe Organs

In an impressive graduation cereto:

mony, the principal certifies to the Your Name district or stake board of education 1*11* JLC OJtiGANS Your Church that each candidate for graduation The House of Wicks Street AddressWicks Organ Company

Highland, Illinois City Zone StateSEPTEMBER 1959 mi seminary class, he will be more intudes of the noble Christian charThe new South German Mission clined throughout his life to follow acter. is to be created from the southern

the voice of Israel's prophets. "In fostering the educational propart of the present West German

It has been nearly a half cengram of the Church, the First PresiMission. Headquarters will be in

tury since the first seminary clashes dency and the Quorum of the Stuttgart, Germany. Elder John A.

were held. Today the everincreas- Twelve who constitute the General Buehner, former bishop of the East

ing student body numbers 51,500 Board of Education look for the Stratford ( Salt Lake City ) Ward has students. The place of the seminary seminaries and institutes to have a been called to preside. He is presprogram of the Church in teaching significant place with the priesthood ently a member of the Highland

the gospel of Jesus Christ is set and auxiliary organizations in the Stake high council. He and his wife

forth in the following words of training of the youth of the Church are expected to leave Salt Lake City

President David O. McKay: of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."for the new assignment about Au-

"The youth of today will constigust 22.

tute the leadership of tomorrow. The second new mission, the

Their wellbeing, their training and Andes Mission, will include the instruction have alwavs been of vital South American countries of Chile interest to the leaders of the Church. The Church Moves On and Peru. Headquarters will be in

"Great concern is shown for our either Santiago, Chile, or in Lima, youth, that they develop a testimony (Continued from page 644) Peru. Elder J. Vernon Sharp, secof the restored gospel of Jesus Christ ond counselor in the Olympus (Salt

and have as benefits in their lives The appointments of Elders Lake County) Stake presidency has

F. LeSueur, Malcolm Edmund principles guidingthe called to preside. a and been He is protec- H and H. Ward M. Evans,tion conviction such knowledge missionary former and to Mexico, and

offer. McCarty to the general board of was one of the first missionaries to

"The seminaiy and institute prothe Young Men's Mutual Improveserve when the South American gram offers daily instruction in moral ment Association was announced. Mission was opened in 1925. He

and spiritual values. It gives meanand Mrs. Sharp will leave for the

ing and purpose to secular education, The First Presidency anassignment soon after October conand assists the noble man and the nounced the formation of two ference. Later they will be joined

young woman to develop the attinew missions. by their daughter, Susan.

NEW FROM! VIRCO The "CHAMP/ON"

High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chair

Check these outstanding features:

safety -tested r* "Can'tReinforcedtip"seat k Three leg braces not two *r Fusion welded and brazed r Tough bakedon enamel finish r New longlife plastic leg tips

JK Vircoloy steel - 20% stronger

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding tables for every purse and purpose.

VIRCO MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. 0. Box 44846, Station "H"

tos Angeles, California

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gives with builtin gas savers &

Bonus Miles --the ultimate in gasoline performance l

.High octane stops gaswasting knock

Cleaner combustion keeps engines freer of carbon Most fouled spark

plugs are restored to full fire, saving fuel.

Drive in at

the Utoco sign

for today's

finest gasolines!

YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET IT!

:Sfl; W-bokn, N FREEnoM UTOCO'S 50th YEAR

IJWORKINGPORPBOGRESS

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

SEPTEMBER 1959 695

The Most Expensive Institutes thing a Man or Woman can put into his or her wardrobe is (Continued from page 663) Latterday Saints, p. 11.

Sometimes, too, in a college atare taught mosphere, where studentsAn Overweight Figure and to think rigorously on all issues

It costs more to clothe—It costs more to feed—It costs more to repair—It goes on the to question facts not provable by the

blink more frequently—Must be depreciated much faster scientific process and where youthful

beliefs and ideals are dissected publicly and even held up to ridicule by some, there is little question about the value of the institute of religion in helping students find the equilibrium necessary in this new leavening process. The program at the institutes of religion is set up to supply

this vital link; to help give meaning

and purpose to the unrelated compartmentalized segments of information parceled out to students by a faculty of specialists in specific fields, with SURE MEAL who ofttimes give no help to syntheIt's a delicious drink and it's easy to lose 3 to 6 lbs. on 9 size their information into a related

successive SURE MEALS. You can lose 2 lbs. a week on 2 whole. Small wonder that some

SURE MEALS a day. When you have your weight at a satisstudents become confused in such a

factory level, one SURE MEAL a day will help you keep your situation.

body in good nutritional balance—and you'll find it easy to College youth, many of whom are

hold your weight right where you want it. away from home for the first time,

can feel secure knowing that they

If you just want to try SURE MEAL send for the 20 MEAL have an institute teacher who can

SIZE—but if you have a lot of weight to move, order the help them fit the puzzle together,

economical 40 meal size at only $9.00—or ask about a case who, himself, has a rather complete

price for 6 40 meal containers view of life and who, as a college student not many.years before, has

To Fortify your Diet—try Don Lyman's 2 to 1 had some experiences similar to

Food Supplement theirs.teacher toThen,be onetoo, whothevhasfinda testitheir

You'll look better—feel better and have more pep and vitality. mony of the divinity of the restored

gospel, as well as a depth of understanding of men and God and his

If you are TIRED OF BEING TIRED relationship to them.

tablets. are There try will to 1 Mineral our 2 well to and Vitamin then do you few Counseling

will Lyman's 1 Food that 2 to stand with Don comparison the today market products on

Supplement. The quality—the expert balance of ingredients—the natural and organic The counseling program of the

sources—the high potency and the low, low price are all outstanding. institute gives consultation privileges

with skilled counselors. During

As you use 2 to 1 you will be taking an important step to help build your resistance these college years effective religious and lay the foundation for a better life through intelligent nutrition. 2 to 1 is a family guidance serves to direct the energy

product and may be used by children as well as adults—Use the coupon below to order. of students toward constructive attitudes and assists them in making

more satisfactory adjustments which

DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES EMpire 3-9674 will qualify them for Church lead472 So. 10th East, Salt Lake City, Utah ership and wholesome Christian

Please send or deliver without extra cost: living.

Activities 2 Supplement to 1 Food "I started here to play coming stusaid a graduating Vitamins SURE MEAL Pingpong,"Minerals &

Size $4.75 20 Meal dent. "It's like a home away from

Size One Month Supply....$5.49 40 Meal home."$9.00 Q

Two Month Supply $10.00 Defatted Chocolate fj "This is where I met my husbride remarked. a recent Six Month Supply $25.00 Q Vanilla band,"

girls volunteered, Six charming

I'm interested in raising funds for Church group Q Self "Our double trio got its start when

Nc we were asked to sing at a Lambda (Continued on page 698) Addr

City & State 696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA QUICK PROFITS from EASY SALES Selfcontrol, and liberty, and law

Your people will buy Richard L. Evans Messenger's Historical

Art Calendar on sight.

This is the calendar recall a these designed phrases from especially moving two we May for the produced and in selfsoul thy song: "Confirm meaningful and Jg:.-:::::i Christ of Jesus Church

in liberty earnestly control, law."Saints. 8 THE and 1 Always Thy of LatterDay

Stakes can and Wards in all in issues of all the urgent the aspects and profit. to 100% up make

'yj/word>-"SPOKEN "liberty""selfcontrol""law."life are and and tested And proven and A 1 program fundraising is is to liberty to forgotten, that taught, always never be and - be

orfor quorums and to liberty Selfcontrol are law. preserved basic and and law by ganizations.

life, basic to the eternal plans and purposes of the Lord God perMail coupon for full taining to his children. But sometimes we may seem more to have particulars.

HistoriMessenger liberty selfcontrol, law. <j the than freedom than remembered more

Art has Calendar receive live together, serve and As we come together, as we as we / scriptural / briefcal mes-

/ for sage LatterDay in service closer together, physically ever a world where come we for Saints each day selfcontrol, to to always live our 'have always have have we we the year together of lives with law as well as with liberty. Always we have to consider with 13 appropriate

the rights, the privileges, the comfort, the convenience of others, inartfull,reproductionsnatural color.

with an awareness that we have no right to do anything we want, Also historical data, to take anything we want, or irresponsibly to say anything we "want, mandmentsetc. The Tenon theComback

or to befoul the moral atmosphere, or the water others use, or cover in beautiful Old

English their are, or others others have, or the peace that the air where olored border—lettering suitwith lives. rightful live or to to privacy, uninhibited have for framing. be able We

considerate of others always. Selfcontrol, with law, is the only PRICES: Single copy 454; 3 copies $1.25;

safeguard of liberty—and not the existence of law only, but respect j 12 copies $4.50; 25 copies $7.75;

for law, obeying the law—the laws of. God, the commandments, 50 copies $15.00.

the laws of the land. In a meaningful commencement address Write today forbetter prices on larger

a great American said this of laws and liberty not many months quantities and for proven sales plan.

before he left this life: "We are too inclined,"he said "to think

of law as something merely restrictive—something hemming us in.

Proctor Francis liberty. that of the of as think opposite But sometimes law We Utah Salt South, Lake City 6, 21st, E. 1051

.. is himself. did contradict a false not conception does God He

Historical.Messenger at once send afterthought, as create not an impose him upon and then,. man for Calendars a PleaseArt 1960.

set of arbitrary, irritating, restrictive rules. He made man free—Enclosed is remittance of $.

information on Ward and send free plan. and then gave him the commandments to keep him free.... We PleaseStake sales

cannot break the Ten Commandments. We can only break ourselves against them—or else, by keeping them, rise through them Name.

free. us to fulness to the God. of freedom under be God means

2 this Address. of choice."daring, divine us he gave the power To With

great utterance we would add: The greatest threat to liberty is City State.

lawlessness. And the greatest assurance of liberty is respect for

law—the laws that lead to justice, to peace, and a quiet conscience,

with consideration for others always. "Confirm thy soul in selfcontrol, thy liberty in law."1 FIL

'Katherine Lee Bates, America, The Beautiful. DEVELOPED & PRINTED

2Cecil B. DeMille, BriRham Young University Commencement Address, 1957.

presented r % -ZV JUMBO Word,"from over KSL and Temple Square Spoken "The the a"M

P--"TS 1959. 1959. Copyright Broadcasting System, July 5, Columbia J<nExposure oc\ fjHrJaWWWffU Rom wB&nSSlw J5C OLD PHOTOS Copied and Printed

each for GENEALOGY—60<Moneyback Guarantee!

SAM'S PHOTO LAB Lake City, Ut.\ IP. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt

nimm- (>i..-wn:-an 'iw ix -<n-< i *-!:* SEPTEMBER

by Nell Evans Atwell IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

Somehow September has knocked once more sore throat and other minor mouth

On summer's step... and on my door. and throat irritations.

She left a goldleaf calling card

And scattered petals in my yard. HALL'S REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah

t-o--o-m-o--o-o--o-m-o-mm-u-mo-* t-u-'+mmV4

SEPTEMBER 1959 697.

Institutes More (Continued from page 696)

Delta party.""It's fun to belong

to the institute."All these remarks QUALITY typify the attitude of students toward the institutes'activities.

There are regular student club groups, discussion groups, formal More and informal parties, banquets, athletic activities, and various other recreational features, most of which are sponsored by Lambda Delta Sigma, a national Latterday Saint fraternity, or the Mutual ImproveMore ment Associations. These social

groups, usually under Lambda Delta

Sigma sponsorship have consistently won more than their share of VALUE trophies for outstanding performance with No. 555 on most university campuses. Then,.. Stack, move, store on dolly companionshiptoo, young peopleamongfindassociateswholesomeof

Stack Chair Durham gives you seating econthe Church in these social functions.

omy. Vinyl laminated Singing, dancing, drama, skits, etc.,

steel back, seat and rusprovide outlets for the talent and frames and bronze set vinyl; or beige flnenergy of these Latterday Saint

all style. steel sh Big youth.

14"14"seat. x Standard

dining height.

Worship Devotional programs, in class as well as those sponsored by the various auxiliaries of the Church, are uplifting. In 1957, independent

wards and branches were organized at most institutes of religion. All

positions are staffed with students, with the exception of the bishop, who is a permanent member of the unusual opportunity for leadership

Complete line of children's chairs. No. 251 Wrap rack is exclusive Strongesttubular steel

tubular steel ladder back with padded upholextra feature of Durham frame chair on market. and character development by par24"stered seat x and lines. armchair. No. 305J Clean, all steel channel tablet modern ticipation School, Sacrain Sunday

5- 12"frame are leading writing values. two surface. styles Similar and priesthood meetings, with ment MIA, vinyl laminate, core ply hardwood arm wood,

or upholstered and, in padded Northern cases, has Maple Relief some Society TESTED jf Write x wire, lamifor back, seats; padded, melamine * \ APPROVED AND or meetings. this in goal of type The backs. surface. nate upholstered Today! * Catalog LEADING BY actual training experience is not only I INSTITUTIONS FOR I\

, 'able leadership also willing 50 YEARS but frOVER

DURHAM MANUFACTURING CORP.* MUNCIE, IND. leadership. It is hoped that the

young men and women who have had leadership opportunities (and an attempt is made to keep the ward small enough to give every member

Reminds you of fresh country cream aandjob)stakeswillbettergo backpreparedto theirandwardsmore willing to serve the Church and their..that good Morning Milk fellow men.

Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in textureThe membership certificates of young people who go to colleges and

Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the universities should be sent to thenunopened can. Guarantees superior cooking university wards (via proper channels) so that they can find activity

results. in the student wards, be called to

positions of responsibility, and find

So rich if whips easily when chilled joy in associating with other mem698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bers of the Church in their regular FOR

Church program.

One of the signal accomplishmentsfor the Latterday Saint youth at LASTING college is graduation from the institute of religion as well asgraduation from college. It is a BEAUTY

mark of distinction to "graduate twice."

Deseret Clubs

With the marked success of the institute program in reaching students of college age, additional demands soon reached the department of education for assistance in providing similar training and activities for small groups of L.D.S.

students on campuses farflung from the immediate environs of the Church. Such requests resulted in

what have been called "Deseret clubs."The first of these clubs was estabBUILD

lished in the Los Angeles area in 1935 under the direction of the late

Elder John A. Widtsoe of the CounWITHcil of the Twelve Apostles. From

this early beginning evolved a score of full and parttime institutes in the BRICKvarious colleges and universities in

Southern California and elsewhere.

For a number of years these clubs existed sporadically. In 1955, with For Chapels, Schools, Homes, Gymthe appointment of a general secrenasiums or any building... for outside

tary of the Deseret clubs, further or inside... you can build better with

expansion has been effected and BRICK.

presently thirtytwo active clubs are Brick gives you enduring beauty, in operation in fifteen states of the minimum maintenance, versatile conUnion, with an anticipated increase struction, fire safety and LOW CONof a dozen during the forthcoming STRUCTION COST.

year. Deseret clubs are located at For Brick, Glazed Tile or the new

ten colleges in California, two in vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe with the

Colorado, two in Montana, four in WedgeLock, come in or call:

Oregon, two in Texas, and one in each of the following states: Connecticut, Florida, Idaho, Hawaii,

Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska,New Mexico, New York, Ohio, UTAH FIRE CLAY CO.

Washington, and the District of Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City Dial EM 3-2763

Columbia.

Fitting the secular and the religious into a unified, whole pattern gives the completeness needed in i*rt+b/- today's university education. Man >'i)

has progressed far technologically in relating lacks considerablybut peacefully to his ek to wkoct'tim and productively fellow man. In this critically important area of human relations,

goals, ideals, and the purpose of life, the religion of the Latterday catalog to: Saints as taught in the institutes of &msiwPlease send a free HOME STUDY

religion and Deseret clubs makes Name a meaningful contribution to the Address completeness of life. City State

STUDY HOME

Extension S*rvic*t and Adult Education

Brigham Young Univtrlity frovo, Utjti

SEPTEMBER 1959 699 YOUR MAN'S ARTISTRY SALT LAKE OPTICAL by Ada Marie Ledingham

HEADQUARTERS ManYet, lovingstands enthralledwords exceedbeforethe thefairestfragileflowerblossom,

In bringing solace to a saddened hour.

EYEGLASSES Forgiveness has more prisms than the rainbow,

Greening greater vistas than the rain

CONTACT LENSES In bringing a poor heart its peace again.

ARTIFICIAL EYES What artisan excels the sunrise splendor

Till friendship's genius lights a darkened dawn

HEARING AIDS And bids another's loneliness be gone.

3 LOCATIONS...

The The beginnings of habits OPTICAL SHOP Richard L. Evans

420 Boston Bldg. We have talked in recent weeks of selfcontrol, of

368 East First South the fact that every man must sometime be trusted 1062 East 2100 South THE to himself, and of the influencing of others by the lives. as to now, some And

this EM 3-5262 WORDSPOKEN livingfurtherexamplerelated ofthoughtsour general on theme:

Salt Lake City, Utah Time passes with exceeding swiftness between the time when we are very young and free and flexible until the time when thoughts and habits and attitudes become somewhat firmly fixed. And

since fixed impressions, fixed standards, and the hardening of habits are so early in evidence, the beginnings of traits and tendencies are exceedingly significant: From John Locke we

would here cite some sentences on this important subject: "Parents,"he said, "being wisely ordain'd by nature to love their children,,

are very apt,... to cherish their faults too. They must not be

cross'd, forsooth; they must be permitted to have their wills in all.

things; and they being in their infancies not capable of great

vices, their parents think they may safe enough indulge their irregularities, and make themselves sport with that pretty perverseness which they think well enough becomes that innocent age. But

to a fond parent, that would not have his child corrected for a.

perverse trick, but excus'd it, saying it was a small matter, Solon very well replied, 'Aye, but custom [the habit, the tendency] is:

no small matter.'... For you must always remember, that chilNEED MONEY? dren [become]... men earlier than is thought...."1 The beginYou or your Church organization can nings—the establishment of standards, of attitudes, of tendencies,,

make up to $1,000 or more by selling of habits which soon harden, of departure from principle—are.

Christmas cards and supplies. always exceedingly important. William James thus summarized

All our merchandise on consignment. the subject: "Nothing we ever do is in strict scientific literalness.

Absolutely no money outlay. Free shipwiped out.... Could the young but realize how soon they will,

ping, immediate delivery. All majorbecome mere walking bundles of habits, they would give more'

lines of quality cards and supplies heed to their conduct while in the plastic state. We are spinning;

available at lowest prices. our own fates, good or evil.... Every smallest stroke of virtue;

scar........ imitators, are profit We Average

2 It is true isolated that act or an year, over $200 of—LDSseveralorganizationsmore thanlast andor ofcopiersvice leavesof ouritspastneverselves."so little

$1,000. instance may seem a small matter at the moment, but it is no>

Write or call now for full details. small matter, young or old,. at any age, to let a false standard get: started, or to let a wrong habit harden.

No obligation.

]John Locke, Some Thoughts concerning Education.

2William James, The Laws of Habits.

\J. ID. lA/koieiaie IDidtribuLon

Spoken "The Word,"from presented Temple Square the over KSL and LDS Owned and Operated Broadcasting System, Columbia 1959. 1959. Copyright July 12,

2435 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone HU 5-0812 If no answer, call CY 8-4681

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERAi SPACE EXPLORATION You will want to see

American space first—the everchanging wide open

spaces of western wonderlands—Colorful Colorado and

Scenic Utah—along Rio Grande's "Scenic Line of the

World."

SPACE OBSERVATION Up, down, ahead, behind... unobstructed views of all the wonderful western

spaces and places—when the sun is bright and with the

stars at night—are sellout features of seeall Rio Grande

VistaDomes.

SPACE RELAXATION Uncrowded comfort...

freedom to roam spaciousness itself is an exclusive rail

Sign up for spectacular Space Travel travel feature exemplified by Rio Grande "Hotelon- wheels"design and operation.

on these FOUR FINE "SEELINERS:"

RAIL TRAVEL CREDIT STOPOVER PRIVILEGES

The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR (CB&Q-D&RGWWP) Daily San FranciscoOakland-

Salt Lake CityDenver-OmahaChicago. RAILAUTO PLAN FAMILY FARE PLAN

The PROSPECTOR (VistaDome between Salt Lake City and Grand Junction) Overnight,

every night between Salt Lake City and Denver. American Plan.

The VistaDome COLORADO EAGLE (MP-D&RGW) Daily DenverColorado SpringsPueblo-

WichitaKansas CitySt. Louis.

The VistaDome ROYAL GORGE—Daily Salt Lake CityProvo-Grand JunctionGlenwood

SpringsSalida-Canon CityPueblo-Colorado SpringsDenver.

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

TRAVEL CENTER GROUND FLOOR CORNER, HOTEL UTAH OAvis 2-5741

SEPTEMBER 1959 701 Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

aWise Food Storage Plan

by Merritt H. Egan, M.D. have on hand the essentials that will preserve life

for one year.

We are told that in the last days the privation and

Twentytwo years ago in reemphasizing the Church hardships will be greater than any mankind has been welfare program, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., adforced to suffer on this earth. "For in those days

vised, "Let every head of every household see to it shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginthat he has on hand enough food and clothing and, ning of the creation which God created unto this when possible, fuel also for at least a year ahead."time, neither shall be."(Mark 13:19.)

This statement has been repeated many times. What better insurance could we have than a rotated

Temporal enemies can attack in the form of an one year's food supply? This may be much more

accident, sickness, famine, unemployment, or war. valuable under emergency conditions than a large

Let us again emphasize this counsel because a recent bank account if supplies are exhausted. Also, this

survey in a ward revealed that approximately 80% can serve as a partial health and accident policy in of our active Melchizedek Priesthood holders do not case one has misfortune such as accident or loss of

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA health resulting in loss of employment.

Reasons for Storage:

Consider the following good reasons for storage: First, our prophets,

Braiding rugs is one of busy winner's hobbies seers, and revelators have so counseled us. Second, history has demonMother and Daughters Win Blue Ribbons for Cooking

strated repeatedly that prosperity and plenty will not always be with prizes!This trioMrs.of goodCurtiscooksVawdreyall won firstand you'llYeast beevenusingmoreFleischmann's—in yeast treatsDry

us. There are times of harvest and daughters, Ramona and Kathleen, for lunch boxes and snacks. So get

times between harvest. The wise of Draper, Utah, got their ribbons Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast and

man saves from the harvest for the at last year's Salt Lake County Fair. keep a supply handy on your shelf.

lean months. The sluggard pays no With eight children and 16 grandAnd try the easy new yeast and

biscuit find them mix recipes! You'll children Mrs. has a "builtVawdrey toattention this thinking that the package. on the Fleischmann's taste in"jury for new recipes. Andstatus of the world will quo always

any time a recipe calls for yeast, be. Or he hopes that someone will she uses Fleischmann's Active Dry

look out for him. As one season is Yeast. "It rises perfectly every time,"

less productive than another so go she says. "Keeps for months, too."

also the years. Surely a one year's And now that school time's here Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

supply is little enough. Third, the

head of a household is charged with the scriptural injunction (I Tim.

5:8) to provide for his family. It

seems unlikely that one who really believes these statements will excuse himself by saying that he does not find it convenient or that he does not have the storage space. These

will seem inconsequential arguments when the time comes that these supplies are needed.

The advantages of home storage cannot be approached by commercial or government stock piling. The

Church welfare program cannot begin to take care of the needs of more than a few percent of our people.

Almost 98% of the welfare program is in the home.

Principles of Home Storage But they have two things in common. Both brighten the day of

Rotation of Supplies: The Salt Lake Tribune's readers with a daily humorous column.

One of the fundamental tenets of And both are often seen in the downtown area. But for dif-

a successful storage program is the rotation of supplies. It is mandaferent reasons. Dan's a cryptic observer of the human scene.

tory that we rotate our food supplies Ham's a professional friend maker. Read them both in...

fb* alt ak* iibunt SEPTEMBER 1959 703 for the following reasons: (1) to

prevent spoilage and to minimize Goes down loss of food value and flavor; (2) to

keep our taste buds acquainted with the foods we someday may have to depend upon for our earthly subNOW... sistence.: WITH FINGERTIP CONTROL

Store what you eat and eat what

A 30DAY you store. This assumes that you

are eating the proper foods. If this

CHARGE isdeteriorationdone we willwilleliminatebe minimal;spoilage;our

ACCOUNT oneanythingyear'sbutsupplyan originalwill notinvestment;cost us

we will be insured against malnutriAT SEARS tion, and our family is more likely to accept the foods stored when you select the they are really needed.

STODDARD.* Absolutewithout expensiveautomatic openingelectrical—way to pay... Deterioration of Stored Foods:

Revolving Charge Sears equipment. on touch of the A Overhead

All are subject to deteriorafoods handle the and glides door I or as charge a 30day Use

Steel silently full to tion. position. open will Infestation also occur to pay. months take many it Precision lets balance close unless proper precautions taken. are puarage

. with child fmgertjp ease can A rate at a deteriofood which The sa *e 'v operate larger the even Doors attawt?kdSattykejeM rates sizes, particular depends the upon

SEARS food, its purity, the way it is stored, the environand especially SALT upon LAKE CITY see your local is temperature. mental always There OGDEN

some type and degree of deterioraLumber dealer

PROVO tion going on in stored foods. Of Distributed by

and PRICE course, foods must be clean at the MORRISONMERRILL time they are stored and must be stored in clean containers that are free of insects and sealed so insects cannot gain entrance. Chemical Order Today changes go on such as changes in

GRIND YOUR OWN the texture, color, and loss of vitaRenew your mins. FLOUR & CEREAL

with this sturdy There are three temperatures that are critical to the storage of food. subscription now

Some foods will be damaged if they WHEAT MILL are frozen. At 48 F. most insects

Than More active. third critical The Sold become 12,000 Make sure of your copy of

to Date at temperature is the temperature

ONLY which fat melts, at about 95 F. We the

must understand these three critical if to have good we are of storage the $650 temperaturesjudgment in our Great November ERA

POSTPAID foods. In general, we can say that

ANYWHERE IN the lowest temperature short of

AMERICA freezing should be used in storing most foods. Perhaps, 40 to 60 F. featuring the fullcolor

should be our goal, but not higher worldfamous paintings of the all Mil! cracks or grinds corn wheat, and than 70 F.

l'/2 kinds grains. or soft Grinds of hard

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.... It is wise to put wheat and other original Twelve Apostles

Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. articles in containers that can be

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS readily moved in case of emergency conditions. Containers should be of and the commentary by

Please send Mill. Enclosed is one Wheat me will such a size that the contents or order.) (check $6.50 money

Name not spoil before it is consumed. One President David O. McKay

should not try to store more flour

Address than he can rotate over the period

City of a year. Flour should also be $2.50 a year

State stored in metal airtight cans. Rice,

beans, and peas under proper consee your ward ERA director

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY/UTAH

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I'm coming to school at BYU—

ditions can be stored for long periods of time in metal containers. As a further precaution hot parafwhich bank is best

fin wax may be poured over the contact point of friction type lids toinsure protection. In the case of for students?"

other types of lids masking tape may be used to seal the lid. It is important to label all containers as to THAT'S EASY—the "students'bank,"the friendly

content and date. Some food eleFarmers & Merchants Branch of Walker Bank. Guess we

light to deexposedments when ought to call ourselves the "Farmers & Merchants & Students others. rapidly thanteriorate more

Therefore, if foods are stored in Branch,"we've had the pleasure of serving so many BYU glass containers, a curtain should be folks. We enjoy it! And we've learned a lot about your

or a the shelf in front ofdrawn needs and how we can serve you best. So, make the friendly obtained in somedark environment

other way. Farmers & Merchants Branch one of your first stops in

Provo. See why so many students say

Basic Items:

stored to wise have be It would "For my money it's of a nain items case basicsome tional emergency, a local disaster, 99 or a personal misfortune. Six itemsthat can provide adequate calories, Walker Bank!

proteins, vitamins, and minerals Farmers & Merchants Branch, 9 No. 3rd W., Provo

without great expense are wheat, sugar, milk, salt, vitamin tablets, and at attention special Bank Walker that get U. students (U. of to to It addwater. be well would

Salt Lake City) East, 13th University South Branch, the 235 rice peas, beans, and drythis some peanut butter. These would help

the protein content of the diet and give variety.

Quantity and How to Store: <

It is most difficult to estimate the quantity of these foods that one should store. One's eating habits,

age, occupation, nutritional state, health, the climate in which one lives, and other factors may alter the kinds of foods and the amount to be stored. Thus, the General Authorities of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints have in their wisdom left the details of such a storage plan to the family. However, the following general recommendations of the kind of foods and

amounts that we should store in this area (Salt Lake City) are made as a guide which may be varied according to the family's particular tastes, situation, and circumstance.

These are personal suggestions crystallized from the sources available.

1. Wheat As to the storing of wheat the general church welfare committee has recommended that dark hard winter wheat (turkey red) or dark hard spring or Margins wheat be stored. They suggest further that

this should be number two grade or better (that is not less than 58 pounds a bushel ). The protein content should be 11.5 to 12.5 percent

70 North Main Street

Salt City, Utah Lake L.D.S. Business College 3-2765 Empire

SEPTEMBER 1959 705 IfUOlOSoffers you a special to preferably higher. Of course, the

wheat should be clean and free of smut. It is important that the moistreat to acquaint you with ture content should be less than

ten percent. If such conditions are

met and maintained, most insects are

America's No. 1 refrigerated dressings! unableshould beto aeratedreproduce.twiceSucheach wheatyear.

The containers should not conduct moisture. Metal containers are most

satisfactory but should be sealed.

These conditions, in addition to rotating the wheat and using the old first, will help assure us that we have a good supply of wheat. According

to studies backed by the Food and

ROQUEFORT CHEESE Drug Administration vitamins E and

BLEU CHEESE B complex in wheat lose little po- (both carry the imported seal) tency after a year's storage under conditions. Taking all these SOUR CREAM proper

THOUSAND ISLAND precautions,one may be ableand withto keepsomewheatfortune,five

ROD'S, P.O. BOX 15925, LOS ANGELES 15, CALIF..1 to ten years or more. However, a

Enclosed are the following Labels. (Please check labels plan of rotation will be a safer proNOW THAT IT'S SALAD TIME * you enclose and amount of money you are eligible for.) cedure. '

Dollar. Please send BLEU CHEESE 1000 ISLAND me my ROD'S DRESSINGS LOOK FOR store should one amount The labels the I have enclosed ROQUEFORT SOUR CREAM

varieties different 4 IN FOIL from THEIR BRANDNEW will vary according to the the age of Dressing. of Salad ROD'S

IN GROCER'S LABELS YOUR I NAME Please send (Please print) 500. recipient, my me nutritional his occupation,

labels the have enclosed ADDRESS. state, lives, in climate the PRODUCE DEPARTMENT, he which varieties different 3 from

CITY - -ZONE STATE of Dressing. Salad ROD'S is to extent store DAIRY OR DELICATESSEN one and the going refund per family. Please LIMIT: One send 250. I my me

CASES. have enclosed the labels Void in any area where taxed, other foods. However, for the plan

or otherwise restricted varieties prohibited 2 different from by here suggested about 300 pounds of expires 31, January law. Offer Salad Dressing. of ROD'S

1960J wheat would be sufficient for the average adult female. This amount

assumes that the family have the other basic foods here suggested from which to draw. This amount

is needed for bread and cereal and other usual grain requirements. If

this amount is used as basis for each member of the family, one will not be far wrong since the adult men may require more and the children less. By so stating the requirement

we keep our calculations simple. A

gftWlj ]XfCQjjM6VK goodpart ofhandthe storagegrinder program.is a necessary

2. Powdered Milk

It would be wise to have 100 pounds of powdered milk for each person a year. Powdered milk may, KITCHEn CHflRm of course, be stored as whole milk WAXED PAPER or skim (nonfat milk). For our

purposes the latter is to be preferred. The powdered skim milk

Candlelight costs usually a little more than half m as much as whole milk and will store

Quality much longer. Skim milk does riot

have as much fat or as much vitamin A content and is somewhat EMOISEB SOME! STIOIIEI at

lower in caloric content than whole

ITlflRCflL Breakfast milk.skim milkMilk withsolidstheandexceptionvitamins inof

noPKins nook vitamin A are very similar to those of whole milk. Skim milk contains

Prices about half as many calories, about

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pour on the

the same protein and more carbohydrate per volume as compared towhole milk. LUMBERJACK

It is important in storing foodsthat the best quality be chosen as SYRUP!...

these will be more nutritious, and, in the foods under consideration, with IRRESISTIBLE will longer. dry keep skimmed The

in grades, three the MAPLE FLAVOR!milks are graded

best one is termed "extra."Low When you discover the tantacontent ofmoisture dry skimmed... irresistible maple it will lizingmilk is important because

determine to some extent how long flavor of Lumberjack Syrup the milk may be stored. The "extra"you'll want more and more...

grade of dry skim milk should conand more! Lumberjack goes

tain no more than 4% moisture. farther because of its perfect

to procedure improve A simple the consistency. With Lumberjack

flavor to of skim milk is mix it half and half with whole milk which syrup, your favorite pancakes makes it more palatable. This is, will melt in your mouth. Be sure

perhaps, the best way to keep stored to buy Nalley's Lumberjack powdered milk on a rotation basis Syrup!

without waste. Milk meeting these

requirements can be purchased in a double sealed five lb. can. If it's NALLEY'S... it's Good I

One can expect that nonfat dry milk will store for about 36 to 60 months if kept dry at 40 F. If the

temperature gets up to 70 F., it will LOOK FOR THIS SYMBOL OF

keep only for approximately 12 to alleys FINE FOODS WHEN YOU BUY months.24

3. Granulated Sugar

One should have about 100 pounds of granulated sugar for each person for one year. Refined sugar

if stored in a cool, dry place in a sealed container will usually maintain its food value indefinitely. This

is one of the most stable foods. A

small amount of honey may be substituted for sugar for variation.

When storing honey one takes the chance after long storage of fermentation taking place due to the presence of microorganisms. However,

pure crystalline honey, that is, honey that has no water added, properly ripened and stored in a cool place, will usually store for a long time.

It is much more expensive than refined beet or cane sugar. Honey

contains about 400 calories a pound less than refined sugar. Honey is

about twice as sweet to the taste as refined sugar.

4. Salt Approximately five pounds a person will fill the requirements for one year. In hot climates the amount

needed may be as much as ten pounds. This should be iodized for

this region. Salt stored in a dry,

cool place in a sealed container will keep for many years.

5. Vitamins and Minerals

The B complex is found in suffiSOUP-SAMPLER'S FAVORITE! How do we know our Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup

is extra special? You guessed it... the young fry dote on it. Mothers have told us

why. "More chicken flavor",.. "tastes better"... "more tender noodles"Try

Rancho Chicken Noodle Soup on your clan tonight. Simple way to please 'em.

SEPTEMBER 1959 707

Get worlds cient quantities in wheat and milk. a person.) Dry yeast (% pounds a

of hot water However, long storage may dissiperson) would be very helpful, pate some of the vitamins of this detergents (20 pounds a person), 3 times as fast complex. Vitamins A and C must soap (15 cakes a person,) and

be supplemented at all ages on this baking powder (1 pound a perwith a diet. Vitamin D should be added son) would be welcomed items in

to this diet at least for the fast case they could not be obtained.

'QUICK RECOVERY"growing younger age groups. The Dehydrated food will give variety

essential minerals such as calcium, and food value to the diet. Some

iron, and phosphorus are found in of these are the dried split peas, sufficient quantities in the basic dehydrated stew mix, dehydrated ELECTRIC foods here listed in the amounts potatoes, prunes, raisins, and macathat will have to be consumed daily roni. Tuna fish and canned meats

if no other foods are available. The are additional foods that mav be

higher the temperature and the stored in vacuum packed containWATER longer items are stored the less of ers. These items are not so essensome vitamins they contain. There tial, but should be considered after

is some indication that dehydrated the basic survival foods have been HEATER foods maintain considerable amounts obtained. If such additional foods

of vitamins and minerals with the are stored then the amount of the exception of vitamin C and B x. basic foods may be proportionately

A multiple vitamin preparation smaller.

which contains vitamin A 5000 I.U.,

vitamin C, 50 to 100 mg, vitamin D, Nonessential Items:

400 I.U., thiamin 1.9 mg, riboflavin If one can and desires to go fur-

2.5 mg, niacin 19 mg, pyridoxin 2 ther, of course, it would be desirable

mg, will supply ample of these vitato have a year's supply or more of mins if one tablet is swallowed daily. everything that one uses. Certainly

Vitamins sealed in a gelatin capsule a few months'supply of the stable

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. will store longer than ordinary items is a convenience, offers an

tablets. advantage economically and will

6. Water serve as part of our food insurance

Twenty gallons for each person program. To finance such a supply

may be a practical amount. It would may present problems. Also, the

be difficult to store enough water problem of storage space may have

EASY ORGAN COLLECTIONS for more than a temporary emerto be solved. But, as to some basic

gency. items such as those listed above

for the The hot water heaters and soft there is little doubt in my mind that

CHURCH ORGANIST water tanks would be sources of we should store a rotated one year's

AMATEUR ORGANIST, NO. 28, & safe water. supply. The items suggested may

taste. state, nutritional and complete the basic pation, This would 1.50 EASY CHURCH VOLUNTARIES

EASY POSTLUDES 1.50 emergency rations from which one Most of us can accomplish this aim

EASY WEDDING MUSIC 1.00 could sustain life even if he had if we put our efforts toward it. The

FAVORITE VOLUNTARIES, ORGAN 1, 2, 3 VOLS. ea. 1.50 little food. The additional items money and storage space involved

objects insurmountable hot be FORTYTHREE OFFERORGAN sewill offer listed greater below would 1.50 TORIES us, of our for most if we truly accept curity as to give as to health well as GOSPEL VOLUNTARIES,

i advice. prophet's ea. 1.50 VOLS. 1 HYMN& 2 diet.; betterbalanced variety a and

VOLUNTARIES, ONE PAGE ORGAN 1, 2, ea. 1.50 Soy beans, soy bean flour, peaVOLS. 3, 4

PORTFOLIO OF CHRISTMAS nuts, peanut butter and peanut flour What this plan will provide us:

VOLUNTARIES 1.00 are our best plant sources of highIn summary the following are PRELUDES FOR SERVICE 1.50

PRELUDES FOR WORSHIP 1.50 quality proteins suitable for storing what seem adequate for the average

SIMPLE ORGAN VOLUNTARIES 1.50 for moderate periods of time. Dried adult woman for a one year's emerMUSIC SENT ON APPROVAL beans are also high in proteins and gency storage:

Use this advertisement as your order blank store well. Most polished "con15 CO., DAYNES MUSIC E. 1st South verted"rice prepared under modern 300 pounds Wheat

Salt City 11, Lake Utah is conditions milk nutriPowdered Please fhe music send indicated above. manufacturing

On Approval Charge tious and will store well. (Nonfat) 100 pounds

Money Enclosed could items which Other Sugar be 100 pounds added

Name it is things possible Salt as are such 5 pounds when

Address for shortening multiple each perpounds Adequate (10 is City & State son). vitamin butter nu- a highly Peanut tablets 365 in number

tritious food substance that can be Water stored 48 to 60 months at 40 F. or

| Daunes Music up to 48 months at 70 F. ( 10 pounds This would provide a diet that

15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V0 Salt Lake City 11, Utah 708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnicswould supply approximately 2300

calories a day which is the recomaver- a 25year-old needs ofmended...twice the fun withage American use woman. If we

these amounts then we will have more than a child will eat and less TABLE QUEEN BUNS than an adolescent or adult male 8 to a package! Sliced, for your convenience

will eat. This will balance out Fresh... delicious! Enriched with vitamins and iron

roughly since a small child will eat about 1000 calories less and an adult male about 1000 calories more a day than the adult woman about whom we are making our calculations.

Such a procedure makes our calculations much simpler and yet they are practical.

This would supply approximately 94 grams of protein a day which is well above the recommended miniHeavenly mum of 55 to 65 grams a day for For HAMBURGERS *p women or men respectively. It is

even sufficient for a man in the 16 For Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS to 20 years age range who has the Salt lake city ROYAL BAKING COMPANY greatest requirement of all. It

approximately supplywould 7.6 Here's how... fats agrams of day, and it would

supply approximately 444 grams of carbohydrates a day. You Can Save

Thus for approximately $50.00 a

to the items necessaryperson susIroning Time:tain life for purone year may be

chased. This is a worthwhile inPrices & r Just switch to hot FaultDirectvestment. to Discounts

less Starch! You will save 20 Schools, Churches,

Head of family responsible: minutes to an hour on ironClubs, Lodges,

My intent is to encourage—not to ing day! Why? Because hot and all Institutions

disturb. My advice to you is to Faultless penetrates into the

this project. a family Themake

... lets cloth iron your

unity, feeling familyenthusiasm, and TRUCKS glide saves smoothly and you this offersof project security which Forthe storingMONROEeasy, Chair*truck Each wayTables chairs modernFoldingtables handles it the time wherewill rewarding. prove tion how, Construcstorage permits What, of eitherTruck No TSCor counts—on... Transport Storage

in limited space Truck No. T$ is store to deitand where some we ironing board! Try sizes 54 for Discounts Catalog showing and Write

gree an individual problem. The you'll see! types of MONROE Folding Tables, and Trucks. Alsoand

above suggestions are to be used as popular line of Folding Chairs.

a guide and an example of what THE W0H*O. COMPANY

one man believes wise for his fam249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA

ily in this area. Each family must

decide how it will meet this probresponsibility for actionlem. The ABOUT HAWAII family the head of eachis upon

unit. Each family should give seriCopies of the 300 page "STATEous thought and action to the goal HOOD EDITION"of the HONO-

(Honolulu's ADVERTISER LULU leastof at a one year's advance Warehouse supDist. by CORNWALL been have old newspaper) 100 year

life. of that will sustainply items Salt Lake City, Utah are available reserved by writand

ing to Crafts of Hawaii, Inc., 1145

Bishop St., Dept. 2, Honolulu,

is to plan the time NOW colored beautifully This Hawaii. like reputation, his coat, mans A to: that Trip European for kept edition be bound and may the soiled touching without bemay Olympic Rome, 1960 reference on work Games—a permanent since the reputation himself,man of Passion be Hawaii. must $5 Payment Play—Oberamergau

is character, than the not any more order. received with

the sleeve is the arm it envelops.

The character can be soiled only by We can help you!

what the man himself does, while the reputation may have mud thrown 15 Inch Typewriters suitableupon it by anyone unmanly enough MURD0CK for Genealogy work

Factory rebuilds. on to 60%to injure the standing of another.

literature. free TRA VEL Save from Write25% for

51 North State Street Salt Lake City, Utah Dial DAvis 2-1129 SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS (A word to the wise is sufficient) 757 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1959 709.

(y6we Nevjj MAIN STREET AT 5TH SOUTH

320 Rooms The Motel Air Conditioned with the COFFEE SHOP Barber Shop Hotel Beauty Salon Location

ON BEING A LADY

Sit Tall, Stand Tall, Think Tall

Go in for first impressions. Make

lorstfjtp in comfort the outside of you say, "I'm the kind of person you want for a friend."

with individual seating The way you look is so important.

You can't help it if you don't have by classic features. You don't have to

More and more HEYWOOD- 1 be pretty or handsome to be popular places of worship 'WAKEFIELD and successful, but you must learn are featuring indito make the most of what vou have.

vidual comfort and Are you the size you would like privacy with HeywoodWakefield to be? I don't mean up and down,

seating. Tastefully designed and I mean around. Shapes are inhermanufactured to highest quality ited; figures are built. You may

standards, chairs are available with come from a short, stocky line, but a variety of hymnal racks and aisle you need not be Miss Fiveby-five.

ends adapted to your specific reGood figures depend on intelligent quirements. Write for folder illuseating, exercise, good posture, rest,

trating many models. and sleep.

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY Now to get back to your wish to

Church Seating Division be popular. Who would think that

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN what you ate would make any difference? Use good judgment in

your choice of food. We are what

we eat. Our appearance and also

our disposition are affected by what goes in our mouth. Make tempereating. of ance your rule and variety WEDDING fat too food equals Too much Holds 72 coats PHOTOGRAPHY and hats and too few dates. No onea cangirl

service a as readily small as this correct you. but into unfolds a rack The COMPLETE INCLUDING 6'6"coats unit holding cart.Wheelsrigid Veeplong at slowly don't meals Eat Scientifically counter72 and hats. with a up

it TEMPLE set that COVERAGE can be so up of the Setssweep fold in andbalancedliterally down If seconds piece time. dein are 2 between you... arms WEDDING ALBUM umbrella. easily andas as an seconds. 3 or

steel with tubular TorBuiltstorage square of to ciding cut and do NEWSPAPER PHOTO away down shelves closedend of hat cast supported by tubes RECEPTION COVERAGE it all fat, that rule with to a make to asPlated brackets. Wheels in beauty. permanent ordinthrough smaller of portions take finish. food on construction Qualityand doublealuminumaluminumsureengineering, Prices to from $25.00 $50.00 ary doorways. yet efficient equipment most 8'4'x area meeting plate, for and dining helpThedeveloped forget then your second

stores racks etc. equipment,, standby

varies. for 720 people. the "load"for wherever rooms,... ings. is Eating meals taboo between CENTER CAMERA

1053 East 21st South Salt Lake City, Utah Wrife for Bulletin VP690

Phone HU 5-5671 for details Made VOGELPETERSON CO.

Only By 1127 W. 37th St. Chicago 9, III.

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE endorsed

this author with this statement:

unless it is just some celery or carMelchizedek Priesthood rot sticks. It's worth the sacrifice "We do not have writers enough

when you see the real, attractive, (Continued from page 669) with a talent like this."

graceful, beautiful you, come to to that it has strengthened believelight. sincere a compliHearing could supplement, Seminary For your what individually. many helpful testimony look is be than these more youment about much how

more thrilling and satisfying than "We would prefer not to have to builders?

a big gooey sundae. The wrong come to your home for the visit by

of sickness). cases (except in equalskind of food a bad complexThis ORA PATE STEWART include other not does of energy. a lackion and Get acinterview

quainted with your own needs. members of your family. This is a "God Planted a Tree"(Bible)

Know yourself and what you want matter between you and a member "Branches Over the Wall"(Book to become then eat accordingly. of the quorum presidency only. of Mormon)

Exercise is almost a lost art and "If this arrangement is not satis- "Treasures Unearthed"(Book of flabby muscles are starting mighty factory with you, would you kindly Mormon) days. theseyoung call presidency. whenever of the Walk a member Believe"(Articles of Faith) "Wepossible, active play games, and is invitation with extended "This

"This Word of Wisdom"in of front endlesslydon't huddle kindest best wishes regards our and the television set. Daily doing is the in the gospel. "A Letter To My Son"

answer. "Respectfully yours, "A Letter To My Daughter"

beautiful a you know Do woman Stake Davis South for youth, steadying, satisfying, Guidance girlor a pretty not does who Priest have High Quorum"rewarding. and It just didn't posture?good happen.

Clothes don't make the girl, but Each $1.00

good posture surely makes the dress.

A wonderful lesson came home to WhereverAROUND THEL.D.S.WORLD.books are sold, ALLus the other day. We had borrowed

a manikin from a department store to use in a skit. She was supposed ORA PATE STEWART

to look dumb and not attractive at 11282 Anabel Avenue all. In fact we wanted her to apGardenPhone: JEffersonGrove, California72186

pear to be a real "dumb Dora."No BARRELS AND BARRELS

matter what we put on her in the way of dowdy clothes she still looked by Mabel Jones Gabbott smart. We were amazed and also SEE ALL OF MEXICO

baffled. We tried to analyze it and FUN, LUXURY

found that it was her beautiful posThe earth basks in the autumn sun; UNIVERSITY CREDIT

is done. harvesttime Anotherture carried proud and the way she

on row row NOV. 14 TO DEC. 13, 1959 have captured illu- I this high that causedher head

sion. Nothing we could do to her The golden peach's amber glow; All inclusive cost $448.00

took this queenly and very attracAnd apricot nectar, bottled tight, Make application early tive look away from her. She stood A tangy drink for a stormfilled night. Tour arranged by

tall, that was the secret. Stooping Potatoes and carrots are pressed in UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

sand; tall girl anever appear makes

await a schoolboy's hand; ROBBINS TRAVEL INT'L. atApples it justshorter, her less makes

14 South Main cherries to sing, pitted seem Thetractive. held girl with her head A City, Lake Utah..."Salt a pie next spring. shall make selfof also gives a feelinghigh "We

confidence. A good motto is stand

tall, tall. sittall, I, think ate fresh cherries, and my sons We

last tree's also affect appearsleep cool shadow In the July; and Rest T HOMEIMPORT

ance and personality. When Mother And I can still see the joy in each BUSINESS!

or Dad insist on early hours for you, face Men—Women. We show you

it is because they love you and As they pressed small carrot seeds in athowamazingto importlow bigprofitforeign pricesitems left). at (examples Your home place; best, wideat your always youwant

list office. Imis of 'W your 157 Get glowing. Enough and rest Theawake, day was new when we picked Full or spare time ports FREE.'

and sleep equal pep and add to your the 'cots; volumebusiness ordersby MailfromOrder.stores.Or takeImpersonality. And the dew was deep in the orchard port jewelry, clothing, sporting

The quest for good looks is as lot; goods,RIENCE hardware,OR INVESTMENTetc. NOIN PRODEXPE-

obligation Without NEEDED. in strong and a storm wind came A life this earth. can asold on We details for complete today Clocks

list imports FREE! September; 157 of Air 65 sendandUCTS it. is all It not about something indo Germany night. over us mail reaches The fallen peaches, picked we And value $5 first in fate. forin lap of Co., the 1717 Westwood, Mellinger Go

impressions and work hard at it but bruised—remember? in U.S.A. Dept.X1659,Los Angeles 24, Calif

don't expect them to last. These

first impressions must be backed up Oh, I have a binful of love this year DRINK by a wonderful, wonderful you. Stored against dark days of doubt

More about this next month. and fear. ficq A delightful

hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS SEPTEMBER 1959 711 The Last Word

We who know the truth of life must first change the world in ourselves internally before the world can be changed in others externally. If we know the

truth of life and do not live it, we are as a lighthouse set upon a hill in which the light has gone out.

—L. A. Mallory

Johnny was taking part in a local concert. He was

Little nameless acts of kindness, little silent viconly seven, but performed so well that he was entories over favorite temptations—these are the silent cored.

threads of gold which, when woven together, gleam "Well, Johnny, and how did you get on with your out most brightly in the pattern of life. part?"asked the proud father when he returned

—Smiles home.

"Why, I thought I had done it all right,"replied

Johnny, "but they made me go and do it again."

Learn this and you'll get along, no matter what When a man boasts of what he has done in the your station: An ounce of keepyour-mouthshut beats past and what he will do in the future, you may con-

a ton of explanation. clude that as a rule his present deeds are by no

# * * # means important.

About the time you are important enough to take * * * * # two hours for lunch, the doctor limits you to a glass Happiness only comes to those who try to make of milk. others happy.

The discovery of what is true and the practice of what is good are the two most important objects of all philosophy.

—Socrates

of habit doing well in you, such a that you Make lie for selfprotection sticks to a is as if he He who evil. shall to do not know how

in a to a lightning clung thunderstorm. rod "Philip—Sir Sidney

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fiji Manila Hawaii Around the WorldJapan Australia Hong Kong New Zealand

Run away to sea—on Orient & Pacific!

SjSPPBSJSi Our photograph shows one passenger liner in the Pacific. Yet she Japan start at $638, to Australia at

5! of the long, long dreams of has the feel of a yacht. Her decks are $604. See your travel agent now. Or

childhood come true. A voyscrubbed bone white. There are whitewrite: Orient & Pacific Lines, Dept. D,

age across the sundrenched blue Pacific jacketed stewards to serve you breakfast 210 Post Street, San Francisco.

to the Indies and the Orient. in bed. And your chef learned his art on

NEXT SAILINGS the Continent. Picture yourself aboard matter! In a

JAPAN HONG KONG MANILAof If laccan be exploring days you the you have children, so much the TOLeave*HAWAIIFeb. 26, April 17, June 4, May

quered temples of Japan and the treasbetter. They love the life on Orient & TO HAWAII FIJI NEWZEALAND* AUSTRALIA16

ure houses of Hong Kong. Or roaming Pacific. And there are English nannies Leave* Nov. 28, Dec. 31, Feb. 10, May 13

the palmfringed lagoons of Australia's to mind them for you during the day. From San Francisco. Also sails Vancouver. Los Angeles

Great Barrier Reef in a pearling lugger. This is travel in the grand manner. Jan.172418,DayLosPacificAngelesCruiseJan. leaves21 for VancouverAcapulco,

The Orient & Pacific ship that you're Yet it can cost you less by the day than Hilo and Honolulu. Fares from $330.

sailing on now is the largest and fastest a resort hotel at home. Round trips to Cunard Line General Passenger Agents in U. S. & Canada

WORLDS TO CONQUER

The world of tomorrow will be made up in part meet the competition and challenges of the complex of the dreams of our youth today. How well these world of tomorrow.

dreams are fulfilled is largely up to us. But don't put it off. The days and months pass

swiftly... and there are just a few "golden years"

How Beneficial 's rrPlanned Futures'"can help during which we can best provide for our family's

A few dollars invested today in a Beneficial future. Let your Beneficial agent advise you about

"Planned Futures"program can assure the advanced just the right plan for your age, your family, your training for your children that they will need to income.

Dept. E959 Beneficial Life Insurance Co. i

Beneficial Building I Salt Lake City, UtahPlease send more information about Beneficial's "Planned, BENEFICIAL LIFE

Futures."No obligation, of course. t fmutance (frjompariu

Na 1 Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or R. F. D. I

City-.Zone..State. I

I