m. -'manE *T89Mf A***

JULY 1957

'4j':--:: -vSaNt-i&

K 1 iit

n **''US iP IP

teww ft'*'3 > m,:M -m--i''*:

*. r*4F*"PWP 3%**<*

liftiiHiiiilf'* a"**m* * *..:.-:jfr*?i.*:*:",-.#. <*

'jj*3*"!ift -HEM

w -*m> i\. HP

""IwW -

|]L.,.

White Star Tuna—the one with the delicate flavor!

Salads, sandwiches, casserolesall your tuna TO BE SURE, LOOK FOR

THE MERMAID ON THE LABEL recipes will be deliciously better with White Star

Tuna...the one with a delicate flavor all its own.

Deliciously better because White Star is prime fillet of tuna...carefully pressure - baked our own special

way. Every morsel moist, firm, so very tender...with

a light, delicate texture that has no equal. May

we suggest you try America's finest tuna soon.

White Star Tuna, a product of Chicken of the Sea, Inc.

*& It's New. Exploring

the Universe tf* lVs Heavenly Gq c?/

Nearly onehalf of the entire sandwich is creme. Two golden vanilla wafers

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. and one great big thick layer of

real coconut creme!

Serve these new CocoCreme n 1958 the revolutionary monogerm hybrid sugar beet seed will be put Sandwiches by Purity at into wide use by the UtahIdaho Sugar

Company in Utah, Idaho, Washington, your next party. There

South Dakota, and Nebraska. The new

seed produces sugar beets which are won't be any leftovers.

mostly of single beets with great uniformity and spacing. This tends to Better get an extra bag

minimize the need of hand thinning of for your family.

sugar beets in the traditional "back breaking"way. From millions of beet

varieties examined by a group led by

Dr. V. F. Savitsky, one was found with

a monogerm seed. From this seed other

plants were developed and multiplied.

There were crossings and recrossings and many selections were made until a variety of seed began to breed true. The

seed from this variety was released for further work to various sugar companies.

The UtahIdaho Sugar Company increased its supply of monogerm hybrid seed in Utah's Virgin River Valley and other areas and has some of the plants in various districts on trial this year and previous years. For the 1958 planting,

the seed will be used in all the UtahIdaho Sugar Company districts on a typoCreme commercial scale. p\ SANDWICH

PURITY

At your favorite grocer's one full pound only 49C

f\si the Netherlands island of Aruba - in the Caribbean, a Glasgow, ScotCoco Creme land, firm is building a large seawaterevaporating plant. Since there is practiSANDWICH

rainfallcally no the Aruba, on new by plant's of fresh daily tons 8,000 water PURITY will help to meet the increasing need PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY -Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello fresh water.for more

JULY 1957 481 THESE TIMES

Men and Books by Dr. G. Homer Durham

UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT, OF UTAH VICE

SAFEWAY duties levy import currently on books. people To comwho 2y2 billion The

statistics book pare and on publication speak the earth 3,000 inhabit some IS A FRIEND languages. About fifty of the languages availability by the nations is therefore

OF THE FAMILY... AND do the major literary work of mankind. most difficult. Nevertheless, the followThought expressed in speech and writing ing table has some interest. One must

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER distinguishes man from the rest of crearemember, however, the distinction beStates'the United and tween the USSR it this Aristotle put way: Turkey raising has become an tion. table is therefore definitions. The often say, "Nature, makes nothas we

extremely important segment of ing in vain, and man is the only animal limited in showing the work of cultural the agricultural activities in Utah. whom she has endowed with the gift exchange as expressed in the number of

With today's huge production of speech. And whereas mere sound is titles translated in each country in 1955.

only 10% is consumed in the but an indication of pleasure or pain, state. Some 90% must be and is therefore found in other animals Titles

1955 Translated attains to the (for their percepnature marketed out of Utah. 4,282 inti- 1. USSR the of pleasure tion and pain and

Safeway plays an important mation of them to one another, and no 2. Germany 2,056

part in finding that essential further), the power of speech is intended 3. Czechoslovakia 1,478

4. France 1,424 inexto the expedient and set forth of flock great for this market

5. 1,203 Japan the the just pedient, and and likewise

All sold turkeys turkeys. surplus 6. Italy 1,118 unjust."

in Utah Safeway Stores and At the present time, the intelligence 7. Netherlands 1,104

thousands more that are marketquotient (IQ) of a person as measured 8. Poland 1,071

ed in Safeway Stores in Idaho, in the schools, corresponds with the 9. Sweden 949

Wyoming, Nevada, Oregon, ability of an individual to manipulate 10. Spain 894

11. 818 USA language. are his California, and Washington

12. 738 Yugoslavia to use books, to read them, own To farms. Utah produced on 13. 659 United Kingdom of life in daily tasks has always the them

Last year some 582,000 been the mark of an educated person. 14. Rumania 658

pounds of Utah turkey costing The library is the most important build15. Norway 644

$246,105 was purchased by ingIt mayon bea universitythe most importantor college buildingcampus. For many years the Bible has occuSafeway. in any city, anywhere in the world. pied top listing of the books most freSafeway also has taken a The United Nations Educational quently translated. In 1955 there were

Bible published. translations of the 99 Organization Cultural and leading role in promoting turkey Scientific the outnumbered works of Lenin The data recently released has (UNESCO)

consumption the year around. on the publishing of books throughout Bible with 371 separate translations

the world. Over sixty countries publish published. Only 43 of these, however,

SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND books. Some five billion come from the were made outside the Soviet Union.

world's presses each year. The word The remaining 328 were translations

OF THE FAMILY... AND book as here used is construed liberally. published within the Soviet Union in

A FRIEND OF UTAH'S Inpublicationthe UnitedpricedKingdomat sixpencea bookor isabove.any otherUNESCOlanguageshasof constructedthat domain.informaTURKEY FARMERS Inat Italyleast to100qualifypages;as ainbookIceland,it must17;havein tionthe showingBible) thatauthorshaveor beenworks published(such as

Hungary, 64. India, Indonesia, and at least 100 times in the past eight

USSR classify all pamphlets as books. years. There are 101 authors and works

In the United States our statistics exin the list. Because of Soviet statistics

clude all pamphlets. Furthermore, we and internal translation activity the SAFEWAY exclude all government publications not works of Lenin lead with 968 translasold commercially. tions published in the period 19481955.

Despite the ideal of the free flow of However, in the 15 leading "translation"information, national censorship as well countries the works of Lenin rate only as other translation barriers stand in in the USSR and Poland. The Bible

the way of world book circulation. leads in the Netherlands, the United

Moreover 12 percent of all countries (Concluded on page 543) 482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA X

Here is a beautiful book in which to record all of the sacred memories of your temple marriage. The rich, padded

cover is white leatherette embossed with Salt Lake, Idaho

Falls, Logan, Mesa, or Los Angeles Temple in gold. The

'til if ur special expandable binder makes it possible to add extra atnage pages for guest and gift lists and acetate pages of photos. M The distinctively decorated and illustrated title pages index

sections for engagement announcement, bride and groom's family tree, parties and showers, wedding invitations, bridal party, the ceremony, guest and gift register, honeymoon, and photo album. A wonderiul way to keep wedding

memories. $6.00

)\x% grading

Here is an elegant book for storing up precious memories for those not married in the temple. The padded cover on

this beautiful book is white leatherette embossed with gold.

The expandable binder contains the same distinctively illustrated title pages as book described above. An appreciated gift. $6.00

'Birth md 'Bkmim S i toB. iptism

jit.... a record of the LDS child up to the age of eight.

as The precious little things that happen in the life of your child are soon lost forever unless you have a lovely souvenir book in which to enter them. Just off the press is this richly

designed book for memories. Clever illustrations grace

every title page... all in beautiful color. It will become

a priceless treasure over the years. $4.50

Golden Nuggets of Thought, Vol I & II

By Ezra L. Marler

These packed volumes contain choice bits of beauty, truth and wisdom spoken by poets, prophets and sages. $1.00 each

A Letter to My Daughter f**i\ Stewart Pate By Ora girl should read. She will 'i?;:y.vi.'that every book is a Here

gain much help in finding a wonderful, happy life.

cStory.,Lore $1.00 each pijJWy

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

"Story Lore"contains hundreds of short, short stories you'll enjoy reading and telling over and overagain - $1.00 each

BOOKCRAFT July '57 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following books for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ):

BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

NAME ADDRESS 1186 SOUTH AAAIN IN 7-7911

CITY STATE.

These three motor hotels LDS owned and operated. Make them your headquarters

when in Phoenix, Arizona.

JULY 1957 483 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60 NUMBER 7

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints JULY 1957

THE COVER

Beautiful Moosehorn Lake, high in Utah's

Uintah Mountains, as seen by the fullcolor camera of Bill Ratcliffe, is our cover subject this month.

The Voice of the Ch

DAVID 0. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

W'Editors Doyle L. Green

The Editor's Page Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson

The Pioneers President David O. McKay 493 Associate Managing Editor

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Church Features Production Editor

Dedicatory Prayer Offered at the Laying of the Cornerstone Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

of the London Temple Richard L. Evans 492 Research Editor

Your Question: Hallowed Language Joseph Fielding Smith 495 Eileen Gibbons

Red Letter Days on Time's Calendar—The Opening of the Manuscript Editor

British Mission....Hugh B. Brown 496

Address Presented at Cornerstone Laying Archibald F. Bennett

of...Richard the London Temple L. Evans 500 G. Homer Durham Teaching: Fielding Ward The Smith Standards of the Church...Joseph 506

Jesus Teaches by Parables, MIA Reading Course: Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Jesus the Christ—XIII Doyle L. Green 504 Milton R. Hunter

Be Honest with Yourself 486 Melchizedek Priesthood 528 Hugh Nibley

YMMIA General Board Members 489 Presiding Bishopric's Page 530 Claude B. Petersen

The Church Moves On 488 Sidney B. Sperry

Contributing Editors Special Features ELBERT R. CURTIS

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talks: Obedience 499 General Manager

Seven Success Ideas Sterling W. Sill 508 BERTHA S. REEDER

America's Witness for Christ Robert M. Burland 510 Associate Manager

Gene T. Alfred 512 Gordon a Champ Fullmer—Always

Record Campaign Reflects Snarr 514 Verl F. Scott Credit upon every Church Unit A. Glen A

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 536, 542 Business Manager

A. Glen Snarr Exploring the Universe, Franklin F. HarThese Times, Men and Books, G. Homer

Subscription Director 481 i ris, Jr 482 Durham

The Last Word...544 Thayer Evans

Regional Advertising Today's Family Representative Learn to Play.532 Handy Hints 537

editorial and business offices 50 North Main Street ies, Poetry YMMIA Offices, 50 North Main St.

YWMIA Offices, 40 North Main St.

Decision..Leah C. Smith 503 Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Poetry Page 490 Old Man in Summer, Pansye H. Powell 518 National Advertising Representatives

& CO. MILLSAP Frontispiece, Sunset, Hamilton Remember the Valley, Berta Edna 520 TOWNSEND, St. 110 Sutter

Gift, 491 Huish Christensen Betty Jeanne Gunn...537 A Lovely California San Francisco,

MILLSAP & CO.

Inc.,Copyright Funds, published 1957 Mutual by Associations Mutual of and Improvement by the the TOWNSEND, 672 Lafayette Place Park

Christ All Jesus of Saints. of price, reserved. LatterdayChurch rights Subscription year, $2.50 a "57, California Angeles Los

;in subscriptions, advance foreign $3.00 single a year,; 25c copy. in advance

ASSOCIATES SANGSTON Office, at the City, Post Salt secondclassEntered matter. for as Lake Utah mailing Acceptance at SADLER AND Ave. Madisonspecial for rate 1103. provided of postage in section 2, of 1918. authorized October 1917, July Act 17, N. Y. York New342

for unsolicited responsible is notThe Improvement manuscripts, but Era contributions. welcomes

paid at & SONSManuscripts are acceptance the for on rate of must be word and accompanied by l%c a

St. suffi30DAVIS N. JLaSalle delivery return. forcient postage and

Illinois Chicago, days'requiredThirty for notice of address. change ordering please include a change, address When

slip issue a recent from of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations is included.well as the one new

How Standard put $4,282,372 to work every day last year... and what this meant to people in the Western Hemisphere

Port of Spain, Trinidad Gulf Of Mexico We comVancouver, B. C. On an El PaSO, Texas Purchases

Exploration for possible new pleted better than two new average day Standard spent of crude oil took $949,853 a sources of oil covered milwells a day... 101 off the $517,446 to keep equipment day in areas such as El Paso,

lions of acres in the U.S., Gulf Coast where drilling in repair and up to date... Texas and Bakersfield, CaliCentral and S. America, Cancosts up to six times as much extending a wharf at Vanfornia. Although our own

ada, Alaska and Bahama Is. as on land. An average day's couver or a pipe line to Boise, Western Hemisphere producSeeking oil for your future drilling bill came to $431,516. Idaho. This work provided tion was at a new high, we

use is one of our biggest exThis huge sum was necessary employment for thousands of bought oil from many small penditures... $324,789 on an because a well may cost from construction and mainteand medium sized producers.

average day. In 1956 we found $125,000 to over $1,000,000 nance workers as well as for To these people Standard was

more new oil than our wells and one out of every six the employees of the firms a good customer and an impumped from the ground. drilled was a dry hole. supplying equipment. portant source of income.

Salt Lake City, Utah Bajo Grande, Venezuela U. S. A. Our Federal, State Berkeley, Calif. Although

Our 738 employees in Utah Increasing refinery output and other taxes amounted to 43.5% of Standard's owners

were among the total 38,854 and improving products are $325,424 a day... enough to live in the West, Alaska, and

who participated in benefit neverending jobs. Last year buy a helicopter for rescue Hawaii, you'll find them alplans at the rate of $119,082 one of our operating compawork, or pay for complete most everywhere. Stockhold-

a day. Under our Stock Purnies completed a new asphalt training of three jet pilots ers include colleges, churches

chase Plan, Standard added refinery in Venezuela and every day. In 1956 Standard and banks, but most are indinearly twice the amount an plans were announced for a also collected for and passed viduals. Of every dollar we

employee deposited. Other future refinery in Washingon to Municipal, Provincial, took in last year, 6-6/10

plans included sickness beneton. New equipment for our State and Federal agencies or $285,028 a day went to

fits, retirement pay and Commanufacturing plants cost $193,460,383 as sales and our 137,381 stockholders who panypaid life insurance. $107,741 a day. gasoline taxes. own the Company.

WHAT HAPPENED TO THE $1,567,348,030 STANDARD

TOOK IN LAST YEAR can best be told in terms of people..

many people in many lands. For example, Standard was a customer of more than 10,000 Western firms last year. One major ThroughEastern Hemisphere,affiliated companiesStandard operatinghelped carryin theon

item such as a refinery unit required the services of people in expansion and development programs that scores of other industries. providedAfrica, thebetterMiddlelivingEast forandpeoplethe Farin East.Europe,For

Moreover, many of the 1250 products we made from petroleum complete, interesting details write for a copy were raw materials for other manufacturers... from paints to of our Annual Report:

cosmetics, from detergents to synthetic fabrics. Thus you'd never StandardCalifornia,OilRoomCompany2153,of

be able to count the people who benefited directly or indirectly 225 Bush Street, San Franfrom the $4,282,372 Standard put to work every day last year. cisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JULY 1957 485 the L ] and short of Marriage

This is a picture of an idea—and an ideal.

It is a picture of two fine young newlyweds—a tall, handsome,

wholesome young bridegroom and a sweet but notso-tall young bride. They have stars in their eyes—stars of eternal hope and

Books for the happiness.

But the artist intended to suggest to us far more than this.

CHURCH ORGANIST He has here painted the dream of every normal, healthy young

AT THE CONSOLEFelton 2.50 man and young woman—a dream filled with a honeymoon, a

CHANCEL ECHOES—Felton 2.50 happy home, laughing, loving children, faith, trust, honor, achieveCHAPEL ORGANISTPresser.... 1.50 ment—all these and a neverending love and life together. DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALBUM—

Asper 2.50 Ask any starryeyed, newly wedded couple how long they

FIRST LESSONS ON THE want their marriage to last, and the answer will come easily:

ORGANNevin 1.75 "Forever!"

INSTRUMENTAL CHURCH Forever? Do they really mean forever? Not to end in the SERVICE SELECTIONS 1 & 2—

Kohlmann ea. 1.25 divorce court as thousands of American marriages now do? MarLIGHTER MOODSPresser 1.50 riage till death? Yes, that long and longer—for even then separa93 SHORT SOLOS—Schirmer 2.50 tion forever would be tragedy.

ORGAN IN THE CHURCHAsper 2.75 Theirs is the hope of eternal living and learning and loving

2.50 METHODStainer ORGAN eternal "togetherness"of parents and chiltogether—an ideal—an 1 & 2- ORGAN VOLUNTARIES in the old dren and hallowed patriarchal pattern, consecrated and Schreiner ea. 3.50

33 FAVORITE ORGAN SOLOSenriched by the blessings of a Loving and Eternal Father in heaven

Schirmer 1.50 so long as love and faith and fidelity shall endure.

Music Sent on Approval There you have it: the long and short of marriage. Which

Use this advertisement as your order blank will you choose?

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY

15 E. 1st South

Salt Lake City 11, Utah Please send the music indicated o bove. |

a On Approval Charge Money Enc losed Name....

Address

City & State

Daunes Music

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY PR0VO< Salt Lake CityfTTWHTrrrnZ

Church Members

prefer QUIET and COMFORT for restful meditation International church seating with individual chairs provides thousands of churchgoers with the peaceful comfort they prefer.

Ask for full information today.

uternatlonaTsEAT division of UNION CITY BODY CO., INC.

Union City, Indiana 486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Messages of Inspiration

Selected Addresses of the General Authorities of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

An unusual collection of addresses by the thirtythree

General Authorities, selected by them personally. A wide

range of subjects are considered, including discussions on faith, repentance, prayer, and other Gospel subjects.

3.75

**'- Sfwtmm m mmmm ima-m OUR2. PROPHETS AND PRINCIPLES

Published by "The Instructor,"the Teachers'Magazine of the Church

These important writings by the members of the First Presidency (or General THE KINGDOM OF GOD

Authorities) are on the Latterday Saint RESTORED "Articles of Faith"and the prophets who have made them live. Also included Carter E. Grant

are biographical sketches on the Ancient Recentlydiscovered material, which ofLatter-day briefand Prophets and tribfers an entirely new approach to Church utes past and preson LDS Presidents, ent. #2.50 History, is contained in this dynamic

3. book. LDS history students and general

DISCOURSES OF THE readers will be vitally interested in this

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH important work. #4.00

Compiled by Alma P. Burton 6,

Revealed in this compilation are the WHERE IS WISDOM? intimate reactions of the Prophet Joseph Smith to some of the great prinFrom the Addresses of

ciples that he restored under divine Stephen L Richards direction. are excerpts Included from President Richards discusses home anddiscourses forgiveness, on love, baptism,

the Gathering of Israel, duties of mishomemaking, honesty, the Kingdom of sionaries, baptism for the dead and God, the maintenance of liberties, and others. #3.00 a wide panoramic range of subjects in

4. this collection of complete talks and

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL selections from a wealth of addresses

QUESTIONS given by him before church groups,

Joseph Fielding Smith business meetings, and in General ConThis first volume contains many of the ference. #3.50

perplexing questions asked by lay members that were so authoritatively an- 7.

in his Smithswered by President "Your ISRAEL! DO YOU KNOW? ImproveQuestion"column in "The

ment Era."These pertinent questions LeGrand Richards

diverse areas,come from many from The promises made to the House of alike. #2.50 and oldyoung

Judah by the Lord are related with deep

OFFICIAL PUBLISHERS TO THE LDS CHURCH insight and compared with timely hapIII inpeningsprintedin thiswork,outstandingyou becomebook.awareHere,of

ecies. #2.00 Dgseret Booh (o. the actual fulfillment of ancient proph44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah 8.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY THE DAY CHRIST DIED 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Jim Bishop

Gentlemen: author of "The Day Lincoln Was The

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order together the human has brought Shot"(books:) charge to my account for the encircled (numbered) and divine aspects of Christ in a dignilast fied few hours of portrayal the of 12 3 4 5 6 7 8

the beginning mortal life His and

Name His eternal life. The detailed accountof

Address of this last day is beautiful and proCity Zone State. found. #3.95

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

JULY 1957 487 the Church Moves On A Day to Day Chronology of Church Events

Jesse B. Casper and G. Webb Snarr. Jr., Plant Science Laboratory and the

April 1957 President Wilkinson's counselors were Howard S. McDonald Student Health

Elders Sylvan Lloyd Wright and Harold Center (named for former presidents of jv It was announced that construcRichards. Included in the Murray Stake BYU). Also dedicated were eight new

Mltion work on the London (Engare the Murray First, Second, Third, Heritage Halls, named for Elsie C. Carland) Temple of the Church is Fourth, Eighth, and Twelfth wards. roll, Lavina C. Fugal, Susa Young Gates,

about twenty percent completed. Elders Henry D. Moyle and Adam S. Vilate M. Kimball, Emily S. Richards,

Two new members of the YMMIA Bennion of the Council of the Twelve Martha H. Tingey, Elizabeth Ann Whitgeneral board were announced: Elders officiated at the sessions of this conney, and Zina D. H. Young, Church and

C. Vern Yates and E. LaMar Buckner. ference. civic women's leaders. Only Mrs.

Prizewinning writers of MIA plays Carroll and Mrs. Fugal are now living.

eight In dedications, the addition to A. Burnett announced: Mardellwere assistant Dr. Earl C. Crockett, v were honored names when their women forof play, her threeact "Gufer Ogden the vicepresident at Colorado ito

to classrooms attached were and laboraMrs. ofDust,"Barbara W. Williams University, to the appointed was

Salt Lake City for her threeact play post of vicepresident of Brigham Young tories in the new Joseph F. Smith Family

"Eternally Peggy,"and Don L. Lind, University. He will assume his new Living Center. Honored in this mannow a lieutenant in the US Navy, duties September 1. ner were Effie Warnick, Leah D. Widtformerly of Midvale, Utah, for his onesoe, Marion C. Pfund, Elizabeth C.

act play "Day of Trial."Sauls, all of whom are living, and the

late Mary W. Hunt, May Billings,

May 1957 Margaret Vilate Elliot, and Zina Y.

TW Elder Marion G. Romney of the Williams Card.

4r Council of the Twelve dedicated

First anPresidency of the Pocatello the chapel The Ninth JW fcv Elder Richard L. Evans of the that President wards,and Eighteenth and Mrs. nounced West Pocatello P

(Idaho) Stake. Lorin L. Richards, formerly of Council of the Twelve laid the

Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant the Great Lakes Mission, are the new W cornerstone for the London Ternto the Council of the Twelve, dedicated directors of the Church Missionary pie now under construction at Newthe seminary building of the Minidoka Home in Salt Lake City. They succeed chapel, England.

(Idaho) Stake. President and Mrs. Francis A. Child,

Elder Alvin R. Barlow sustained as who have been directors of this training The First Presidency announced

president of the Gunnison (Utah) Stake, school for several years. I \T the appointment of Elder Linsucceeding President Elmo S. Sorensen. Jr coin F. Hanks to preside over the

PresiStates Mission, succeeding GulfPresident counselors are Barlow's Elders (Georgia) organStake Atlanta r F. past the dent Smith. For Legrand T.Avery Beck Stewart; and H. Lamar of ized the portions from South- P years President been twelve has HanksPresident Sorensen's counselors were States ern Mission, Elder with

to Prior of Salt Stake. the president LakeElders P. Lester Luris Hansen and L. presias Nicholls sustained William

of the stake a that high he was memberAllen.

this, of stake 241st dent the now of council, stake superintendent YMMIA. Elder Merrill as sustained J. Wood in functioning the President Church.

of superintendent and YMMlA. ward to President counselorsecond Wilford Nicholls'counselors are Elders Leland

in active a As he was young man of Kirton, (Salt the Jr., UniversityW. K. Sigurd Bye. and Raymond Guymon in of positions the Nineteenth Ward Stake, City)Lake Elder succeeding the and comprising branches Wards

is stake. also that Currently chairman heOscar Jr. McConkie, W. are stake Atlanta, Second, Atlanta Coof Salt the welfare Region, Lake Church

Elder Emerson L. Crawley, formerly lumbus, Empire, and Macon wards; plan. With him to the mission call will

second counselor to President Elden L. Athens, Milledgeville, Palmetto, Gibson, go his wife and two of their five children.

Ord of the Covina (California) Stake, and Buchanan branches. Elders Mark The First Presidency announced the

sustained as first counselor, succeeding E. Petersen and LeGrand Richards of appointment of Elder Burtis F. Robbins

Elder Keith R. Oakes. Elder Jack H. the Council of the Twelve officiated as president of the East German Mission,

West sustained as the new second at the services creating the new stake succeeding President Herald L. Gregory.

counselor. with its five wards and five branches. President Robbins, a physician, filled a

Elder Richards is a former president mission in the SwissGerman Mission jjik Murray South Stake created of the Southern States Mission. from 1911 to 1914. He and his wife, who

\ from portions of Murray (1 'tali) will accompany him on this mission,

Stake, with Elder Donald W. CW President Joseph Fielding Smith toured Europe in 1955 with the TaberChallis sustained as president and Elders 'of the Council of the Twelve nacle Choir-—she is a member of the

Carl D. Jones and Junior W. Child as dedicated twelve new buildings choir, he is an attending physician to

his counselors. Wards in this, the 240th on the campus of Brigham Young Unithe group. At the time of this call,

stake now functioning in the Church, versity. They include the Joseph F. President Robbins is a member of the

are the Murray Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Smith Family Living Center (named high council of the East Mill Creek

Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and for the sixth President of the Church, Stake and has served for a total of sevenFourteenth. Elder Paul S. Rose susPresident Smith's father); Harvey teen years as a member of the high

tained as president of Murray Stake sucFletcher Engineering Sciences Laboracouncils in University, Emigration, and ceeding President Orval J. Wilkinson. tory (named for the worldrenowned Ensign stakes. He also served for sevenPresident Rose's counselors are Elders scientist in acoustics); Benjamin Cluff, (Concluded on page 539)

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GIVE YOUR SAVINGS ACCOUNT greater

C. Vern Yates E. LaMar Buckner earn!

New YMMIA Board Members poweTwoto thenewgeneralmembersboardhaveof beenthe Youngcalled

Men's Mutual Improvement AsGet more of what you're saving for! Utah avmgs offers

sociation: Elders C. Vern Yates and your savings account greater Earning power, wl ch will help

E. LaMar Buckner. your money grow faster and help you realize 'our dreams

Elder Yates, of Salt Lake City, is sooner. Utah Savings'higher earning power will lelp you get

a native of Lehi, Utah. He served your rightful shave in America's greatest pro; ier ity. Your

asthree clerk years of Twin Falls money is safe too... backed by 37 years o sound, sucFirst (Idaho) for several Ward, and

years in the MIA superintendency of cessful service to the West.

Twin Falls Stake. He was president of

the interstake activity organization years. these during has worked He also

for of a score years than more as a FREE GIFTS stake dance instructor and district for new accounts!

supervisor. A qualified sound engi- $50 or more

neer, Elder Yates taught electronics WEEKEND PAC at the Twin Falls High School and NATIONALLY KNOWN PRODUCTS $2.00

for the US government. He is owner SHEAFFER$100 or FINELINEmore

and director of a dance studio in Salt PEN AND PENCIL SET

Lake City and is a member of the $500 or more

University of Utah faculty. His wife, ELECTRIC CLOCK

Sara D. Yates, is a member of the PORTABLE STEAM$1,000 ANDor moreDRY IRON ORYWMIA general board. They have KITCHEN UTILITY SET per annumone son and two grandchildren. $1,500 or more compounded IRON, E. STEAM MIXER, OR first Yates'Elder the G. assignment on TOASTER semiannually or more $2,500 willgeneral board be with the dance TABLE ELECTRIC RADIO SHAVER OR

committee.

"Plder Buckner, a past president of is free! Send chfec or money*-j the national US Junior Chamber Save by mail—the postage

of Commerce, has been superinorder; your account will be opened upon receipt and your

tendent of South Ogden (Utah) pass book and gifts will be mailed to you the sne day. Or

Stake YMMIA since 1953. He was write for additional information.

elected national president of the

Junior Chamber of Commerce in SAVINGS POSTMARKED BY JULY 31 EARN FRC* THE FIRST 1954. He had served as president of

the Ogden chapter in 1950, and in Withdrawal Requests Promptly HonoreK 1952 he was elected Utah state president of the Jaycees. He has been

active in service clubs and organizations, including the Boy Scouts, in the Ogden area. He also served asadministrative assistant to US SenaUTAH SAVINGS

tor Arthur V. wife is Watkins. His AND LOAN ASSO CI All ONthe former Melba Hale of Ogden.

The couple have three children. 65 North University Avenue—PROVO, UTAH

Elder Buckner's first assignment will be on the Junior M Men commit37 YEARS OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE - ASSETS OVER SE#N MILLION tee of the YMMIA general board.

JULY 1957 489 TREK OF THE COVERED WAGONS ABANDONED ORCHARD SANDSTORM AND SAGE

By Elizabeth Cannon McCrimmon By Margaret Grahame Collins By Ivy Houtz Woolley 'The covered wagons trek across the plains. The orchard stands abandoned and for- 'Tough, thready fingers clutch the sand;

The patient oxen pull the heavy load. lorn Dry winds go threshing by;

Brave burden bearers of the wagon train, One cherry tree remains of all its clan; Gray leaves cling fast to whipping stems

Beasts whom the drivers whip and prod and Two peach trees crouch, distorted and alone, When fury smites the sky.

goad. Above the ruins of a forsaken barn. Hot, pungent odor rises from

Five gallant apple trees maintain a siege Sandblistered, rocking sage;

Oldfashioned trailer was this house on Against encroaching oak brush, and at night Dazed buzzards huddle under brush wheels, Hushed, shadowy deer come past a sagging To thwart the driving rage.

Bedding and chests stored snugly in its hold. gate

Flour, bacon, beans, food for many meals; To eat small wormy apples. Squirrels rage Doom moans above while spirals weave

Safety and comfort as the wagon rolled. And chatter from the orchard's tangled floor Unfettered toward the sky;

At scolding jays crowding neglected boughs. The desert shudders while it waits

Travelers learned the perils of the trail Small bands of tumbleweeds assault the For tumult to pass by.

When the faint road was ankle deep in dust, rows, The sage lifts up when wind is spent,

Forded swift rivers, where they had to bale. And patient pines edge closer, year by year. Chance calm besets the land;

Treacherous currents filled them with disYet at proper time the fruit trees bloom Tough, thready fingers burrow deep trust. anew, And deeper in the sand.

And petals lie adrift like summer snow.

At night they circled 'round the campfire's A JOURNAL SPEAKS blaze To dance in polkas and in plain quadrille By Ann Woodbury Hafen

Or raise their voices in a hymn of praise.

Strange pageant this amid the desert's chill! F am the voice of the exploring ages,

Eternal life of hands now turned to dust.

Birth, marriage, death occurred along the I am the Forever of man's will to tell, way. A buckskinned link with tomorrow

Indians prowled and stole their pots and Preserved by the acrid smoke of a campfire.

pans.

Coyotes and wolves they had to hold at bay. While his comrades snore in their earthy

Grass fires blazed, and interrupted plans. rolls,

My creator—squinting, shivering

Sometimes they dined on broiled buffalo Hunches over the dying coals to scrawl:

steak, "Covered ten miles today

Or quail or sage hen graced their outdoor Two hundred still to go.

board. Left five mules by the trail.

In open oven did the women bake No water and grass for camp,

Fish from the rivers added to their hoard. Nor wood except Joshua burrs.

Chewed bullets to wet my mouth.

At last the Rockies reached and climbed and Is all of California gold passed; Worth one day of agonizing thirst?

Down canyons steeped in roses and in pine. Heaven, pour rain tonight!"

Big mountains topped, the valley spreads out, vast. -Photograph by New Mexico State Tourist Bureau The Journal, I—the voice of questing man,

Shimmers Great Salt Lake, inland sea of Gold of his pack, brine. Dust cry of a smothering mule!

DESERTZion is reached, safe home of pioneers WHAT OF THE INDIAN WOMAN'S

Behind, the great adventure of the trail, By Catherine E. Berry THOUGHTS

pilgrimage western without a peer,A lovely vale! eternal in this T'he eastern born who know the lush By Amy ViauA home

Bright green of countryside, What are her thoughts as she looks straight

The towns and villages one sees ahead

OLD WAGON TRACKS On just the shortest ride, And rides a pinto pony down the trail?

Cannot conceive of this wide space Her full green skirt is long; her shawl is red;

By S. Omar Barker Of arid, browntinged land, She carries, dangling, Indian wares for sale.

or fence for miles I. No house earth's and miles, She is one of women, as am

/rass crowds upon the old ruts now, hand. sand on every With leads sun. the beneath as mine, Her pathway

Except where drifting sands But as the wind blows past, she heeds its cry

Have smothered them or farmer's plow Here time and space somehow become And knows the portent of each sound when

Has cut their earthy strands. A strange reality, done.

A blending of the earth and sky,

Lonely they lie on hill and plain, With neither man nor tree I do not know the meaning of the wind

On many a labored slope: To break the distance—-only rocks But hear its rushings with a careless ear.

Forgotten scars of sweat and pain, In weird formations loom I have not searched its pregnant chords to

Of courage, and of hope. Upon the endless horizon, find

Where strange mirages bloom. The strains of drought and famine she can

Lonely they die, their long veins broken hear.

By changecompelling years: My thoughts reach out to her as I speed by.

Only a surely fading token This wide, bright desert seems to be She does not turn her head but holds it

Of patient pioneers. The meaning of infinity. high.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photo by Bartlett of Adams Photography

uilders of cities and builders of men B

Remember the valley from the canyon's mouth;

To the westward, desert—desert north and south.

Only the will to channel mountain streams force renewal in its dormant soil; REMEMBER Could

Only the vision, soaring above fear

Of heartbreak and the autumn harvestless,

THE Forecast an empire in such wilderness.

desert now. at your with remembrance VALLEY Look plain, the cities peopling vibrant These

The seeded field, the fruitbent orchard bough, by Berta Huish Christensen The tunneled hill, the monumental stone,

And minds attuned to learning, faith inspired,

Are testament of courage and of skill,

Memorial to your wisdom and your will.

Let your heart sing; the rose is blossoming!

JULY 1957 491 come here may be moved by it and draw nearer unto thee and have their hearts touched, and their lives lifted, that the whisperings of thy Spirit may Dedicatory Prayer teach them eternal truth.

Prayer offered at the laying of the CornerLet thy blessings be upon the instone of the London Temple, at Newchapel, habitants of this area, upon public near Lingfield, Surrey, England, May 11 1 officials and private citizens, and all 1957. who have helped; and for their hospitality and helpfulness, let them, our

by Elder Richard L. Evans Father, feel a share in this, thy work,

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE and receive satisfaction unto their souls.

God, our Eternal Father: Our fruit here and elsewhere widely over Grant that this place, this holy

Oh,gratitude rises up to thee for the the world. temple, may be a symbol here of

occasion that calls us together. We thank thee for this land with truth and righteousness, and a blessWe are grateful that the walls of a its long traditions for freedom, including to this county and community,

temple are rising in this great and ing freedom of worship, and for its and to all the land roundabout.

good land, which, upon completion, sovereigns, and statesmen, and people Let thy blessing be upon her will be dedicated unto thee as thy who have, with thy help, preserved Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, who is holy house. the climate of freedom through the the gracious sovereign of this land,

We thank thee, our Father, for all centuries, so that thy servants could with all her family, and household, the events and circumstances which come here in the first years of the and advisers, that their influence for have made possible this point of comreign of the gracious Queen Victoria peace and freedom and righteousness pletion, so that we can lay this corin 1837, and proclaim the restoration may be far felt.

nerstone and dedicate to thee what of the gospel of thy Son. We thank thee for the friendship

we have done to this day. We are grateful that from this land and traditions we have in common

We thank thee for friends gathered have come tens of thousands of with this great nation.

here; for architects and artisans, for faithful men and women who having Bless, our Father, those who direct

the builders and directors of the buildheard the truth have accepted it. We its affairs. Give them the wisdom

ing, whose talents and integrity are are grateful for those who have stayed and the inspiration of thy Holy Spirit, rearing these walls to last unto the here to strengthen the Church; and and strength and courage and disfar reaches of the future. Grant that for those who have left to live in cernment in their labors for the cause

they may continue to completion this other lands, and whose sons and of peace and understanding and goodwork without untoward incident or grandsons have come back to carry will among men and nations.

accident. thy word and to continue thy work We pray for the First Presidency

We thank thee for thy servants who in this, the land of their fathers. of thy Church, and for all who have

a century and twenty years ago, first We thank thee, our Father, for been called of thee as thy prophets, walked upon these shores in bringing those who, over the centuries, have seers, and revelators, during this disthe word of thy latterday work to planted and cared for these grounds, pensation, even unto thy servant, this land, even thy servant Heber C. and that thou hast rewarded their President David O. McKay, who first

Kimball and his associates, who in work with the beauty that is here. dedicated this place for this purpose,

poverty, left their families, and came And when this work shall be finished and who later returned to break the here friendless, but were aware of thy and finally presented unto thee, let ground on which this temple is now spirit going before them to give a it be a place of spiritual beauty, as rising. Preserve him, we pray thee,

harvest of souls, which has borne well as physical beauty, that all who in health, and in strength, and in full measure of vigor and enjoyment of life, that though his years are now past fourscore, that if it be thy will, he may yet again return to us here to dedicate this Holy House unto thee upon its completion.

We are grateful also for the Council of the Twelve Apostles, and all the

General Authorities who help to set in order the affairs of thy Church in this our day, with apostles and prophets and the same offices and callings that thy Son didst appoint unto the

Church in his ministry on earth.

Richard L. Evans at We ask thy blessings, upon all thy

the cornerstone layservants, in the wards and stakes and ing ceremony. missions everywhere in the world.

Let thy blessings be upon the president of the British Mission, his fam- (Concluded on page 494) TheEditor'sPage THE by President David O. McKay PIONEERS

Oneleader,hundredPresidentten Brighamyears agoYoung,this monthlooked theovergreatthe inheardthe theSalthowlLakeof Valley?the coyote;Theytheysawsaw sagebrush;in the distancethey

Salt Lake Valley and said: "This is the right place. the smoke of the Indian fire and the salt sea in the west

Drive on."reflecting the beautiful sunlight; but there was no apOf the accomplishments of the people which he led, parent place for a home. There was nothing inviting;

and of those who followed in succeeding companies and in fact, they had been warned by mountain men that seasons, much has deservedly been written. Their unlittle would grow in the valley.

dying fortitude and heroism have been and will continue Now what do we see today? Beautiful cities and

to be a guiding and encouraging light to all who read towns, flourishing; the climate of the land modified, its

their simple but incomparable story. Men may die, but fruit unexcelled, substantial and comfortable homes

principles live on. Ideality is ever the true source of everywhere. To whom are we indebted for this? Divine

inspiration and progress. Providence, the pioneers of 1847, and the pioneers of

What were some of the factors behind our pioneers? subsequent years. They were builders, colonizers, beneIt was faith in God as a Loving Father who will and factors to our nation, benefactors to humanity.

does guide through inspiration those who seek him in What did President Young have in mind when he sincerity; it was the defense of liberty to worship God said: "This is the place"?

as conscience dictates; it was a sublime confidence in By reading the reports of his sermons we find that

inspired leadership that caused some fifteen thousand he had in mind, first, the prophetic utterance of the man

Latterday Saints to seek refuge on the plains between whom he loved, the Prophet Joseph, who said the Saints

Nauvoo and Winter Quarters in the fall of 1846, and would go to the West, build cities, and become a mighty come to settle the valleys of the West. These pioneer people in the midst of the Rocky Mountains.

men and women offered their lives in maintenance of Second, when that great leader uttered the sentence, a great cause. "This is the place,"he had in mind that here they

The trek of the Latterday Saints from Nauvoo to would find a place of refuge and peace.

Winter Quarters, thence onward to Salt Lake City, is Third, he had in mind that from this center there one of the outstanding feats in the history of colonizawould radiate to all the world a message of truth, insotion. Bancroft, the historian, avers that: far as it would be possible for that little band and those

"There is no parallel in the world's history to this who followed them to declare that truth to the world, migration from Nauvoo. The exodus from Egypt was to establish brotherhood, peace, and above all, faith in

from a heathen land, a land of idolaters to a fertile God, our Father.

region designated by the Lord for his chosen people, the Fourth, he had in mind to establish in this place, worland of Canaan. The Pilgrim fathers in fleeing to Amership, industry, education, and mutual service.

ica came from a bigoted and despotic people—a people Regarding the importance of education, President

making few pretentions to civil or religious liberty. It Young said on one occasion soon after they entered the

was from these same people who had fled from oldworld valley:

persecutions that they might enjoy liberty of conscience "First build your fort and protect yourselves from in the wilds of America, from their descendants and asdepredations. As soon as you have built your log house,

sociates, that other of their descendants, who claimed let a sufficient number of rooms be appropriated for the right to differ from them in opinion and practice, schools, furnished by the best teachers, and give every were now fleeing.... child among you an opportunity of continuing his edu-

"Before this, the Mormons had been driven to the cation anew and see that he attends to it. That individual

outskirts of civilization, where they had built themselves who has an opportunity to educate his children and a city; this they must now abandon and throw themdoes not, is not worthy to have children. Teach youfi

selves upon the mercy of savages. All ties of the past children the principles of the kingdom that they may

had been sundered. They were so poor that their utmost grow in righteousness."

hope was to secure the merest necessities of life. If ever Fulfilment of prophecy—a place of refuge and peace

a dream of anything like comfort or luxury came to a center from which would radiate the message of truth them, they made a grave in their hearts for that'dream a place wherein to establish true worship, industry, eduand buried it that it might not longer vex them."

On the twentyfourth of July, 1847, what did they see!&, (Concluded on following page)

JULY 1957 493 The Editor's Page (Concluded from preceding page) To these intrepid, faithinspiring lovers of liberty and cation, and service—these are some of the connotations of freedom to worship God as conscience dictates, we

in the mind of Brigham Young when he said: "This is set aside, in grateful remembrance, one day each year

the place!"the twenty -fourth of July.

Dedicatory Prayer

(Concluded from page 492) unto thy servant Joseph Smith who souls earnestly reach unto thee to be ily and all his associates, upon the petitioned thee in prayer, and didst comforted and guided and directed members and those who carry rereveal anew to him that thou didst and given strength and made whole.

sponsibilities throughout the branches make men in thine own image, and Let thy peace and protection be and districts of this great mission, and didst cause to be revealed anew thy over this place, that all who enter, upon the young men and women who eternal plans and purposes for thy and all who approach, may feel the serve here as missionaries. Give unto children, and authorize the restorapeace and assurance of thy hallowed

them peace and comfort, guidance and tion of thy Church again on earth, purposes, and let neither the elements direction, and a glorious sense of acand that out of tribulation and poverty nor any act of man desecrate or damcomplishment in the faithful labors and persecution, thou hast caused it age or destroy, and let no unclean they perform without compensation, to grow and flourish and to carry the thing enter here, but let thy sweet and except that compensation which message of eternal truth throughout holy influence abide here.

comes of thee, and which is rewarding the nations of the earth. O Lord, our God, grant that all

above all else in life. We thank thee for all that thou these things may be, that these blessLet there be among the officers and hast revealed, and for the assurance ings and petitions may be realized

members and missionaries, and among that thou wilt continue to reveal upon those assembled here, and on the youth of thy Church, the spirit many great and wonderful things; all who are represented by them, and

of peace, of understanding, of inand for the witness we have of our on this nation and on this people, and creased faithfulness and devotion, of relationship to thee, and thy love for all the faithful members of thy brotherly love and kindliness, of us; and of the divine mission of thy Church, and on all thy children

righteousness and freedom from transbeloved Son, Jesus the Christ, who everywhere, according to their needs gression and sin, from evil thinking came to earth and broke the bonds and desires and faithfulness in keepand gossiping and evil speaking. Let of death that all men shall rise from ing thy commandments.

thy spirit permeate their lives, and the grave unto everlasting life; and

Let this house rise as a witness to in theirabide homes, peace that our Savior will and bring and Redeemer theirto hearts, again them in come hast as thou and prosper promised by all the world that thy gospel has their employment, and stir them up thy holy word, and through thy been restored to be proclaimed anew in the earth as foreseen from Patmos to righteous endeavors for the furtherprophets.

looking servant thy by who, John, ofance thy work. grateful are for the knowledge We events, future even out unto upon

if plans any of them be estranged of for bringthy and purposes And in latterdays, the recorded the book for their friends or their families in together ing families a gloriousfrom of Revelation: "And I saw another

truth; of thy if any continue feel onenessacceptance that will throughout

angel fly in the midst of heaven, havalone or deprived of any privilege, O eternity as that which is bound on ing the everlasting gospel to preach

Father, let the comfort that comes earth "shall be bound in heaven"that the earth, dwell on themonly of thee be theirs, for we know (Matt. 18:18), and as the heart of unto

nation, every kindred, and to and and that thou art in debt to no man, and the fathers is turned to the children tongue, and people.

that all blessings which thou hast "and the heart of the children to their promised the faithful and the obedient fathers,..."(Mai. 4:5-6.) "Saying with a loud voice, Fear

will come to those who are faithful O Father, let thy faithful Saints God, and give glory to him; for the

and obedient. here and in other lands nearby so hour of his judgment is come."(Rev.

We thank thee, Father, for the order their lives in righteousness and 14:6-7.)

tithes and the offerings of thy faithdevotion that it may be their privilege We dedicate unto thee this cornerful people in this land and elsewhere, to enter here and receive for themstone, truly laid in this thy Holy that have helped make possible this selves with their loved ones those House which rises to thy name, and and other sacred structures for the blessings that pertain to eternity, as the contents of the box placed herein furtherance of thy work. well as giving peace and assurance we seal away as a witness of thy

We thank thee for the progress and comfort and strength through the words and thy works, and as a witness made here and in other lands; for years of time. to all men of the restoration of thy

all the material gifts that thou hast Grant, that the sorrowing and those gospel and thy Church.

given; for the temple now rising in whose lives have been burdened with By virtue of the Holy Priesthood

New Zealand; for those completed sin, those who have lost their way, which thou hast granted unto me, and

elsewhere, and for others that shall those who are discouraged, those who by the appointment of the First Presiyet be built to thy holy name and are in ill health, those who are beset dency of thy Church, I pronounce thy holy work. with doubts, those who struggle in these blessings and this prayer and

We are grateful to thee that thou indecision, grant that all may have petition, in the name of thy Beloved and thy Son didst reveal thyselves their lives lifted, as their hearts and Son, our Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmmmSMam.:.::.:::...,........:.:..,,..,.

til ifj

by Joseph Fielding Smith

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Hallowed Language

"In our Sunday School class we have have forsaken God as a Personal Being, and absolutely come to the question in our lesson on as an anthropomorphic Exalted Man. Therefore their

prayer on which we need further instruction. The questendency is a natural one to look upon such a being as

tion is this: Is it important that we use the words, thy, unworthy of divine worship. Many of the modern

thine, thee, and thou, in addressing Deity; or is it proper scholars have gone so far as to teach and maintain that

when directing our thoughts in prayer to use the more God is the imaginary creation of the mind of man, and common and modern words, you and yours? Our bishop that he has become "progressive,"from age to age since

and our stake president have told us that the older words the days of the "caveman,"to the present enlightened should always he used, but we seek further information age. Therefore he is worshiped as a God of love and

on this question."mercy, yet, after all, the creation of the active mind of

man who seeks some superior power on which to bestow his worship.

Your bishop and stake president have Dr. Martin B. Anderson has said, "A volume might

given you proper advice which should be filled with illustrations of the truth that the language be followed strictly. of nations is a mirror in which may be seen reflected

Our Eternal Father and his Only Begotten Son, Jesus with unerring accuracy all the elements of their intellectual as well as of their moral character."1

Christ, should never be approached in prayer in the familiar expressions so commonly used in addressing This certainly is true. Therefore as mankind gets

human beings. The Father and the Son should always farther and farther away from the worship of the True

be honored in our prayers in the utmost humility and and Living God, the less respect and reverence man will reverence. These common pronouns, you, yours, may give to God. Therefore, this reverence being weakened

with perfect propriety be used in addressing our equals. or missing, the less inclined are men to look upon the

In the days when the Bible was translated into English Supreme Being with awe, humility, and reverence.

it was common for men and women to greet each other Members of the Church should be very grateful that using the pronouns thy and thine, thee and thou. As the Lord inspired the Prophet Joseph Smith, in the transtime went on and men and women became more worldly lation of the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Coveminded, such a custom was discontinued, and these more nants, and the Pearl of Great Price to give us these sacred

formal pronouns were confined to their manner of speech records in the sacred form in which the Bible has come in addressing royalty or persons of great distinction and down to us. The changing of the wording of the Bible

in poetical expressions. Prayer and poetry certainly to meet the popular language of our day, has, in the

would miss much of their value if this were changed. opinion of the writer and his brethren, been a great loss

In countries with republican forms of government, in the building of faith and spirituality in the minds and where every man feels himself equal to his neighbor, hearts of the people.

the use of the more formal pronouns was discontinued.

Moreover the farther man gets away from the true wor1Words, Their Use And Abuse, p. 66.

ship of God, and his mind pictures Deity as a force, or an invisible shapeless spirit, a something intangible and incomprehensible, the tendency is natural for respect \AJ Jz<JJLy /&h>z}&and reverence to diminish.

Today the scientific world and the religious world,

JULY 1957 495 by Elder Hugh B. Brown

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

on Time's Calendar

The Opening of the British Mission

Thecatestimingthat God'sof worldeternaleventsplanindiis ofshadowseternity.foretoldBut theshortlycomingthe ofeveningnight.

regulated by a celestial clock. Each The crucifixion of our Lord and

important event in world history must the subsequent violent death of each wait until its hour strikes. History of his apostles, save John, were folrecords long and patient preparation lowed by persistent and cruel persefor the birth of each new epoch, age, cution of officers and members of the

or dispensation. Before the birth of Church. This continued under Rothe Messiah there was divine manipuman authority from the reign of Nero

lation of world events which made (A.D. 54) to the close of Diocletian's

the ancient calendar year of Rome, reign. (A.D. 305.) During interims secution a more ominous move was

753, propitious for that pivotal event. of comparative tranquility there were made by the adversary in the guise

The most glorious and eventful many disputations on doctrine and of friendship. A wily pagan emperor

morning of all history dawned with struggles for precedence resulting in saw an opportunity to gain political the birth of Jesus of Nazareth. The schisms and a multiplicity of sects advantage by combining church and

earth life of the Son of God marked within this leaderless and dwindling state under his own leadership. It

the Meridian of Time, the noontide Church. After the abatement of perwas then that time's clock struck midnight, and the apostasy was complete.

This was followed by almost total darkness from the third to the twelfth century.

To a finite observer of these eventful times, that awful and foreboding night would have appeared to be interminable. But the setting of the

sun has always been a prophecy of dawn, and the midnight finally passed. Hopeful signs appeared in

the eastern sky and brought reassurance that God was still at the controls.

Let us note briefly some of the preparatory events, each of which was prerequisite to the promised restoration of the gospel and the subsequent opening of the British Mission.

Men began to resist the bondage of the feudal system and to demand that tyrants recognize the innate dignity and God -given liberty of the individual. On June 15, 1215, King

John of England, under duress, signed—Photograph by Mi Powell the Magna Charta at Runnymede.

This document was, in a sense, a conPart of those attending cornerstone laying ceremony.

stitution guaranteeing rights and

A section of the large audience that witnessed the cornerstone ceremony.

Following intermittent showers the skies cleared as the service proceeded.

gether from many parts of the world, resulting in a renaissance, or intellectual awakening in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries.

During the next century a measure of religious freedom was wrested from the politicoreligious tyrants and a reformation or revolution which started in Germany and Switzerland was to spread over Europe like a prairie fire. The national churches

of Britain, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, and Holland, together with parts of Germany and Switzerland, broke away from the Church of Rome. This

paved the way for the separation of church and state.

The various upheavals resulted in some measure of intellectual, religious, and political freedom, the very cornerstone of the plan of salvation.

Learning was within the reach of many and some knowledge of the

Bible became general in protesting nations. As people became acquainted

with the predictions and prophecies of the Holy Bible, there was obprivileges and laying the foundation followed by the independence and servable among common people in for the security of English political subsequent growth of the United many lands an air of expectancy, a and personal liberty. This was the States. looking for a new revelation from

first step in preparation for the comDuring the twelfth and thirteenth God.

ing to England of the restored gospel centuries, the crusades, with their One wonders what would have with its doctrine of free agency. The resultant travel and extended combeen the fate of the American nation

discovery of a new continent, where merce, started a change from feudal if it had been established before the the Englishspeaking people were to to central and representative governElizabethan period in England, the be most successful in planting coloment. Later came the "revival of Lutheran period in Germany, the

nies, marked a notable step in the learning,"the establishment of uniheroic struggle of the Dutch for libonward progress of events. This was versities where men were brought to- (Continued on following page)

Sir Thomas Bennett, supervising architect, presenting a silver trowel to Mortar is put in place, before Elder Evans lowers and

Elder Richard L. Evans for President David O. McKay. Similar trowels sets the cornerstone.

were also presented to Sir Thomas, Elder Evans, and President Kerr, with one later to be sent to Elder Edward O. Anderson.

JULY 1957 497 The old mansion, used now by the Newchapel

Branch of the Church.

organized in 1830. During that time

the plates of the Book of Mormon were revealed and translated, the

Aaronic and Melchizedek Priesthoods were restored, and men were authorized to speak and act in the name of

God.

Several years elapsed before the time arrived to open the British

Mission. Then on the fourth of June,

1837, the Prophet Joseph Smith said to Heber C. Kimball, "Brother Heber,

the Spirit of the Lord has whispered to me, 'my servant Heber is to go to

England and proclaim my gospel and open the doors of salvation unto that nation.'''Accordingly Heber C. Kimball and Orson Hyde of the Council

of the Twelve and Willard Richards,

Two faithful workmen watch temple grow. with Brothers Joseph Fielding, John

Goodson, Isaac Russell, and John

Red Letter Days on Time's Calendar sailingSnyder, shiplandedGarrick,in EnglandJuly 20, 1837.on the

Shortly after arriving the seven mis- (Continued from preceding page) reappearing of the Son of God, indisionaries, having prayed for divine erty in Holland—in short, before the vidual preparation of chosen servants guidance as to where to start their

religious revolution, generally known was also necessary. The prophet had work, were inspired to go to Preston,

as the reformation. Certainly there ten years schooling under a igelic Lancashire, a manufacturing town on

had been a power at work creating teachers before the Church was inally (Continued on page 520) conditions propitious to the restoration of the gospel and the reorganization of the pristine Church. The

ground in many lands had been prepared for the planting of the seed of truth and nowhere was the soil more fertile than in England.

In 1820 the celestial clock struck the hour for the beginning of the restoration of the gospel. The first

vision shook the religious world to its foundation by revealing, among other things, four erstwhile, wellknown facts which had been buried in the rubble of the apostasy, namely: (1)

that the Father and the Son are separate and distinct Personages, (2) that man is created in the bodily image of

God, (3) that the canon of scripture was not full, and (4) that the Church of Jesus Christ was not upon the earth.

British left leaders: Mission to right, The B. Firmage, counselor; second Edwin there But while been preparahad

Sister Kerr; President Clifton first F. Oates, G. M. Kerr; counselor; W. oftion to this events leading world secretary. Christenson, H. Kay

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA inspirational talk - Thoughts for pr

OBEDIENCE

... Behold, to obey is better than sacri- I know

fice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. My God commands, whose power no

I Samuel 15:22 power resists.

—Robert Greene

thing must do the must we We The history of all the great characters the thing Before may; we

We are unfit for any trust sentence:of the BibleTheyis acquaintedsummed upthemselvesin this withone

Till we can and do obey. God and acquiesced in his will in all things.

George MacDonald, Cecil Willie's Question, Pt. iv.—Richard

He praiseth God best that serveth and

By contenting ourselves with obedience obeyeth him most: the life of thankfulness

we become divine. consists in the thankfulness of the life.

—Emerson, Essays, First Series:—Burkitt

Spiritual Laws Obedience is much more seen in little

Henceforth I learn that to obey is best, things than in great.

And love with fear the only God.—-Thomas Fuller, Gnomologia

Milton, Paradise Lost,—John Bk. xii, 1. 561. You cannot be a true man until you

learn to obey.

the students E. Lee, to—Robert Obedience is in a way the mother of all College, 1867 at Washington

virtues.—St. Augustine, The more completely law is obeyed the

On the Good of Marriage greater the consciousness of perfect joy.

Throughout eternal life, increasing knowlWe ought to obey God rather than men, knowledgeedge is attained,comes the andgreaterwithadaptationincreasingto—Acts 5:29 law, and in the end an increasingly greater

joy. Therefore it is that eternal life is the

To obey well, is as great a thing as to greatest gift of God, and that the plan of governe. salvation is priceless.

A. Widtsoe—Sir Thomas Overbury (in 1613)—John

... I know that the Lord giveth no

If ye love me, keep my commandments. commandments unto the children of men,

—John 14:15 save he shall prepare a way for them that

they may accomplish the thing which he

Obedience completes itself in undercommandeth them.

standing—1 Nephi 3:7

—Phillips Brooks I, the Lord, am bound when ye do

what I say; but when ye do not what I say,

The first great law is to obey. ye have no

—Schiller promise.—D & C 82:10

JULY 1957 499 ADDRESS PRESENTED AT THE CORNERSTONE TAYING OF THE

by Richard L. Evans

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Laying of the cornerstone of the London Temple, Newchapel, near happening here today we shall have

Lingfield, Surrey, England, May 11, 1957. to go far back to some beginnings

back to the beginnings before time began, to the grand theme of all the you our distinguished guests and faith may be joined with mine in ages, as man has ever asked himself,

Tofriends, whose presence we earnpraying for the guidance and spirit of Whence?—and Why?—and Whither? estly appreciate—and to you our God to make this occasion more meanAnd that story is a stirring story

brethren and sisters: we come here ingful for all of us. attested by scripture. It has moved

today with a consciousness and conWe bring you the greetings and the prophets, and has stirred the souls viction of our relationship to the God love and blessings of President McKay of the poets. Milton dwelt upon it in

and Father of us all, who made us and the First Presidency and the part in his "Paradise Lost."Wordsall in his own image. We are honBrethren of the General Authorities. worth must have had some earnest

ored by your presence. President McKay would like to have intimations of it as he wrote his "InWith a sobering awareness both of been with you today as you would timations of Immortality."

the honor and responsibility conferred like to have had him here, and by the First Presidency of the Church especially asked that we express his "Our birth is but a sleep and a in the performance of this sacred love and blessings to you. forgetting:

soul that rises with us, ourprivilege and duty—I ask that your For the significance of what is The

life's Star, Hath had elsewhere its setting,

And cometh from afar."

We shall leave this grandest of all themes for the last, and turn for a moment or two to the beginnings of the Latterday work in this beloved land. (Editor's Note: Brother Evans here

briefly reviewed the dramatic beginnings of the British Mission, and its close ties to the Church, and then continued:)

And so you see our roots are here down deep, and our traditions, and our affections also. And here today

are the young men and young women from Great Britain, the United States, and Canada who are presently serving as missionaries, and we should like to pause a moment and ask all of them to stand who have

Congregational hymn sung at the London Temple cornerstone British blood in their veins. (Pause.)

laying, with Elder Richard L. Evans, Sister Kerr and PresiYou see we are no strangers to you,

dent Clifton G. M. Kerr, seated, front center. Mrs. Lowell W. nor you to us. The major part of

architect's supervising of Berry, the Morris Winslade a guest;

staff, British the membership of the Church of P. Hill, for the response a James and who gave

members of the Church, are seen on the second row. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing that the Lord God meant men to be free—and that every man must

know what he believes and make his choices, and eternally receive the rewards of his works.

There are many other distinctive beliefs, even to mention which would call for another occasion. And one

of the most distinctive is that which pertains to temples, which differ from chapels, and we should like briefly to distinguish between the two.

This is the fourteenth temple to be built by the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints in this, the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times—the

first such temple to be built in Great

Britain, the second in Europe, and the third in the British Empire, there being one also in Canada, and another under construction in New Zealand. We have some ninetyfive

Sir Thomas Bennett informally greets Sister Richard L. Evans branches of the Church in Great

with other and Mrs. Lowell W. Berry, invited friends and Britain, and some sixty Churchofficials. guests and public

owned chapels and nearly 4000 meeting places throughout the world in all in some degree of British ancestry. the answer was given him. The of which all sincere men are welcome.

And so we say, God bless you, our heavens opened up before him, and But temples are not places of public

British brethren and sisters. he was given to know, by sight and worship. They are for purposes that

sound, that God indeed was a real are sacred.

It is this background that causes and personal Father, who had made Before dedication friends are often us to be proud of and thankful for men in his own image, and that Jesus invited to enter. Nearly two -thirds

the gracious sovereigns and public his Beloved Son stood by his Father's of a million people of all faiths were officers and the people who have here side, resurrected as a personal, imwelcomed within the recently compreserved the right of freedom of wormortal Being. pleted Los Angeles Temple in Calionce a temple of theship, which members of the Church From this there followed, under fornia—but

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints divine authority and direction, the Church is dedicated to its sacred purhave had here from the beginnings restoration and organization on April poses, only faithful followers of the of the British Mission in 1837 when 6, 1830, of the Church of Jesus Christ Church are invited to enter therein.

the beloved Queen Victoria ascended of Latterday Saints, with the form Now as to the great questions,

Whither?the throne, even unto this fourth year and function of the primitive church, Whence?—and Why?—and

the tying of these questions toof the reign of Queen Elizabeth II, a church of apostles and prophets,—and

a span of one hundred twenty years with power and authority to adminthe purposes of holy temples:

cited Wordsworththis July. ister in its ordinances. We have already

said: sleep birth a is but "Our who is all It this exthat to us moves It is a deeply worldwide Church, forgetting."a and for topress appreciation our your you of Christ; the Christian, bearing name is this: stated Simply story thehelpfulness courtesy. kindly and We practical, believing that remarkably in the beginning was That man will that find us pray and youhope of are opportunities the imtime an spirit literally are his with God. We to so neighbors. intendgood be We of eternity; portant part wonderfully children.

felearnest,in a Christian devout, to happiness, hopeful committed and lowship, in this land of our fathers. believing that men are that they

And now to go back to the second might have joy; eagerly devoted to

beginning—to the true account of a learning, believing that the Glory of We knew him there. We were with

boy who long and earnestly pondered God is intelligence, and that no man him in the heavens before time began.

in his heart the reasons for the irreccan be saved in ignorance; accepting Having arrived at a certain point of

oncilable differences among the the Bible, but believing also that God progress, we needed the experience of many contending religions of men, spoke to other peoples besides those mortality for our further progression.

and who, in the spring of the year of ancient Israel, and that his inspired A Grand Council sat in the heavens 1820 read a passage in the Epistle of words to his prophets among his to consider these eternal plans and

James in the King James Bible, where- "other sheep,"are also scripture; the purposes.

in it is written: "If any of you lack Book of Mormon being one such It was proposed that we should

wisdom, let him ask of God, that work, it being a sacred and secular come here with the memory of our giveth to all men liberally, and uphistory of some of the ancestors of preexistence taken from us, and with braideth not; and it shall be given the American Indians. It is a church a few simple commandments to keep,

him."And he did ask of God—and intensely devoted to freedom, believ- (Continued on following page)

JULY 1957 501 Address Presented at the Cornerstone Laying of the London Temple (Continued from preceding page) difference and lack of faith have lost gospel? What of those who died

and with a need for searching, for it from time to time. And the auwithout adequate opportunity to acits ordinances? Is God just? Areworking, for having faith—and with thority to administer in its ordinances cept

freedom to choose. has had to be restored by direct divine they to be forever damned? Are our

But Lucifer had another idea. He bestowal repeatedly in the past, as in forebears, or our loved ones who have

was brilliant but rebellious. (One of the days of Noah, and of Abraham, left us, to be deprived of eternal

my beloved associates has said that and Moses, and others. And it was privileges? Obviously, if something

Lucifer must have thought God was lost again during the Dark Ages, and is universally required, some provision very oldfashioned.) Lucifer offered had to be restored again in this, the must be made to make it universally

available. Would we be interestedto bring us all back—into our Father's Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. is scripturally attested—if in heaven if we knew that our forepresence—but on his own terms. He All this

wanted to enslave men's souls (as we will search the scriptures, as we bears, through no fault of theirs, could many others do today), and to take have been counseled to do. (Editor's not enter therein? They have gone

his Father's honor and glory and note: See Gen. 2:4-5; Job 38:4, 7; from us, but baptism is an ordinance

power. Jer. 1:5; II Peter 2:4; Jude 1:6; Rev. of this earth. And one purpose of

When Lucifer's offer was rejected, 12:7, 12.) temples is to provide for this and

he rebelled, and there was war in * * other essential ordinances to be perheaven, and the hosts that went with It is all there. Either it is true or formed for all of those, of all times,

him lost their eternal opportunity. it isn't. Either we believe it or we who have had no adequate opporAdam, who was one of the eminent don't. Either men are immortal or tunity in this life to accept these escharacters in the councils of heaven, they aren't. (And each of us had sential ordinances themselves.

agreed to come here and take on better find out for himself whether (Editor's note: See I Cor. 15:29; I

mortality, knowing the risks, and he believes these things to be so or Peter 3:19, 20, etc., and comments

knowing that in doing so he would not.) thereon in complete text.)

become subject to death. What has this to do with temples? * * *

But Adam also knew that a Savior Just this: Another purpose is the performwould be sent—for Jesus the Beloved That life is a thing of eternal conance of marriages-—not marriages that and Firstborn Son of the Father, tinuance, and that God has prescribed continue only for time—not only until

offered himself as an atoning sacrifice, certain essential ordinances for man death do us part—but marriages that

knowing that he would suffer and die to reach his highest eternal opporperpetuate the beloved and meaningfor us, and that he would break the tunity. ful oneness of family life for time and

bonds of death, so that all men would It would seem that all Biblebe- all eternity. be resurrected—"For as in Adam all lieving people would agree there are Three weeks ago, on Easter Sundie, even so in Christ shall all be made certain sacred and essential ordiday, on a nationwide broadcast with

alive."(I Cor. 15:22.) nances. You will recall, for examthe Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle

# # * ple, that our Savior said, "Except a choir and organ, we asked the quesAdam had the gospel in the beginman be born of the water and of the tion: What if loneliness were everning. It isn't something that has Spirit, he cannot enter into the kinglasting? It is a pertinent and acute

evolved in the minds of men. And dom of God."(John 3:5.) question to those who have lost loved

significant similarities in the world's And since he said it, he must have ones—to parents who have lost a

great religions are because of a commeant it. child, to those who have lost beloved

mon origin, and not because of someAnd since he must have meant it, lifelong companions. We can bear

thing that developed separately. The it must have applied to all men. And short separations—but "What if lonegospel came from the Lord God; but then the question comes: What of liness were everlasting?"One of the

men, by their waywardness and inthose who died without knowing the most comforting sentences from our

Savior was his assurance to his apostles: "... that where I am, there

ye may be also."(John 14:3.)

What would heaven be, really, without the continued, cherished companionship of those who mean the most.

Our Savior also said to his Apostles:

"Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven."(Matt.

18:18.) Such is another purpose of

temples: for binding together, by this

authority, which is in the earth today, the whole human family. We are not

alone in life. We belong to an eternal

family. The work performed in temples pertains to these and other

Section of the rising temple walls seen from the rear of the audience. (Continued on page 516)

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wharton leaned wearily ecision

Maryagainst the gnarled oak. At

her feet, her two small children, glad for the moment's rest, fell exhausted upon the rainsoaked earth. oLeak C-. Jmlih

Their tiny hands were blue with cold and their feet were bruised and bleeding. The wind, oblivious to their

helplessness, howled round them, bringing with it fresh torrents of rain.

Removing a shawl from her shoulders,

Mary wrapped it around the smaller of the children, then raised him into her arms and murmured: "Mommy

carry baby boy!"She then reached

for the hand of her other child and said, "Come, Timmy, please darling.

Mother will hold your hand."

"Timmy so tired,"the child replied, but he staggered to his feet.

The woman stood still for a moment looking round her, then resolutely turned her face eastward. The sky

was crimson with flames.

Little Timmy, following her gaze, said: "Big fire burn up house."

Mary pressed his hand tightly, then scurried quickly with her children into a wooded thicket which was nearby.

"Darlings, please, don't make a sound!"she whispered. Quickly she

"Darlings, please don't a sound!"make in anger to cry and in fear, began forced to them the ground. lie upon she whispered. forced Quickly she them noisily. clutched her children Mary lay besideThen she them, her to lie arms the upon ground.

enfolding them protectively. "Pretend and frantically began to run. With

you are asleep, darlings, please do!"quick strides the man was beside her

Nearby there was the sound of lived nearby. The other man was tall and, pinioning her arms to her sides,

footsteps and voices, loud and angry. and his body was wrapped in a black held her close. The hood of his

"But I tell you, she was in there,"cloak. He spoke suddenly, and hearcloak was thrown back, revealing a

one voice was saying. "She couldn't ing his wellknown voice, Mary face, young and handsome.

have got out nohow.". cringed and moaned silently. "Mary, Mary,"he murmured as

Another voice replied: "Wal, if From the folds of the cloak, the one in delirium. "I have come to take

she war thar, she ain't thar now. Not man extracted four packets and, you home!"

even a Mormon could live through handing one to each of the men, said: Mary looked at him, then said,

that thar fire.""I promised you payment in silver. "You, my own brother have had my

Then the first voice spoke again. It is all there. It is best that we sephome burned down. You terrify my

"We'uns better be gittin'away from arate now. Remember! Not a word children. Why can't you leave me

here, and in a hurry, too. By now of this to anyone."alone?"

every Mormon around about here is The four men greedily accepted His voice was calm; he spoke

probably oiling his shotgun and their payment, and upon ascertaining soothingly as if to one who were hightailin'it over here. I jes bet that the full amount was there, ill. "Mary, I have everything arthey'd believe us when we said we scurried away, leaving the tall figure ranged. There is a carriage nearby.

didn't mean to kill her. That we alone. As soon as they had gone, the We will leave here. Tomorrow Miswuz jes'goin'to scare her religion man sank to his knees and, burying souri will be behind you. You will

out'n her."his face in his hands, began to sob be on your way home. Home.

The voices of the men had now uncontrollably. Doesn't that mean anything to you?

reached the tree where Mary had The baby, cold and uncomfortable, Father and Mother are waiting for rested such a short time before. Peerstirred and began to whimper. Quickyou. Everything will be as it was

ing through the thicket, from her ly Mary covered his mouth with her before. You will be able to forget

place on the ground, Mary could see hand, but it was too late. The man all of this foolish Mormon business."

the figures of five men, four of whom had heard the sound. He arose and "Have you forgotten?"Mary asked.

she recognized as Missourians who began to look around him. The child, (Concluded on page 518)

JULY 1957 503 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTXIII

Jesus

Teaches

by Parables

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

—Photo by Camera Clix

Christ stilling the tempest. Painting by Anker Lund.

Forso theafter firstJesus eighteenbegan hismonthsministry,or ato typeknowofasstorya parable.which weThishaveis a comeshort bystonytheplacesbirds. startedThat towhichgrowfellbutuponwas

all who heard him speak were story or incident from which a great scorched by the sun because the soil astonished at his messages because he spiritual truth can be drawn. A was so shallow. The seed that fell

taught plainly, directly, and authoriparable is true to life and based on among thorns also started to grow, tatively. Everywhere he went, great some common, everyday happening, but the tender plants were choked

multitudes followed him and often which when understood, illustrates a out by those noxious weeds. Seed

pressed upon him so much that he spiritual or religious principle not that fell on good, properly prepared would sit in a boat on the Sea of actually told in the story. ground, reproduced itself up to as

Galilee to teach the people who Among the first parables related by much as one hundred times.

gathered upon the shore. the Lord was that of the sower, and Why, his disciples asked, had he

One day as he was thus speaking told of a man whose seed, as he was spoken thus in parables?

to the people, his followers must have sowing it by hand, fell on four types We will remember that among the been greatly surprised because for the of soil. That which fell by the waymultitudes listening to the Savior

first time, as far as we know, he told side, or on the hard ground, was eaten were many who were not interested in 504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA being taught, but who were rather and bind them in bundles and burn \N one occasion as the multitudes seeking to snare him because of the them: but gather the wheat into my crowded around Jesus on the

things that he might say. Also there barn."In explaining this parable, shore, he told his disciples that he

were the curious and those who came Jesus told his disciples that the sower would like to sail to the other side of merely to be entertained. The Lord was himself, the Son of God. "The the sea. So they sent the people

knew that those who were genuinely field,"he said, "is the world: the good away and started on the journey. The

interested and who had already acseed are the children of the kingdom: Sea of Galilee is about twelve miles

cepted his teachings would seek to but the tares are the children of the long and six miles wide. Although

understand the great truths in his wicked one; this is rather a small body of water,

parables, while those who were not "The enemy that sowed them is the still large waves are not uncommon sincere would merely become more devil: the harvest is the end of the when churned up by the winds of

confused by this type of teaching. world; and the reapers are the angels. an angry storm. Such a storm de-

"Therefore,"he said, "speak I to "As therefore the tares are gathered veloped as the Savior and his disciples them in parables: because they seeing and burned in the fire; so shall it be were making the crossing, and great

see not; and hearing they hear not, in the end of this world. waves poured into the open boat until

neither do they understand."At the "The Son of man shall send forth it seemed to be in danger of sinking.

same time he indicated that all those his angels and they shall gather out This is one of the most dramatic who truly wanted to understand his of his kingdom all things that offend, scenes in all of the life of the Savior words could do so. "If any man have and them which do iniquity; as far, at least, as his disciples were

ears to hear, let him hear,"the Savior said. "Take heed what ye hear: with "And shall cast them into a furnace

what measure ye mete, it shall be of fire: there shall be wailing and (Continued on page 540)

measured to you: and unto you that gnashing of teeth."

hear shall more be given.

"For he that hath, to him shall be given: and he that hath not, from

him shall be taken even that which he hath."To his disciples, Jesus explained that the seed in the parable is the word of God. Many people hear the

truth but will not recognize it because of the evil that is within their hearts.

Others hear and believe for a while, but because their faith is not well grounded they soon fall away. Others

also may believe but are so interested in riches and pleasures and things of the world that these "thorns"keep them from doing what they should.

Still others, who are likened to the seed which falls on good ground, believe with all their hearts, keep the word of God, and consequently receive the blessings which the Lord has promised the faithful.

On this and subsequent occasions

Jesus told many other parables with which we are acquainted, and when the strangers had left, and he was alone with his disciples, he explained the meaning of his stories to them.

Once he likened the kingdom of heaven to a man who sowed good seed in his field, but while he slept his enemy sowed tares among the wheat. When the grain grew the

servants asked their master if they should pull out the weeds, but he told them no for they might also pull up the wheat. "Let both grow to-—Photo by Three Lions

gether until the harvest; and in the

time of harvest I will say to the reapJesus healing the sick. Painting By Heinrich Hofmann.

ers, Gather ye together first the tares,

JULY 1957 505 Ward Teaching

The Standard.s

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENTOF THEOP TWELVETHE COUNCIL

Editor's Note In cooperation with the Presiding Bishopric, and as an aid to the ward teaching program of the Church, the ERA begins here monthly articles in which the General

Authorities will discuss ward teaching topics. These articles are written and published

with the hope that each family will read them in preparation for the visit of their ward teachers.

COMMANDMENTS of the Lord tO knew well enough that it is impos- "We consider that God has created

THEthe members of the Church consible for any man to obtain perfection man with a mind capable of instrucstitute the standards of the Church in this mortal life; but he also knew tion, and a faculty which may be

which in every respect should be that it is here that we lay the foundaenlarged in proportion to the heed obeyed faithfully. In order to obtain tion on which perfection rests. His and diligence given to the light comthe reward of exaltation in the celesremark was not limited to this world municated from heaven to the inteltial kingdom, every soul must strive in its application. Likewise when he lect; and that the nearer man

to put himself in harmony with and said, "But seek ye first the kingdom approaches perfection, the clearer are be obedient to every law and ordiof God, and his righteousness;"he his views, and the greater his enjoynance pertaining to that kingdom. In had a broader view than to apply it ments, till he has overcome the evils

a revelation given September 22 and merely to this temporal existence. of his life and lost every desire for

23, 1832, the Lord said: However, it is here that we are exsin; and like the ancients arrives at

"And I now give unto you a compected to lay the foundation which the point of faith where he is wrapped mandment to beware concerning will be strong and deep by virtue of in the power and glory of his Maker yourselves, to give diligent heed to our observance of his commandand is caught up to dwell with him.

the words of eternal life. ments. But we consider that this is a station

"For you shall live by every word We are taught that this life is a to which no man ever arrived in a that proceedeth forth from the mouth "probationary state,"one in which moment: he must have been inof God. we are to be tested to see if we will structed in the government and laws

"For the word of the Lord is truth, be worthy of salvation through obediof that kingdom by proper degrees, and whatsoever is truth is light, and ence to the divine commandments. until his mind is capable in some

whatsoever is light is Spirit, even the We are informed that at one time in measure of comprehending the pro- 1 priety, justice, equality, past, lived in the eternity the and conweSpirit of Christ."Jesus

3 sistency Eternal Father. of our of the same."There

said: his epistle in "For whopresence James

soever shall keep the whole law, and we were taught correct principles, and Again the Prophet said:

yet offend in one point, he is guilty the fact that we are here is evidence "As far as we degenerate from God, of all."This has appeared to many that we kept those commandments. we descend to the devil and lose

life earth of obediknowledge, without is the reward knowledge and it is true. saying, yet The Thisas a hard

life. Mortality saved, in that ence is an while our we cannot be and

celestial in thelaws govern which kingdom are perfect and before we advanced step in the path of eternal hearts are filled with evil, and we are

If evil, existence. true studying there can remain in our is no room we ourplace enter mustcan there we

all hearts for the vicissitudes Is under good, or studying good. which

all.selves with them in harmony A here,

find mortality, in the great not then good? we be good; you Then God

is against rebellion inperson who is life of in celestial faithful, eternal the faithful. reward if he then be you eternal canany one commandment

is is It us. to the faith assured to virtue, kingdom virtue your Add way

justified thenot cannot enter be and shall the chilknowledge, by which become we and seek for every goodcelestial kingdom. If he were perhis sons dren thing."4 of God, and daughters,mitted to do so he would take into

that kingdom confusion, and such a joint heirs with Jesus Christ, and the "We are only capable of comprefulness, that certain exist, things exaltation, will be the rehending justified.condition be cannot The 2 ward. acquire by certain may which we in the of thewords on Sermon Lord

the Mount are not idle words, "Be ye The Prophet Joseph Smith, comfixed principles. If men would actherefore perfect, even as your Father menting on the standards governing quire salvation, they have got to be

which is in heaven is perfect."He in the kingdom of God, has said: subject, before they leave this world,

*D & G 84:4345. 132:1923.2John 10:3436; Romans 8:1318. Rev. 2:7. D & C Teachingsmid., p. 217.of the Prophet, p. 51.

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Churchof

"Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me.

to certain rules and principles, which For my yoke is easy, were fixed by an unalterable decree and my burden is light."

before the world was. (Matt. 11:2930.)

"The disappointment of hopes and From]. B.a Fairbankspainting by

expectations would be indescribably dreadful."5

We must be familiar with the very apparent, for the Lord has "Wherefore, if ye believe me, ye standards before we can obey them. centered in the properly organized will labor while it is called today."13

They embrace far more than the marriage the right to the sexual relaThe Word of Wisdom is also one principles which are usually described tionship, for the family is sacred in his of the fundamental standards of the as ethics. A man may know that it eyes. Therefore, for any person to Church. It is plain enough to be

is wrong to steal and that honesty violate this divine law the punishunderstood by all members of the is a just principle without having ment must be extremely severe. Those Church, and there is in it the promise

faith in God or being obedient to his who are guilty of such a sin may think that those who observe it shall have commandments to be baptized for the they can hide it; but eventually, if wisdom given to them so that they

remission of his sins. Yet honesty it is not discovered in this life, it will will know just what the Lord means

in its strictest sense is a fundamental be revealed after, and those who are in relation to its observance. It is

standard of the Church. The experimorally unclean have no place in the the basic law and a standard to guide

ence gained in life, even among those kingdom of God. us and keep us physically, morally,

who do not understand the plan of The law of tithing is a fundamental and spiritually clean. Our mortal

salvation, may teach a man to be principle of the gospel and must rebodies were given as eternal tabertruthful, for that"other he learns any spirits. nacles will so until for our the time never main comes when We

is to course unsafe trouble and leads lose will give the they although be Lord of consethem the law may and loss of friends. Truthfulness cration. Those who cannot keep this away in the grave for a season. Theylaid

however, is a fundamental principle law will have no place in the kingdom will then come forth in the resurof the gospel. There have been peowhen it is perfected, for there only the rection to inherit such degree of glory

ples in the past, and may be even just, the honest, and obedient will as we have merited through our now, who observe the law of chastitv dwell. It is written: deeds performed in mortality.

who have no clear conception of the divine command. Chastity is a vital "Behold, now it is called today until For some reason that is far from

doctrine of the Church and is a the coming of the Son of Man, and clear, there are living persons who standard which we are taught cannot verily it is a day of sacrifice, and a maintain that the Decalogue was done be violated without dire consequences day for the tithing of my people; for away with the law of Moses. This

following, which may mean a loss of he that is tithed shall not be burned is not so. These laws existed from

eternal salvation in the kingdom of at his coming. the beginning and are eternal in their

application. this in Moreover, presthis God. has prinLord The made after the burntoday cometh dispensation ent the reiterated Lord ciple plain, very every of and member after the maning—this"For them. are that standards They must should that the the Church know

I of ner verily the say, if to observed be expect receive is speakingLord—for we this violation of of law, sight in the

tomorrow all the proud and they that the blessings of the kingdom. The the Lord is second only in its heinous

do wickedly shall be as stubble; and religious world in the main has renature to the shedding of innocent

jected some of these commandments, blood. The justice of this doctrine is I will burn them up, for I am the

Lord of Hosts; and I will not spare eD & C 64:2325.

BIhid., pp. 324325. any that remain in Babylon. (Concluded on page 538)

JULY 1957 507 LeadershipDevelopment

SUCCESS

by Elder Sterling W. Sill

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE IDEAS

Themanygreatways.scripturesThey areserveimportantus in creaseperformance.the effectiveness of our church marvelousmay have workas greatas wea choose.part in thisWe

because of the doctrine and inThe first sentence says may have any blessing for which we spiration they contain, but they also are willing to live. But many of us

serve us as a kind of "how"book for 1. r(Noic behold, a marvelous may fail to reach our maximum posour actual success. That is, they work is about to come forth sibilities simply because we do not

help us to function more effectively in among the children of men."really comprehend the overwhelming

our various assignments and responsiimportance of this "marvelous work."

bilities. The scriptures not only tell There is a danger that this idea This is the greatest and last of all

us many things to do, but they also may seem too obvious and therefore the gospel dispensations. The other

teach us how to do them more effec- a little commonplace to us who have dispensations have been wiped out tively. Success in church affairs, like become intimately familiar with the by apostasy. But we have been reall other success, is made up of several fact of the gospel's restoration. But served to be a part of the Dispensathings, including knowledge, attiin this great declaration is found the tion of the Fulness of Times, the

tudes, skills, habits, and personality very foundation of all success. dispensation that shall prepare the

traits. We can develop these more The first principle of the gospel way before the glorious second comquickly and profitably when we have is "faith,"and the first requirement of ing of the Lord. What can you think

proper direction in procedure. all success is faith. One must be a of in the world that is more thrilling

When we really focus our atten- "convert"before any real accomplishthan this single idea? How vigorous

tion upon significant ideas, they tend ment is possible. Do we really unwe should be in performing with a

to come to life in our hands and inderstand the significance of the fact correspondingly marvelous skill and fluence our accomplishment with that the gospel is again upon the devotion our part of this marvelous a power which they did not previously earth, with the power to bring about work.

possess. This phenomenon of power the exaltation of the human family? The second sentence says

prompted the question, "By what When that fact is firmly established strange law of the mind is it that an in our minds and our hearts and our ye that embark idea long overlooked and trodden uplives, then all accomplishment be- 2. "Therefore, O

on as a useless stone, suddenly sparkles comes easy. in the service of God, see

out in new light and becomes a brilNot only should we feel and underthat ye serve him with all liant diamond?"stand the tremendous importance of your heart, might, mind and

The fourth section of the Doctrine the "works,"but we should also feel strength, that ye may stand and Covenants is one of these signifiand understand the tremendous imblameless before God at the cant "success formulas"which has portance of the "worker."Sometimes last day."

great power to bring about accompeople are unable to distinguish beplishment, if it is properly understood tween the two, and they judge the When we embark in such an imand lived. Section four is made up of importance of the work by the qualportant undertaking as the work of

seven sentences, totaling one hundred ity of the lives of those who carry it God, both our Heavenly Father and fortysix words. It takes approxiforward. It has been said that somewe ourselves ought to be assured of

mately fortyfive seconds to read. But times the only bible that people read our wholesouled effort. We ought

it contains a power out of all prois the bible of our lives. to make up our minds once and for

portion to its length. all that our service will be enthusiSuppose we take each of these seven THhere is another significant impliastic, vigorous, continuous, and of

great sentences, one at a time, and -*- cation in the first sentence of high quality. Success is not made up

see what we can get from them to insection four, to the effect that we of fractional devotion or minimum

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA performance. Success does not come tite. God judges our devotion by glory of God, qualify him for

easily to one who is disabled by every our "desire"to serve, and has made the work."

little discouragement or problem; nor that the outstanding qualification. It

does it come to one who has a large is easy to lose our appetite for the Ane of the most vital qualificationsdegree of personal irresponsibility. things of God if we lack "desire.""for spiritual success is to have

What a great thrill it should give us "an eye single to the glory of God."

T ike the first sentence, this one also to hear these words: "If ye have That means concentration, to keep

*-* contains one of the great keys of desires to serve God ye are called to just one thing in our focus. When

success in any undertaking: the abilthe work."That is not only our we start to see "double"or "triple,"

ity to coordinate all of our powers opportunity; it is also the big test that we become confused, and conflict and

into one cooperative effort. This each of us must pass. We should failure are the natural results. The

involves a joint action of the heart, learn to hunger and thirst after rightscripture says, "A double minded man the mind, and the physical strength. eousness. Our greatest need is to is unstable in all his ways."(James

To serve God with all our hearts learn to want to serve God. We must 1:8.) "No man can serve two masmeans that our devotion should be desire with greater intensity. Desire ters."(Matt. 6:24.) It is easy to

concentrated and focused on that is the father of initiative, resourcefulserve God if we go all the way, all particular accomplishment. To serve ness, ambition, and all of the other of the time, under all circumstances.

him with all our might is to employ virtues. Desire is the quality that It is only when we do right things

to the utmost our determination and makes us want "to do many things part of the time and wrong things the will power. It does not mean to walk of our own free will."All other other part, that we get into trouble.

the easy pathway of vacillation and powers are inferior to "desire."Emerson said, "The one virtue in life

procrastination. To serve him with is concentration."There are no conall our mind requires a strong, positive 4. For behold the field is white flicts in consistency. We must make

mental attitude. It means study, already to harvest; and lo, he up our minds about values and direcmeditation, and firm, positive decithat thrusteth in his sickle tions, and then concentrate all of

of the questionssions each on to can't that end. our efforts We inwith his might, the same

serve with all ourvolved. him horses in well ride To very two the same

strength requires vigorous, persistent, layeth up in store that he perrace. All who have tried it have

continuous physical activity. isheth not, but bringeth salfound that sooner or later the horses

vation unto his soul. will run on opposite sides of the tree. By this process of consolidation and

joint action, one may concentrate all But a devoted singleness of purpose of the elements of personal effectiveThis is the opportunity sentence. can always be depended upon to peris one of the most productive form a miracle of accomplishment.ness into one united, powerful effort. Now

of in history times harvest the in gospel a ccntrality thereby achieveWe a is not of gleantime the world. This becomes not 6. ffRemember faith, virtue,our purpose. Our effort

only highly concentrated, but also acing or unproductivity; this is the harknowledge, temperance, pacurately directed. Psychologically vest of great abundance. Compare it tience, brotherly kindness,

speaking, such a person is all in one with the other dispensations. Noah godliness, charity, humility,

for converted 120 years and a labored piece, rather than merely being family. the disdiligence.'>> only his Even own and of manydirectionedbundle

conflicting impulses, held loosely topensation established by Jesus lasted In nature there are approximately gether by circumstances. Such a confor only a relatively short time until one hundred elements, including

solidated personality is capable of the apostles had been slain or banhydrogen, nitrogen, carbon, oxygen, maximum efficiency and accomplishished, and the prophecy of Isaiah saw iron, etc. These are nature's buildment. its fulfilment: "For behold, the darking blocks. Out of these, in the right

ness shall cover the earth, and gross combinations and proportions, nature 3. "Therefore, if ye have desires darkness the people...."But in our may fashion any of the material

to serve God ye are called to day, we have many examples of one things of the world. In human perinto bringing the Church sonality, said, there are has someone the work."missionary

in a single than more people month fiftyone elements. are kindThere

A greater success principle than Noah did in his entire lifetime. What ness, faith, knowledge, virtue, godlithis can hardly be imagined. A con- a great time to be alive! Just think ness, charity, diligence, and all of the

suming desire is the greatest qualifiof our opportunities to be "in the qualities which the Lord urges us cation for any success. "Desire is the field"at the time of such an abundant to "remember."For when these are

pilot of the soul."If our desire is harvest. May God help us that we arranged in the personality in the

strong enough, accomplishment is asmay not lack strength. right combinations and proportions,

sured. But if you don't want to do the result is what someone has called

it, you can't do it. A physician 5. "And faith, hope, charity and "a magnificent human being."The

judges physical health by the appelove, tvith an eye single to the (Concluded on page 516)

JULY 1957 509 AMERICA'S WITNESS FOR CHRIST

by Robert M. Burland

any of you lack wisdom, let him folk participating. The entire pageant Thelooks Angelover Moronithe Hillby TorliefCumorahKnaphusfrom

If ask of God, that giveth to all men takes place in the open meadow bewhich region the plates of the Book of liberally, and upbraideth not; and fore the Hill Cumorah, which serves Mormon were given to the Prophet

it shall be given him."This fifth as a stage. A date is set in August Joseph Smith.

verse from the first chapter of James for three nights during the dark of was responsible for the spiritual enthe moon, and, for about three weeks by the fact that estimated attendance lightenment of an early eighteenth prior to the first performance, Palmyra in years past has been set at 40,000 century youth, to the extent that he and vicinity begin to bustle with for one night. No exact figure is

aided in organizing a new theme in Latterday Saints. The good folk of possible because there is no admission

contemporary ecclesiastical thinking.* Palmyra open up their hearts and charge.

The young man was Joseph Smith, homes and cooperate in many ways. While the entire theme of this

and his praying in a forest grove near During the comparatively short pageant is necessarily of a theological

Palmyra, New York, led eventually time spent at rehearsal and stage setnature, this need not preclude even to the establishment of the Church ting, a prayerful attitude is mainthe hardbitten atheist from attendof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints tained by all. The work crew sets ing. To say the least, the story

(Mormon). Today this church offers up hundreds of plank benches, using presented offers opportunity for insanctuary to over a million people materials loaned by local lumber comvestigation of something different, and

throughout the world. panies. Another part of the crew no man's mind should be closed on

The history of the struggle that enlocates specific scene properties, and any subject. The best way to underveloped this religious movement from checks and rechecks lighting which stand what is being said, in any great

the beginning to this very day could is vital to a satisfactory performance. production, is by following the lines

make us wonder at the meaning of All this time, those cast in the many as the cast presents them. This is no

religious freedom. Undoubtedly there parts of the actual program are diliexception. There will be times when

are argumentative points of doctrine gently memorizing their lines and acyou feel that there is no cast, but and philosophy involved, and many tions. rather that you have slipped mysterivolumes have been written concernThe people who make up the cast ously back through the pages of hisins: these. However, there is someand production personnel are drawn tory to listen in as it all happened.

thing that might be of general matefirst from the church's missionary Gird yourself with bigotry, but you rial interest to residents of New York force, and then from members availcannot escape that feeling at some

State, especially the central region. able here in the East, and there are time during the performance.

Every summer missionaries and memalways some from Utah and points Even though the basic idea behind bers of this church stage a colorful and west. The missionary force is com- a presentation of this type is meant

spectacular pageant near Palmyra. posed mostly of young men and to be a soul stirring one, this does

it of entertainment value, Regardless of religious affiliations, women in their early twenties, who not deprive this presentation represents a marvelare serving a twoyear mission at their and the trip to Palmyra can add to a ous work to all who view the superbly own expense in an effort to spread fund of information on state history.

it. The If you take a side trip to the Joseph lighted settings and the inspired perthe gospel as they know

formances by the nonprofessional combined work of these people reSmith farm and walk out to the grove sults in a magnificent, worthwhile where it all started, you might even *Reprinted with permission from The Courier spectacle. This is further attested to become involved with a stirred soul.

1955. Magazine, June

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing; there are no catches. You can

drive up, park your car and watch from it, or you can wander around until you find a likely seat among the acres of benches. No one tries to sell

you anything, and no one will try to alter your religious interpretations.

Most of the people there will not be

Mormons. In fact, you will find it

impossible to pick out the Mormons.

There are paths and walks around the

Hill Cumorah which are interesting to explore if only for exercise. There

is a caretaker's house where you may obtain postcards and literature should ':':..: ''your curiosity become so aroused.

Air view of area including the Hill Cumorah. Above all, there are people to talk

with who are ready, willing, and capable of answering questions.

More so if you take the walk at sunever-growing crowd during twilight As summer wends its way through rise before anyone else is about. hours. You cannot avoid a sense of our varied lives, and we search conThe Hill Cumorah, which serves amazement if you happen to talk tinually for recreation and entertainas a backdrop and stage, is rather a with some of the young missionaries ment, this Mormon pageant may offer

peculiar elevation on an otherwise and discover the joy that they feel an absorbing possibility. Keep watch

level landscape. It was from this hill for the work they are doing. The of your local paper. There is nearly

that young Joseph Smith took the inimpending excitement and the atmosalways some publicity in even the scribed metal plates which he transphere that drifts from reality plague smaller publications. Dates are set

lated and compiled as the Book of you with impatience until the sky is depending on moon phases. Weather

Mormon. This scene is depicted dursufficiently darkened to start the is of small concern. The Mormons

ing the pageant with the portrayer of pageant. I have never witnessed a look back proudly on rainless perJoseph finding the plates at the exact more reverent attitude from so large formances.

spot on the hill where they are said a group as that displayed during the * * * to have been. It is told that some entire performance. It is truly reThe brilliance of "America's Witof Smith's many antagonists, who promarkable, knowing that the audience ness for Christ"is dependent upon

nounced him a liar when they heard consists of people from all walks of the eyes that see and apprehend its of his claim, went to the hill and life and representing a great variety material strength. (Its spiritual

excavated. Apparently even though of religious cultures. Whether it be strength is dependent upon the soul.)

their mouths could call a man a liar, mass hypnotism arising from superb Photographs of the actual scenes only they weren't sure in their minds. All lighting, costuming, and portrayal, or belittle their significance. Word deelse aside, geographically, Cumorah as the Mormons believe, the presence scriptions are futile. The only way to

and the gently sloping meadow at its of the Spirit of the Lord, it is indeed ascertain the worth of this annual base present an ideal situation for inspiring in any sense of the word, production is by being present on one staging and viewing this open air You need have no fear in attend- (Concluded on page 539) drama.

Following a phase of their "doctrine which provides that Christ visited this continent, and that America is blessed above all lands, the Mormons have named this pageant, "America's

Witness for Christ."It is significant

that members of the Mormon church travel many miles to attend or participate. It represents more to them than

an exhibition of talent. Either the

President or one of the twelve apostles, who represent the leadership of the church, is in attendance. Testimony meetings are held in the Sacred

Grove at the Joseph Smith farm, and

Sunday services are held in the open on the Sunday following the last performance. In spite of, or perhaps

because of, the constant vein of spirituality, it is a friendly time. Complete

strangers become as long unseen friends when you mingle with the Scene from the annual production "America's Witness for Christ.'

JULY 1957 511 GENE FULLMERAlways a Champ

by Gordon T. Allred

IMPROVEMENT ERA STAFF WRITER

On January 2, Gene doggedly slugged his way to a world championship, dethroning Rav Robinson at Madison Square Garden.

Wherever Gene goes, books on the gospel go with him.

attended to their baby daughter, in Then, at least, they won't have any the high chair. excuse if they do something wrong."

Saying the blessing, of course, is Thousands of priesthood holders no burden for Gene. Such things are have heard the exchamp discuss the

as natural for the fighting Mormon as merits of clean living. "I try to give

bag punching or rope skipping. them something more than just saying

Reverence is to Gene in life what it's bad to break the Word of Wisreflexes are to him in the ring. dom,"he says. "I like to cite statistics that will really show the

"Success,"says the formidable disadvantages."Gene emphasizes middleweight, "is a combination of

that nearly all successful pugilists things. In boxing or almost any

adhere to a health code similar to sport, it's training, the right food, in 1833. that revealed Smith to Joseph

I feel attitude. that right the and But

is there such not "They know may religion in part a big played has my as the a thing of Wisdom,"Word getting today."where me I am

the remarks, they "but Gene know

Elder Fullmer, who reigned as importance of living its principles. If

middleweight king from January 2 a fighter has the drinking or smoking to May 1, has spent nearly as much habit, he at least tries to refrain from your turn, Gene,"his wife time preaching the gospel as he has it for several weeks before a fight."

It'sreminded him. Elder Gene Fullin the canvas square. More young Aside from its primary function,

mer, former middleweight boxing men have felt the weight of his words promoting physical wellbeing, Gene champion of the world, folded his than will ever feel the force of his believes that the Word of Wisdom is fists. a powerful evidence of the Church'ssquare, hardened hands—the hands

which had hammered down rugged Gene's favorite listening audience validity. "This is something that

men, bowed his head, and blessed and probably his most ardent advery few other churches live,"he the food. mirers are the youth of the Aaronic states. "The fact that it was revealed

Looking up from the table, he Priesthood. Convinced that the to Joseph Smith a long time ago., bewinked: "We're supposed to trade younger generation is more malleable, fore doctors knew about its importoff, but I keep forgetting whose turn he says, "I like to talk to them before ance, is good evidence that the Church

it is."Delores, his wife, laughed and they become too set in their ways. is true."

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It does seem rather refreshing to Baby Kaye and find a prominent athlete publicly enDolores helped Gene dorsing a health code instead of a greet the throng of cigarette brand. umphantadmirers onreturnhis trias

Elder Fullmer's testimony is built a world champion.

not only upon good works, but also upon study and prayer. Wherever

Gene journeys, books on the gospel go with him. He read the Book of

Mormon while traveling overseas on an army troopship several years ago.

"I always take two or three gospel books when I go to a training camp,"he says. "One of my favorites is

Your Faith and You by Mark E. Petersen."

Like so many other people, Gene finds strength and serenity in prayer.

Under the tension of a pending fight, he prays for the right attitude and even for the wellbeing of his opponent. As might be supposed, he

doesn't ask to win—only to draw on

the best within himself.

Perhaps because of his high ideals, it is the contrast—theGene has never been approached to that title on the fighting; Mormon ness. Perhaps who had refused to go astray. tough, determined, prizefighter, and"throw a fight."

A guest at the stylish West Jorthe quiet, genuine father, steeped in says, As his wife Dolores racketeers fists, to a slice his sledgelike dan and home may sit down religion—the they'd"know just be wasting their of Dolores'cake, chilpineapple while the christened hands that have

time with Gene and Marv."Gene dandles their eievenmonth-old dren....

Naturally Gene has suffered tempdaughter, Kaye, with obvious pride. Doubtless the exchampion can

tation. During his sojourn with the Under such circumstances it is a bit thank more than one person for his

army in Korea, he was continually difficult to realize that one is visiting healthy outlook—first, of course, his

goaded to smoke and drink by his a recent world champion. parents. Perhaps his manager, Marv

buddies. Not long ago he received Perhaps it is just that the family Jensen, would come next. Marv, a

a letter from one of them, addressed: picture is such a wholesome one, that prominent mink rancher and former

"To Deacon Fullmer."Gene's coGene is so natural—no airs, no egohigh councilman in the West Jordan

a friendly matterof-factStake, has always set lofty standardshorts in khaki had fondly bestowed tism—just

for the lads he has trained.

During World War II, Marv had a ring in his mink yard, where neighbor kids flocked to learn the pugilistic art. Those who maintained

interest, he began < toting about to various army camps and church benefits where they could display their prowess. Marv presented sweaters to

boys who participated in four bouts and showed real desire. "He told us

we could keep those sweaters as long as we lived our religion,"Gene says.

"Anyone who broke that rule, was expected to turn his sweater in. Marv

wouldn't ask questions, we were on our honor."

One of Gene's most cherished bits of advice came from his manager:

"Beware of what you set your heart on, for surely it shall be yours."

"There's a lot behind those words,"

Gene says soberly.

From the time Elder Fullmer's parThe exchampion, Gene Fullmer, his parents, and his brother Jay. ents christened him after the famous

(Concluded on page 538) JULY 1957 513 A Record Campaign

Reflects Credit upon Every Church Unit

by A. Glen Snarr

SUBSCRIPTION DIRECTOR

Thethe Eramosthassuccessfuljust completedsubscriptionone of eachcontinued.year forThisseveralmeantyearsthat waswe weredisPercentStake andof CashMissionAwardLeadersMinimumin

campaigns since that important day actually starting the campaign three in November of 1897 when The Imthousand subscriptions "in the hole,"Stakt Percent provement Era was founded under so to speak. These Lamanite gift

the leadership of President Joseph F. subscriptions had to be replaced with South Los Angeles 324

Smith and Heber J. Grant, then of the regular subscriptions before a gain Moapa 255

General Superintendency of the MIA. could be shown over the previous Blackfoot 234

While there were many outstanding year. It is especially gratifying to reGrand Coulee 224

individual stake or mission camport, therefore, that these seeming South Blackfoot 211 paigns, it was the overall support of handicaps were overcome and subSanta Monica 208 the thousands of Era workers represcription records of the past were far Bountiful 201 senting every stake and mission of the exceeded. So, for the evidence of your Duchesne 195

Church that carried the subscription devotion to this important missionary Burbank 192 list this year to its highest point in cause, we again commend all who South Idaho Falls 189 history. More than one hundred and have participated. Reseda 188

187 Florida receive fifty families thousand now allyear the Each awards Era East Phoenix 184 several and Improvement EraThe citations stakes to twenty Church and 184 Young are regular times Era that number eight missions are leaders the who readers. The magazine's march of in total subscriptions and in percent

progress continues and this great of Cash Award Minimum. This year, Mission Perce}

"Voice of the Church,"more than because of a tie, twentyone stakes ever before, is fulfilling the missionare being honored. Presented here New England 405

ary assignment given it nearly sixty are the honor stakes and missions Eastern States 228 years ago. and their accomplishments. Southern States 199

As we review the results of the North Central States 184 campaign, Family Reading""More we Stakes and Mission Leaders in WesternCanadianStates 179176 loythe devotion, are delighted with Total Subscriptions alty, leadership, and untiring efforts of stake presidencies, mission presiStake It would be nice if the accomplishdents, and officers, bishoprics, MIA ments and records of each stake and officers, and Era 'workers throughout South Los Angeles 2409 mission could be told. Hundreds of

record entire the Church. The stake and Era directors, MIA officers, is Bountiful 1583

goals impressive. very new Many executives, leaders mission and ward

have been reached and the Era now East Los Angeles 1208 are worthy of recognition, but this has a greater potential for influencing South Idaho Falls 1164 we can give only in a general way. Bethe lives of more people than at any Phoenix 1138 cause of space limitations, only a

time in the past. Liberty 1064 few stakes and missions can be menIt can be admitted now that the Denver 1059 tioned here.

Era staff was quietly concerned about Big Horn 1046—inthe outcomefact, justof athelittle195657fearfulcampaignthat it LasSantaVegasMonica 10421034 MissionsTwentyoneReceiveStakesSpecialandHonorsEight

might not equal the campaign of the East Jordan 1030 year before. This was because we

had such a tremendous year in 1955Although the "More Family Read56, leading off with the special Los Mission ing"campaign was characterized by

Angeles Temple issue. It isn't possible general Churchwide increases, there

Southern States 2616 are many stakes and missions who, to have such a popular issue every year. Eastern States 1439 because of superior achievement, deThen, too, the Lamanite gift camWest Central States 1434 serve special recognition.

paign, which had brought in about New England 1239 New England Mission again disthree thousand "extra"subscriptions Great Lakes 1096 tinguished itself by placing higher in 514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA percent of Cash Award Minimum benefit and blessings of the homes of have been reorganized and divided at than any other mission or stake. This our good people. We have given different times to create or add to

won for New England their fifth conour time and attention to this proother stakes, but notwithstanding, secutive Special Citation, the highest gram because we know of its value in South Los Angeles continues to outaward presented each year to the the homes, and not for the purpose of class and amaze other stakes with her mission with the most outstanding making records."great efforts.

record. They also placed fourth in Congratulations, New England, on Once again it is a pleasure to contotal subscriptions, a real accomyour fine attitude and outstanding acgratulate our perennial leader, South

plishment for a small mission. They complishments. Los Angeles, for the consistency, efplaced five branches in the Hall of ficiency, and genuine loyalty maniFame. South Los Angeles fested over the years.

This year they started the camContinues to Lead Stakes To the stake presidency who paign early and completely dominated assumes the responsibility of the all other Church units in percent for WTithout doubt, the most remark campaign, to the bishops of the wards the entire campaign. New England able record in Era campaigns who have cooperated so wholewas recognized as the "Mission of the over the years is that of South Los heartedly, to the stake and ward MIA

Month"for the first four months of Angeles Stake. This was the first officers, and the many Era workers

the campaign, establishing a lead stake in the Church to set one thouwho have toiled unceasingly, go the that was never threatened. sand subscriptions as its goal. It is thanks and commendations of the

While many honors have come to the only stake in the Church that entire Era staff.

the New England Mission the past has exceeded two thousand subscripfive years because of its impressive tions, which it has done for eight Eastern States Mission Has record, citations and honors have been consecutive years. South Los AnImpressive Year

at best secondary stimulants. The geles holds the alltime record in

real reason for their attention to the total subscriptions for stakes for one For the past several years the EastEra is expressed in a letter from year—2887. ern States Mission has been inching

President Junius M. Jackson written For twentyone consecutive years, its way toward the top. This year

recently to the Era staff. He said in South Los Angeles has won a double they finished the campaign in an

part, "May I assure you it has been citation, never placing lower than enviable position, placing second in a great pleasure to enlarge the acthird in percent or totals, and has both percent and totals. They showed

ceptance of the Era throughout our been first in totals for the past fourthe greatest increase over last year mission and make possible the great teen years and first in percent for and won a quadruple citation.

messages contained therein for the eight straight years. Parts of the stake (Continued on page 525)

—Photo bit H. Armstrong Roberts

Family discussions follow group reading in the "More Family Reading"Era year.

JULY 1957 515 Seven Success Ideas

(Concluded from page 509) pay to get your family back if they ideas given by the Lord in section masterpiece of all creation, as well as were eternally lost? Try to determine four of the Doctrine and Covenants.

the greatest power in the world, is a a fair price for the priesthood, or a We should constantly remind ourchild of God at his best. godly character, or eternal progresselves that the one business of life

sion, or eternal increase. What would is to succeed. We are not placed

7. rtAsk, and ye shall receive; celestialbe your appraisalbody, a ofcelestialthe valuemind,of aa herecan onlyto wastelive ourour livesmortalityin failure.once, andWe

knock, and it shall be opened celestial personality, a chance to live this life is very brief. But if we are

unto you. Amen"forever on a celestial earth with celesunfruitful and unproductive in our

tial friends and loved ones? We may mortal stewardship, we will have all

To get all of our blessings is as even share the "profession"of God, of eternity to remember and regret.

simple as that. All we need to do is which is to bring to pass the immorThe greatest waste in the world is

to take them. All of the benefits of tality and eternal life of man. not the devastation of war; the greatthe gospel are ours for the asking, proest waste in the world is that human

vided only that we get them in time. These and a thousand other things beings, you and I, live so far below

Unfortunately, we usually don't ap-: have been provided for us. And the level of our possibilities.

preciate our blessings until we lose what do they cost us? Just "ask, and Therefore, the Lord has given us

them. Suppose that we had to pay ye shall receive; knock, and it shall these seven key ideas to guarantee

for our blessings at a price which we be opened unto you."What a thrillour success. We should get them

ourselves would gladly pay to get ing opportunity! What tremendous into our minds and hearts and musthem back once they were lost. How ideas are tied up in each of these cles as though the Lord had written

long would a billion dollars last? seven little sentences. What great them for our individual benefit, as he

What would be a fair price for spiritual wealth and power can be ours wrote on the Liahona to guide Lehi "repentance,"if you couldn't repent? if we live up to them. Try to imagine in the wilderness. Section four is a

How much would it be worth to live what a transformation there would great spindle pointing out our way.

forever in the celestial kingdom if be in our personal effectiveness if If we follow it, it will lead us to you had been consigned elsewhere? we just believed and practised the magnificent accomplishment in our

How much would you be willing to fortyfive seconds'worth of success part of the work of the Lord.

Address Presented at the Cornerstone Laying of the London Temple

{Continued from, page 502) all of us might be resurrected; why temple ties in with all that pertains

sacred and essential ordinances, obehe said baptism is necessary for all to the highest happiness and peace dience to which our Father has asmen; why marriages must be perand progress of man in time and

sured us will bring these things about. formed by the power of the Holy eternity.

We shall all go from here through Priesthood for continuance of the It is these convictions that have the door called death, and shall rise family in eternity; why other required caused our people to erect this and

through a literal resurrection, but, as ordinances are essential to man's exother temples, for specific sacred purPaul said, to different degrees of altation and highest happiness. poses. It is these convictions that

glory. (I Cor. 15:4041.) We should But these things have been withave brought us here today to lay

not want our friends to think that we nessed by the prophets of the past, the cornerstone of this Holy House.

think we are better than other men and of the present, and by the revelaAnd of this also we would bear witare. Our father loves all his children. tions of the mind and will of God. ness: that God does live in literal perAnd all men will receive a just and And if we were to reject all we cannot sonal reality; that he did make us in

generous reward for all their works. fully explain, we should have to reject his own image; and that we were

But God is a God of law and order, most of the realities, including life with him before we came here, and and he has prescribed certain comitself, for who can explain how life that it is his highest purpose to bring to pass our immortality and eternalmandments and certain required orcame to be in the first place—and

dinances. who can deny that we live? And I life, with a joyous, happy, and ever-

I cannot give you the ultimate anam willing to trust him who gave me lasting reunion with our loved ones.

swer as to why these things are so, life here, to give me life hereafter, We would witness also, that Jesus and as to why these ordinances are and to make it ever more meaningthe Christ is the divine and only beessential—why the experience of morful. As Pascal asked: "Which is the gotten Son of God the Father in the

tality is essential to eternal progresmore difficult, to be born, or to rise flesh, that he is our Savior and will sion; why Adam had to take on again?"come again as he has said.

mortality to accomplish our Father's With the sobering awareness upon These things are real to us. I never

purposes for us; why it was necessary us of what it means to bear witness knew my own father. He was taken

for our Savior to come as an atoning to other men, yet we would witness from us by an accident, when I was sacrifice; why he had to do what he here this day that these things are ten weeks old. But I watched my

did to break the bonds of death, that true, and that the purpose of this (Concluded on page 518) 516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Last year, more than 800,000 miles of products for use in the home, on the of copper wire was used to install long farm and in industry.

distance and local telephone circuits in By being aware of the special needs our state. That's enough wire to reach of each of its customers, and by satisfyfrom the earth to the moon four times! ing them, Kennecott is able to compete

The copper for this wire was prowith other producers of copper and duced by Kennecott in Utah and sold operate successfully. And in the long

in the shape of 250pound wire bars. run successful operations make a direct

This is just one shape produced by and important contribution to Utah's

Kennecott's refinery to meet the needs prosperity.

of its customers. They result in millions of dollars

In addition, the refinery casts copper spent annually in Utah on payrolls, supinto cakes, billets, ingots and slabs. ply purchases and tax paymentsmillions

These different shapes serve Kennecott's of dollars that circulate throughout the customers by helping them to operate state and help bring better living to more efficiently in making a wide variety thousands and thousands of Utahns.

Utah Copper

Division Kennecott Copper Corporation

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah'

%!mmm*maMmimmmmm.mi>!mmv* <*K>3ffle;*5>

JULY 1957 517 Address Presented at the Cornerstone Laying of the London Temple (Concluded from page 516) May God bless you—bless us all (Concluded from page 503)

sainted mother rear nine of us, facing with his peace and protection, and the "I have a husband and two children.

guidance of his Spirit, and with an An hour ago we had a home. It waslife full of faith, and never doubting

of time, passing of the swift awareness comfortable and warm. my Nowindeed, knowing that she would somerealities of eterlimitless and of the babies are frightened You and cold.

day gently step through the door of nity, as we all seek our way back to had us chased like animals!"

death, and find him waiting there, our Father's presence, from whence The man's face darkened. "I supand that they two would walk towe came, I pray in the name of our pose that fine husband of yours knows

gether always and forever. beloved Lord and Savior. Amen. what it is to take care of you! He

has been gone for eighteen months, preaching that religion of his to the

Indians."His voice softened. "Mary,

this isn't for you. What is this craziness of yours? Why have you allied

yourself with these people?"

There was a crackle of underbrush, and a voice spoke. "Sister Wharton,

we came as soon as we knew you were having trouble. Is this man bothering

you?"Mary's voice faltered for a moment;

then she said. "No! This is my

brother. He has come to take me

back to my parents."

The men looked at one another, then one of them spoke. "In that

case, I guess you won't be needing us,

Sister Wharton. Come on, men, we

might as well go back."They turned

and began to walk away..

Mary called quickly. "But you are

wrong, I do need you."She turned

A Revolutionary New Electronic Development to her brother and said, "I am sorry,

Adds Magnificent Tonal Dimension To Baldwin Organs Stan. When I made my decision to

Now after years of intensive research in the by many strings vibrating in unison. This, join this Church, it was a permanent

Baldwin Electronic Laboratories...a new diessentially, is the new dimension that the one. Nothing you can do will disin created. mension sound has been So great Choratone adds to the Baldwin Organ. suade me. This gospel is bigger than

it in beautifully scope... so in tone... warm

results in a rainbow of additional overtones Completely Electronic—Easily the little sacrifices I have to make.

around Baldwin's authentic organ tone. Installed On Any Baldwin Organ It is much more important than life

At Cost Modest itself."voice Her choked, she and In Important Most Advance Organs

is elecProjector Choratone completely The Since lifted The Invention and Of The her into baby her tronic installed in operation, and is of stooped

Electronic Organ! arms. for stood She amplification the to system any a moment, poised model—fromas part

as Hailed an outstanding in multiachievement the versatile Spinet to the Orgasonic Organ uncertainly, then abruptly she turned naural projection, sound Chorathe Baldwin larger Organs. If Baldwin a you already own

tone Projector brings new horizons of beauty Baldwin Organ, you may have this unit inand walked away through the underto organ music. To illustrate the effect simply, stalled at modest additional cost, or if you are brush.

compare the sound of the string section of an considering the purchase of an organ, you owe orchestra with that of a single violin. When a it to yourself to hear the exclusive tonal advantone is played on one violin, you hear just the tages that the Choratone Projector offers. Your

sound of one tone; but with a complete section Baldwin dealer will gladly arrange financing if

of strings, a full dimensional effect is created desired. Write now for free literature.

The Baldwin Piano Company, Bldg. T-2, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

OLD MAN IN SUMMER ialfrttrinPIANOS ORGANS By Pansye H. Powell

America s first family in music pACH day he totters out

To watch the sputtering motorboats and think, To feel the sunlight soothing on his shoulder blades, And hear earth's unerring cycle ticking on:

Sunup and noon and evening shadows lingering—

Subscribers who wish to bind the 1956 volume of their ERA are informed And then the sharp reminder of the night!

that the annual index is still available from 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 16, Utah 518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My Pledge

to you,

In my Conoco Service Station,Mr.Motorist

your friendship is my most important asset.

Naturally, I want to do everything possible to make your driving easier, safer, and more enjoyable.

That's why Vm proud to feature Conoco Royal Service!

Every time you drive in, I pledge to:

1. Give you prompt attention I'm sure you'll find Conoco Royal Service cheerful,

and friendly personal service. thorough, and considerate of your time. I've found

it's the kind of service folks appreciate and come back 2. Clean your windshield. for... regularly!

3. Keep my rest rooms clean. ingI'mNewproudConocoof myRoyalfine GasolineConoco Products,with TCP*too,plusincludand

And, whenever you have the time, I will Conoco allseason Super Motor Oil. And, if you want

to make your vacation a real driving pleasure, see me 4. Check battery, oil and water. for your free copy of TOURAIDE... America's finest

auto travel guide. It's a Conoco exclusive!

5. Safety check all your tires.

6. Sweep your floor mats clean. CONOCO

1957, Continental Oil Company *Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company... at your nearbyYConoco Dealer's!Get ConOCO ROYAL Service

JULY 1957 519 Red Letter Days on Time's Calendar

(Continued from page 498) Britain was held on Christmas day, the River Ribble, about thirty miles 1837, in Preston, The Cockpit where from Liverpool. they met was a spacious auditorium

Upon arriving in Preston, Joseph generally used for cockfights. About

Fielding, of the party, called on his three hundred Saints were assembled.

brother, the Reverend James Fielding, Many others for miles around Preston who was the pastor of a congregation had joined the Church but were unfrGteet (pal there. The missionaries were well able to be present.

received and were permitted to preach The next decisive step in establishin the Vauxhall Chapel to a large ing the Church in Britain was taken congregation on the Sunday followas a result of a revelation to the ing their arrival. Prophet Joseph Smith, now section

Space will not permit a detailed 118 of the Doctrine and Covenants.

account of the growth of the Church In this revelation, John Taylor, John in Britain, but the reader will find a E. Page, Wilford Woodruff, and Wilcomplete record in the history of the lard Richards were called to fill

Church, the Millennial Star, A Cenvacancies in the Council of the tury of Mormonism in Great Britain Twelve. The Lord said, "And next

UXHrtatS, by Richard L. Evans, and other spring let them depart to go over the

Church publications. great waters, and there promulgate

There was opposition to the mismy gospel, the fulness thereof, and sionaries and their work from the bebear record of my name.

bWccfs ginning, but in spite of that many "Let them take leave of my saints were responsive to their message and in the city of Far West, on the

INSTALL thein thefirstRiverbaptismalRibble serviceon Sunday,was heldJuly twentysixththe buildingspotday ofof myAprilhouse,next,saithon 30, 1837, when nine persons were the Lord."(D & C 118:4-5.)

immersed in the presence of several When the place and date designated thousand people assembled on the in this revelation became known, banks of the river to witness the ununfriendly neighbors undertook to usual openair ceremony. (See Whitthwart the purposes of the Lord and SUPEKEMR ney's Life of Heber C. Kimball.) One make it impossible for the members

CLOJET LINING hundred years later President Heber of the Twelve to start from that spot

T*<M MM* il M.1*.*- J. Grant, J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Richard on their journey pursuant to the

R. Lyman, and Joseph J. Cannon, commandment.

Now...you can have the beauty who was then president of the British While it was not usual for a defiand protection of;edctr iined Mission, and Hugh B. Brown held a nite date and place for a future event

closets—easily, quickly and econservice on the banks of the River to be given by revelation, the dauntomically. Anyone who can drive Ribble near the spot where the first less leaders and valiant Saints of the

Super- a nail can install Brown's cedar. Nails directly to open service was held. Hundreds of peoChurch determined that the word of

studding or over old wood and ple on this occasion assembled to the Lord should be carried out. Mobplaster. Line any closet in your commemorate the event. ocrats had sworn that this was one

in..build house. a "cedar room"of revelations"rapid Smith's which growth The the Church of "Joe

attic or your save basement and is in the not from beginning But early be fulfilled. by the would shown costs. clean, outon storage The

doors aroma makes clothes smell fact that five months after the arrival the morning of April 26, 1839, Brigfresh and good! Supercedar has of these three missionaries the first ham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Orson

100% cedar oil content, availconference of the Church of Jesus Pratt, John Taylor, and John E. Page

in able easyto-use sealpacked Christ of Latterday Saints in Great met at the designated spot. Others

foot bundles, 8 4 and tongue and grooved for fast, airtight instalof the Council were unable to be lation. Plan now to enjoy the present, but Wilford Woodruff and

luxury of Supercedar! George A. Smith, having been reSUNSET cently ordained apostles, joined the others, and this made seven or a maBy Edna Hamilton jority of the Council in attendance,

together with ninety members of the bronzered Deautiful ball Church, and thus the word of the sinking... slowly sinking

behind the dark, dark timber line of fir Lord was vindicated and shortly

MORRISONMERRILL streamingtrees, gold across the calm lake waters. forthereafterGreat membersBritain. of the quorum left

preparations being were When the fluttering of the silvery birch and &CO. All's quiet, save the cricket's cheery song leaves. the British Mission, for opening made

Building Material Distributors there was raging one of the bitterest

(Continued on page 522) 520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Co/rte OK '*/.

the Service is Fine!

Brushing out your car is one of those extra gestures of hospitality that explain why people say "the service is fine"at Phillips 66 Stations.

You'll like the friendliness and courtesy of your Phillips 66 Dealer.

You'll like the conscientious way he cleans your windows all the way around. You'll like his clean rest rooms. You'll appreciate the way he

checks your tires, battery and radiator. To Phillips 66 Dealers,

"Hospitality on the Highway"means much more than just selling gasoline and motor oil. It means pleasing you.

Your Phillips 66 Dealer believes that in the service he gives, as well as in the products he sells, "It's Performance that Counts."Drive in

to his station soon.

Phillips Petroleum Company -

Stop at Phillips 66 Stations for HOSPITALITY ON THE HIGHWAY

JULY 1957 521 During his labors there he was visRed Letter Days on Time's Calendar ited by President Brigham Young and

Dr. Willard Richards, and it was

(Continued from page 520) hundred sixty members of a sect here that John Benbow, to become and most severe persecutions in the known as the "United Brethren."One noted in Church history, was bapChurch's history. chapel and fortyfive other houses litized. It was he who advanced the

Indicative of the divine guidance of censed for religious service were placed first three hundred pounds to print these early missionaries, and of the at his disposal. During the next eight the first British edition of the Book

fact that the soil had been prepared months some eighteen hundred souls of Mormon.

for the gospel seed, is the success atwere brought into the Church through tained by Wilford Woodruff, later baptism, including two hundred During the year 1840, a majority to become President of the Church in preachers of various denominations. of the twelve apostles were in Eng1840. During the first thirty days The work of Wilford Woodruff cenland. They convened in quorum

after his arrival in Hertfordshire, he tered at that time in Hertfordshire, capacity and held a conference in the baptized fortyfive preachers and one Gloucestershire, and Worcestershire. Cockpit at Preston, Lancashire.

The missionaries were busy publishing and distributing the Book of

Mormon, tracts, and hymnbooks.

They held regular meetings, baptized hundreds of people, organized branches of the Church, and ordained men to the priesthood. The threemonths period from April to July

1840 is known as the busiest and most successful in the history of the

British Mission. Another conference

of the Church was held in Carpenters

Hall, Manchester, on the sixth of

July, 1840.

The Millennial Star became the official publication of the Churchin

England in May 1840, with Parley

P. Pratt as editor. It has the longest

record of continued publication of any periodical in the Church, and many of the General Authorities of the Church have served as its editors.

During these early days the gospel was also carried to Scotland, Ireland,

Wales and the Isle of Man, and from these countries of the have come many Finest gasoline, motor oil, leaders of the Church. David McKay

(father of President David O. McNibley and Charles came Kay) W.

Callis Charles from Scotland; A. from fuel oil and other

Ireland; Presidents John Taylor,

petroleum products in 48 years. GeorgeCharles Q.W.Cannon,Penrose;JohnEldersR. Winder,George

Teasdale, James E. Talmage, George

Reynolds, Brigham H. Roberts, John

leaders of the Church who were You expect more from Wells,the and John Longden are among born in England. Wales gave the

.. came leader of the Tabernacle Choir and get it! Utoco. Church Evan Stephens, who beand composer of many favorite LDS

anthems; also Dan Jones, who became

a close associate of the Prophet and was with him the night of his martyrdom. He later did a wonderful work

in Wales, where hundreds were brought into the Church and numerous branches were organized. Also,

most of the present General Authori-

(Continued on page 524) 522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little reachers wuess what and nibblers...

Call eat without spoiling their appetites!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams THE Available in oneand twopound packages.;/2*&

...because they're made with rich graham flour

and pure honey! Perfect for between -meal snacks!

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams haven't spoiled an appetite yet! Conveniently scored to snap into two bitesize pieces

(less crumbs). And for longlasting crispness... they're GRAHAMS wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets. Bring home some today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

JULY 1957 523 Red letter Days on Time's Calendar

(Continued from page 522) ties of the Church trace their lineage back to the British Isles.

Church—exceptingEight of the nine onlypresidentsthe Prophetof the

Joseph Smith—have labored in or

presided over the British Mission, and twentysix men, who were at various times members of the Council of the

Twelve, have presided there. The

European and British Mission were under one presidency until the year 1928 when, by appointment from the

First Presidency, Elder A. William

Lund became president of the British

Mission to preside under the direction of the European Mission president,

Dr. John A. Widtsoe. President Lund

THE was followed in turn by James H.

PERFECT SALAD DRESSING Douglas, Joseph J. Cannon, Hugh B.

Tang has a fresher flavor... a Brown, Selvoy J. Boyer, Stayner

smoother taste... a bit of a nip Richards, A. Hamer Reiser, and Clifthat accents the finest in salads ton G. M. Kerr. Others were apand seafoods. "Not too mild, not pointed as acting mission presidents

perfect compliment... a tart"too during periods of war, notably A. K.

in meal. to Enjoy Tang any

sandwiches and dips, too. It's Anastasiou.

a family favorite. In the early days of the British

Mission there was considerable opIf it's NALLEY'S it's Good! position and some persecution which

persisted down to and including

World War I, but there was a noticeable change after 1918, and today the

Latterday Saints are well and favorspecially for your.. ably known throughout the British

Isles. There are at present sixtyfive

buildings in Great H Churchowned

Britain. Through the years a total

of 7,124 missionaries have labored in the British Isles where 128,852 converts have become members of the

Church, 56,767 of whom have emigrated to America, as officially recorded. In the fourteen districts and

nineteen branches now organized there are 9,850 members and 175 fulltime missionaries. The LDS servicemen who were stationed in England

during World War II (and there were thousands of them), made many friends and helped to allay prejudice.

Since the recent tour of President

David O. McKay and the Tabernacle

Choir, when ground was broken for a temple in England, the attitude of

British people toward the the Church < pee,|, ion friendly. tolerant and is more On

COFFEE ofMaythe11,Council1957, Elderof theRichardTwelve,L. Evanspresided at the ceremony of laying the SHOP cornerstone of the temple, the first

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager into betheerectedBritishinCommonwealth.England and the third

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Indicative of how times have changed, it is noted that on his first trip to England Brigham Young spent twentyeight perilous days oil the water. The same trip can now be

made in nine hours or less.

We commemorate the one hundred twentieth anniversary of the opening of the British Mission, which, like the restoration of the gospel, was the culmination of long and thorough preparation. The rich harvest, which is

still being garnered, attests the inspiration of those soil prepared the who COOL! QUICK! NO BAKING OR COOKING othersand all planted who and

watered. He who gives the increase MADE WITH

knew the end from the beginning THE MILK and overruled all to conform to his THAT WHIPS calendar of events. MORNING MILK

The restored gospel is not only a direct result of all this worldwide STRAWBERRY PIE preparation, but also the Church is (Makes single crust 9"pie) the Lord's chief agency in preparing 1 ViV* cupcupssugarfresh sliced 3A cup undiluted MORNING for the greatest of all world events. strawberries MILK

The celestial clock will soon strike 1 3-oz. pkg. strawberry V* cup lemon juice

again to signal the beginning of the Combinegelatinsugar with sliced strawberries. Dissolve gelatin9inchin hotcrumbwater. Coolpie crust*gelatin to

soft in refrigerator until tray untilmillennium, when Jesus the Christ thickenedcrystals formandaroundsyrupyedgesconsistency.of tray (aboutChill Morning1520 minutes).Milk Milk Whip Morning

will rule and reign as King of kings stiff (about 1 minute). Add lemon juice and whip rery stiff (about 2 minutes longer).

and Lord of lords during one thouFoldcrust.cooledChill gelatinuntil firmand(aboutstrawberries2 hours).into whipped Morning Milk. Spoon into crumb

sand years of universal peace. and*For2 crumbtablespoonscrust, sugar.mix VALinecupssidesgrahamand bottomcrackerofcrumbs9inch withpie plate.Vt cup melted butter

NOTE: A 10 or 12ounce package of frozen strawberries may be

used in place of fresh berries and sugar.

A Record Campaign

(Continued from page 515) The Southern States Mission led all

Church units in total subscriptions, the only unit besides South Los Angeles to exceed two thousand subscriptions. Divisions and reorganizations

have not noticeably interrupted Era campaigns in the Southern States Mission, a double citation winner for many years. GooG$&>* p Uc Duchesne, the Surprise Stake

of the Year rje preset Among the new citation winners To this year is a stake that has been Be ciut\J of veryheard little—if any—in Era ComunttlJ of the past.campaigns ses For many

years Duchesne Stake has been near Vtvcte* the bottom of the list. Until thisyear they had not reached the Cash $<&& S**S*

Award Minimum since 1952 and even then they placed near the bottom.

In 1955 only one stake (and that one has a language problem) placed lower than did they. In 1956 they climbed

a little and were listed in 180th posiAsk your nearby agent about tion in percent. MUTUAL OF

After getting a year's experience, Fire, Auto and Comprehensive ENUMCLAWthe newly appointed stake Era diInsurance INSURANCE rectors decided it was time for (Continued on following page) NO MEMBERSHIP OR JOINING FEES - Home Office: Enumclaw, Washington

JULY 1957 525 A Record Campaign ofto Fame.near theFromtop innexttwoto yearsthe bottomis an

(Continued from preceding page) encouraged ward and stake officers unequaled record of achievement in

Duchesne Stake to fill the assignment to support this important missionary recent Era campaigns.

given by the past several presidents effort. It was not an easy task by Other Citation Winners

of the Church, that of placing the any means, but the record indicates magazine in every possible home. their success. A look at the citation list reveals

With personal testimonies of the good Duchesne had to climb over, so to many familiar names. Among the

they were accomplishing, they orspeak, almost every stake in the repeat winners are South Los Angeles, ganized campaigns in each ward, perChurch to place among the leaders Moapa, Bountiful, Blackfoot, East Los sonally accounting for many of the this year. But that they did and Angeles, South Idaho Falls, South

subscriptions that were secured. They placed eighth in percent, had the Blackfoot, Santa Monica, Liberty, Big

made posters, presented skits, gave largest gain in percent and totals Horn, Las Vegas, East Jordan, and direction and leadership, wrote perover last year to win a triple citation, Florida. Among the missions, all are

sonal letters to nonsubscribers and and qualified five wards for the Hall repeats except Great Lakes, who displaced Central States. Newcomers to

the winning circle this year are

Young, East Phoenix, Reseda, Burbank, Duchesne, Denver, Phoenix, and Grand Coulee stakes. Some of

these are relatively newly organized stakes, such as Reseda, Grand Coulee,

Burbank. Others such as Young,

Phoenix, and East Phoenix have returned after several years'absence.

Three of these stakes, Moapa, Blackfoot, and Grand Coulee—qualified all their for wards the Hall of

Fame. South Los Angeles qualified

nine out of twelve, South Blackfoot and Duchesne had five of eight qualify by securing subscriptions equal to ninety percent or more of the families on record. In all, there were more than

one hundred wards and one hundred mission branches that reached the Hall of Fame, the highest recognition given to wards or branches.

Several stakes are conspicuous because of their absence from the citation list this year. Long Beach, a

citation winner for twenty consecutive years, missed a citation by ten subscriptions. They sent in over one

thousand subscriptions, but that

Coach? Nurse? Engineer? Scientist? wasn't quite enough. This number

would have qualified them for a citation in any past year but not in this recordbreaking campaign. Central Wkat 15 uour States Mission also had a very suc- y aoaf i?

cessful campaign, exceeding the one

Graduates of Brigham Young University are in demand thousand mark but narrowly missing over the nation because of their superior training not only top honors. Two other perennial

in their academic fields but also in preparation for life. winners not seen among the citation

An outstanding faculty and finest college equipment in stakes for the first time in many years more than 60 departments prepare students for tomorrow's are Los Angeles and Union stakes.

leadership in hundreds of important vocations and proNevertheless, they did not miss by fessions. Get your education the Y's way. Plan NOW to very far and posted records of which

attend autumn quarter. For information write Public they can be proud.

Services at—

Remarkable as this year's accomplishments were, there is an almost universal feeling which has prompted BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY expressions such as: "We could have

PROVOUTAH done more,"or "Just wait 'till next year."This is indeed a healthy sign.

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We have been reminded many times Cannon; articles by General Authori- 2. To be the interpreter in gospel

that "Success is never final."Records ties, written especially for the Era; a terms of world events.

are made to be broken, and we look fun section on the scriptures; and 3. To keep the readers abreast of

confidently to the future. many other articles, stories, and secincreasing knowledge.

tions that will interest and delight 4. To supply the entertainment

60th Anniversary Campaign every member of the family. that comes from stories, poetry, and

art. its sixtieth will begin soon Era The for next year campaign The Era

of to service the Church. is year The Church has large numbers of The

to referred as "the beingalready greatest."This is the sixtieth annifuture is bright with new plans, yet gifted, trained members with stories

to objectives will to thoughts worthwhile general tell and the same sound it, our year.versary To celebrate

express. their skills this great missionto guide and with continue With

offered subscribers are being150,000 ary magazine as they have since its the help, inspiration, and guidance of "The Greatest Era in Sixty Years."beginning. These objectives as outthe servants of the Lord, the Era will

Never before has the magazine the in year briefly A. more even ahead lined Elder Widtbecome by John for special featuresplanned as many

in its mission are: unique "a magazine years soe ago many

year.one its 1. service."in great of the and the be Church. Voice To its 60th in November, Beginning

birthday, the Era will take on a completely "New Look."The front cover

will be totally redesigned and similar treatment will be given the entire magazine. A few of the prominent www

physical changes that will be put into 1 1 rf IffII IPeffect are: less type on the pages, niiririflL

better illustrations, improved layouts, better engravings, and better printing. This year should see the Era

become the bestlooking Church HI4AND HMAHDl magazine in the world.

The really exciting thing about the

Era's sixtieth year is its editorial content. Many "bonus"features are being added and at no extra price to HiLandkeeps youlowtrim.calorie Skim HiLandmilk for Regular—thethe just rights.perfect cream—extraHiLand Extra Richnourishment.with extra

the regular subscriber. The first of

several such features will come in

November when the Era will present on an eightpage fullcolor insert reLoY tette/t fo&aft# productions of the fabulous Cody (Wyoming) chapel murals. These

murals, painted by the famous artist,

Edward Grigware, depict events of in history way. a most dramaticLDS brief HEALTH PROPORTIONED MILKS will be by a accompaniedThey

account of the historical highlights illustrated. This one feature will be

worth the price of a full year's subUtah's high mountain valleys scription and will make the November areHiLandthe homehealthof proportionedthe exclusive 1957 issue one of the best, for missiondairy products. There's a

ary and teaching purposes, ever pubHi-Landmilk for healthevery proportionedhealth and lished. diet need.

Other "bonus"items will include:

A series of articles for youth and pariAuihgAi ents, written by W. Cleon Skousen,

eminent Church author, educator, 35 and law enforcement officer, with ilDEXSEl"ASSERT fj lustrations by worldrenowned artist uiiiiuuiimjif

Arnold Friberg of "Ten CommandHere's a new HiLand treat HiLand low calorie cottage ments"fame; Priesthood and WomanVanilla,...low caloriechocolatefrozenordessert.strawcaloriecheese—control.delicious way for

hood articles by Leah D. Widtsoe; berry. Look for the girl on the scales.

Leadership Development, a series calorieShe identifiesfrozen dessert,HiLand'scottagelow written by Elder Sterling W. Sill; encheese and skim milk—the

richment material for all Church famhealthfuldiet in balanceway to keepand youryour ilies on the ward teachers'messages, weight under control.

written by various of the General

Authorities; articles for teenagers by

the nationally known writer Elaine

JULY 1957 527 Melchizedek Priesthood

Use of Committees in

PRIESTHOOD REACTIVATION

At ingsthe topriesthoodbe held in leadershipall stakes duringmeeteternalis not completelife. Priesthooduntil thereactivationinactive principlesmittees for governingreactivationthepurposesuse of comwill

the third quarter of 1957, the brother has received the Melchizedek apply.

brethren are going to discuss the part Priesthood and been sealed to his which quorum committees play in family in the temple. Why Have Committees?

priesthood reactivation. There are, of course, three standing

Then in every stake, the members committees operating in every properAlmost no work of importance in of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood ly organized Melchizedek Priesthood the Church is ever undertaken until committees are expected to train both quorum: it has been considered by a committhe quorum presidencies and the quo- 1. Personal welfare committee tee. In a sense, the First Presidency

rum committees, at the regular stake 2. Church service committee is a committee; the same is true of

priesthood leadership meetings, in 3. Fact finding and reporting the Council of the Twelve, of the

how quorum committees can be used committee stake presidency, of the ward bishopeffectively in priesthood reactivation. ric, of the quorum presidency. When

Now what part do quorum commitPages 30 to 38 of the Melchizedek several brethren of varied experiences tees play in priesthood reactivation? Priesthood Handbook outline the obconsult together on a program, the

How can they be used to get inactive jectives and fields of action of these probability is that a wiser and more brethren started on the path of recommittees and show their relationworkable arrangement will result newed Church activity? Are the ship to the quorum presidency. Memthan if only one person has opporcommittees in the quorums of your bers of stake Melchizedek Priesthood tunity to put his views forward. Thus

stake organized and functioning so committees, quorum presidencies, and the work of the ministry itself is done that much of the load is lifted from standing quorum committees should more wisely and effectively through the shoulders of quorum officers? so virtually commit these pages to memconsultation and united effort than

that more persons are being led along ory. But what is more important, by individuals. "... in the multitude

the path of service and increased they could carry out their respective of counsellors there is safety."(Prov.

spirituality? parts in the priesthood program in 11:14.)

It should be remembered that the conformity with the policies and proFurther: The Church programs are

first objective of priesthood reactivacedures therein set forth. not designed just to get work done,

tion is to get a Church assignment for Although the work with senior to get assignments filled. They are

each adult brother. After a brother members of the Aaronic Priesthood designed to make the priesthood operbegins to work in the Church, after does not call for, and under present ate in the lives of those who hold it,

he begins to give of himself to the circumstances does not warrant, the to lead men along the paths of servcause, then he can be led along the organization of these committees in ice and righteousness so that they as path of temporal and spiritual proquorums of senior members, yet from individuals will be heirs of salvation.

gression, then he can be prepared for time to time special task committee The Church programs are designed to temple marriage and gain the hope of assignments will be made, and the give experience and the privilege of 528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA service to Church members so that man and not the assignment. Every are drawn up. Do not divide the

they will thereby grow in faith and Church project contains opportunities quorum into three groups and put gain peace in this life and eternal life to bring an inactive brother into the all members on those committees, but in the world to come. Quorum comwork, which when finished may have have committees of a workable size.

mittees provide opportunities for servbeen the key to his return to activity. 2. Some unassigned and inactive

ice in the ministry of the Master. It is more important who is assigned brethren themselves may be included

to the work than the time of its comon each standing committee, thus

Principles of Committee pletion. using each committee itself as a reAdministration 5. No leaders have the right to activating tool. There will be a

make the decision for a quorum memtendency not to include a nonworker.

In many quorums the following ber as to whether or not he will acResist it. Instead, put him on with

principles have been helpful in giving cept an assignment. This decision some active brethren and then get

a proper perspective to the operation must be made by the member conhim to work.

of quorum committees: cerned each time there is a possible 3. Get approval of the quorum for

1. A quorum presidency has only a project. Committee chairmen must the committee appointments.

ingive each matter no man, how in ofcertain time any week amount 4. calls of the presidency member A to active, serve, opportunities many Itto work. cannot spend on quorum listed to personally the brethren on

is constantly response the even though alonecarry than the load any more of the serve on which committee he negative. bishopric everything cana do ward

is invites to the chairman and them 6. of program quorum made up A itself. ain by ward of the committee. meeting Let them projects have which quorum many 2. those brethren, Active working that they sustained have been know three standing originated the by been positions stakein not do and ward in of position the the the vote by the committees by and nonmanned attention as from quorumneed much quorum.

is inactive the brethren assigned and do.officers inactive as brethren

Normally it is no problem to get acideal to be reached. 5. Standing committees are plantive brethren to partake of the fra- 7. The most satisfying projects in ning groups. When the committee

ternalism and blessings of the quorum. quorum work usually come from the meets, it should plan its work for a

3. Quorum presidencies find it plans and activities originated by the year. See that the committee memmore profitable to spend most of their quorum committees. bers do most of the talking and sugChurch service time with inactive and gesting. Keep within the objectives

unassigned brethren. Organizing Quorum Committees set by the Melchizedek Priesthood

4. Too often the project, the work Handbook.

to be done, is thought of as more Many quorum presidencies have 6. Dovetail your plans with those

important than the men who do it, found the following procedures highly of the other two committees when so the work is assigned to those who effective in organizing their quorums: you hold your next presidency meetwill do it with less urging, those who 1. In the regular weekly meeting ing.

are already in service. In reality the of the quorum presidency, three lists 7. Then get quorum approval of

emphasis should be placed on the of names for the three committees the whole program.

8. Now call a committee meeting

to arrange to implement the initial events through task committees.

Operating through Task Committees

Suppose the Church Service Committee has planned a dance for October 30. That committee then appoints

"task"or "sub"committees from unassigned and inactive members of the quorum. For instance:

Job Number

Hall 2 Orchestra 2 Refreshments 3 Program 2 Invitations 2 Tickets 4 Transportation 2 Reception 4 Clean Up 8 -A Lambert Photo (Concluded on page 539)

JULY 1957 529?ftMlB fl as * Presiding

Designation of Steward One of Honor for Teachers SelfDiscipline

has frequently rePresident McKay was of prominence. a man Jesus of the of fundamentals suc- /Jne 1 ferred to dignified teaching the office as ward a when he told the -7 cess in the ward teaching prostewardship and to ward teachers as parable of the "unjust steward."gram is discipline. In the sense that

stewards. Some ward teachers fail to (Luke 16:1-8.) Paul classified the it is needed in this work, discipline

realize how complimentary this apbishop as the steward of God. (Titus does not mean personal subjugation

pellation really is. This is because a 1:7.) Peter designated all Christians or obedience by compulsion. Neither

steward is sometimes mistakenly as the "good stewards of the manifold does it mean punishment in any form.

thought of as a servant performing grace of God."(I Pet. 4:10.) It is a conquest of self. In this promenial tasks. The designation of In the Doctrine and Covenants the gram there are difficult things that

steward was originally applied to ofLord made reference to the terms must be done whether we like it or ficials in households of royalty. In steward and stewardship fifty times. not. Discipline trains leaders and

this position they were classified as On each occasion he encouraged ward teachers to accept the responsinoblemen. They were considered stewards to be wise and faithful in bility of doing the less pleasant tasks

men of great influence. the discharge of their duties. He with the same fervor that is exhibited

The steward was responsible for warned those who were wicked and when doing more pleasant work.

the management of servants, the pronegligent of their need to render a This quality of character is better vision and dispensation of supplies, more faithful accounting; otherwise, known as selfdiscipline. It includes

the collection of money, the expendithey were to be cut off. the habit of cheerfully undertaking

ture, of funds entrusted to his care, imposed tasks in compliance with teachers should Ward not only conthe and complete of the management rules and regulations, it sider whether a privilege to made be designated affairs of lord. his In instances many by one's self or others. by as Selfdisci- stewards also but a distinct honor.

all transacted he legal financial and pline does not to yield Faithful postponement teachers ward are noblemen for his work employer. short, In he dillydallying. and It consists of in of doing high rank a royal household. the was custodian of and guardian today the things we bear the be should know They priesthood of God.

. the goods, moneys, and property enis It today. done the faithful Peter fitting gave a perdescription of trusted to his him by for master, of formance duty. Selfdiscipline these in them words: which he was expected to render supplies the type of training which faithful accounting. makes us conscientious But ye are a chosen generation, a royal and improves

In the Meridian of Time, a steward priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar peothe quality of our work. It teaches us

to face difficulties and disappointments courageously and to persevere stedfastly. It increases our capacity

SUNSHINE TO SNOW to achieve.

pie; that ye should shew forth the praises

of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. (I Pet. 2:9.)

While ward teachers are not given the custody of material substance, they are entrusted with something far more precious in the sight of God—

the souls of men, women, and children assigned to their guardianship. They

should not overlook the fact that as stewards of old were expected to render an accounting, they, too, will be required to make a complete report of their stewardship at some time before the Lord. It will be a happy

day for those who have been stedfast.

Maricopa (Arizona) Stake honored members of the Aaronic Priesthood with 100 percent It will be a day of sorrow for those attendance records by taking them to the mountains north of Flagstaff. Some of these who have wavered in the performance

young men saw snow for the first time. of duty.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page

Challenging Record

Study Guide for Ward Teachers July 1957

Obey the Law!

world to the Saints have declared years Latterday a hundred than more For Because the law."sustaining obeying, and in honoring, believe that "we

of this definite statement of our belief, which is accepted without reservation by every true Latterday Saint, and because such action indicates the highest type of citizenship in any nation, every member of the Church should take pride in obeying the law in every respect.

Those who obey the law bring honor, credit, and respect not only to themselves, but also to the Church in its entire membership.

Those who violate the law discredit not only themselves, but the Church

Melvin J. Ward as well.

law, the sustain and honor, obey, should citizen every good While iii present Melvin who J. Ward, We proudly religion; of our part It is a leaders and exemplars. be should Saints Latterday of attendance record a perfect maintained

at priesthood and Sacrament meeting durit is one of the standards of the Church.

ing the entire seven years he was a deacon, Obedience to law would eliminate much of the difficulty, suffering, and priest Aaronic in the teacher, stop and violations—ignoring Traffic us. law annoy which now Priestembarrassment hood. to speeding, failing curves, hills and passing on signs, warning signals and of the is a Wilmington Melvin member trouble, of others—bring rights for the of respect lack signals, and give proper Stake. (California) Redondo Ward,

suffering, expense, and all too frequently, death. In many cases the innocent

suffer with the guilty.

Liquor laws, tax and revenue laws, those governing property rights,

Working With Senior Members moral laws, and other statutes made for the protection and advancement of society should have full support and compliance from every member of

Brings Happiness the Church.

We proclaim to the world that we believe in honoring the law. 1 hat

believe that say we violated. is never We really honors person a which real happiwhat f haven't known

defend. support, and uphold, to sustain means law. -*- the To sustaining in is of joy until Tears ness now."misbe no can there Surely law. the obeying in believe that say also we We inhis in eyes looked welled as he up obey. word of the intent and the as to meaning understanding

"I adviser. of his face group to the citizens and of good being reputation a have Saints Latterday True

want you to know how I appreciate supporters of law and order. But how much better would that reputation

what you have done for me and my be if every member would prove in action what he says in words—honor,

family. You have made the sun shine obey, and sustain the law? To do this is a duty we owe to ourselves as

again. You have given us new purLatter-day Saints, to the Church which has declared its beliefs and principles,

pose in life. My wife and I will be and to the nation in which we live.

eternally grateful to you."Ward teachers should stress the twelfth Article of Faith, and in all kindeffort every make obligations and their respect to all members liness urge payoff. real a These few This was the world before out should stand law. the sustain obey, and honor, We to of appreciation well were words

i people. as a lawabiding

all that the time had been worth spent, the hours and hours of planINTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR AUGUST 1957 ning, and the many visits that had been made. This was pay in satisfacThe Standards of the Church

Christ. can't tion with that money. of gospel Jesus be bought of the standards are the the of Church standards The

the set has dispensation, up this in again of and Time the Meridian in Savior, recently been This good had The man strict honesty, live. Absolute should Saint Latterday every which standards by his taken ordained an elder and had the find with favor all would of exacted are who purity personal chastity, and

family to the temple for endowments Master. A true Latterday Saint is clean in thought and action.

and sealings. For many years he

had been a senior member of the

Aaronic Priesthood and inactive in the feeling of irritation the inactive membeen created. They had confided in

Church. During the past year he ber had felt and the resistance he had each other and helped each other

and his family had been visited regushown to the early contacts. The with personal problems. Together

larly by a group adviser whom the group adviser had been very underthey had tapped the gospel for solubishop had assigned. Gentle perstanding and tactful. They had tions to their problems, and an abidsistency on the part of the group discussed together things of mutual ining testimony of the gospel had

adviser had gradually overcome the terest until a bond of friendship had developed.

JULY 1957 531 Learn to

earn to play. Mothers and and will provide exercise for those work with young people; and his sucof fathers, especially cess in muscles. those healthful, providing used Perhaps fun acyou you seldomI tivity for teento learn children to play for hopscotch will have young and j with children and his own

agers, answer the beckon of these or kickball all over again—but do it, those fortunate enough to live in his

warm summer days. As often as posfor the sake of your children. neighborhood have resulted in this

sible, at least one early evening each If Alma Heaton, instructor in the strong belief: Too many parents

week or on Saturday afternoons, go Brigham Young University Departneglect their own and their children's with your family to the park, canyon, ment of Recreation and member of need for physical exercise, opportunior into the backyard to enjoy together the MIA general board dance comties to build good sportsmanship in some competitive, active games. mittee, could talk to every young the very young, and, most important,

This outdoor, fun time together will Latterday Saint couple, this is likely a delightful way to spend time tonot only be enjoyable and relaxing what he would say. His wide experigether as a family.

but will also strengthen your family ence directing the recreational activity He refers, as an example, to the ties, acquaint your children with the of all ages, separately and mixed, in fact that fiftynine percent of the experiences of winning and losing, groups of tens and groups of five children studied by Charles A. Bucher

and how to react to these experiences, hundred; his playground supervision of New York University in a recent

survey said they had no outdoor fun———8—WMMBWMHmmnii.

activity with their parents. Nearly

all expressed a wish that they could have this experience.

Last month in Today's Family, Israel C. Heaton discussed the importance of family recreation and

suggested activities particularly suitEh.je.en Gibbons able to the indoor gathering. Alma

Editor Heaton, a brother, who has similar abilities and interests in recreation, 532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA continues our discussion with suggestions for outdoor fun, emphasizing competitive games which are particularly suited to the family group because they are simple, do not need extensive space and facilities, and can be enjoyed by young and old. Necessary equipment is easy to acquire and

economical.

Alma Heaton sees in family outdoor recreation a great boost to the all -Church sports tournaments of future years; not because family fun

may train individuals for a particular sport, but because it can build healthy bodies, teach good sportsmanship, and stimulate in children a love for participation in sports which will enrich the rest of their lives.

Time and again, this recreation leader has been amazed at the physical weakness in many of the young boys and girls who have come under his supervision. Many are unable

to lift their own weight, or even to compete successfully in games which demand average strength and skill.

Among activities found by Brother

Heaton to be most popular and most to aresuited family groups inner oldplayed automobile with those So easy! 50% more jelly

tubes which are too worn for the road.

Patched (let Junior help), these inner tubes will last indefinitely as recrea-...and fresher flavor

tional equipment, providing a variety because you boil only 1 minute with SUREJELL or CERTO of games which will tire youngsters long before youngsters tire of them.

If there aren't one or two old inner tubes lying in your own garage, most service stations are happy to save them.

In most of the following inner tube games, competition is keen, with no

(Continued on following page)

Recipe: perfect homemade plum jelly. Bring to boil over high heat, stirring conCrush 5 lbs. ripe tart plums. Simmer 10 stantly. At once, stir in 7y2 cups sugar,

min., covered, with 1 V2 cups water. Squeeze bring to boil again. Boil hard 1 min., stirthrough jelly bag or cheesecloth layers. Mix ring constantly. This short boiling time

51/2 cups juice with I box SureJell'in saucegives you fresher flavor! And less juice boils

pan. (Or use Certo—recipe on bottle.) away, so you get up to 50% higher yield!

, ---....

Your choice!

SUREJELL powdered natural fruit pectin., CERTO liquid natural fruit pectin

Pectin causes jelling.

Remove from heat,skim off foam and pour Amounts of pectin into glasses. Paraffin at once. Yield: 12 in fruits vary.

with no guessing $URt JEW but glass! glasses, at a mere pennies medium

recipes with get you all results perfect with you're sure of And Certo. SureJell or

kinds of fruits—when you use powdered '1 "ft"''**""

SureJell or liquid Certo! Products of General Foods

JULY 1957 533 learn to Play

(Continued from preceding page) taking turns lying in the middle andNO WASTE! need for pretense on the part of parbeing rolled around the lawn, diving

ents. Sixyear-old Mary will somethrough one tube and landing on top

HandyS<*fcetSea/ pellets times beat Mom; Junior will outdo of the rest, walking along the top of

end costly guesswork, Dad; and sister will shame big brother. the tubes without falling, and a If Mary plays much hopscotch, for variety of tumbling stunts which

melt easier, faster! example, she has excellent balance youngsters find more fun on inner

Trying to break or shave a and can jump easily down a row of tubes than on mats. An old quilt or

bulky bar of oldfashioned inner tubes. Meanwhile Dad's weight small mattress stuffed into the funnel

paraffin is a thing give it more body for these latter bigger feet are going to be a will of and the past I With modern activities. definite disadvantage. SureSeal Canning Wax

it's easy to select just 1 Lay several inner tubes in a row 6. If you are in an area with large

the want. amount you production a "mass make turns rim to trees, and take from jumping faster, of too Melts

rope a cotton swing"by stringing it's all, rim, ground, touching TRIPLE without the MONEY-I Best

BACK GUARANTEED then from center to center without (which is easier on the hands than to give complete I touching the tubes. Rearrange the regular manila rope) between two satisfaction

inner tubes zigzag fashion and try trees about forty feet apart. The

"twin 'these jumps again. They take balcenter of the rope should be about five

ance and skill, as do dozens of jumpfeet lower than the ends. String

ing games which are possible. They enough inner tubes on the rope for

appeal to all ages, but are especially the entire family. You will find that

EE liked by the younger children bechildren love to play above the

C OOK! cause the inner tube's "spring"gives ground, hanging with their hands,

rs'MrjEfe ox of sHre Seal askingHomewithCanningevery feelings of confidence and buoyancy. and throwing their feet up over the Wax at your grocers or send rope while Dad gives them a swing.

ten cents in coin {104) to: 2. Straddle an inner tube, feet This is good exercise for the whole

resting inside, the bottom on to short a rope and body. attaching By THE

a turns kangaroo). jump Take <fe:, <Suh&iSealCORPORATION pull the swing, the whole Dad can

g|k"23 2 North Lake Avenue it if—-or all(like together do have you at once. family the Dept. without IsS-a Even Pasadena, California

inner enough who tubes—seeing tubes, can inner ropes these are fun to SURESEAL CANDLE WAX IS TOPS, TOO! the longest; stay on can then who from. swing play on and

arrive first at a marker placed several 7. Less active games might includer yards away. Acquire a few smaller rolling inner tubes for accuracy, or

inner tubes so children under six can taping down their valves and then KITCHEn CHAFtm participate.

of the over head a ringer run they while Mary WAXED PAPER 3. A line game sure to be popular pitchingJunior or

is played by designating the person around the lawn. The possibilities KEEPS FOOD

at the head of a line as leader. He are endless.

FRESHER LONGER! rolls an inner tube toward the line, Somewhat more difficult than autoand each member of the family must mobile inner tubes to acquire and to

jump over the tube without touching store when not in use is the airplane it. Mom and Dad, whose longer legs inner tube, but its potential for fun

make jumping over the tube too easy, makes it a worthwhile investment.

must jump sideways. Whoever touches Army surplus stores often have them

the tube must go to the end of the on hand at small cost. Set the inner

line, while the others move forward. tube on a mat or old mattress. It

The first person to jump free three has so much spring that Dad will times replaces the leader. have difficulty keeping up with his

4. A game sure to arouse its share children in forward rolls, backward

of laughs is played with Mom and rolls, dives, head stands, and hand

Dad inside one inner tube, back to stands. The whole family can compete

back, holding the tube around their at jumping a cross bar held at difwaists, and Junior and Mary teamed ferent heights above the tube.

up the same way. A race across the

lawn will usually find the youngsters A close second to inner tubes in way ahead, and after they have won, ** popularity are pillows made from they will enjoy watching their parthe legs of Dad's old trousers. Army

ents struggling along sideways, persurplus stores usually have inexpenhaps tripping to find themselves sive pillows whose feathers can be "trapped"by an inner tube. used. Fill each trouser leg half full,

5. If you have several inner tubes, leaving the other half for a good hand WITH MILLIONS POPULAR most (and strength double hold. For a funnel. into Games tie together them HOUSEWIVES... OF workout) a good these give boys will speed, for through crawling entail can GROCERS ALL LEADING AT

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA one pant leg can be placed inside another. Lay on the ground a two by six Midsummer

foot plank, an airplane inner tube, registration July 15 or tie two automobile inner tubes together and set two more, similarlytied, about six feet away. Let a Autumn

of the family standmember on each registration Sept. 9

side of plank, the airplaneend of the tube, or on each pair of smaller inner LDSoffersBusinessfor everyCollegegraduate.has twelveSecuregood yourjob

tubes, and try to destroy his comfuture with highstandard business training.

petitor's balance, knocking him off his Write today for class schedules.

perch. With the younger children, LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE 'I

make a rule: no hitting above the 70SaltNorthLake MainCity, StreetUtah

shoulders.

Name in circle Pillows can also be used Mail Today! Coupon

tag the games, reply... including Address balanced on or Receive immediate head

held between the knees in novelty information on classes, tuition, living acCity Zone... State..

commodations, etc.

races, for tossing games, "hot potato,"and "pass over and under"line games.

Sometimes shorter pillows are more PHONE suitable, and they can easily be madeby using half a pant leg. BUSINESS COLLEGE EM 3-2765

It is impossible to give further de70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY tail here, but any number of games are within the imagination of anyHow to one. The family who will acquire enjoy deluxeseveral inner tubes and make a few FOR THE MISSIONARY!

play pillows will have no difficulty "fountain"sundaes

These Two Books creating their own games. at home with

THE A.B.C.'S OF

Brother Heaton seldom goes anyMORMONISM ToumeXIJride withoutwhere recreahis homemade tion kit, which contains an almost THE MORMON toppings endless variety of game possibilities. MISSIONARY'S MESSAGE

Sometimes he brings out the games one at a time; sometimes he lays sevwere especially written for the busy miseral of them in a circle on the lawn sionary by Aubrey J. Parker, a former

or patio so that participants can Methodisting the GospelMinister,to theto aidmanhimin inthepresentstreet.

progress from one to the other. One

of the games his kit contains is a Elder Parker investigated many different broom handle to which has been atreligions before he was approached by a tached an empty sardine can and a Mormon Elder.

twoinch sponge ball on a two foot In these little Books you have string. The ball is tossed into the the Gospel principles at your

air by swinging the stick upward, finger tips—popular pocket size.

and the aim is to catch the ball in They come to you prepaid for Now make sundaes like a fountain professional—the Big, Pride Towne way! can.the each. $1.00 hundreds are Many - luscious, watering mouth sodas and This kit also contains a muffin tin the in use throughout now sundaes that are to eat. a dream Towne

for tossing discs or coins, and paddles, world. Pride Toppings do it for you—so easily,

balloons, Pingpong balls, twine so simply. Makes serving ice cream five

string, blocks, paper sacks, hoops, Apply to timesflavors:as enjoyable.chocolateComesfudge,in strawberry,five delicious

stilts, bean bags, blindfolds, clothesElder Aubrey J. Parker butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup.

pins, wheels, matchboxes, elastic 616 West Carrillo

Santa Barbara, Californiabands, brooms—and of course, some

inner tubes, pillows, and rope. Eachitem suggests several games. Even TouineXftide

kit,the from two handmade 2'x 2'Bind Your Eras for 1956 5"x boxes together, hinged wooden is used to play box hockey. Subscribers who wish to bind the 1956 volume of THE IMPROVEMENT

still is informed that ERA are the annual index available. Order Every family could use such a kit index your by sending your to address and name

and would use it once it had been made. Its construction and the asTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sembling of equipment and ideas for 50 North Main Street SALT LAKE CITY 16, UTAH {Concluded on page 537) Please enclose a threecent stamp.

IULY 1957 535 a rF?rrrF?rFrrFrr RAIN BIRD Leads 1 I

Where Others Follow.*?> CmCm

I SomethiviQ to aeiaei up CmZm I I

Richard L. Evans Cm

I I lighter the hearts in our touched by and moved

lift in voice. look, eager happier I No. 30 I We step,were the the her and

For 20 years a pace setter in the irrigation She was no longer young, something short of being called Cm industry, Rain Bird has led the field in elderly, of unknown age, but she had found a humble and 1

Cm improved irrigation sprinklers. Continucongenial job. "It gives you something to get up for"—she

ous laboratory and inthe-field research said—and there was a light on her face as she said it. "Some- l

assures the performance and reliability thing to get up for!"Then we remembered the man, past

of all Rain Bird Sprinklers. the age of retirement, living alone; some friends, but no

family; enough to live on, but little to do, who said somewhat

Invest in Rain Bird, the leader'Also, be sadly almost those same words, but with an opposite applicasure the sprinkler system you get meets tion. "There isn't much to get up for in the morning,"

the American Society of Agricultural Engihe said. We all need something "to get up for."Getting i neers'standards and fits your requirements exactly. &n up may not be necessary as a matter of money. There may

even be no urgent obligations or pressures or dependents.

Literature on request. But if we don't have something to get up for in life, we

are surely going to get down. We are all at our best when t

2 someone or something needs us, when something is dependNATIONAL RAIN BIRD for, ing to get to have something upon have 1 up us. We SALES CORP. & ENGINEERING Cm Cm effective for the living of life. to "get teacher has The up"AZUSA, CALIFORNIA

I for his teaching. He may not feel up to it; he may be 1

I weighted with worries or personal problems, but he has to Cm 1 play the part; more than that, he has to live the part, and

I actually feel the earnestness and enthusiasm that the student fW must feel from him. Parents have to be up for their children, mf

Cm even when there are worries, even when hearts are heavy. ffO

2 (The cheerful greeting of children returning from school, the feeling that home is a pleasant place, a place of faith *W

I and confidence and courage, will help make a boy and a girl mb feel they want more to come home, and will give a wonderful lift to life.) We all need something to get up for. Even *w

if we've retired, even if working isn't necessary for our

I survival, it is necessary for the lift in our lives. And the

I person who takes the risk and responsibility of planning and providing constructive employment for other people is a

ADULT EDUCATION AND 1 benefactor of society, because he gives them something to

EXTENSION SERVICES get up for. Now and always—and everlastingly forever %

BRIGHAM YOUNG wewe shallshall needneedtotoknowfeel thatuseful;we weare shall"engagedneedintoa feelgood wanted;cause."s

UNIVERSITY Cm. We need to know that we are doing something besides just /WOs

Provo Utah sitting. And here and now we will live longer and happier i

and be in better health if we find some good work or give I willingly some service, and don't assign ourselves to the shelf. I

I shall not soon forget the lift of the voice and the look in the Cm NAME eyes, when she said: "It gives you something to get up for."

I STREET I CITY AND STATE Cm, "VL Spokenipohen lAJordWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE *

Please send me, without cost, Cm PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Brigham Young University's I SYSTEM, MAY 5, 1957 "HOME STUDY"1 Copyright 1957 *w

CATALOG 2

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Learn to Play

(Concluded from page 535) its use could be a fun family project.

The important thing, emphasizes

Brother Heaton, is that family recreation be enjoyed, not that it be made up of these particular activities. With

many families, shuffleboard, croquet, badminton, volleyball, tether ball, before you archery, and other familiar games are buy a perennial favorites, and equipment water heater, for them can be rented in most communities.

Learn to play. Do it often as a

family. Add variety to summer days

by enjoying frequent picnics and hikes, nature explorations, outdoor suppers, treasure hunts, stunt nights on the patio or lawn. Give to your

children the kind of experiences that remain with them as pleasant memories. Judge George M. Smythe has

said, "God pity those parents who bequeath to their children only the memory of a long succession of baby sitters."

Handy Hints There's a lot more

Payment for Handy Hints used will be an price to consider dollar publication. Inone upon

that submitted, the two with same idea are the event when you buy a water heater.

the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, Fowler water heaters have stood the test of time.

but each will receive careful consideration. For nearly half a century they have delivered

Stocking runs may be mended incondependable water heating service at lowest cost.

spicuously by sewing them carefully with a By being the first to offer glasslining, Fowler thread from the back seam of an old stockwater heaters have proved conclusively that during of a similar shade. The seams unravel

easily with practice and yield a surprising able porcelain... bondedto-steel inside the tank

amount of fine thread. Mrs. L. T., Malta... prevents rust and corrosion. Fowler water

Idaho heaters with glasslining consistently outlast

Was that cork top difficult to pull from other makes the bottle? Lay two pieces of string across In addition to glasslining, Fowler has safe

the opening before replacing the cork. To "black heat"elements, triple insulation against

the bottle,open the strings, pull on and the heat loss, external adjustable temperature concork out easily. comes piece Use only one

of string if the cork is a small one. Mrs. trols for top operating efficiency.

A. A., Salt Lake City, Utah Fowler glasslined electric water heaters are

An apple makes a festive candleholder backed by the manufacturer's 20year warranty.

for children's parties. Cut a thin slice off See Fowler Whatever your requirements, there's a Fowler

the stem of the end apple and core a hole heater to needs. your only a water For meet few soon, at your dealer's

fitto candle. your F. S. B., Philadelphia, Pa.

cost dollars the ordinary of an than water more ivr'ite or the factory for heater, you can buy this better Fowler and be sure

A LOVELY GIFT full details. of satisfying service for many years to come.

By Betty Jeanne Gunn 10 years old

Ueel the gently blowing breeze.

flowers, grass, See the and trees. ELECTRIC birds sing this theHear day.

tallSee the mountains gas WATE and gray. FOWLGLASSLINED and

the blue.See sky a radiant

See true. the clouds white and

lovely a gaveWhat gift God DISTRIBUTED BY: FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. 316SALTWestLAKE2ndCITY,South UTAHStreet

you! andTo me

JULY 1957 537 Freeze Fresh Fruits Gene Fullmer—Always a Champ

513) It lost over. the title was Gene had

first for the out been knocked and hisNew "NoFailure"Way heavyweight(Concludedking,fromGenepageTunney, heart has been set on living up to time in his life.

the name—one day becoming a world When the smog left Elder Fullmer's

champion. brain, one of his first remarks was:

On January 2, 1957, his ambition "I'm sorry I let you down, Marv. I'm

was realized. After fifteen grueling sorry I let you down."

rounds in Madison Square Garden, "Just so you weren't hurt, Gene,"he triumphed over Ray Robinson, one his manager replied.

of the ring's alltime greats. That It is almost traditional for a losing

night, the twentyfive-yearold elder fighter to manufacture a few excuses.

looked back over a long, hazardous Gene made none. He had allowed his

road, remembering past vistas when chin to jut in the path of a very he had whammed fist. deadly Instead of thinking up f* A I* Glove hischampionships—way to Golden and AAU excuses, to Robinthe exchamp went

remembering son's dressing room and offered hisfruitfreeze a professional—thirtyeighthis halfdozen yearsvictoriesas congratulations.

and three defeats.

Gene wore his crown for just four Even before the vast stadium had months, then lost it on May 1, to a cleared, fight fans were predicting the

FruitFreeze brings you a simple, shrewd and determined Robinson in Fullmer future. For some, the West

lowcost way to homepack frozen Chicago. A flickering left hook in the Jordan welder had seen his spring of

fruits without danger of discoloration glory. Others said he'd be back in fifth battler, the round dropped tough

loss or of flavor. also Wonderful for due season. lights his and for out. a moment went fruits freshcut preparing for salads,

fruit cocktails. Recipes on can. One The referee's count was to Gene no More important, however, was the

98fi can prepares 75 pounds of fruit. more than a faint whine against the fact that Gene Fullmer walked to the

Merck & Co., Inc blaring storm of the crowd. Few victor's dressing room, unobtrusively

fallen fighters have tried so valiantly waited his turn, watched and listened to rise. A spurt of pure will power while praises were heaped on his

boosted Gene to his feet, but he wilted rival, then offered his hand—one of

jelly legs. on his gloves As touched the times in few ring history when J5&J*i the canvas, the referee cried, "Ten!"a loser also has been a champion.

fruit"

The Standards of the Church

(Concluded from page 507) gence, add to your faith virtue; and

particularly the observance of the to virtue knowledge;

Are you to be Sabbath day. It is a regrettable thing "And to knowledge temperance;

have followed in their footsteps. Bepatience godliness; A BRIDE? that many members of the Church and to temperance patience; a'nd to

cause the peoples of other faiths and "And to godliness brotherly kindWe specialize in Wedding Gowns those of no faith have shown their ness; and to brotherly kindness charand Formals designed to meet contempt for this great commandity.

the standards of our Church. ment is not a reason why members of "For if these things be in you, and

the Church should follow them. Nor abound, they make you that ye shall

will the Lord hold them guiltless of neither be barren nor unfruitful in this sin any more readily than he the knowledge of our Lord Jesus 242 East South Temple DA 2-0252

Salt Lake City, Utah would had they violated the law of Christ.

honesty, truthfulness, or chastity. "But he that lacketh these things is

Peter has given us excellent advice blind, and cannot see afar off, and in these words, which will insure our hath forgotten that he was purged salvation if they are strictly followed: from his old sins.

brethren, rather, the 8 "Wherefore 31Sept. Tour Aug. LDS are us exgiven unto "Whereby

12 more) Sept. 540.00 (To

callings to diligence give your make precious promises; great and 50 ceeding

if for these election sure: ye do and partakers that these be ye might by

7 inc.HAWAIIHotel, Pan American 299Airlines Round of the divine nature, having escaped things, ye shall never fall."

Trip LAHonolulu, and much more. the corruption that is in the world

Free Brochure California Intermountain News through lust. Joseph Fielding Smith

T023 N. Western Ave., Los Angeles 29, Calif. "And beside this, giving all dili72 Peter 1:4-10.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mekhizedek Priesthood...m.i. i.U.i.m;i.mh, iMiHMiiM ii|i,iwwwnwww *?.. i k i iTw*wpw*Pipwyjppw

(Concluded from page 529) Thus, if all function, twentynine TASTE TELLS, LADIES!

brethren have each had a part in Make the Amazing NEW putting on the dance. As soon as M.C.P. UNCOOKED JAMS

each task is completed, members of that committee are released. A new SAVE 100%FRESHNO WORKINGFRUIT FLAVOROVER A HOTUSE STOVELESS FRUIT - GET MORE JAM

set of committees is appointed for the next event. Made Only with M.C.P. Jam & Jelly PECTIN!

Have many task or subcommittees THEY'RE FINER JAMS than even the regular doing many different things. Let cooked ones because, by eliminating the usual

each task be especially designed for cookingflavor andandcolorboiling,are ALLpreservedthe freshintact!fruit and berry

an inactive man who might accept Cost Less Than 15c Per y2 -lb.

it and thus get started on the road to reactivation. Remember, a Church SEND FOR FREE RECIPES

assignment is the first objective in MUTUAL CITRUS PRODUCTS CO., Anaheim, Calif.

priesthood reactivation. Please send me, without charge, the uncooked jam recipes for

The successful quorum will have M.C.P. Jam and Jelly Pectin. (Please Print Clearly)

many events a year and many subcommittees, all working under the NAMEdirection of the three standing comADDRESS.

mittees.

Are we really using our quorums CITY..ZONE..STATE.

for priesthood reactivation? If not, NOTE: ONLY 1 COUPON PER FAMILY!

let's start now! (For Convenience in Mailing Cut Out and Paste Coupon on 24 Postcard)

America's Witness for Christ

(Concluded from page 511) or all of the moonless nights. Palmyra is slightly southeast of Roches- (j& hdML b

ter, and the site of the Hill Cumorah is indicated on most all New York FROM TABLE QUEEN BREAD

State road maps. New York offers

much to the native as well as to the tourist. This pageant can be a restful change from visiting battlefields,

capitol buildings, and historical mansions. There is a simplicity presented

that leaves warmth in the heart and sweetness on the tongue. Though it

escapes us tomorrow, through retrospection it may return. If our reward is small, the blame lies within. It tastes better...

toasts better... is

better for you, because i{'s RICH GLASS OF MILK

The Church Moves on IN MILK. IN EVERY LOAF

(Concluded from page 488) Enriched teen years as superintendent of Sunday with Vitamins ROYAL BAKING COMPANY

School in the Salt Lake City Eighteenth and Iron Salt Lake City Ogden

Ward. The couple are the parents of

five married children.

William E. Berrett, vice president in

charge of religious education of theChurch board of education, announced FILMS!the appointment of two new seminary DEVELOPED

supervisors: to Elder George A. Horton and PRINTED area,the Leslie Carbon and Elder J.

Booth to the Big Horn area. KENT FROST JEEP TRIPS

Into the Famous Utah Needles Area frfv Appropriate Sunday Meetings Junctionand Salt ofcreeks;the GreenDavis, andLavender,ColoradoMonument,rivers; IndianRed,

and Horse canyons; Dead White Dark and Grand throughout noted the Church[hP"points; national Bridges and View Hovenweep

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! the of monuments. 128th anniversary theJr

per daily person includes $25 ofrestoration the Aaronic Priesthood on sleeping transportation, bags, guide service, PHOTO of River, thethe banks Susequehanna meals

May 15, 1829. Write KENT FROST, Monticello, Utah

JULY 1957 539 hm Teaches by Parables

(Continued from page 505) concerned. One of our great songs

was written about this event, and many artists have pictured it on canvas. Jesus must have been exhausted

from his strenuous labors, preaching, teaching, and healing the sick, and was asleep on a pillow, completely unaware of the fierce storm. It is

easy to picture the disciples as the intensity of the tempest grew and the danger of capsizing became more and more apparent. Surely they did not

want to disturb the Lord, but finally, in desperation, they woke him saying, "Lord, save us: we perish."

Awakening, the Savior asked, "Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith?"

This was surely a mild rebuke to his disciples. After the marvelous things

they had heard from his lips and the miracles they had seen him perform, should they not have known that a wind and an angry sea could not destroy him?

Arising, Jesus commanded the winds and the sea to cease their raging, and immediately a great calm settled over all.

Again his disciples marveled and said among themselves, "What manner of man is this, that even the winds the sea and obey him!"BIND YOUR Off the southeastern tip of the Sea

of Galilee was located the city of I provement Eras Gadara. The territory round about

was known as the country of the for years of future use Gadarenes or the Gergesenes. When

ONLY Jesus landed on the shore, he was conthe caves in the hills, a man so fierce $\oo fronted by a wild man who lived in and dangerous that no one dared go plus postage—at near him. At times he had been

caught and chained, but he was so

DESERET strong that he had broken the chains

NEWS PRESS hauntedto bits. theBy mountainsnight andandby thedaycaveshe

"crying, and cutting himself with stones."The unfortunate creature

The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate was completely under the control of will in Era matter Improvement The be Up to 150 miles 43 the followers of Satan. Having defor in form close at bound volume hand

future use if you have each year's 150 to 300 miles 49 nied themselves the privilege of ob-

. Deseret the miles to issues 59 bound by handsomely 600 300 of taining their bodies they own, were

is plus necesPress. cost $3 The News miles 73 to 1000 600 this using steal of to trying method issues 12 for bound. sary each postage

to miles 1400 88 1000 All with orders accompanied be must blessings of the mortality. Recogniz-

1.06 miles to 1800 1400 in following the advance. payment Use ing afar the Jesus crazed from man miles 1.23 costs. to 1800 postage rate Over guide determine

ran toward him. Crying out with a

loud voice he said, "What have I to

Deseret News Press domostwithhighthee,God?Jesus,I thouadjureSontheeof theby

THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS God, that thou torment me not."But

31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Jesus, recognizing that the man was possessed, said, "Come out of the man, 540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thou unclean spirit."Asking, "What ts*

is thy name?"Jesus received the answer, "My name is Legion: for we

are many."Nearby was a herd of some two thousand swine feeding on the mountains. So desirous were the evil spirits of possessing bodies that they asked

the Lord for the privilege of entering into the herd of pigs. Evidently Jesus

had a great lesson to teach, for he permitted them to do so. Immediately thereupon the entire herd of

swine "ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters."

Terrified, the keepers of the swine

COMBINESwent into the city and told what had ONLYBERNARDIN

THESE 5 SAFETY FEATURES good canning for you entirehappened. population The of Lid snaps down.

tells you a to see out good. vacuum.shows andhas Sparkling white food acid resistant enamel on thethe city came Jesus, and

reached. been of food surface helps Bernardin Lids protect the Snap

to ablenot being comprehend who if Lid is snaps up vacuum nutritional flavor of the values can. foods and you

lost. Correct cause and recan.he possessed and was he such how tells Signal sight Safety twoway Snap you The and by Lid slides stickout without

if seal,great safe powers a asked have sound you the to leave their warns when by ing... you him use. to ready

seal side Food of white coating is lost... warns you in time to correct the causecountry.

resistant acid enamel. recan. and

latex Returning to Capernaum he found foodLive rings give highthe people of the city waiting on the vacuum seal. canningThese. exclusive.. yet youBernardinpay no morefeaturesfor Bernardinguarantee goodthan

shore to welcome him back. Caperyou would for ordinary caps and lids. You'll find

naum, which the Bible sometimes calls Bernardin 2-piece Caps and Snap Lids in all popular "his own city,"was to be a scene of sizes at most good food stores. Lay in a supply now

another of the great miracles perfor the season ahead.

formed by the Lord. A man by the Tfome &Htt*k$ LIDS AND SNAP CAPS

LLE, BOTTLE EVANSVIname of Jairus, called "a ruler of the berNARdin BERNARDIN CAP CO.,synagogue,"had an only daughter, IND.

twelve years of age, who was very close to death. Rushing to Jesus he

fell feet at his down and begged him The Tribune Wins The Coveted to quickly histo come and save home his girl. But even while he wasspeaking someone came running from PULITZER PRIZE

his house saying, "Thy daughter is For its great coverage of the crash last June of two airliners dead; trouble not the Master."over the Grand Canyon, The Salt Lake Tribune has received

Looking at Jairus, Jesus responded, the Pulitzer Prize for local reporting against deadline time.

"Fear not: believe only, and she will In adding the name of The Salt Lake Tribune to the very

be made whole."select roll of American newspapers which have won Pulitzer

Although a great many people folpublic,Prizes forthe theirPulitzerdistinguishedPrize judgesjournalisticcalled The servicesTribune'stocrashthe lowed them to the house, Jesus would coverage "A team job that surmounted great difficulties in let no one in with him except Peter, distance, time and terrain."

James, John, and the father and The Pulitzer Prize came as a supreme award to a newspaper mother of the girl. All of those who which for 86 years has covered its fourstate Intermountain

were already in the house were crynewsbeat in fulfillment of this region's need for broad, obing. To them Jesus said, "Weep not; jective coverage of the whole area. The Grand Canyon crash

she is not dead, but sleepeth."site was 425 miles from The Tribune city room, but the

Not dead? They knew better than distance shrank to "city limits"when this newspaper set

a in covering terrain"distance, rime and to "surmount outthat. They had there been when read. to eagerly wanted world story and the thatshe died, "they and to laughed him of Pulitzer a manifestation story The Prize—was and—thethe Westscorn."concepts regional which news timehonored Tribune's The

When all had left the room except have made this newspaper "the tie that binds the Interhis three disciples and the girl's parmountain West."

ents, Jesus, taking her by the hand, said, "Damsel, I say unto thee, arise."

Immediately the girl's spirit entered back into her body. arose She and alt fate @ribuu*walked. Then asked the Lord them

to give her something to eat and womenmzE instructed the girl's parents and his One of America's GreauNewspapers (Continued on page 543) JULY 1957 541 SKIN PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry, If you are

itching skin or scaling are or an adoles- I troubles skin cent with given?) have and I

despair, thinking product no up in would relieve or heal your skin, then you owe Jke J>ku S6 J/aliln I it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT. I 9

Your druggist has this marvelous healing ointment and will gladly refund your money if you are not pleased with re- 2 Richard L. Evans

sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and I skincolor.

TT'rom childhood many of us would well remember the story

I A of Chicken Little. She was the character of fairy tale

I and fable who felt something fall on her head when she was

SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY say out day. GUARANTEED say one walking TO an acorn; it was some Some I H

it at order from Get your drug*Mstore, or it was, a twig not a tree. from But knowing what it was I

falling. Little that the quickly concluded Chicken sky was & LABORATORIES H M to said. tell the king!"she on the "I must rush way And 151 EAST 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH I

1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00 she passed other creatures of field and forest and excitedly

POSTPAID reported that the sky was falling. Many joined in the alarm

and passed the word around, with some farreaching consequences. There are some variations in the several versions

I of this old tale as it is told and retold, but all the tellers of I mmvvoe II startedthe talea arerumoragreedon veryon theseslim particularevidence; thatpoints:it spreadthat someonefar and II

k FOLDING fast; that it put many people in panic; that they paid a high I

BANQUET price for their needless panic—and that there was at least I

- TABLES I one character who didn't believe the rumor just because

I someone said it was so. This would be a good place to stop

1 the story, but there is enough time left to say that we wish

I some of the characters in this fable didn't remind us so much of ourselves sometimes. We have all seen the results of

1 unfounded reports. We have all seen those who run around I

with unreliable rumors as confidently as if they had seen I I what they say. We have seen those who carry unconfirmed I

if as quickly as actually confidently they news and what I knew TRUCKS storingMONROE For I all process, Chairstruck seen the whispering easy had happened. have wayTables We EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handlesthe I storage of tion chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage to Transport fastest effective the sometimes seems which be most and eitherTruckspace. in limited No. TS Truck I of Scott's to means communication Sir Walter man. known inquiries to their the Units Church may direct

Purchasing Department, Church tell to "I 47 East couplet the truth comes mind: cannot may I how City 11, Utah. South Temple. Salt Lake

1 I as 'twas said the tale be; I say seems It sometimes to me."THE Wcn*OC COMPANY

249 STREET. COLFAX. as Seneca said, that "no one... regulates his alarm accord- I CHURCH

i ing to the truth. No one says: 'The author of the story is I

I a fool, and he who has believed it is a fool.'"2 There are I

I many happenings and hazards. This is a day of real dangers.

I But we shouldn't let our lives be run by rumors. We should

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS I seek the facts from direct and reliable sources, and not be I

IAids in treatment of Canker, simple I stampededor superstition,by whator irresponsibleis whisperedinnuendo,behind hands,or unfoundedor by gossip,fear.

sore throat and other minor mouth I on that he should remember who passes weand throat irritations. Furthermore I responsibility with shares him who rumor an unreliable

starts one. We should get the facts; face the facts; seek the I HALL'S REMEDY truth, and know it, and live by it, and not let life be run by I

City, Salt Lake Utah I rumor. I i--0-<] M-O-B-fH O-H-O-V-i -mmm-u-*a '.-< 'wt-i";.-mwrn-',.><

Uke Spoken lAJord from temple SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, APRIL 28, 1957 WE OFFER... &*\ Copyright 1957 A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

Catalogues. iSir Walter Scott: The Lay of the Last Minstrel, II, 1805.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention 2Seneca.

UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah I J

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jesus Teaches by Parables

(Continued from page 541) steadily grew worse rather than better. Sight is Precious

disciples who had seen the great mirImagine the compassion and love of the Savior as he voice in theacle to tell no one what had hapsaid Light Costs Little combe of good "Daughter, her untopened.

fort: thy faith has made thee whole;

On the same occasion, Jesus was go in peace."

walking through a great crowd of people. Evidently a path had to be As Jesus entered into a house, he

cleared for him, and immediately as was followed by two blind men who he passed by the multitude would wished their sight restored. "Believe

crowd in behind him. Suddenly the ye that I am able to do this?"he

Lord stopped, turned around and asked them. "Yea, Lord,"they answered. Touching their eyes he said,asked, "Who touched my clothes?""According to your faith be it unto

His disciples indicated that because you."Their faith was strong enoughof the great number of people throngfor their eyes were immediately PLAN

ing around that perhaps many of them opened. They did not have thehad touched him. But Jesus knew strength, however, to keep this great LIGHT

that someone with great faith who blessing a secret, for even though Jesus for desired to be healed had touched his asked them to tell no one about it,garments because he had felt "virtue"they "spread abroad his fame in all LIVING that country."

or strength leaving him when it had after long the two men left Not stepped forhappened. A woman to Live Better bringing returned, they house fell the and trembling,ward, fearing

with "possessed man a dumb a Electricallydown before the Savior and told him Jesus spirit, the evil devil."out Jesus cast

that it was she who had touched his and although most of the multitude with FULL HOUSEPOWER garments and had been healed. She marveled, the Pharisees again said,

had been suffering for twelve years "He casteth out devils through the UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

with "an issue of blood."During prince of the devils."

that time she had spent "all that she (Next Month: Jesus Teaches By Parahad"in an effort to get well, but she bles, cont.) MAIL COUPON

GRIND FLOUR AS YOU These Times NEED IT!

(Concluded from page 482) and Dante. Thus has the detective The Secret

Kingdom, the USA, and Germany. The story come into modern prominence. of a

Bible was second in France and fifth in American authors, aside from Mrs. Buck, Truly

Italy. whose works are in foreign demand Nutritional

(and are therefore translated most Bread is

This regional devotion to biblical frequently) seem to be Jack London, Freshly literature in contrast to the works of. Mark Twain, Erie Stanley Gardner, Ground

Lenin illustrates the political and Ernest Hemingway, Theodore Dreiser, Flour ideological conflict of our times. and James Fenimore Cooper.

1948in works flour most translated mill grinds The stone household Your own books own? do you What What Household LEE a flavor. Get superb works the 1955 include the Bible (887), flour as too few? with. grind your Probably Mill.. books do Flour you read? Electric

of Stalin (689), Tolstoy (495), M. Are we as familiar with that great youloaf! bake. Assure your family of an honest

Gorki (489), Charles Dickens (443), literary treasure, the Bible, as the new Automatic Portable

Electric Economical Jules Verne (432), the of Lenin works William Shakespeare Soviet man is with recipes and food for prices—free today (424). and Balzac (424), defend the Writefacts. you Could and Stalin?

In the 19481955 compilation of auideas of God and man revealed in Savewith oncheckintroductoryor moneyoffer,ordersendforcouponchoice below5lb.

thors whose works have been published Genesis, Jonah, or John in contrast with package—stone ground the day it's shipped.

at least 100 times in the past eight'years, those found in Stalin's A Short History LEE Milwaukee,ENGINEERINGWisconsinCOMPANY

Mrs. Pearl Buck is the first living author of the Party or Lenin's The State and Lee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-4

to appear in the list and the first woman. Revolution? As Aristotle said, "The 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee 1, Wis.

Mrs. Buck's record shows 304 translapower of speech is intended to set forth.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50

32 19481955, in with tions published the the expedient and inexpedient, 1955 countries for re-.... Wis. -Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00 17 in translations just and the unjust."We should...

alone. member that speech without learning Name

In the "World Translation Derby"it is like faith without works and resort Street is curious to observe that the wrorks of more often to our great books in these City State

Agatha Christie lead Cervantes, Homer, times.

JULY 1957 543 A house is built of bricks and stones

Of sills and posts and piers But a home is built of loving deeds

That stand a thousand years.

The man who removed the—Victor Hugo.

mountain began by carrying away small stones.

Some years ago a tourist was traveling along the shores of Lake Como in northern Italy. When he reached the

castle Villa Asconati, a friendly old gardener opened the gate and showed him the grounds, which the old man kept in perfect order. The tourist asked when the owner had last

been there.

The fact that I have no remedy for all the sorrows in the "Twelve years ago."

world is no reason for my accepting yours. It simply supports "Does he ever write you?"

the strong probability that yours is a fake.—H. L. Mencken. "No."

"From whom do you get your instructions?"

"From his agent in Milan."

"Does he come?"

The grand essentials of happiness are: Something to do, "Never.""Who, then, comes here?"something to love, and something to hope for.—Chalmers. "I am almost always alone; only once in a while a tourist comes."

"But you keep this garden in such fine condition, just as if you expected your master to come tomorrow."

The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted The old gardener promptly replied: "Today, sir, today."

our spoons.—Emerson.

To be a leader of men one must turn one's—Havelockback on Ellis.men.

Someone asked an old Indian chief what lesson he had learned from civilization. His

answer came in one word. "Ingratitude."

Sfe.

Siillfe last

One of the strangest things about life is that the poor, who need money the most, are the very ones that never have it.—Finley Peter Dunne.

A little explained, A little endured, A little passed over, And the quarrel is cured. As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess

Billings. of the demand.—Josh

Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.—Thomas An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of supPaine. port.—John Buchan.

The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone If you want to annoy your neighbors, tell the truth about doing it.—Elbert Hubbard. them.—Pietro Aretino.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KJERJAKOBSEN DESIGN /PATS. PENDING

en00 >CO

o

oI

CO

aipUsl expressed in the warmth and elegance of

'jte OF ]VIE iiting r-xjicixrirxjiti: BROTHERS

CALIFORNIA Available at Leading Furniture and

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. Los Angeles 45, California Department Stores Across the Nation

NUMBER 7 OF A SERIES: "SHARING THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE"

HAPPY FAMILIES DO THINGS TOGETHER

'Roundand-'round and upand-down... makes Beneficial's "Planned Futures"gives you that

you dizzy just watching, doesn't it? This feeling can important feeling of "getting ahead."

be fun during an occasional visit to the amusement

Those financial circles can be straightened out to park, but...

beautifully straight to a a course Planned chart feel the around same sometimes way Do you. you'll for.. providing Future want the money

.. dollars the billpaying time. when every month

fun, children's for travel for education, your and out again, and you just never go right in and come

Life retirement. agent can your Your Beneficial own ahead? seem to be getting help you plan to save money regularly as you can

Send today for informative folder on "Planned Futures."best afford, and gain that allimportant feeling of

"getting ahead."Call him soon.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please send me a copy of your free folder, "Planned Futures."BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name -

Street or RFD David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State