SEPTEMBER. 1911 No. 11

IMPROVEMENT

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS AND THE YOUNG

MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

Published Monthly al Salt LakeCily by the Cfeneral Bartd

Scnic Lioi if Tht Wifl.

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before toe Smoke Clears Away On your firestricken shop, factory,office DENVER, if instore,or business can you resume ST. LOUIS us. unnecessarysured long with No

delays in adjusting, no haggling overterms; but prompt payment of losses AND

every time. It's to our interest to get QHIQAGOyou set up in business again—we can

insure you again.

For Folders, Booklets, etc., address I. A. BENTON, C.A.P.D., Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Salt Lake Cltv, Utah

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Igts.

3026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES, 351.

Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Emhlmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Fiivate Parlor.Show Booms and Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21, 23, 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

City. Utah

-I- 1890. AllA T T SaltEstablishedLake Bank* /V\J TjJ? TyjfT*

Interest, computed semiannually, on Bank solicits the accounts of Savings Deposits. THIS banks, firms and individuals, and4$

Commercial Banking in all its branches. extends to such customers every

IndividualsAccounts of Banks and solicited. reasonable courtesy and facility. the best accommodations assuredCustomers

consistent with conservative and safe banking.

Burton,Cashier Prest, Chas.S. Smith, Joseph F. Byron Groo, F. Armstrong, Wm. H.T.McEiuan,Asst.Cash Lund,F.Pres. H. Anthon "* Cashier. President.

(Whan writing* te Advertisers please msntloa tke BRA.)

fill your orderWe are ready to for the best Knitted Garments for fall and winter wear.

COTTON GARMENTS.

(Postage on 52B 16c extra per garment.)

(Postage 20c extra per pair on Nos. 57, 901, 9B, 111 and 111B.

WOOL AND COTTON GARMENTS.

... Our Special Price $1.69 WOOL, STRONG AND DURABLE.

2.39 No. 525—Warm and comfortable, serviceable Our Price No. 58A—Fine weave, Australian Wool Our Price 4.40

(Postage 20c extra on Nos. 500, 501, 525 and 58A.)

(Postage on No. 535 24c extra.)

GIVE BUST, HEIGHT AND WEIGHT, AND WE GUARANTEE

A FIT. Money refunded if not satisfied.

Always send postage with order. Samples of garment material forwarded on request.

Authorized Portraits of Joseph Smith and Hyrum Smith at prices within the reach of all. Suitable for the Home, Church, and for

any organization.

Size 11 by 14 inches.

Sepia Bromide Style, a rich brown finish.

EACH, POSTPAID, $1.50.

Two pictures—one of each person

OUR SPECIAL PRICE, POSTPAID, $2.85.

Black and white Bromide—an excellent production.

EACH, POSTPAID, $1.00.

Two pictures—one of each person

OUR SPECIAL PRICE, POSTPAID, $1.80.

Pictures framed at moneysaving prices. Write for price list.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Send us your name and we will mail postpaid our new fall Catalog.

Ready for delivery Sept. 15.

(When writingto Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

Agricultural College of Utah A NATIONAL AND STATE INSTITUTION rm i'j

-&.i-d 5T - jiOB t|o

j

>.- # p fSf-B- i:i 'iW-:'

*j

in li'i'YMm

The Campus in Summer Time. A View Along College Avenue with th

Tower of the Main Building in the Background.

The Home of Practical Education

A COLLEGE DEDICATED TO THE GREAT WORK OP DIGNIFYING ANDELEVATING THE INDUSTRIES AND AGRICULTURE,—OF UNITINGLEARNING AND LAROR.

THE SCHOOL OF AGRICULTURE offers fouryear college courses in

Agronomy, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Agricultural

Chemistry, and Economic Entomology.

THE SCHOOL OF HOME ECONOMICS offers (1) a special fouryear

High School course in Home Economics; (2) fouryear coege courses in

Domestic Science and Domestic Arts.

THE SCHOOL OF AGRICULTURAL ENGINEERING offers a fouryear college course in Irrigation and Drainage, Road Building, Hydraulics, andthe construction of Farm Buildings.

THE SCHOOL OF COMMERCE offers (1) two special fouryear High

School courses in Commerce; (2) fouryear college courses in Finance, Accounting, and Industrial Management.

THE SCHOOL OF GENERAL SCIENCE offers a fouryear college course in General Science.

THE SCHOOL OF MECHANIC ARTS offers a special fouryear High

School course which may equip a man for carpentry, forging, machine work or other trades.

THE HIGH SCHOOL DEPARTMENT offers besides courses mentioned above a regular High School course which will fit students to enter any of the above schools, or other scientific institutions.

All college courses lead to a degree of Bachelor of Science; all other

courses to certificates.

The Agricultural College of Utah is an Institution of Service. Its ideal

is t give the yung men and women of Utah a training for industrial ellicieney, and a capacity for eitizcnshlp in Its high sense.

LOGAN, UTRH

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

.

"The Open Road,"a serial story, by John Henry Evans, will begin in the

October number of the ERA. It is a tale of achievement, a fascinating narrative of adventures, love, and business success, in seventeen chapters, giving

the plain and inspiring story of a boy who came to be something from a mere possibility in an orphanage. Subscribe now. This story alone is worth your

while. You get the ERA for $2 and a Manual free.

The Michigan alleged ancient relics, with a series of eighteen original photographs, taken direct from the alleged finds will be scientifically treated by Dr. James E. Talmage in a profusely illustrated article in the October

ERA. Send your subscription now. The 191112 Senior or Junior Manual

free, $2.

There is a lesson in the Junior Manual on Money. When you save, look

around for a safe bank to keep your money in. The message of the Utah

Savings & Trust Co., (see the back cover of the manual) tells the story. They

are safe and trustworthy.

Missionaries and their friends who wish trunks, bags, suitcases, etc., will

find specially kind and considerate treatment at Hulbert Bros. They have a

message in the Manual. They have patronized your publication, return the

compliment. It will be to your advantage.

Elder Joel Richards, Preston, near Liverpool, England, August 1, says:

"The ERA is always a welcome visitor among the elders. It contains much

interesting and profitable writing as well as many valuable instructions from

Church headquarters. We are always glad when the ERA reaches us each

month.""The Boy Pioneers,"by Director Eugene Roberts of the Brigham Young

University, Department of Physical Training, a talk on what the "Mormon"boy hungers for and how to give it him, in the October Era. Of vital importance to parents and M. I. A. officers.

Alfred Osmond will have a poem in the October ERA, entitled "The

Train of Human Progress."

IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1911.

Two Dollars pes annum with Manual Ful

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, 1 Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, J E(jitorg Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

The First Home of the Deseret Museum Frontispiece

The Deseret Museum. Illustrated Dr. James E. Talmage 953

The Book of Mormon Originally Written in

Hieroglyphics. Ill Thomas W. Brookbank 983

Word Pictures of the Yellowstone. IV Alfred Lambourne 989

From Range to Rostrum. II. A Story Leila Marler Hoggan 990

That Comrade of My Dreams. Illustrated Poem H. R. Merrill 998

A Day With Carry Nation (Illustrated) Nephi Anderson....... 1000

It's the Word to the Living that Tells. A Poem Lon J. Haddock 1008

The Drama Willard Done 1009 Athletics Lyman R. Martineau 1014

Find Your Best and Higher Self Nephi Jenson 1017

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the

Pioneers. VII Moroni Snow 1020

Little Problems of Married Life. Ill William George Jordan 1024

Editors'Table—On the Form of Prayer President Joseph F. Smith. 1032

Loyalty George H. Brimhall 1035

Hints to the Editors 1037 Messages from the Missions 1040, 1062

Passing Events 1043 Preliminary Programs and Social Affairs 1047

DAYNESBEEBE INAUGURAL SALE PIANO CLUB 500 MEMBERS 500 PIANOS

These Pianos sell all over the United States for $400 SPECIAL CLUB PRICE $277.50 We save you $1 22.50 Terms: $5.00 Cash, $1.25 per Week

THE DAYNESBEEBE PIANO CLUB PLAN TOLD IN A FEW

BRIEF SENTENCES.

1. The value of the DaynesBeebe Club Piano is $4C0.

2. The price to DaynesBeebe Club members is $277.50.

3. The terms are $5.00 cash when you join, then $1.25 per week for

218 weeks. 4. The piano will be delivered when you join or later, as you wish.

5. The weekly payments of $1.25 begin when the piano is delivered.

6. Every instrument is guaranteed, without reserve, for ten years.

There are no "ifs"or "ands"in the a straightout guarguarantee—just

antee as strong as we know how to make it in writing.

7. IF, AFTER 30 DAYS'TRIAL, THE PIANO IS NOT SATISFACTORY WE WILL GIVE YOU YOUR MONEY BACK.

8. If the piano IS SATISFACTORY after 30 days'use, the Club

Member HAS ELEVEN MORE MONTHS in which to satisfy himself as to the character of the piano. If it does not then prove to be everything

that he expects, he has the privilege of exchanging it without ONE

PENNY'S LOSS for any other instrument of equal or greater value that (and we sell over thirty different representative makes).we sell—

9. If a Club Member dies during the life of his contract we will immediately send a RECEIPT IN FULL to his family for the instrument.

10. A beautiful stool to match the piano and latest style scarf are

included without extra cost.

WRITE FOR COMPLETE DETAILS.

DO IT NOW—Make Selection while we have Complete Stock.

SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO MAIL ORDERS.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the 1SKA.)

Y derivation, the word "Museum"means a home or temple of the Muses, hence a place for study and contemplation. The educational value of museums is now very generally recognized

and institutions of the kind are maintained, some of them on an elaborate scale, by great universities, as also by cities, states, and nations. At

the present time museums vie with libraries as factors of public education.

Needless to say the Deseret Museum makes no pretension of equality with the famous museums of worldwide repute and influence, nor with any of the large institutions supported by public funds or by great endowments. Nevertheless it

professes to be an institution of genuine worth, active, virile, and evergrowing. It was established when the people were in poverty; it has

grown with the commonwealth; and today it is

an institution of which city and state may well be proud. It represents the sum of the past and is

of assuring promise in our future development.

"In its present condition the Deseret Museum is at once a consummation and a beginning."

Vol. XIV. SEPTEMBER, 1911. No. 11

The Deseret Museum.

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, DIRECTOR.

The institution now known as the Deseret Museum had its beginning in the latter part of 1869. Its creation was

primarily due to the energy and enterprise of John W. Young, son

of the pioneer leader, Brigham Young. In its inception the

Museum was virtually a private establishment, owned and controlled by its founder; nevertheless, from the first it was operated and maintained for the public good rather than for purposes

of private gain.

The original plan was that of a combined menagerie and museum, and during the early years of the institution's history the liveanimal exhibits excelled all the other collections, if not in number and variety at least in public interest and favor.

The first curator of the Museum was Guglielmo Giosue RosSangiovanni, whosetti naively and this, he acknowledgesexplains,—that"forhe wasshort."usuallyHecalledwasSangio—

born April 27, 1835, at London, England, and is today a hale and active citizen of Salt Lake City. During the spring and summer

of 1867, Mr. Sangiovanni had traveled in the capacity of interpreter with a party then touring the principal countries of Europe

under the leadership of John W. Young. In a statement written

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in July, 1911, Mr. Sangiovanni gives an interesting account of the

conception of the museum plan as follows:

In the fall of '69 John W. Young and I were talking over our travels, and it was suggested that

it would be a good plan to start a museum and menagerie as a means of presenting in convenient form the resources of Utah.

It was proposed to give the exhibit some such name as "Utah at a Glance, "and it was intended to make of the institution a means of showing tourists what we have and what we are doing. We then and there

agreed to start the enterprise.

A flaming advertisement was inserted in the Deseret News, calling for relics, curiosities, mineralogical and geological specimens, and natural history specimens alive. The first towards the zoo was a fine pair of

black bears, yearlings, p r e - 2.—JOHN W. YOUNG, sented by Walker Brothers.

Founder, and for eight years the proprieMany things were bought and tor of the Salt Like Museum and Menagerie, now the Deseret Museum. From many more were donated. The

a photograph taken about 1876.

miner, the artisan, the hunter, and in fact citizens of all classes brought their contributions, and in six months the museum had already quite a start.

The "Museum and Menagerie"had for its first home* a little, tworoomed house of but one story in height, located on the north side of South Temple street, a short distance to the east of the site now occupied by the imposing structure completed in the early part of 1911, and known as the Hotel Utah. The contrast is a

striking one. The adobes or sundried brick of which the little

house was built, were of the large size commonly used in the early

* wSee frontispiece.

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 955

days, measuring about seventeen inches in length, eight in width and four in thickness. This adobe hut, at the time of its construction, ranked among the most pretentious residences in Great

Salt Lake City. It was built as a residence at the instance of

President Brigham Young, and in it were born children destined to become prominent in the affairs of the community. Among those

who there first saw the light were Eva Young, who in time became

Mrs. Davis; Shamira Young, afterward Mrs. Rossiter; Alfales

Young, now of the editorial staff of the Deseret News;

Emily Wells, afterward Mrs.

Grant; and Heber M. Wells,

the first governor of the State of Utah.

At first the institution was known as the Salt Lake City Museum and Menagerie.

The following appeared in the Deseret Weekly News of December 22, 1869.

The Museum and Menagerie.—We were very much

pleased in visiting the home museum of John W. Young,

Esq. That gentleman has already formed a very fine nucleus

for an excellent museum; and

every means is being taken to 3.—GUGLIELMO GIOSUE BOSSETTI SANGIOVANNI,

augment and enrich the collecFirst Curator of the Salt Lake City tion of objects, either by purMuseum and Menagerie. From a photograph taken in July, 1911.

chase or contribution. The

proprietor is taking measures to supply his menagerie with a complete collection of birds and animals indigenous to this region. Residents of

remote parts of the country, where rare specimens of wild animals and birds are more plentiful than in this immediate locality, will confer a great favor on Mr. Young, and render material aid in furthering the

object he has in view, by securing such specimens as may come within their reach and forwarding them to him.

S a

M 5

3 < - THE DESERET MUSEUM. 957

The latest addition to the menagerie was made today. It is a verybeautiful specimen of the blacktailed deer, captured in Montana, and presented to the institution by J. Gilmer, Esq., of the Gilmer and Salisbury

stage line.

We think the day is not far distant when, if this matter is persevered in, we shall have a fine zoological collection and a very excellent museum.

An interesting description, summarizing the history of the institution during the early stages of its existence, was written in

May, 1911, by John Q. Cannon, Esq., secretary of the

Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association, which association at a later date acquired ownership of the Museum. Mr. Cannon says:

The Deseret Museum, like many another excellent and important institution in the intermountain country, owes its inception to the busy brain and progressive spirit of John W.

Young. Of course the forty

odd years that have elapsed since the Museum's doors were first opened have witnessed a mighty growth in its extent and value, as well as a radical change in its aim and char- 5—JOSEPH L. BARFOOT,

acter. In the beginning, indeed, Curator of the Museum from 1870 to the

the museum idea was secondtimeportraitof hisis reproduceddeath, Aprilfrom25, an1882.enlargeThis

ary and incidental. The promiment of a photograph taken during the last year of his life. "He was a diamond

nent feature then was the live in the rough; a diamond of the first

water."animal collection, the founder's plan being to assemble, exhibit and make familiar to young Utahns, the birds, beasts, reptiles and insects of the surrounding region. By way

of spice and variety in the exhibit, that indispensable adjunct, a cage of monkeys,was added to fill up the measure of juvenile delight. Hence

the exhibit was referred to more as the "managerie"than as the 958 IMPRO YEMEN T ERA.

"museum;"and it obtained a hold on the affections of the urchin of

that day which the lapse of time has neither loosened nor effaced. Its

popularity was immense, and while it was well patronized all the time, there were certain days when the jam of youngsters was so great that moving out of one's place in the crowd was impossible. These were the

occasions when the school chil- d r e n came by battalions in charge of their teachers, the admission fee being nominal if not entirely gratis. In was on

one of these days, when the progress of the trooping youth had become entirely blocked, that "Sangio,"the curator, ingeniously relieved the congestion by painting the strange word, "Egress,''over a rear and unused door. The more

inquisitive of the crowd detected the new sign, concluded it indicated the cage of some new and probably savage animal, and 6.—BABFOOT MONUMENT IN SALT LAKE

CITY CEMETEKY, surged out pellmell through the

Marking the resting place of Joseph L. door. The pushing stream beBi.rfoot, of whom those who knew him

love to speak as "One of Nature's hind made return impossible, of noblemen."course, and before the throng inside had become wise to the ruse normal conditions had been restored. black, cinnamon and grizIn those days there were bears—brown,

zly; wolverines, mountain lions, wildcats, lynx, porcupines, badgers,

antelopes, deer, coyotes, wolves, and for a very brief period a specimen of Mephitis, better known as skunk; there were minks and musk rats

hawks, eagles, crows, cranes, owls and gulls, besides a cage of songbirds; there were snakes, lizards and hornedtoads; and most splendid of

all, there were the imported monkeys, and "Sangio's happy family,"one cage housing dog, cat, blackbird, pigeons, pups, kittens, chickens and numerous other more or less antagonistic species. Occasionally

there would be a twoheaded calf or some other passing freak or monstrosity; and there soon began to be collections of coins and curios. But

foremost in the plans of the management—and in the interest of the

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 959

visitors, too—was the "zoo"feature, for which the original curator was

especially qualified, actually seeming to possess the gift—so we used to

think—of talking to each particular beast in its own particular language. The animals knew him, and appeared to like him, and if he was

not actually a naturalborn trainer, without doubt he could have easily made himself an expert in this line.

The institution, as stated, was founded by John W. Young, just

prior to or about the time of the advent of the railroad; and it was first

housed in the low structure behind the old wall west of the Lion House, and at or immediately east of where College Avenue now is. The animal

cages were inside as well as in front and in rear of the building, and took up much the greater part of the space. The museum portion occupied

7.—THE CHURCH UNIVERSITY BUILDING,

'Erected by the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific AssociaDion, 1892-3. On the top

floor of this building part of the Deseret Museum collections were exhibited from

March, 1893, to July, 1903. The building with its grounds was transferred to the

Universitv of Utah as part of an endowment gift; and subsequently the title passed

to the State of Utah. thence to Salt Lake City, and lastly to the City Board of Education. The structure is now used by the Salt Lake City High School.

960 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

one small room, which furnished sufficient space for the interesting relics and curios comprising the collection. The man in charge was

Sangiovanni, a jolly, clever and loquacious son of sunny Italy, who fit into the position as if made for it. But science was not his forte, and

no efforts were put forth by him, or at that time by any one else, to promote this aspect or field of the institution.

After a time the museum quarters were required for the use of the

Deseret Telegraph, company, and the collection—now shorn almost bare of

8.—THE VERMONT BUILDING, ERECTED IN 190910.

This structure covers the site of the Museum's second home f see illustration

Museum was here reopened to the public July 11, 1911, following a period of eight years during which the collections had remained in storage.

its "zoo"character—was removed to the upper floor of the historic

building that stood nearly opposite the south gate of the Temple block.

There was still a cage or two of small animals and one of birds, kept in the yard, but they did not remain long after coming to the new quarters.

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 961

The museum collection, on the other hand, began to grow rapidly and was much enjoyed by the few who were anxious enough to inspect it to make their way around to the rear of the long building and climb the rickety stairs on the outside. That great naturalist,—whose worth

inwas perhaps never realized—Joseph L. Barfoot, had been placed

charge; and his patience, his erudition and his unfailing willingness to

devote his time and talents free to the public, gave to the Museum the character of a veritable mine of information. His capacity for work

9.—EAST ROOM ON THE SECOND FLOOR OF THE VERMONT BUILDING.

This shows one of the lare Museum rooms before the installation of the exhibits.

was prodigious, and his knowledge vast and inexhaustible. He contributed regularly and voluminously to all the periodicals of the day, and did

incalculable good in awakening an interest in and popularizing hitherto dry scientific subjects by his luminous treatment of them. It was not

long before the lower floor of the building, heretofore occupied as a school, was also brought into use for the Museum, which grew rapidly in extent as well as in educational value through thorough and accurate classification. Prc-f. Barfoot died in April, 1882, lamented sincerely

by the circle who knew him well, and respected by the entire community. 962 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

With his departure, the now very valuable institution went into a period, perhaps not of decline, but certainly of inactivity. The

Museum was financially and otherwise embarrassed, and was in no position to exploit or extend its usefulness. Temporary curators, more

properly caretakers or watchmen, during the three following years were Messrs. Ford and Schofield; and the much beloved George Reynolds had for a time his literary "den"in one of its obscure corners,

10.—THE MINERAL SECTION.

Here are exhibited over eight thousand minerals, many of them choice crystals. The

three large specimens seen through the end panel of the case in the foreground are casts of large gold nuggets. The cases shown in this corridor are made of thick

glass with oak frames; the shelves are covered with black cloth, thus affording a

most effective background. Iron uprights of 1-inch pipe, suitably braced, support

the shelves; this construction insures the framework against strain from

weight.

and was quasicustodian in charge, doing there some of his best and most enduring work.

In 1891, Dr. James E. Talmage, then president of the Latterday Saints College, now the Latterday Saints University, took charge

of the Museum. At this critical time the property on which the

adobe home of the Museum stood changed hands and the collections were removed to the Templeton building. With Dr. Talmage's acceptTHE DESERET MLSEUM. 963

ance of the directorship, a new era in the management and conduct of the Museum was inaugurated.

John Q. Cannon,

Secretary Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association, Salt Lake City,

Utah, May 5, 1911.

The building referred to by Mr. Cannon as the second home

of the Museum had been erected as a store for general merchan-

n. -A VIEW IN THE ANNEX TO THE MINERAL SECTION.

Tbe case in the foreground contains a splendid exhibit of calcareous deposits from caves, including stalactites and stalagmites of many unusual forms, and a number of Aragonite specimens in feathery forms, "as delicate as frost flowers, and as fragile as spun glass. "The case here shown is a type of the new cases

recently installed; they are constructed of plate glass with a framework of

bronze. The shelves are all of heavy plate glass.

dise. In the illustration presented herewith, (No. 4) it is indicated by an arrow. This picture, by the way, is otherwise interesting, as it presents a general view of the Temple block before

the foundations of the great temple had risen above the ground.

The view is taken looking southward from a point near the junction of East Temple and Center streets, on the slopes of Capitol

Hill. With the removal of the institution to its new home its

964 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

name was changed, and for several years thereafter it was known as the "Salt Lake City Museum,"though even before its change of location the name "Deseret Museum and Menagerie"had found its way into print. In the Salt Lake Herald (Vol. I, No. 290>

May, 1871) appeared the following notice of removal:

The Deseret Museum and Menagerie has been removed from its former location to more roomy premises opposite the south entrance to the Tabernacle. The place just vacated by the Museum has

become entirely too small for the large and interesting collection of

12—CASE CONTAINING HUGE CRYSTALS OF SELENITE, THE TRANSPARENT VARIETY OF GYPSUM.

Here are exhibited the largest perfect prisms, twins and combination forms of this mineral, yet reported from any part of the world. Of the following picures, Nos. 13, 11 and 15 illustrate the deposit from which these crystals were

taken.

specimens which Mr. John W. Young, the proprietor, and Professor

Barfoot, the superintendent, have collected.

The status of the Museum remained that of a private institution, and, as late as 1874, the label stamp read, "The Salt Lake

City Museum, J. W. Young, Proprietor."

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 965

The man to whose ability and energy is due the continued existence of the Museum during its period of dire poverty and hard struggle was Joseph L. Barfoot, the second curator,

and the gentleman to whom Secretary John Q. Cannon refers in

terms of wellmerited appreciation and well deserved respect.

Joseph L. Barfoot was a diamond in the rough; a diamond of the

13—COLOSSAL GEODE OF SELENITE, AS DISCOVERED IN SOUTH

WASH, WAYNE COUNTY, UTAH, AND EXPLOITED

UNDER THS AUSPICES OF THE DESERET MUSEUM.

This was left exposed in the condition here shown by the weathering of the sandstone matrix in which it was formed. The mass consisted of a gypsum shell, to the

inner surface of which the great crystals were attached. The geode, which from a

distance had the appearance of a glistening mound, was approximately 35 feet in length, 10 feet in average breadth, and stood 20 feet above the ground on the lower side. The photograph was taken in 189a, just before the removal of crystals

was commenced. A natural opening is seen on the front side.

966 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

first water, whose worth was known to few and appreciated by fewer. As I look over the old records and go through the timestained papers that were once in Barfoot 's custody, many of them

written by his own hand, I read a story of devotion to the cause of scientific investigation which to me is an everpresent inspiration and encouragement. Whatever the foreground of our

museum picture may yet come to be, one of its principal charms will be found in the background of faithful service incidental to the efforts of its promoters and supporters in the early years of its checkered history.

Joseph L. Barfoot was born March 29, 1816, within the walls

of Warwick Castle, England. He came to Utah in 1865, and

died here on the 25th of April, 1882. In the Deseret News of

April, 26, 1882, appears the announcement of his death. Part of

the article is here quoted:

The death of Professor Joseph L. Barfoot occurred at 4:45 a. m.

yesterday in his room on the upper floor of the Museum building. He

had been suffering for some time from bronchitis, but no one anticipated that the end was so near. On Saturday he was at his post in

the Museum, of which he was curator, as usual, and slept well from nine that night till four a. m. yesterday. At that hour he awoke

and was seized with a severe fit of coughing. He requested his wife

to summon Dr. H. J. Richards, who soon arrived, but he had become

unconscious, and passed away quietly as if falling into a gentle sleep.

During the whole course of his life Brother Barfoot had devoted himself to the attainment of scientific knowledge, which he, by patient research and assiduity,succeeded in accumulating to a remarkable degree.

In fact there is scarcely a branch of exact science with which he was not more or less familiar. Several years ago Hon. John W.

Young founded the nucleus of a museum, and being aware of the professor's attainments, employed him a portion of his time daily to classify the different specimens belonging to and which were constantly being brought into the institution. Finally he became the curator, which

position he retained after the Museum changed hands, and held it to the time of his death.

His position in the Museum was one for which his nature and education admirably adapted him, and the vacancy created by his death will not be easily filled.

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 967

Deceased was a lineal descendant of Robert the Bruce, King of

Scotland, and heir to the earldom of Crawford. He was also directly

descended, on the side of his mother, Sophia Louisa Ridley, from Bishop

Ridley, of historic fame, who was martyred at Smithfield.

Volumes might be written concerning this good and learned man, the story of whose life presents an almost perpetual struggle with

14.—INTERIOR OF SELENITE GEODE SHOWN IN NO. 13.

This photograph was taken by placing the camera at the mouth of the cavelike opening, looking inward. Enormous prisms appear projecting inward from the

walls of the cavern, and in some instances extending from side to side, "suggesting, but for their singular beauty, the heavy timbers of a deep mine."

poverty. His devotion to the pursuit of truth was heroic, his kindness of heart proverbial, and his integrity to his honest conviction

unwavering and unsullied.

In the city cemetery is a block of native granite, rough hewn, 968 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

except for a scroll on one side. On this carven page appears the

inscription:

Tribute of friends to the memory of a

Natural Nobleman, Joseph L. Barfoot, Scientist, Saint.

Born 1816, Warwick Castle, England.

Died 1882, Salt Lake City.

The roughhewn granite block speaks of his character; the

epitaph tells the truth.

Sometime toward the end of the '70's, the ownership of the

Museum passed to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, more commonly known as the "Mormon"Church. In line with

its principle of fostering and promoting public education, the

Church acquired possession of the museum collections with the purpose of developing the institution as a means of increasing and diffusing knowledge among the people. However, in those days

but little money could be spared for other than necessities, and the bare maintenance of the Museum involved sacrifice and devotion. During this period of its history the Museum had as its

executive head the highest official of the "Mormon"Church, viz.,

the president, who was known as the Proprietorin-Trust.

Among the old papers belonging to the Museum is a sheet in.

Curator Barfoot 's own writing, which, while undated, was probably written in 1878. This paper reads as follows:

The Deseret Museum was founded in the fall of 1869 by John W.

Young, under the patronage and by direction of the late President Brigham Young. For many years antecedent to this, collections of antiquities and curiosities had been made by the "Mormon"missionaries in

various countries, many of which are now seen in the cabinets of the

Museum. The opening of the mines in 1865 by General P. E. Connor,

and the stimulus given to mining industry in 187071 and subsequently, led to a large influx of strangers who contributed handsomely to the newlyopened Museum, evidences of which are seen and permanently remain as a testimony of the liberality of the miners and prospectors of those days. Besides these advantages, the patronage of wealthy residents greatly aided in the extension of the Museum. At present the

exhibit is confined to a very limited space in a poorly lighted and illprovided building opposite the Tabernacle gates. Very recently the

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 969

entire control and ownership of the Museum has passed into the hands of the people, as may be seen in a notification to that effect in the

Deseret News. President John Taylor is the Proprietorin-Trust.

Contents in brief: Cabinets of local minerals and ores; manufactured articles, among which may be mentioned a garment made of

dog's hair; a valuable cabinet of coins of all ages and countries; photographs of the "Mormon"dignitaries from the Prophet Joseph Smith to

the present leader, John Taylor; fossils of the region, among which are

those of the elephant, (Mammoth) etc.; specimens of the fauna and flora

of the Rocky Mountains; a large and very valuable collection of Indian

and Stone Age relics and curiosities; many specimens of local birds, some

kept alive for exhibition; an almost complete set of the Government

reports, maps, charts, etc., which are kept for reference.

With the changes now in contemplation the enlarged premises will enable the curator to show things to more advantage.

It

v K M f WW*\*l V *

15.—GROUP OF SELENITE CtlYSTALS.

A crystal aggregate, weighing when in the condition here shown,about 650 pounds.

As trimmed to the state in which it is now mounted in the Deseret Museum, the group weighs over 550 pounds. This mass of interlocking prisms was taken from

the floor of the cavern shown in No 14; when in place the top of the group was

partly cevered by loose rubbish brought into the cavern by mountainrats;

this loose material is seen in the last Illustration.

970 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The present name of the institution, Deseret Museum, seems to have come into use by popular assent before it had been officially adopted. With the change of proprietorship, whereby

the institution came into the possession of the Church, the name became fixed.

"Deseret"is a name in very general use in Utah and is exclusively a "Mormon"designation. It is a matter of record

that in the many futile attempts to secure statehood for the Territory of Utah, the people proposed to call the prospective State "Deseret;"indeed even before the organization of the Territory

of Utah, the pioneer colonists had established among themselves the ''Provisional Government of the State of Deseret. ''"Deseret'

is a Book of Mormon word, signifying the honey bee. Thus we

read in the account given of the departure of Jared and his colony from the tower of Babel after the confusion of tongues:

"And they did also carry with them Deseret, which by interpretation is a honey bee; and thus they did carry with them swarms

of bees"(Book of Mormon, Ether 2: 3),

Although the people were denied the fulfilment of their desire to make this the name of the commonwealth created by their zeal and toil, they adopted the beehive as the official emblem on the

Seal of State; and moreover, "Deseret"is perpetuated as a

distinctive designation in many applications. Thus we have the

pioneer newspaper of the intermountain region, Deseret News—the

Deseret National Bank, the Deseret Savings Bank, the Des-—the

eret Sunday School Union, the Deseret Gymnasium, and in addition there are irrigation companies, factories, societies and industrial organizations, all bearing this name; and moreover, there is

still in flourishing existence the Deseret Museum.

From April, 1882, when Joseph L. Barfoot died, to January,

1891, when the present director was placed in charge, the museum collections were left in the custody of a succession of caretakers, none of whom made pretension to scientific qualification or trained ability. But for the devoted service and selfsacrificing efforts of

Messrs. George Reynolds and Don Carlos Young, who, as officers

of the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association, exercised an efficient supervision, the Museum, instead of passing into a state of suspended activity only, would have suffered actual dissolution.

During this period of interrupted growth, the institution

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 971

underwent another change of ownership. In June, 1885, the Salt

Lake Literary and Scientific Association was organized, and in the month following was duly incorporated under the laws of the Ter16.—A CORNER IN THE CORRIDOR DEVOTED TO REPRESENTATIONS OF EXTINCT

ANIMALS.

In the foreground is seen a cast of the head and tusks of a Mammoth (Elephas ganessa). In the midground appears the skull of the monstrous Dinothere

P'obably the largest mammal that ever walked the earth: its femur or thigh

bone hangs on a pillar near by. To the left of the center is seen the skull of

the Mastodon, with its huge, spreading tusks.

ritory of Utah. The purposes of this organization are set forth in

its articles of incorporation as follows:

The objects of said corporation are to found and maintain a repository and collection of natural, scientific and literary curiosities and works of art; and to aid its members in literary and scientific pursuits,

and not for pecuniary profit; and for the purposes aforesaid the corporation may buy, sell, lease, hire and exchange such real estate and personal property as may be necessary, suitable or convenient, and hold and

use the same for the purposes of the corporation.

Soon after its organization, the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association acquired possession of the Deseret Museum and the parcel of ground upon which stood the diminutive museum 972 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

home. This property was sold by the Association in 1890, and

thus arose the imperative necessity of providing other quarters for the Museum. A partial installation was made in a large room

on the ground floor of the Templeton building, and therein the exhibits were reopened to the public in January, 1891. These

crowded quarters proved wholly inadequate and otherwise inconvenient. The side door to the museum room opened into an alley

in which coal was delivered to the building, and many of the collections suffered serious injury from coal dust. In 1892-3 the

Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association used the funds secured by the sale of the museum lot in the erection of a threestory building on what was then known as the Ellerbeck property on

First North street, between First and Second West streets. The

Deseret Museum collections were installed on the top floor, the remaining portions of the building being fitted up as laboratories and lecture rooms and used for instruction work in connection with the Church University.

From 1891 to 1903, the curator had the assistance of Mr. J.

Reuben Clark, Jr., to whom much credit is due for the successful

operation of the Museum during this period. Mr. Clark was at

that time a student, first in the Latterday Saints College, afterward in the University of Utah, from both of which schools he graduated with honor. Later he completed a course in the

law school of Columbia University, and is now the Solicitor of State of the United States.

The collections were exhibited in the Church University building for a little over ten years, specifically from March 17, 1893, to July 30, 1903. Then another change became necessary. In

pursuance of its purpose of assisting in the educational growth of the community, the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association had endowed a chair in the University of Utah with provision for its perpetual maintenance. The gift is thus chronicled in the

official publication of the University:

In April, 1894, the University became the recipient of a handsome endowment, the first of its kind in the history of the institution to come from private sources. The Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association,

an educational organization of Utah, endowed the chair of Geology to the amount of sixty thousand dollars, this fund to be kept intact and the proceeds to be used for the support of the chair named. Acting

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 973

under the terms of the law governing the endowment of departments in the University, the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association named the chair "The Deseret Professorship of Geology."

With the endowment went the use of the Church University building at a nominal rental for a term of years, and at the expiration of that term the title to the building and grounds passed to the University of Utah. The building is at present used in con17.—A CORNER IN THE SECTION DEVOTED TO ZOOLOGY.

Here are seen mounted specimens of the Elk or Wapiti, adult male and female, and a halfgrown doe. To the left is a mounted Bighorn or Mountain Sheep.

Tn the zoological collection over five hundred specimens are on exhibition.

nection with the scientific department of the Salt Lake City High

School.

As stated, these changes necessitated another removal of the museum collections and the institution found itself without a home of any kind. Not even the adobe tenements of early days were at

its service. The collections were boxed and placed in storage, and

so they remained from July, 1903, until July, 1910. In the month

last named the work of installing the collections in the new Vermont building was begun. This structure stands at the corner of

lot, and South Temple and Richards streets, on the old museum 974 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

covers the site already described as the second abiding place of the institution.

The Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association found itself without means to provide for the maintenance of the Museum;

moreover, the Association had incurred heavy obligations in connection with the erection of the Church University building, and in the endowment of the professorship in the University of Utah.

In November, 1899, the Association transferred the Deseret

Museum collections to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, with which body the title still rests. The entire second

floor of the Vermont building, together with additional space in the basement and on other floors, has been placed at the service of the institution. The work of installing and arranging the collections for public inspection progressed slowly owing to the limited

help employed, and not until July 11, 1911, were the doors of the new museum quarters opened to the public.

In the work of reinstallation, and in the operation of the

Museum since its reopening, the director has been greatly assisted by the able labors of Mr. William Forsberg, who resigned an

instructorship in the University of Utah to enter the museum service. Much of the convenience and attractiveness of the exhibits

as they appear today must be credited to Mr. Forsberg's skill and

devotion.

Excepting the space occupied by the offices of the director an entire floor of the Vermont is devoted to exhibition purposes.

A lightwell divides the floor into east and west halls, and these are again divided longitudinally by rows of panelled pillars, each pillar presenting four surfaces, of use as hangingspace. The

exhibition rooms now in use afford about seventyfive hundred square feet of floor space; and while this is small as gaged by

present needs, it is great in comparison with the cramped quarters heretofore occupied by the museum displays. The photograph

reproduced in the illustration No. 9 shows the general appearance

of the exhibition rooms before the installation of cases. A number of oakframe cases used in the Church University building

have been remodeled for present service, but many new cases have been added, and these are of the best models, constructed throughout of heavy plateglass and bronze. The corridor devoted

to minerals and rocks contains fourteen upright cases, in which

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 975

are displayed about eight thousand specimens. The plan of classification according to which the specimens are grouped is popular

rather than technical.

Among the mineral exhibits there are two cases which never fail to arouse the interest of students and visitors in general. One

of these is shown in the foreground of illustration No. 11; it contains a fine collection of cave deposits from the Iron Blossom

IS. -A VIEW IN THE ETHNOLOGY SECTION.

The case shown in the foreground and the one next beyond contain a number of human bodies taken from the burial caves of the ancieat Cliff Dwellers, in San

Juan County,Utah. There are the remains of a number of men, women and children, with several hundred artifacts, such as weapons, tools, household implements, ornaments and articles of clothing.

mine, near Eureka, Utah. Beside stalactites and stalagmites of

ordinary forms there are numerous specimens of very unusual twisted, contorted and convoluted; but mostshapes—bent and

striking of all are the groups of feathery Aragonite, as delicate as frost flowers and as fragile as spun glass.

The other case referred to as of surpassing interest holds the largest mineral crystals of approximately perfect form yet reported from any part of the world. These are the famous Sel97G IMPROVEMENT ERA.

enites, or gypsum crystals, for the discovery and exploitation of which the Deseret Museum has been accorded much credit and praise. Here are to be seen single prisms three and a half to

four feet in length, weighing from seventyfive to one hundred and fifty pounds each; magnificent twins of from twenty to eighty

pounds each; cleaved slabs, some of them of perfect transparency,

and ranging from a square foot to eight or ten square feet in surface. Mounted by itself is a group of Selenite crystals, the like of

which has never been found. Trimmed to its present dimensions

this huge crystalaggregate weighs five hundred and fifty pounds;

as taken from the colossal geode in which in occurred it was fully a hundred pounds heavier. The general interest shown in these

specimens warrants at least brief mention of their occurrence.

These mammoth crystals were removed from an isolated deposit in the stretch of desertland known as the South Wash, in Wayne County, Utah; the discovery was made in the fall of

1892, and the work of removal began six months later. The

crystals occurred as the lining of a huge geode which had been exposed to view by the weathering of the sandstone matrix. Over

fifty tons of crystals were taken from the deposit, and of these, specimens are now to be found in many prominent museums of this country and Europe. The first announcement of the discovery

appeared in 1893, and from the writer's description then published the following excerpts are reproduced:*

The writer is pleased to report a deposit of selenite in southern

Utah, which is remarkable for the size, perfection and variety of the crystals there to be found. * * *

The crystals occur in a cave, and this is inclosed by a thick shell forming a mound which stands in relief on the side of a hill bounding the

Wash. Of this formation a good idea may be gained from Fig 2, [No.

13 of the illustrations presented herewith] which is reproduced from a photograph. The mound is somewhat of an eggshape, 35 feet in length

east and west, 10 feet in breadth, and of an average height of 20 feet from the ground on the lower side, all outside measurements. This selenite mass seems to have been left exposed by the weathering of the loosened, friable sand and clay, of which the hill whereon the mound is situ-

*See Science, Vol. XXI, No. 524, February 17, 1893, pp.. 85-6, "A

Remarkable Occurrence of Selenite."

THE DESERET MUSEUM. 977

ated is composed. The mound consists entirely of selenite, the outside

having a somewhat battered and roughened appearance from the action of the winddriven sand; yet the whole exterior is made up of the

exposed ends and sides of crystals, and in the sunlight the formation glistens with indescribable beauty. The outer walls are generally regular, though there are a few depressions and sheltered niches, within

which small prisims of selenite nestle snugly in groups.

The entrance to the cavern faces the east, and when first observed by the writer it was about six feet in height, and three and a half in

19.—OFFICES OF THE DIRECTOR, DESEBET MUSEUM.

width. The cave can be traversed to the depth of 26 feet. Generally

the crystals project from either side toward the central line of the cavern, approaching each other within about three feet, though some of the largest crystals extend entirely across the cavern like huge beams.

Fig. 3 [No. 14 in the present series] is from a photograph of the

interior of the cave, one massive crystal having been sawn off to afford a better view. The floor of the cavern consists mostly of sand, probably

deposited by water in flood times, and carried in at all seasons by winds.

Projecting out of the sandy floor are the terminations of many superb crystals. Inside the cavern, a yard from the entrance, the crystals

descend within three feet of the bottom, so that one has to stoop to pass; but farther in there is room to stand erect, and near the back wall

978 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a person may clamber up to a height of fifteen feet. Looking upward

from the bottom of the cavern, one sees a mass of mammoth prisms, suggesting, but for their singular beauty, the heavy timbers of a deep mine. The entire deposit is a colossal group of crystals, the like of

which is seldom to be seen.

Prisms of perfect form and varying in length from one to five feet, and in weight from ten to one hundred pounds, are of frequent occurrence. One of the most regular yet taken out is four feet long, and the

widest faces are six inches across. Cleaved slabs are obtainable six feet

in length, and two and a half feet in breadth. One of the longest perfect prisms yet obtained extends fiftyone inches, and from one of its

faces nineteen smaller crystals sprout. Twins are common, as are also

compound terminations of very complicated structure. A magnificent

group, weighing over six hundred pounds was removed from the floor of the cavern; it was set up on the outside and photographed (see Fig. 4).

[No. 15 as here reproduced.]

As to the habit of the crystals, in the midst of such variety it is difficult to specify. Prisms short and stout, also long and comparatively

slender, are numerous; and of twins, the "swallowtail"vie with the

cruciform and penetration varieties in point of abundance and perfection. Some of the crystals are of perfect transparency, and cleaved

slabs of this quality are common. Sometimes the prisms inclose sand

and clay, which is so distributed as really to add to the beauty of the crystals in the eyes of all save the mineralogist. When fracture planes

are made visible by striking a crystal containing such impurities, the particles appear on the internal planes as on shelves of glass.

In the section devoted to paleontology there are large collections of fossil forms, both originals and casts, the latter including plaster reproductions of many of the extinct monsters. In this

section about thirteen hundred specimens are listed. Among the

most prominent casts are those of Mezozoic reptiles, including land saurians (Dinosaurs) swimming saurians (Enaliosaurs) and flying saurians (Pterosaurs); also heads of the mammoth and mastodon,

with original Elephas fossils of local occurrence; skulls of the

dinothere, the megatherium, the titanotherium, and replicas of many other unique finds. An excellent specimen of the daemonelix, commonly known as the Devil's Corkscrew, is among the recent acquisitions.

The exhibits of mounted birds and mammals and other verteTHE DESERET MUSEUM. 979

brate preparations comprise about five hundred listed specimens, with much additional material yet to be mounted. The collections

include excellent mounts of the wapiti, or elk, (male, female and young) the pronghorn antelope and other American deer, the bighorn or mountain sheep, an unusually large head of the buffalo or

American bison, wolverines, wolves, badgers, porcupines, (local

20—A VIEW IN THE LABORATORY.

and Asiatic), and representatives of most of the important families of birds native to the West and Middle West.

There are over seventeen hundred listed shells, corals and allied forms; and about six hundred mounted insects, mostly of

local species.

The ethnology section derives special interest from the exhibits of the Cliff Dwellers. This collection comprises human

remains of men, women and children, with a wide variety of artifacts such as tools, weapons, ornaments, sandals and other articles of dress. The bodies, commonly referred to as mummies, owe

their preservation in part to a process of partial embalming, but mainly to natural desiccation incident to their having been a

980 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

entombed in dry caverns or buried in dry, sandy earth. When

disinterred each body was wrapped in "fur and feather cloth"—

fabric woven of rabbitfur and featherdown, with a warp of yucca fibre. Most of the bodies were found in a reclining posture or in

of a man who,a huddledup sitting position; though one—the body

judging from the articles buried with him and from the condition of his sepulchre, was a person of rank and importance—is fully

extended. The desiccation is so nearly complete, and the actual

21.—AS SEEN FROM THE MUSEUM WINDOWS.

The Hotel Utah, adjoining the site occupied bv the adobe hut in which the

Museum had its beginning (see frontispiece. the view is taken looking easterly on South Temple street.

decomposition of tissue so slight, that the hair is still in place, and even the details of physiognomy are preserved.

In addition to the material illustrative of the life of the Cliff

Dwellers, there are cases devoted to the modern Indians, particularly the Indian tribes of the West; to the ethnology of the Hawaiians, the Maoris, the Samoans, and the peoples of the Orient.

The ethnological exhibits comprise about one thousand and fifty listed exhibits.

982 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A section is devoted to local history, and herein are included the extensive and valuable collections brought together by the

Daughters of the Utah Pioneers, comprising a great array of material telling the story of struggle and effort in the early days of Utah's colonization. These invaluable collections are so extensive and varied as to require a separate booklet for even a general

description.

In this section is preserved the pioneer press, on which was printed the first intermountain newspaper—the Deseret News, and

alongside is hung a copy of the first issue, dated June 15, 1850.

Of special interest to the people of Utah and to the members of the "Mormon"Church, is the press from which issued the first edition of the Book of Mormon, printed in 1830. Among the other

objects of special interest are the artillery pieces used by the early militia, and still occasionally called into service in ceremonial salutes.

In addition to its exhibition rooms the Museum is provided with library quarters, in which are preserved over two thousand volumes, either its own possessions or loans, among which are many rare editions of increasing interest and value. There are

also preparationrooms and rooms for storage in the welllighted basement, and these, though spacious, are already taxed to their capacity.

The office rooms are modern in arrangement and equipment, and no essential provision has been omitted. In connection with

the director's office quarters is a laboratory admirably equipped fur investigation and research. Besides the usual provisions for hot

and cold water, electric current for light and power, distilled water apparatus, gas, etc., there is a specially constructed hood

with fan draft, and in addition a compressedair plant for blast and furnace operations. A photographic dark room is provided

with all needed accessories.

In its expansion and development the Museum has grown with the city. Its windows look upon stately structures that stand as

lasting monuments of energy and zeal. In its present condition

the Deseret Museum is at once a consummation and a beginning.

The Book of Mormon Originally Written in Hieroglyphics.

BY THOMAS W. BROOKBANK.

III.

There are Jewish memorials among the ancient ruins in

America.

The ancient American system of writing having been referred by the founder of "Mormonism"and others to an Egyptian origin, but which they assert was used in this land by Jews, the question naturally arises as to what evidence can be produced to support the claim that this land was anciently peopled by the Jews.

This matter is so intimately connected with the other relating to the American hieroglyphical system of writing, that it shall receive some attention at the present time.

It is an undisputed fact that when a people leave the land of their birth and education, and settle in another country, they take with themselves, to a greater or less degree, the sciences, the arts and the customs of their fathers, and applying them in their new homes, raise up tokens or monuments by which their racial affinity is revealed. It follows, therefore, that since the Book of

Mormon and the "Mormon"people claim a Jewish parentage for some of the ancient Americans, there should be something somewhere developed among the relics of olden times in this land to show the alleged connection. It is evidence of just this kind

with which the following remarks shall be occupied, and the basis for them is mathematical.

Let us, in the first place, refresh our minds with some facts concerning the Jewish cubit. Dr. Adam Clarke, in his Commentaries f

984 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

gives the length of that measure as twentyone and eight hundred eightyeight thousandths inches. Dr. Angus, in his Bible Hand

Book says it was 1.824 feet, which reduce to the same figures in

inches as those of Dr. Clarke. The American Tract Society in its

Bible Atlas and Gazetteer gives 1 foot and 9.888 inches, or 21.888

inches as in both the other cases cited. This length is therefore

the standard for the Jewish cubit, as accepted by learned authorities. Its length was ascertained and fixed by careful, scientific

investigations and measurements. Now, what "chance"is there

that such a measure—running into the uncommonly used thousandth part of an inch—will measure English feet and inches in

any unprepared example with)ut the least fractional part over or under? Doubtful of finding any examples close at hand, let us go

down ti the ruined pahce at Palenque, and, as Mr. Stephens did,

(Vol. II, page 310) measure the front of the grand palace in that

ancient city. It is 228 feet long, or exactly 125 Jewish cubits.

(228 x 12=2,736; 2,73621.888=125). Notice how these cubits

have been run off to the easily reckoned number of 125. In that

same ruined city there is another building which is 76 feet long (Vol II, page 339) and these equal, without any variation, fortyone and twothirds Jewish cubits. (76x12=912; 912--21.888=

41). Neither of these lengths is a common one in the dimensions

of buildings; and no one can charge that Joseph Smith or Sidney

Rigdon, or any other "Mormon"fixed the standard of the Jewish cubit, or built those walls in Palenque, or measured their face.

It will doubtless be objected t tat the application of a measure fortyone and two thirds times, as in the last example, is not convincing that the cubit was used when that 76foot wall was laid—

not so much so as if the number of cubits was 42, 45 or 50, for instance. In reply, it shall be shown later how these cubits running into thirds could have been measured off by a scientific

method which wholly obviates this objection.

Other measurements which are not very common in walls or masonry in general, are 62 and 31 feet respectively (Vol. II, page

344, and Ancient America, page 142). 62 feet equal 34 cubits,

with a variation of 192 of an inch, or about onefifth. 31 feet

are 17 cubits, and the variation is only.096 of an inch, or practically onetenth. With a standard of onehalf cubit, 21 feet

THE BOOK OF MORMON IN HIEROGLYPHICS. 985

(A. A. page 122) equal 23 half cubits, with a variation of.288 of

an inch. Another example is four feet, seven inches, (Vol. II,

page 351) which are five half cubits within.280 of an inch. Taking

the third part of a cubit into the account we have, among others, the following comparative measurements:

149 feet equals 81 cubits Variation.480 of an inch "17 ""9J ".288 "28 ""15J ".384

2 ft. 5 in. "1J "".184

Out of all the different definite measurements, except thse taken of the "slopes"of pyramids, etc., and two others (two

inches in one case, and a fractional number in tenths in the other) which we have been able to find in the two volumes of Stephens'works already mentioned, and in Baldwin's Ancient America, (excluding those given by the latter of the remains of the Moundbuilders) making in all one hundred and twentyfive, there are fiftytwo that will measure in whole cubits, halves or thirds, with a variation ranging from nothing to less than an inch, little more than onehalfor with an average of.543 of an inch—a

for the one hundred and twentyfive measurements the average—and

variations as found when applying a standard no shorter than a third of a cubit—that being a fraction over seven inches—is about an

inch and a half. The use of a seveninch "rule"allows room

for a variation of several inches in each case. A sixth of a

cubit, or less, was not used in a single one of the tested examples of comparative measurements.

A very noticeable peculiarity connected with the dimensions specified in the volumes already named, is that more than onethird of them occur in numbers that are multiples of five or ten, as, 15,; and the question naturally arises as to how a20, 25, 30, etc.

Nephite measure of length could be constructed scientifically on the basis of the Jewish cubit so as to give exactly or approximately such multiple dimensions, and at the same time make these and other measurements occur among the Nephites, not in exceptional or uncommon, but in easily reckoned numbers, or according to a corresponding five or ten multiple principle, which apparently was used as the cited and other numerous multiple numbers indicate.

986 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

It dois not seem possible on its face that such a measure could be devised, and hence when it is made manifest how one of that kind was almost certainly constructed and used, the evidence becomes all the stronger that the Jewish cubit was the basis of measurement when the ruined palaces, etc., of ancient America

were originally built.

Our "squares"of two feet are marked off into twentyfour small sections, each called an inch. An identical division of the

cubit into tventyfour parts obtained among the Jews (see

The Bible Hand Book, page 285; and the Am. T. Society's Bible

Atlas and Gazetteer, page 31). These small cubital divisions are

called digits, and each was.912 of an inch in length, or about

ninetenths of our inch. Now, we do not restrict ourselves to the

use of a "square"in all cases when measuring distance; but often

employ other standards based on the English foot, as, for examples, a chain of sixtysix feet, and a tapeline of seventyfive feet—the latter being equal to nine hundred inches.

The people who lived in America anciently were far advanced in science and art, and it is absurd to suppose that, in all their measurements of length or distance, they confined themselves to the use of a "square"21.888 inches long. On the contrary, it appears that they improved on our "tapeline"of nine

hundred inches, and made one that was an even one thousand digits long.

This is the longer hypothetical measure used by the Nephites, and it is established as the actual one just in proportion as it will fulfil the several requirements of the case heretofore noticed.

Stephens, as we remember, gives 76 feet as the front of one of the buildings at Palenque. 76 jeet is the exact length of the Nephite Jewish "tapeline"—-1,000 digits long; and referringto a statement already made, those 41 cubits could have been measured by

simply taking the length of the line once. The same author gives

228 feet as the face of the grand palace in that ruined city.

That building is precisely three, Nephite "tapelines"long—1,000

digits each. The front of another building (Vol. II, page 359)

is 38 feet. These are without any variation one half of the line.

Baldwin (Ancient America, page 135) gives 19 feet as one of the dimensions of a certain wall. 19 feet arejust onefourth oj the line.

THE BOOK OF MORMON IN HIEROGLYPHICS. 987

These are all the known dimensions which can be measured by the use of the "line"without any variation; but when we remember that walls are not often built within a small fraction of their

intended length, it is remarkable to find a single one which will pass the test in the manner just illustrated. There are others

which vary but little, and among them are the following examples;

60 fe et equal 790 digits Variation.480 of an inch

3 * 40.480

"".240 1 '6 in 20

250 'i i 3,290.480

16 '210 4 4.480

"140 4 4.320 10 '8 in

8 '5 in 4 < 110 4 4.680

22 '4 4 290 4 4.480

"".240 105 8 '

122 '1,605 44.240

30 '. 395.240

68 '4 4 895 44.240

11 '1 4 145 4 4.240

160 '4 4 2,105 4444.240

70 '920.960

"75 4 4.400 5 '8 in

4 4 4 4 1 '11 ir 25.200

"355 4.240 27 '

"35 4 4.080 2 '8 in

4 '1 7 in 4 4 60 44.280

"a.720 1,935 147 '

Fortyseven examples out of the whole number (125) give an average variation when tested in the same way of only.414 of an

little more than twofifths; and the average for all of theminch—a

does not greatly exceed an inch.

It may appear to some readers who superficially scan the foregoing table, that the standard of a single digit, or only.912

of an inch was used in making these tests, but no greater mistake can be made. Let it be observed that in one of these examples

the variation is more than a digit, and that every one of the numbers standing for the digits is a multiple of five or ten, and from this fact it is manifest to all that practically the standard used was not a single digit, but blocks of five or ten of them taken together.

988 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This circumstance puts a very different phase on the matter, and that hypothetical "tapeline"of 1,000 digits appears to be fairly well established as an actuality.

A people who were sufficiently advanced in practical science to construct a line, or chain, 1,000 digits long, could not fail to see the advantage of marking it off into sections containing 500, 250, 100, 50, 10 and 5 digits respectively, and it would then apply in practice as follows: For four feet seven inches they would

take six of the tendigit sections. For seventy feet, nine of the

hundreddigit, and two of the tendigit divisions, would equal them.

For eight feet five inches, one of the hundred and one of the tendigit sections would measure it. For 250 feet, they could run off

three full chains and two of the hundred and nine of the tendigit divisions; and do the work with little mental exertion, not only in

these, but in all the examples (125) tested; and, if one is so disposed, fractions can be eliminated from the reckoning by taking a

block of five digits as a unit.

[the end.] Snowflakk, Arizona.

Thomas R. Jones, Columbia, South Carolina, May 23, says that the

elders of that place have been having very good success in distributing from one hundred to one hundred and fifty tracts and holding from four to eight wellattended meetings every week.

"We have many friends and a few enemies, and are well treated."The elders in the

picture, from left to right, are, back, George W. Graff,

Cannonville, Utah. Bottom row:

Thomas E. Jones, Malad City,

Idaho; David Harmon, Calder's

Station, Utah; Arnold B. Call,

Chesterfield, Idaho.

Word Pictures of the Yellowstone.

ALFRED LAMBOURNE IV HELL'S HALF ACRE—MIDDLE BASIN

through a narrow valley is seen a clear, green FLOWING river. On one hand is a broad field of ashen gray, with

wells and cauldrons sunk in its surface, and filled with sulphurous waters, trembling like liquid fire, or sleeping in sombre indigo. One cauldron is edged around with white and yellow geyserine, and is being slowly undermined, its walls sinking

piecemeal into the pool below. On one side of this cauldron is an

opening through which its waters empty into the passing Fire Hole

Photo by Hugo B. Ande

River. This, the Cliff Cauldron, or Excelsior Geyser, whose eruptions shake the surrounding earth. Now nothing but pearlytinted

steam rises from off its surface, and melts into the ultramarine sky above. Near by, on the same huge mound, is the Prismatic Lake

beautiful even if terrible; its blue and green limpid depths gleaming

with evil light, as the eyes of a tempting demon.. Streams of the

surplus waters traverse the ashen fields, encrusting their backs with deposits of brilliant red and yellow. On the other hand, across the

river, is greensward dotted with trees and enriched with a profusion of the Fields of Lethe, bordering upon the cf wild flowers—a bit

City of Dis.

From Range to Rostrum.

BY LELLA MARLER HOGGAN.

V.—Cleaning up the "Joint."

For several weeks Phil had spent an occasional evening away from his room. More than once Walter had questioned

him concerning his whereabouts, but he had always jokingly evaded the question. Finally, however, he began to absent himself more

frequently and Walter insisted on knowing where he spent hia evenings. Driven to the wall he was forced to reply.

"Well, Walt,"he growled desperately, "we've got a joint down town all to ourselves. But things ain't panned out like we

calculated, and we're goin'to have a cleanin'up right away now.

You needn't say anything about it, though, 'cause you know a feller likes to hand in his own report."

Walter had confidence in Phil, and so he let the matter drop.

And the "cleanin'up"that Phil spoke of came sooner than he himself had expected, for the dive lost its identity that very night, and newer, better things came to take its place.

There was a vacant store room down town at the back of one of the hotels, and here several boys had collected for a social game of cards now and then. There was not a gymnasium or

reading room in town, and when some of the country boys had become tired of the sight of books, out of sheer desperation they had provided this pastime for themselves. But graver evils had

followed in the wake of the cards—sometimes they played for

money, and sometimes there was whisky or tobacco, or both, and always there was profanity. There had been no corrupt stories,

for the obvious reason that Phil Sherwood and some other fellows

FROM RANGE TO ROSTRUM. 991

like him would not "stand fer it."Only once had any one

attempted to tell a vile joke in which a woman's honor was implicated. That one was Henry Owens, and Phil had hushed him

hurriedly with, "Look here, Hen Owens, I know this ain't no prayermeetin', but you can cut that talk short right here. We don't care about

aiy such rot. My mother's a woman, I'd like to have you know."

"Yes, and you don't need to think you're the only man that's got a mother, either,"put in one of the boys. And Owens'illtemper for the rest of the evening served as a jest for the crowd.

As the social game of cards developed into something worse, more than once the boys had promised themselves that they would find some better place of amusement. Still they continued to

come. On that last night Phil was late, and when he came in he

could tell that some of the boys had been drinking. In fact,

Owens was so intoxicated as not to be responsible for all he said.

More than once he attempted to tell some vile story, but was hushed up. Finally he drew a bottle from his pocket, and proposed a toast. His thick lips could scarcely pronounce the words.

As soon as he made it clear to the boys that the person he meant to toast was Lottie Carey, Phil stopped him short.

"Not another word, Hen Owens!"

he drawled, with an "And what's—what's she to—to—you?"

oath. But he raised his glass and began his toast again.

Phil was on his feet in an instant, and his hand was at

Owens'throat.

"She's a woman, and a lady; and though I'm only an ignorant cowpuncher, I want to tell you I'm man enough to choke the

life out of a cur like you, if you take her name on your foul lips!"

The boys managed to settle the affair quietly, but they all knew in their hearts that the dive was another dead measure, and that Phil had dealt the death blow.

Owens persisted in trying to explain in his drunken way that he had a right to drink a toast to the lady in question, inasmuch as he had been her avowed escort all fall. But Phil was in no mood

for his drunken explanations.

"Shut up, Hen Owens,"he said savagely, "or I'll choke you yet! No man has the right to speak the name of a decent woman

992 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

when his lips are thick with whisky. Besides, 'tain't an hour

since a vile jest was in your mouth. Now attempt to mention a

decent woman, if you dare, and it'll mean slow tunes and flowers fer you, let me promise you!"

That was on Friday night. Phil was appointed speaker.

Accordingly, on Monday, with many misgivings in his own heart and many encouraging words from the boys, he prepared to "tread the carpet;"for the faculty would have to know. He had reported

to the principal, but that dignitary thought it would be better for him to tell his story himself. That was an evening never to be

forgotten by Phil. He did not mince matters in the least. In

his blunt, original, cowboy manner he told the whole story, assuming the major part of the blame. There was only one part he

withheld, and that was Owens'ccnnection with the affair, "If it hadn't been fer a stray cur askin'himself in, we wouldn't 'a'had no booze,"he said. But neither President

Hughes nor all the faculty could persuade him to divulge the name of that "stray cur.""No,"said Phil pleasantly, "he ain't

got our brand on, and he don't bunch with us, and 'tain't no business o'mine what he does."

VI.-—Discussing the Incident.

At the close of the interview Phil walked home silently, and sat grimly gazing into the fire, waiting for Walter to come so he could tell him all about it. He knew that he had betrayed Walt's

confidence, in a way, and he wanted to offer his apology.

"Well, boy, what's gone wrong this time?"questioned

Walter, coming in on him rather suddenly.

"Nothin',"replied Phil. "We've fixed it all up now. Only

I'd like to tell you about it. I'm sorry about that dive, Walt.

Dad'll be sorry, too. 'Cause I ought to 'a'told you right at

first. But dad or the teachers or none of 'em won't blame you,

Walt. I've told 'em you didn't know nothin'about it."

"Then you've reported to the faculty, have you?"

"Yes,"drawled Phil. "But they knew all about it long

ago. They've been layin'for us; and if we hadn't 'a'cleaned the

thing out, they would of. We didn't know it, though."

FROM RANGE TO ROSTRUM. 993

"Go after you pretty hard, did they?"questioned Walter,

drawing a chair up to the fire alongside of Phil's.

"No; not any harder'n we deserved, I guess. You know it's

pretty hard on a bunch of fellers like us, that's been used to runnin'loose all the year round, to be hitched up as soon as we're roped, and to have to step around in a trottin'-harness all day.

By the time school's out, I tell ycu, we're ready to make fer the pasture. But there didn't seem to be no pasture here, not even a

grazin'-field; so we felt obliged to make one. Us fellers have tried

to live up to them rules. Most of us have cut out the drinkin'and

smokin'and saloons, and such things. 'Course, the swearin'that's

different. A feller can't learn a new language in six weeks. We

didn't intend to make a bad place of it when we started out, but we had to go some place to gtt a breathin'spell from the books and lectures and things, and that was the first place we struck, so we flung the pasteboards and stacked the chips. I told the teachers all about it, and they seemed to understand just how we felt.

In fact, they've been gefctin'a place fixed up fer the boys where they can go and have games and sports and such things. I felt

like a whipped cur when President Hughes told me that. But I've

give him my word of honor that us fellers'11 cut out the cards and drinkin'and smokin'and I know the boys'll stay by min it. We

made a kind of a rule, too, amongst ourselves to cut out the swearin,'but I didn't tell him about that."

''Well, Phil, I'm proud of you tonight. Your mother will be

the happiest woman in the state when she sees you next spring.

And now, in return for all this good news you've been telling me,

I have a piece of sad news to tell you. Henry Owens has committed more than one serious offense against the school, and he

refuses to let the school dictate to him in the matter. So he will

have to take the consequences. He is a member of our class, and

President Hughes told me tonight that tomorrow morning he will be suspended from school."

"I reckon he knew who the 'stray cur'was all the time!"

ejaculated Phil, when Walter had finished.

"The stray cur?"questioned Walt.

"Yes; Owens is the feller that brought the whisky into our

'joint.'But we talked it over and decided not to give him away.

994 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

So we just told the teachers it was a stray cur. President Hughes

seemed to be quite anxious about his name, but I guess he knew all right, all the time."

"Yes,"laughed Walter, "I think he knows that Owens is the 'stray cur,'all right."

"Well, Walt, Owens is no good at all. There's a man that

ought to beg his own pardon every night and morning fer keep in'company with himself. It must make a feller feel like the devil to

be in bad company all the time."

VIL—"Mother Will be Glad."

Phil had given his word of honor that he would live up to the rules of the school. And that meant everything to Phil. Never

once did he waver in his purpose. Sometimes temptation crowded

upon him, but with set jaw and clenched fists the big fellow kept to his purpose. He had registered his word with God to make a

man of himself, and he forged ahead fearlessly, knowing that divine help is forever at hand when a man struggling for righteousness falls short.

Walter gave his assistance, not only to Phil but to the entire group of boys who were struggling to overcome their crude manner of expression. Through the long weeks Phil studied and

worked and prayed and grew in strength of character. After a

long meditation before the fire he would often break the silence with, "Its a funny thing, ain't it, Walt, how God took the responsibility of makin'a man of me. It's no trouble at all to do the

right thing, if you just have the right kind of backin', is it?"

And he usually concluded in a low tone, "Mother'll be ever so glad!"VIL—Chosen President of the Student Body.

At holiday time the president of the student body was compelled to discontinue school. This necessitated a reelection of

officers which took place during the first week of the second semester. The students were bubbling over with patriotism and

their enthusiastic campaigning would have ended in a riot had not

President Hughes and several of the teachers come to the rescue.

FROM RANGE TO ROSTRUM. 995

The country students with one voice had nominated Philip Sherwood for the office of president. Phil was at once flattered and

surprised, but he flatly refused to run. However, the students

would name no substitute, and in spite of his objections his name, headed the list of nominees. The school was divided into factions

and the interest ran high. Class mottoes and banners were in

evidence in the balloting room, and the air reverberated with school yells, class yells, and faction yells composed offhand for the occasion. And the campaigning was kept up all afternoon as lustily

as it might have been for a presidential election. At last it was

all over, and the judges of the election came in and declared the result of their count; and to the surprise of the faculty and the

advanced students, and to the complete embarrassment of Philip

Sherwood, he was declared president of the student body.

"I can't do it, Walt!"he confessed bluntly, when they were

alone in their room. "I don't have any idea what ought to be

done."But Walter pledged himself to stand by Phil and help him to fill the office creditably, and he kept his word.

IX.—A Timely Rescue.

That evening as Phil was following a path through some vacant lots, to cut off a quarter of a mile walk on his way home from an outof-town social, he was startled by a woman's scream, and turning about quickly, was completely overwhelmed when

Lottie Carey almost threw herself into his arms, sobbing with fear. "Oh, Mr. Sherwood, you will protect me, won't you? Don't

let him touch me, please, please don't!"

And before Phil had time to ask any questions Henry Owens came up panting and cursing in thick, drunken accents.

Phil did not wait for any explanations. His big fist shot out

quickly and in another moment Owens was wallowing in the snow, trying in vain to regain his footing. He began cursing again

when he recognized Phil, and for a moment, forgetting Lottie's presence, he fell into his old manner of speech.

"Law, Hen, you're too foul to make good coyote bait! A

996 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

respectable prairie dog''lid'leave'you any time to feed off'm a dead horse."

Owens demanded the lady, declaring over and over that he would protect her.

"Yes, like a wolf'd protect a pet lamb!"glared Phil, drawing

Lottie's arm through his tenderly. You'd better get back to bed,

Owens, as soon as you can make your way home, or you'll be in worse trouble than you are now. I've often wondered why God

let's such fellers as you run loose. Of course, we have mosquitos

and skunks in the world, and maybe everything is put here for some purpose, even stray curs like yourself. But what that purpose is God knows, I'm sure I don't!"

of Life Come True. X.—Phil's Dream

Turning abruptly about, he and Lottie Carey walked quickly and silently on until they reached Lottie's own door.

"Mr. Sherwood,"she said tremulously, "how can I ever

thank you enough for your kindness?"

"Oh, that's nothing, Miss Carey, don't speak of it,"he replied gallantly.

His big, strong hand was trembling more than the little white hand she had held out to him. But he was afraid of his own

heart rather than the drunken man. Lottie explained to him how

Owens had followed her from an officers'meeting, and how he had attempted to kiss her.

"The dog!"said Phil. "I wish I had given him more

blows."The two stood silent in the cold, moonlight night. Presently

Lottie said, "I have heard how gallantly you protected me from that man's slurs once before, Mr. Sherwood, and I want to thank you for it.

I am sure I did not deserve it, after what I had said about your being a cowboy."

Phil did not know what to say, so he kept silent. And Lottie

continued, "I did not mean to hurt your feelings, Mr. Sherwood, but

my class had twitted me about you until I did it in sheer desperation, just to show them that I dared."

FROM RANGE TO ROSTRUM. 997

A strange wonder was born in Phil's heart, and he voiced it half to himself and half to her.

"Twitted you about me? And why?"

Lottie avoided his earnest gaze. Her eyes fell, and a crimson

flush overspread her face.

"I had said kind things about you,"she said simply.

Phil's big hand impulsively clasped the little, white one again.

He compelled her to look into his earnest face.

"Then you do not hate me,"he asserted half defiantly.

"How could any one hate you?"was all Lottie could find

to say.

Then the stars rocked before Phil's gaze, and he felt as frightened as a prisoner at the bar. Was it really possible that

this beautiful little woman cared for a big, ignorant fellow like him? He tried to voice the song in his heart, but the words caught

in his throat. There was nothing he could say, so he stooped and

kissed the little woman.

She did not scream or run away, or even chide him. And he

knew that the best dream of his life had come true.

"I have no words to tell you what is in my heart,"he said, "but you understand, don't you?"

"Yes, I understand. And I am very, very happy."Her voice

sank to a whisper.

"Someday,"said Phil, "when I have finished my school work, when I have made a man of myself, I'll be able to say the words.""And until then we shall keep our sweet secret all to ourselves,"she said. "But you must never forget that I am always

waiting and hoping and praying for you."

"If you do that I cannot fail!"he whispered sincerely.

And then he felt two little hands clasping his own. For one

moment he felt her warm breath on his cheek.

"Good night and God bless you!"was all she said, and then

she was gone, and Phil stood alone in the moonlight, wondering if fate really meant it.

(the end.) Lewisville, Idaho.

That Comrade of my Dreams.

(For the Improvement Era.)

When the days are bright and sunny,

And the sky's the nicest blue,

And the trees are tellin'stories

Just so like they used to do;

By a mossgrown mill I wander, Where a silv'ry river gleams Through a fringe of tall tigalders,

With that comrade of my dreams.

I can see the dim, blue mountains

Through the Indian Summer haze,

An'the canyons black and purple

As they were in bygone days;

I can hear the chipmunk chirpin',

An'the eagle's lusty screams,

As I stand, my soul enraptured—

By that comrade of my dreams.

Then we wander through the meadow,

By the big, old cottonwood, Where the swing was made in summer,

And the quaint, old bow'ry stood;

THAT COMRADE OF MY DREAMS. 999

Then once more I hear her laughter,

Sweetest melody it seems As I swing her to the branches

That sweet comrade of my dreams.

There's a path we lov'd to travel,

Where it curved an'wound along

Through the goldenrod an'redtop,

An'the hawthorns big an'strong;

An'just where the cattails rally

In the sun's last ruddy beams,

There [ told the old, old story

To the comrade of my dreams.

Then the path winds by the school house

Where as boy and girl we played,

An'on past the little cottage. Where as man an'wife we prayed;

An'over the wooden footbridge

There a lonely, white stone gleams

Which I bathe in tears an'roses

For that comrade of my dreams.

But when my poor heart is weary

With the burdens of the day, An'the cares of life are crowding

All along my lonely way;

Oft I feel her presence near me

A sweet influence it seems An'I smile in sweet contentment

At the comrade of my dreams.

H. R. Merrill.

Presion, Idaho, June 21, iqu Nation. A Day With Carry

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF "ADDED UPON,""THE CASTLE

BUILDER,""DAUGHTER OF THE NORTH,"ETC.

We left Kansas Citv for the West on the evening of September 17, 1906. The train was belated, and we found ourselves next

morning rolling slowly over the rainsoaked plains of Kansas. As

the morning advanced there was a general awakening among the passengers, an adjustment of chairs and the making of toilets, in which Elder

Delbert Stanger and I took part. We

were returning "Mormon"missionaries. Elder Stanger had labored in

xustralia, and was coming home by way of Europe, thus making a complete tour of the world. We had

been companions from Liverpool.

Directly across the aisle from us sat a "striking"looking wman. She

was large, both in bone and muscle. Her dress was severely black,

and when she had readjusted her toilet for the day she had on a small, Quakerlooking, black bonnet. Her black hair was sprinkled generously with gray. Her nose was rather small and sunken, but she had a prominent lower jaw, and lips that indicated the

firmness of a vise. When she talked, which she was not timid in

doing, it was in a high, clear voice that could be heard in all parts of the car. 1 She attracted our attention from the first.

Presently every] one in 'the car was startled by the woman

A DAY WITH CARRY NATION. 1001

standing on her feet, and repeating in a loud voice one of the psalms of David. After the recitation, she spoke for a few

minutes by way of praise unto the Lord. Then she said, "Let

us pray,"and kneeling by her seat she uttered a prayer that could be heard in every part of the car. Then she arose to her feet

again, and by way of explanation to the astonished passengers, she said, "I give my first and best efforts to God."

As we were still wondering what it all meant, we saw the

QcuiA? fa. i/Va

Behold, I have czealed the smith that htoweth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument fot his woz/t; and I have cieated

the waster, to destroy. "Isaiah LiV. i6.

The Home Defender.

The Home Builder it evei so humble, there's no place like home. "''.'. ///.-:: -.-.-;? '/.'-,:? '".: %

S CtB per Copy GUTHRIE, OKLA. SEPTEMBER I, 1 906 25 Cts. per Year

FRONT COVER DESIGN OF MRS. NATION'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE, "THE HATCHET,"

WITH HER SIGNATURE.

woman take from her handbag a number of papers, go forward to the front of the car, turn to the passengers and thus address them: "I am Carry Nation. I have copies of my paper, The

Hatchet, which I sell for five cents. The newspapers of this

country have abused me and misrepresented me, and I am publishing this paper in selfdefense. Each paper bears my signature,

and you may say you got it from Carry Nation herself. No one

is C-a-r-r-y, notseems to know how to spell my name. It

C-a-r-r-i-e, as you will see."

Then she came down the aisle, and readily disposed of her papers. 1002 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

After a time I began conversation with her across the aisle.

I asked her how the work of prohibition was prospering, and we talked pleasantly on kindred subjects for some time. Then I

handed her my card, I must say, not without some fear.

"You are a 'Mormon'are you?"she asked.

"Yes,"I replied.

"Well,"she said, "there are some good people among the 'Mormons,'of course; but polygamy damns you all."

Just then, to my great relief, a party of four or five young men came in from another car. They had heard that the saloon

smasher was on the train, and they came to see. They stopped by

Mrs. Nation's seat and shook hands with her, as if they were

acquaintances. Some of them had been drinking already, and it

did not take long for Mrs. Nation to discover the fact. Then she

denounced them roundly, which the young fellows took goodnaturedly enough.

"I know it's wrong to drink, Mrs. Nation,"said one of them;

"but I can't quit—I'm too weak."

"Too weak!"she replied scornfully. "Be a man, don't be a

slave. Only cowards give up to such an enemy as whisky."

They talked back and forth for some time. Then, when the

young fellows would listen, she told them of the home for drunkards'wives which she was establishing in Kansas City, Kansas.

"Such men as you ought to help me,"she said.

"How much do you want?"asked one who was in the

"goodnatured"drunken state.

"You ought to give me five hundred dollars, at least,"she said. "It would not hurt you a bit."

The young man took out his check book. He couldn't give

that much, he.'aid. How would a hundred do? There was some

parleying, then the young fellow put his book back into his pocket and walked away. I believe I was as much disappointed

as was Mrs. Nation.

After the crowd had left, she came back at Elder Stanger and me. Perhaps she had to have it out of somebody after that mean

trick the young fellow had played on her, and here were two "Mormons"within arm's reach. She pounced on us vigorously,

talking loudly and boldly about the "Mormons"and their "vile

A DAY WITH CARRY NATION. 1003

practices."We did not wish to enter into a discussion with her,

but she at last forced us to say something in defense. All in the

car knew by this time that their stock of curiosities had been augmented by the addition of two "real, live, 'Mormon'elders,"so they crowded around us to enjoy the novel spectacle. As

Mrs. Nation wildly denounced us, she nourished a large Bible,

which she said was the only hatchet she now used. I referred

her to a few passages in her Hatchet, and asked her to read them, which she did. But she launched nut again in a stream of talk.

It was impossible to hold her to a given point until that was disposed of. She would fly from one topic to another with lightning

rapidity. And how she did talk! Her words came in a continuous

stream, loud and strong. Whenever 1 could "get in a word edgewise,"which was not often, I spoke in a moderate tone; therefore the people in the farther end of the car came nearer to listen. I gave up trying to say anything. We were literally beaten

down by the force of words, and at last, when there was a calm in the storm so that I could be heard, I called the listeners'attention to the fact that it was not our fault that Mrs. Nation's

statements were not answered. We could not talk against a

whirlwind, we said, or against a Kansas tornado.

She quieted a little then, and I talked for a few minutes without interruption, explaining the doctrines and position of the

Latterday Saints on the topics under discussion. The passengers

listened attentively, and some of them expressed their approval of what we said. But Mrs. Nation showed her utter contempt for

us by her nonattention. Then she became sarcastic, and I fear, I

made a mistake by retaliating in kind. However, the "Mormons'

tried to take it all goodnaturedly. We had taken part in too

many such adventures to be very much discomfited at this one.

Mrs. Nation had been in Utah, and had been accorded the privilege of speaking in the Tabernacle, but this did not seem to count

in the "Mormons'"favor. In fact, she was very ignorant of

Utah affairs, for she spoke of the women of Utah as slaves.

"Why,"she exclaimed, "you 'Mormons'deny the rights of the priesthood to your women!"

We tried to explain.

1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"I should like to see a man try to bring a second wife to me,"she said in no uncertain tones. "I'd fix him!"

"I can well believe it, Mrs. Nation,"said I.

It was afternoon before the storm of discussion quieted. I

changed seats with Elder Stanger, and after a time he and Mrs.

Nation began talking. He told her of his missionary experiences

in Australia, and she listened quietly. He spoke of how the Lord

had blessed him and answered his prayers, and how his testimony that God lives had been made strong by the experiences through which he had passed. I had doubted whether there was in this

strange, strong woman a particle of that finer feeling which naturally is a part of woman's nature; but when I listened to the

conversation between Elder Stanger and her, I discovered that I was wrong in my doubts. As she listened to my companion, I

noticed a softer expression come into the hard face, and as she, too, talked of how the Lord had been good to her, there was a mildness in her voice. Then I thought, "What an incompre

hensibly odd mixture human nature is!"And again, "How wonderful it is that the Lord uses every odd mixture for his own good

purpose! Here was Mrs. Carry Nation, eccentric, coarse, foolish in her ways, prejudiced, making herself ridiculous in the eyes

of mildlymannered people, and yet a force which set the people of Kansas and surrounding states to thinkiDg in earnest about their condition in letting the saloon and whisky be their master.

Was she not doing her work in the world? It may not be the

way I or you would do such work, but who shall say that Carry

Nation's way was not the best for the particular time and place?"

It was time for lunch in the car. We got out our meagre

bread and butter, and Mrs. Nation opened a package of tempting

sandwiches. 1 don't know whether she saw our scanty store, or

our greedy eyes told on us, but I suppose her motherheart was touched, and so she offered to share with us.

''If thine enemy hunger,'"she quoted, as she handed a sandwich over to us.

"Mrs. Nation,"I replied goodnaturedly, "if that applies

to me, I shall not take it. I am not your enemy. I wouldn't

object to your smashing every saloon in the land."

She laughed. "I was joking,"she said.

A DAY WITH CARRY NATION. 1005

"Then I accept your kindness with thanks,"I replied.

The sandwiches were delicious.

Who was Carry Nation?

Although the state of Kansas has been a prohibition state for many years, the laws against the selling of intoxicating liquors have not always been enforced. In the year 1900, the liquor dealers

had become so bold that saloons, or "joints"as they were called, could be found all over the state, and the officers seemed to be helpless to put them out of their unlawful business. Such a condition must have been humiliating to the publicminded and lawabiding citizens of the state. Perhaps something radical had to

transpire to wake the state from its unenviable condition, and on the scene came Mrs. Carry Nation. She had lived in Kansas for

some years, in the town of Medicine Lodge. As a young woman

she had married a man who became addicted to drink, and her experience with this drunkard created in her an intense aversion to drink. As a girl, it is said, she was fearless. Later she married

David Nation, with whom she lived about ten years.

In December, 1900, the people of Wichita, Kansas, were startled by a determined woman armed with a hatchet entering the "swellest"saloon in the town and breaking its bottles, mirrors and other fixtures. She was arrested and placed in jail, where

she remained three weeks, when her case was dismissed. On January 21, 1901, Mrs. Nation, with two other women, raided and

wrecked two other saloons in Wichita. She was arrested again,

but immediately discharged. For the next three months she surprised the "jointists"in various Kansas cities, falling upon them

unawares, and with her faithful hatchet and a few followers, struck terror to the whisky dealers. An account of her saloon

smashing in the town of Enterprise was sent at the time to

The Outlook, from which the following excerpt of the affair is taken: Mrs. Nation came quietly into town about breakfast time, went to

the house of the mayor's father, attended prayermeeting at two o'clock, and at three began hammering on the windows of one of the two saloons.

The keepers had heard of her advent, an! had locktd up and departedto the other side of the street, where a waiting crowd had gathered.

.

1006 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Through the broken glass door Mrs. Nation climbed in, hatchet in hand;

and the smashing began.

The big mirror behind the bar went to pieces, then the bottles and glasses; cases were emptied on the floor and smashed one by one; the

refrigerator was disfigured, the wall pictures pulled down and butchered.

Then came the city marshal, who took Mrs. Nation by the arm and walked

her out the back way. The war was ended, the wreck was complete.

At the prayer meeting the proposed smashing was announced, and volunteers to join in the good work were called for. A dozen went to the

vicinity, but only one joined in the attack, and she neither a Woman's

Christian Temperance Union nor church member—simply a brave woman

who believed in trying the new remedy for closing the lawless joints, which law and persuasion had failed to close.

The owner stood by meekly protesting, but raising no hand. There

was some blood on the bellicose smasher's hand, made by falling glass, and her black alpaca dress was perfumed with odors of whisky and beer.

Undismayed she approached the second saloon, but the improvised marshal firmly kept her off. A war of words, sprinkled with scriptural

quotations and some counter remarks about lawbreaking and hoodlumism, kept the goodnatured crowd amused.

Mrs. Nation was driven to her friend's home, where she awaited the

hopedfor arrest in vain. The sheriff did not come. After supper she

started talking on the street, but this soon ended in a row, with much bad language and some blood letting. The raided saloonkeeper's wife

slapped the speaker in the face, missiles were thrown, and adjournment taken to a church where a revival meeting was in progress.

Mrs. Nation's plea was that the law was openly violated by

collusion of the authorities and the "men,"and that no remedy was open but counterviolence by the victims—the women. The

press of the country, at the time Mrs. Nation was busy with her

hatchet, discussed extensively her and her ways, some agreeing with her, others pointing out that it was poor policy to meet lawlessness with lawlessness. At the time the Springfield Republican

had this to say of Mrs. Nation:

For seven years officialdom has been publicly holding up the constitution of Kansas to the contumely of every weakminded, moral degenerate or immature person in the commonwealth.... Mrs. Nation

now comes upon the scene. She is evidently a robust woman of simple

character with an unerring instinct for the moral law. A temperance

A DAY WITH CARRY NATION. 1007

fanatic, no doubt, as John Brown was an antislavery fanatic. This

woman starts in to smash saloons because the authorities permit them to flourish in violation of the constitution of the state of Kansas. And

she seems to be doing well within her prerogative. For the saloons, or

"joints,"have no legal standing, and can claim no protection in the courts of Kansas. In an address to a crowd in Topeka the other day

Mrs. Nation maintained that she was a lawabiding citizen

whenever she raided a "joint,"since the "joint"had no legal rights. Kansas lawyers there are who support her in this contention,

and say that she cannot be punished for destroying saloon fixtures or stocks of liquors.

If the principle of prohibition is a good thing and deserves to be maintained in the fundamental laws of Kansas, it is difficult to condemn

Mrs. Nation for her proceedings of violence against lawless dens of

bibulous resort. She is certainly backed by the constitution of the

state; she is unquestionably a distinct moral force, since she stands for

respect for law. Her methods may be anarchical in their operations, but a

much worse kind of anarchy has been and is being fostered by those whose sworn duty it is to enforce the laws and preserve the constitution of Kansas from public shame.

The St. Louis Post Dispatch gave this characterization of

Mrs. Nation:

She is a great talker—can talk your arm off, if you will let her.

Back in Medicine Lodge she has been known always as a very determined woman. Whatever she believes in, she believes with her whole soul, and

nothing except superior physical force can stay her. She used to drive

about the country collecting food and other supplies for the poor. She

has done much good in that way, but when she sets out to get contributions, she can not be shaken off. Whenever she would hear of a needy

family anywhere in reach by buggy, she would start out to relieve the unfortunates.

Kansas was soon in a state of ferment. The people were

aroused. They demanded that the law be enforced, and the saloons

be closed. Other smashing parties were organized. Then the

state legislature took action, and the prohibitory law was better enforced.

Mrs. Nation did very little smashing outside of Kansas, bne

became a lecturer on temperance, traveling all over the country.

She printed a small monthly paper wherein she preached against 1008 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

intoxicants, tobacco and other evils. Here are some extracts from

the copy of The Hatchet obtained from her on the train:

praise of them Hatchet Strokes.—A terror to evil doers, and the

that do well.

Slowly but surely the cigarette smoker is being crowded off the earth. The areas of pollution wherein he is permitted to poison good

atmosphere are growing smaller and beautifully less. He has been

excluded from offices, stores, and public places.

While at Melvern, Arkansas, we stopped with a woman who is active in the M. E. Conference of the state. She sent word to that body

not to send her any more ministers who used tobacco, because of the filth they left behind.

It's the Word to the Living that Tells.

(For the Improvement Era.)

It isn't enough to say in our hearts that we like a man for his ways,

It isn't enough that we fill our minds with paeans of silent praise;

Nor is it enough that we honor a man, as our confidence upward mounts It's goin right up to the man himself and telling him so, that counts.

For the sun may shine as never before, yet the sky be black as night,

As the stormclouds spreading fold on fold, shut out its effulgent light.

But of what avail is the sun beyond, if it never appears to view?

The rays that hallow their way to our hearts are the ones that penetrate through.

There are men in the world, aye, and women, too, that rise to the noblest heights; Yet their paths oft lie in the humbler spheres, away from the glaring lights, And they pass on their way with never a word of comfort, or hope or trust, Till they fall at last; then a recreant world sounds its eulogy over their

dust.

If a man does a work you really admire, don't leave a kind word unsaid,

In fear that to do so might make him vain, and cause him to "lose his head;"But reach out your hand and tell him, "Well done,"and see how his gratitude swells.

It isn't the flowers we strew on the grave, it's the word to the living* that tells.

Lon J. Haddock.Logan, Utah.

The Drama.

BY WILLARD DONE.

Without unnecessary preliminaries I will proceed at once to the subject assigned to me. The main purpose of the drama is

entertainment. There may be other elements which appear to be

prime purposes, but these are largely incidental. Instruction,

culture, training in dramatic art, etc., are to be considered rather

as means, or as more or less indirect results of the drama; but,

after all, its chief purpose and reason fr existence is the entertainment of the public. We must keep in mind that no play can

succeed that does not aim first of all to provide entertainment.

The purely instructional drama is always a failure. This has been

proved time and again, and the history of dramatic development is marked by a large number of these plays that have never reached the hearts of the people, and can never be revived. While

instruction may well enter into the work of the drama, it is always incidental to the main purpose.

The value of a thing is determined by its purpose; in other

words, its results. If the purpose is worthy, and there is adaptation to that purpose, beneficial results are sure to follow. The

drama has value so far as it meets this test. Here we must consider both the main and the subsidiary purpose of the drama. The

p'ay that instructs but does not entertain is, as above stated, a necessary failure. On the other hand, the play that merely entertains but does not incidentally instruct, or point a moral, or

awake worthy emotions, is unsatisfactory. Still further, the play

* An address delivered at the officers'meeting, annual Y. M. M. I.

A. conference, June 2, 1911, at Barratt Hall.

1010 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that awakens unworthy emotions, weakens morality or instills false ideals, is objectionable and must be avoided. Elimination must

enter here. It is as important to the value of a play that certain elements shall be omitted from it, as that certain others

shall enter into it.

On the general principles here briefly set out, may be based the rules for the choice of plays. To go at the matter intelligently, you must select the elements you desire in the drama, and

decide what elements are undesirable and must be eliminated, and thus determine your choice. No matter what the class of play

you are considering, these simple principles of choice can be applied. All these principles enter into various plays, no matter

what the kind. The application of these principles must necessarily narrow your choice of plays, even from the theoretical standpoint. But there are practical reasons why a still narrower field

is necessary. There are certain plays that cannot be mastered by

amateurs, and should never be attempted by them, no matter how desirable the plays may be in themselves. They are such plays as

tragedies, and strictly classic comedies, and others of the sort.

All tragedies must be avoided. They are not for amateurs. For

an association club to attempt them would indeed be a tragedy.

It is true that in the early days of the drama in Utah, when ordinary plays were scarcely to be procured in the country districts, while a few copies of Shakespeare were available, some amateur dramatic clubs attempted such tragedies as Hamlet, Macbeth, Romeo and Juliet, and others. Such presentations may have been better

than none. But there is no reason in this day of numerous plays,

easily obtainable and splendidly adapted to your purpose, why amateurs should disturb the peaceful bones of Shakespeare by making him turn over in his grave.

With the elimination from your field of choice of the various classes of plays here mentioned, you will be limited to such plays as ordinary comedydramas, comedies and farces. I see no reason

for a wider choice. And even within these narrow limits, selections should be carefully made. Two general principles must b<

laid down for determining the choice of plays. The positive

principle is that there must be enough of interest to hold the undivided and intense attention of the audience, increasingly to the end.

n

THE DRAMA. 10

This necessitates some element of excitement, either serious or humorous. Combined with this should be the instructional elements previously referred to. The negative rule is that there

shall be no violation of the higher rules of ethics. This eliminates

all coarseness, suggestiveness, profanity, violence, and "blood and thunder"straining for effect. How to gain the golden mean,

between dullness on the one hand and too great sensationalism on the other, should be the careful study of those who choose the plays for our association clubs. In this connection, permit me to

say that the committee on music and drama of the general board has already published a suggestive list of plays, and stands ready at all times to cooperate with you by suggesting suitable plays and helping you to a choice.

Referring again to the educational value of the drama, it may be well to say that although this is incidental, yet it is of great importance and should not be neglected. It may be divided into

two elements. One is the effect of plays on the audiences witnessing them, the other, their effect on the players themselves.

Here we must take into account the vivid nature of dramatic portrayal. The effect of it is much more distinct and lasting than the

effect of reading the same thing in a book. It is indeed like the

presentation of real incidents in real life. It is easily seen, therefore, how vitally important it is that the right kind of plays shall

be chosen, and that they shall be well presented. The educational

value of the drama may be entirely destroyed and actual evil caused, beyond our power to compute, if objectionable plays are chosen or good plays are ill performed. Nor is the effect confined

to the auditors. I think it is still greater in the case of the

performers. They must feel the play and its subtle influences,

in order to present it intelligently. They must think in its lines;

feel in its situations; become, in a degree, the people they portray.

In the case of young people (and the members of your local organizations will necessarily be young) this influence is likely to be vivid and lasting.

This brings up another subject of vital importance to your work in the drama. Certain ethical considerations are involved in

the essential youthfulness of your amateur players. The callow

and impressionable age at which they will enter upon this work 1012 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

renders certain safeguards absolutely necessary. It goes without

saying that at rehearsals and in other stages of the preparation of the play, some one of mature age and experience shall be placed in charge of the work. There is usually a person in the ward or

village who has some dramatic knowledge and experience, and who can direct the work of the club, while carefully guarding the members from certain insidious evils which may otherwise assail them. We should not lose sight of the fact that these players are

essentially amateurs. They should be impressed with this thought,

''stageand should be guarded against the possibility of becoming struck."I don't know of any disease peculiar to the period of

adolescence that is likely to be more stubborn and troublesome than this. Lovesickness is possibly much more prevalent, but it

is more easily cured. In fact it usually cures itself through marriage or otherwise. But the stagestruck youth or maiden is very

often a hopeless case, until bitter experiences have come to take away the glamor of the footlights and show the real values of life.

Not that I would discourage one from this career, if he is adapted to it, and deliberately chooses it with full realization of what it means in work, hardship, disappointment, and worry, before the goal is reached. I speak merely of the ordinary young men and

women who will make up the membership of the average ward dramatic club.

For the reasons above stated, and others that might be mentioned, the ward organization should not become ambitious to extend its work beyond the confines of its own home town. In a

large city, consisting of more than one ward, an occasional visit of a club to another portion of that city would not be objectionable. But there are decided objections to extended travel

on tours where the members are thrown into association without proper chaperonage, with the peril of being too seriously impressed with the work which must necessarily be very incidental and temporary. In brief, let the young people who perform for your entertainment be jealously guarded from every condition and influence

that can possibly work them harm while engaged in this very excellent employment.

It is impossible in the short time allotted to me, to go into detail as to the work of staging and preparing plays. There are

THE DRAMA. 1013

others who are much more competent for this part of the discussion, and doubtless they will present certain points for your information and guidance, as occasion arises. It goes without

saying that the very best talent in the ward should be selected, and placed under the direction and training of a good dramatic instructor. It is usually necessary for temporary and somewhat

unsatisfactory makeshifts to be employed in preparing a stage and placing curtain and scenery. But every possible effort should be

made to induce the authorities of the wards to provide an amusement hall, with stage and scenery and other appliances for the convenience of the club that devotes so much of time to the entertainment of the people. With the growth of electrical lighting

systems in even the small and remote villages, it will be possible to produce electrical 'effects on the stage, which will aid very materially in the realism of the drama, and be an education and a source of education to the young people in outlying districts to whom these elements of stage setting are new and unfamiliar.

In reference to music in connection with the drama, two important elements will enter. The organization of a ward or

village orchestra, where such does not already exist, will necessarily follow the organization of a dramatic club. These orchestras,

by presenting suitable music between the acts and by way of prelude, as well as incidental music during the development of the play, will necessarily encourage instrumental development among their members and educate the people to a better appreciation of this element of dramatic entertainment.

Another advantage will be in the selection and preparation of cantatas, operettas, musical comedies, etc. The simplest of

these forms of entertainment can readily be prepared by even amateur organizations, especially in Latterday Saint settlements, where so large a proportion of the young people are trained vocally as well as instrumentally. Of course, it follows that any

extravaganza or burlesque that is too "broad"for use in these

Mutual Improvement entertainments, must be carefully avoided by the directors of the musical and dramatic clubs. But after

these have been eliminated, there are a large number of plays in which music forms an important element, for you to select for your entertainments. In this part of your work you are sssured

of the active and sympathetic help of the committee.

Athletics.*

BY LYMAN R. MARTINEAU.

"Life is a measure to be filled—not a cup to be emptied."

Field sports, athletics and other outdoor activities have a direct relation to a well measured life, if only their real purpose shall be kept in view. The general board, ever alert and watchful for the young men

of Zion, took a step, decidedly forward when this department of our work was given unanimous approval and recognized as an ally in promoting moral and spiritual education.

"Manhood, not scholarship, is the first aim of education."And so

at the outset let it be understood that at the basis of physical education there shall be the spirit of the militant, loyal, manhood of the Church, whose work and play shall alike lead always to greater spiritual heights.

In the eyes of some, sports and play are only a form of idleness. As

a matter of fact, the opposite is true. If properly organized and controlled, these activities afford wholesome recreation and promote pluck,

courage, enthusiasm, spiritual and moral purpose, temperate habits, and tend to keep more youthful the bodies and spirits of men who otherwise give up to habits of old age all too early in life.

Again, objection is made that athletics are dangerous. It is true

that accidents occasionally occur, but unless very serious they only lend spice and zest to the game. For that matter it is dangerous to go to bed—more people die in bed than on the battlefield.

It is pleasing to note, too, that the trained athletes developed in the great colleges of the world, submit to habits of selfdenial that we have been taught from our mother's knee. If the trained athlete of Yale

or Harvard would win a dash, a game of ball or a rowing match, he may not drink beer nor liquor, nor yield to the seductive cigarette nor to

* An address given at the officers'meeting, annual Y. M. M. I. A.

Conference, Barratt Hall, June 2, 1911.

ATHLETICS. 1015

tobbaco, tea and coffee in any form. From this standpoint alone,

athletics under such discipline, mean a triumph which even our most eloquent precepts have too often failed to accomplish. If, as Dr. Jordan

says, "you can't tack a two thousand dollar education on a fifty cent boy,"is it not also true that dissolute habits and physical excellence can not be found in the same person.

It may be fair to assume that in a general way we are practically all on common ground thus far, but we now reach problems which widely differ, because of the varying conditions found in our different localities.

For instance in the larger cities it may be found advisable for you to unite with established municipal movements or high school activities where gymnasiums, campuses and equipment have already been or are being provided, and where it would be expensive and impossible to maintain separated and competitive institutions. While in the countryside

districts and where no such movement has been possible from public taxation, it should not be difficult for the young men to lead in acquiring a few acres of land for a campus, and to organize a loyal support for its improvement; and to secure funds to add from time to time such equipment as conditions may justify and afford.

It should not for a moment be imagined that large, expensive buildings are necessary at the outset. These can only come as the needs of

the people develop, and the spirit and interest of the people demand. A

word of caution to those unfamiliar with the difficulties of "keeping up"and finishing what has been started may here be given. "Do not

bite off more than you can chew,''is a safe, if homely bit of advice.

It may be that in some localities this movement finds scant support and sympathy. The street corner, the pool hall, or the country store

may have long claimed too much of the spare time of our country boys, from sheer lack of an organization and leadership in better occupations. If this is true, it is the duty of the M. I. A. to call out to such

and enlist them in this better way. If it is true that many of our young

and middleaged men are mentally lazy and will not read, is it n;t also

true that in many cases they need to be energized and aroused into an enthusiasm for physical activities which in all ages have held high places in the social and moral uplift of our race? Is it not true, then,

after all, that whether we like athletics or not, we cannot help ourselves?

For we have them ever present in the restless energy of youth and in the spirit that flows like a stream from the modern schoolhouse and college.

Let each ward appoint an athletic committee, in whose care should be placed the working out of the details and perfecting the formation of baseball and basketball teams, and other features that especially appeal to the talent and demand of their ward. The active support of every1016 'IMPROVEMENT ERA.

body should be sought. And if in the past certain young men, sometimes

classed as "irreligious"and''rough"or indifferent to the work of the M. I.

A., have stood aloof and unconverted to selfculture and the work of

our associations, perhaps the call of athletics and sports will reach them.

If so, they should be encouraged to associate with the organization and thus become permanently identified with it. In other words, deny membership to none who will come in and conform to the discipline prescribed.

It is highly essential that a capable athletic director, if not a coach, should be secured to direct and manage the activities, lest the rougher element dominate and the games be reduced to a rowdy unbridled breach of the peace.

The good, red blood of our junior boys cannot and should not be denied opportunity for wholesome outdoor activities, which may not properly come under the head of sports or athletics. Every healthy, evenlybalanced boy in the Church has flights of heroic fancy, and a passion for

going out into the mountains for a climb, a camp and for adventure.

The wideawake M. I. A. officers of the stakes and of the wards are the

natural guardians, and should be the leaders, in connection with parents and ward authorities, to provide such outdoor scouting events for their junior classes.

Here in this great center of population we have a splendid gymnasium opened and dedicated since our last conference. It has, under

able management, leaped at once into public favor, and is the pride and crowning feature of our athletic work and spirit.

Finally, while we stand for intellectual, moral and spiritual progress, and are doing great good in energizing and enthusing our membership along ethical and cultural directions, the field of physical wellbeing and recreation should be promptly and efficiently occupied by our organization as rapidly and persistently as have the other activities that have made the M. I. A. an indispensable auxiliary in the Church for

more than thirty years.

".""'"J:--..-. */..

M. I. A.Tlaygrounds near Vernal, Utah.

Find Your Best and Highest Self.

BY NEPHI JENSON.

Examination days, the times that try students'souls, are past. The pestering interrogation point, which for the last few

days has been looking defiance at you from history, grammar and arithmetic papers, and disturbing your sleep by night, has lost its terror—at least for a season—and now you can lay you down to

sleep blissfully, assured that the goblin question mark will not get you. You have had questions to left of you, questions to right of

you, questions back of you, and questions in front of you, and boldly you have parsed, spelled, analyzed and conjugated, thought, stewed and ciphered, until you have successfully passed the valley of death, escaped the jaws of hell, and joyfully come to the scene of this commencement, surrounded by flowers and friends, Commencement! What thoughts this word calls up! Standing here at the end of eight years of successful school work, spent

with teachers of the highest proficiency, and in a building as perfect as skill can make, bequeathed to you and to those who shall come after you, by a beneficent state, you cannot but feel grateful that you live in and form a part of that country which makes it possible in her schools for the "barefoot boy with cheek of tan"to sit beside the millionaire's son.

Every cradl* asks, whence? Every commencement, whither?

You are commencing today. Where are you going? What are

you going to do?

* An address to graduates of the Burton School, Salt Lake county. 1018 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

While you are thinking about these questions, I commend to your consideration the parable of the talents. The man who

received the one talent was a timid, slothful fellow. He neither

had the courage nor the desire to find out the worth of the talent and use it, so he buried it in the earth. At the day of reckoning

he said to his Lord, "I know that thou art a hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown."The Lord rebuked the slothful servant, and commanded that his one talent be taken from him and

given to the man who had ten talents. The slothful servant's one

talent was taken from him because he did not find out the worth and use of it. In this parable is suggested the whole duty of life,

viz., to find your talents and use them—in other words, to find

your life and give it away.

Finding your life means to find your best and highest self, and to live it. To live one's best self means to see, to feel, to

know the best that the purest and noblest have seen, felt and known. It means to see the sun rise and the sun set with the

artist's eyes, to feel the thrill of music with the soul of a Mozart, and to know the depth of philosophy as it is known to a Socrates.

It means to have the sense of justice that measures men, not by their names, fame or dollars, but by what they are and what they do. It means to have the greatness of soul to see nobility beneath

rags, goodness beneath the skin of a sinner, and to recognize the truth of the poet's lines:

Let me go where I will I hear a heavenborn music still.

'Tis not in the stars alone, Nor in the cups of budding flowers,

Nor in the Redbreast's mellow tone,

Nor in the bow that smiles in showers

But in the mud and scum of things,

There is always, always something sings.

When you have found your life, give it away. Give it freely.

Give it in the song that rests the heart of the weary, and whispers peace to the turbulent soul. Give it in the thought set to

the Muse's music, that thrills, inspires, uplifts and ennobles. Give

it in unanswerable logic in Truth's defense, and Right's vindication. Give it in that sympathy which grieves at the sight of

FIND YOUR BEST AND HIGHEST SELF. 1019

need, and sorrows when others are sad. Give it in that love

which knoweth no self, but goeth about continually doing good.

Give it to God in that devotion which recognized his laws as supreme.

The greatest life which has been lived was a gift, and was spent in giving. The Man of Sorrows had no place to lay his

head, yet in tears and blood he strove, prayed and sacrificed, to prepare a place of eternal glory for you, for me, and for all who have lived, and all who shall live. Whether at the altar, in the

pulpit, or in the presence of tears that speak the broken heart, love was his only creed, sacrifice his only worship. He knew no self.

For others he lived, for others he died. This was the perfect life.

For he found his life and gave it away.

Elder J. W. Bodily says

that during the past winter months the Elders laboring in the West Washington conference of the Northwestern States mission, at Tacoma, were successful in obtaining permission to speak in the largest mills in the West, and to hold meetings among the men. During the

six months preceding May 18 j one hundred and sixtyeight meetings were thus held, at which they distributed much literature which they think will result in great good. They made

many warm friends, and feel that they have a great field for good labor during the summer months. Elders in front row, left to right: 0.

P. Dunn, Bert Roper. Back row: 0. L. Wheeler, J. W. Bodily.

Prom Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the Pioneers.

The Original Diary of Erastus Snow.

EDITED BY HIS SON, MORONI SNOW.

VII.

Our last chapter closed with the pioneers encamped on a small creek flowing into the Platte, on the north side. Erastus

Snow continues his journal as follows:

Wednesday, April 5, 1847. We traveled today about fifteen

miles, chiefly over soft prairie where it has been hard wheeling, and our teams fared hard for grazing. Our hunters have killed one

buffalo cow and a number of calves today.

April 6. A light shower nearly extinguished the fires last

night, so that today we passed over to the unburned grass again, but where we have traveled today we are but little better off for feed, for it is nearly all eaten up by the buffaloes which have been driven here either by fires, or by something else, northward. I presume in traveling sixteen miles tday we have passed from five to

ten thousand buffaloes. Some of our teams are beginning to fail

for want of feed.

7th. One circumstance I must not fail to mention, that is

the fact that Brigham Young, in riding fast with others to head our drove of cows to prevent their mixing with a herd of buffaloes that were making toward them, lost a valuable spy glass out of.his pocket last evening. * * * We had an axle tree to

put into a wagon this morning, and we wished to give our teams more time to eat, as the feed was very poor and the grain we had

FROM NAUVOO TOSALT LAKE. 1021

brought with us was nearlyexhausted. We therefore did not start

until about noon, and only traveled six miles and camped near an island where we found better feeding.

Saturday, 8th. We traveled about eleven miles over an old

sheep pasture, perfectly used up. At least it had such an appearance, from the fact that the ground was nearly covered with the

buffalo dung, and the whole country seemed alive with these wild cattle. We were obliged to camp upon a perfectly barren spot on

the river bank. Next morning we moved up the river four miles,

opposite a small island of cottonwoods, on which we fed our teams and on which we tarried over Sunday, 9th, and had a meeting in the afternoon. Here also a small box was made and nailed

to a tall post in which was placed a written history of our organization and journeying up to this time, for the benefit of our brethren who should follow us.

10th. We crossed a small, clear stream this morning and

came into a little better feed, and the feed has been improving a little through the day, and the buffaloes are not so plentiful. We

are not a little glad on account of it; for we would rather have less

game and more feed, though we have not been allowed to kill game any faster than we wanted it to eat. Today we had a feast upon

a fat cow and a fine deer. We are camped tonight opposite a fine

island of cottonwoods which affords feed and fuel. We have

traveled about ten miles today.

Tuesday, 11th. Today we have traveled about eight miles and

camped a little above a char and beautiful prairie creek. The

feed is so short and teams so weak we are unable to travel but a short portion of the day. We have seen but few buffalo today,

but it is evident that they have left this range very recently.

12th. We have traveled about twelve miles today. We have

bad a warm south wind and good roads, and crossed this afternoon a small, clear stream, and we are now encamped upon another goodsized creek and insight of the bluff that separates the north and south forks of the Platte, the most southern point of which is still a few miles above us. The south fork appears to come

in from the southwest nearly opposite our camp, and then runs along near its own bluff about twenty miles to its confluence with the north fork, a peninsula of from one to nine miles wide 1022 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

separating them. Here we find fresh signs of Indians, and one of

their late encampments. We passed today the corpses of about

one hundred buffaloes, lately slaughtered by them. They have taken

only the hides, tongues, marrowbones, and here and there a choice piece of meat, leaving the buffalo for the wolves, which are by no means scarce or backward in waiting upon themselves.

Most of the buffaloes that \ve have seen on this route seem to be poor, and we find many carcasses of those that have died this spring; and in several instances we have found them so feeble

that our boys, who love the sport, have caught them by the tail and horns and handled them as they would any domestic animal.

13th. We have traveled today about ten and threefourths

miles, have crossed the largest tributary of the Platte we have seen since we left the Loup Fork, and are now encamped at its mouth. It has a quicksand bottom fully as bad as the Loup Fork,

and is about ten rods wide. The bluffs between the rivers are

about opposite. The president named it Junction Bluff river. We

have had a sudden change in the weather, and we are now scarcely comfortable around the fires with top coats. The feed is the best

here that we have found since we came into the buffalo range. A

mile and a half west of us the bluffs extend abruptly into the

Platte. They are sand ridges and broken knobs. Our horsemen

are searching for a road through.

14th. I was on guard last night, and it was far from being

a warm berth, but the weather began to moderate about ten o'clock, and today it has been warm enough to rain. We have

had several slight showers, during the day, which seemed truly reviving to this thirsty land. We found a very good but circuitous road through the sand hills and made our way to the bottom

again. Have traveled eight miles, and have now before us

another range of sand hills to try in the morning. They appear

worse than those we have passed today. We found good feed

here and thought it best to let our teams enjoy the benefit of it before venturing among the sand hills, else we should have traveled farther.

15th. We found it about two and a half miles through the

sand hills. The sand being deep, made it very heavy wheeling.

We have traveled seven miles and camped for Sunday. Have

FROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE. 1023

another range of sand hills about three miles before us. The

buffaloes have eaten the feed between us and the hills,which is the cause of our stopping in the middle of the bottom. We o.amp

where we can feed, irrespective of water or fuel, for buffalo chips have been our only fuel this week, except a little driftwood, and we can find water almost anywhere on the Platte bottom by digging from four to six feet, and we most always do it in preference to going half a mile to the river. It has been showery today

and nearly cold enough to snow.

Sunday 16th. The sky was overcast with clouds and the wind

blew cold from the north,but in the middle of the day it cleared up warm and pleasant. We had a meeting in the afternoon. All

appeared in fine spirits. Two buffaloes and one antelope killed

near camp. 17th. Started halfpast eight o'clock this morning and found it

about two and a half miies through the sand hills before we struck the bottom again, about midway of which we crossed a small stream running into the river. During the afternoon we

passed several spring fountains coming out of the foot of the bluffs and spreading out over the bottom which was rather low and made it soft wheeling among the sloughs, as the marshy places on the prairie are called; but bearing nearer to the river bank, we soon struck

hard ground again and camped for the night after having traveled twelve and threefourths miles. The hunters killed some buffaloes

and some small game, which detained the camp some to secure the meat. 18th. This morning President Young gave some good

instructions to the camp, and sharp admonitions to some for being wasteful of flesh; to the hunters for killing more than they really

needed; to the horsemen in taking so little interest in looking

out our roads; and to the officers for neglecting to enforce the

rules of the camp upon their men. We have had good roads

and fine weather, and have traveled fifteen and threefourths miles today, and camped at the mouth of a small creek. Today we begin

to find for the first time ledges of rock in the bluff on both sides of the river.

(to be continued.)

Little Problems of Married Life. *

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

III.—Plea for More Courtship after Marriage.

There are some men who seem to consider that their marriage certificate is a sort of fully paidup policy on marital happiness.

They act as if courtship days were those of paying premiums of compliment, cheerfulness, courtesy, consideration, and chivalry and that marriage makes unnecessary all further assessments of loverlike attention. They may sometime awaken t the realization

that the only way to get an absolutely guaranteed insurance on matrimony is to keep on paying the premiums. Countless firstclass marriage policies have lapsed just because of these imprudently suspended payments.

These very men, at their clubs, often go perilously close to the deadline of boredom in telling you of the marvelous qualities of their wives. They run the chromatic scale of enthusiasm, while

you wonder in a dreamy way whether the angels in heaven were not modeled after these women. At home these husbands may

keep their adoration and appreciation wrapped around with seven folds of silence, safeguarding their feeling as zealously as if it were a Masonic secret. Were but a small instalment of this told

at home it might prove a joy, a sweet source of new confidence, courage and inspiration to the wife who is heart hungry for just such words There is a tendency to assume that this love is known and recognized, so why speak of it? "She knows how much I think of

is a dangerous taking for granted of what should beher"—this

made real, pulsing and vital in thought, word and deed. There

Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Hevell Company.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1025

is little danger of overtelling this story; it is often the w'ne of life

and inspiration to one hungering and thirsting for the little tendernesses of affection. Ofttimes some little touch of loving sweetness throws a golden streak of happiness through a wife's whole

day, and an involuntary halfsmile and a lovelight in the eye born of the remembrance, hours later, tell of the vitalizing power of a seeming trifle, forgotten or perhaps unnoted by him who thus gladdened a life anew.

There are more people on this great, big, rolling earth hungering for sweetness, tenderness and words of gentle appreciation, genial confidence and generous affection than are starving for bread. Such words that were the current coin of conversation

before marriage often seem withdrawn from circulation afterwards. With husband and wife these delicate messengers of affecit is the thoughttion cost so little—sometimes only a thought, but

that is all. They are only trifles—too great for mere money to

buy, but trifles that focus the joy of life in a moment.

There are men who would no more think voluntarily of carrying home to their wives a bunch of roses just as a bit of sentiment than they would think of taking home a bridge or a cathedral or two or three miles of seacoast. It is not fair to have all the

roses before marriage, and only their memory and thorns afterwards. A splendid present to smooth over a misunderstanding or

to wipe out an unpleasant memory is altogether of another class.

That is not love, it is bribery; it is not tenderness, it is policy; it

is like the sacrifices the heathens offer their gods to appease their wrath.

One of the most common causes of the decline of courtship after marriage where it does occur, and there are countless instances to prove that it does not always decline, is the disillusion that often comes after marriage. When the rosy tints of the

courtship days grow dimmer there is a tendency for the real poetry to turn into commonplace verse or even into the baldest prose. This cause, if one may be pardoned interpreting Cupid in

terms of commercialism, may be called "buying from sample."

In the days before marriage, they saw each other at their best; they were on dress parade and unselfishly thinking too much

of each other to think much of self. Under the inspiring glow

1026 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of mutual regard every latent virtue blosssomed into full flower, every failing assumed a roseate hue under some loving interpretation, little sacrifices for each other were a joy and a privilege.

Then a smile would exile a doubt, a caress smother an argument, a tender word throw a world of worry into eclipse, and a mood of disagreement be but the preface to sweet reconciliation that made them nearer and dearer.

Before marriage little inharmonies became lost in the general effect as moonlight sqftens and obscures discords that the broad glare of sunlight reveals. Marriage brings sunlight to bear on

all things and often the goods do not seem up to sample. Then

must come a time of concession, adjustment and acceptance of conditions with a smiling determination to make the best of each other. Then each must realize that if they would be real married

sweethearts they must keep the courtship atmosphere vital and is worthpervading—by the courtship methods. The love that

working for and waiting for is worth preserving.

Sentiment that is kept in cold storage does not amount to much; it lives and grows as it is exercised. A bunch of roses to

gladden the eye on the table is worth more than barrels of dead leaves pickled in rose jars. Love cannot live long on its past; it is

its present that counts as a real force, and like all other habits it intensifies by exercise.

Courtship after marriage is a kind of matrimonial thermostat;

it automatically keeps the home atmosphere at the proper temperature. When the heat of a fervid discussion threatens to

scorch the respect of the two for each other, and the hot words of blame and protest make even asbestos in the room conscious of warmth, a smile, a sweet silence or a term of tender endearment may suddenly banish the heat like the radiated influence of a fountain or a cool, fragrant breeze from a garden at twilight.

When the cold, cutting air of a sneer or a biting sarcasm makes it seem that some one must have left an iceberg on the doorstep, and the silence at the dinner table grows as tense and palling as the colaborated hush of a vast audience watching the climax moment of a thrilling midair acrobatic feat, the courtship wisdom comes to the rescue with that fine instinctive tact of the heart.

It is not always easy but it is wise.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1027

The two who have united in marriage want happiness; they

crave it, and when it slips away and if they lose their bearings and drift, it is usually because they are not conscious of it in the beginning and neither one may be quite able to find the way back alone. It is so easy to let familiarity kill the courtship spirit,

there is danger of taking things as a matter of course and of falling into the "married manner"of assuming that little courtesies and considerations are no longer necessary and a difference in the way of speaking to each other creeps into the conversation.

When a man trips over his wife's skirts and explodes a condemnation as to her folly in wearing them long, blaming her, in unsterilized language, for his carelessness, he forgets the Chesterfieldian grace with which he would have atoned for the misdeeds of his feet with the courtesy of his speech in the old days. It may

not be that he loves her less; he may even love her more in a

deeper, truer and stronger way, but he does not show it in the right way, he may have great wealth of affection, but he does not keep it in circulation. His sense of proprietorship, by some zigzag

process of thinking, makes him think he need not bother to be polite.

There is danger in the common habit of making light of love in the home, of treating it with a flippant, cheap cynicism. It is

hardly worth the smiles it may elicit. It is an insidious habit

that grows from innocent, breezy banter to cutting sentences that leave scars in memory. It often begins in the springtime of married life in foolish protest against being thought sentimental, as a

sort of selfprotection, and in fear of manifesting affection in public the two may swing to the other extreme.

The husband may tell to his friends assembled a; his table, in

''done for, that he can never dare a whimsical way, that now he is to go out at night, that no one knows what he suffers,"etc. The

wife may laughingly counsel her friend, in his presence, "never to get married, you do not realize what it means to devote your whole life to humoring a man and giving up your freedom forever."Neither means the words; each knows it is but bubbling nonsense, but sometimes one phrase sticks in memory when the time

and atmosphere of the telling are forgotten, and it stings and does

1028 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not down with argument, and it starts a wondering, insistent, rankling doubt as to whether he really meant it after all, and there may be a sigh in her heart and a sob in her throat as the fear comes that there may have been something in it after all it may have been a truth he sought to hide under the mask of a jest. One of the two may not have the keen sense of humor to understand it aright and the smile may be only a slight one from the

lips, not the glad, assured smile of a heart at ease and so buoyantly happy that the very eyes seem illumined. There are so many

subjects that are impersonal, far removed from their life together, that this one theme might be hallowed in a way as being too dear and near and sacred to be the plaything of the public humor of either.

When the husband has the feeling, percolating through his consciousness, perhaps never quite formulated into words, that our "courtship and honeymoon were beautiful, of course, while they lasted, but now we must realize that life is serious,"he may think that he is growing sensible. He is really a bit mistaken; he

is merely relapsing into his selfishness. What he deems a reason

is only an excuse for dodging the effort to master his moods and be agreeable when he does not feel like it. His attitude somehow suggests throwing away flowers of sentiment from a vase

because they have wilted a little, and with their novelty now grown familiar have lost some of their initial charm. It would be wiser

to make the vase everblooming and redolent of sweetness by filling it with fresh flowers of finer appreciation each new day. It

takes time and thought and patience, it is true, but it pays in the dividends of sweetness and smiling love they exhale. It is only

oldholding the invading monotony of matrimony at bay—with the

courtship methods.

Marriage is serious; so are all the other great things in life

that are worth while, but it is never so dangerously serious as when the courtship spirit is packed away in camphor with the wedding clothes as being too fine for daily use. It is because marriage is serious that it needs sustaining, stimulating, sincere love

that is active as a living force, not a mere golden memory. Marriage is not a summer picnic; it does not banish trial, sorrow, pain,

and suffering from life, even were it an ideal union under ideal

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1029

conditions, but it enables two to face life's problems hand in hand, finding courage, strength and refuge in each other, and even peace in sorrow, instead of walking down the valley of the yearsalone.

There is a romantic love that is long on extravagant phrases and short on lasting qualities, It has more of the senses than of the soul, more sentimentality than sentiment, more gilt than gold. It

is built for show, not for wear; it has every element of real

love essential. In the courtship days it seems to be except—the

in the gold medal class; shortly after marriage it would not get

honorable mention. It is good on short spurts, but breaks down

on endurance tests. It is just an emotional goldbrick.

Real love wears, endures and, like an oak, grows stronger with the years, more firmly rooted by every struggle with opposing conditions, every weathered storm. One of our great composers made the handorgan the test of the popularity of each of

his new musical creations. "Will it grind?"was his earnest and

wistful question. The lov? worth while is the love that will grind,

that has in it such real music that all the monotony and grind of married life cannot kill its sweetness, its inspiration, its melody and harmony.

There are husbands who think they deserve a blue ribbon in the matrimonial race because they run quietly in double harness, make no special disturbance round the house, are loyal, and, as the phrase goes, are "good providers."They say: "I give her a good

home, she has servants, plenty of money and dress, all the necessities and many of the luxuries; what more does she want?"In

sad hours of loneliness and hearthunger, realizing fully all that she has, she knows that the "more"she craves is the man himself, his real companionship, his compliments, his confidence, his tenderness, his loving.

She wants to hear sometimes the very words, "I love you so, dear,"and "I need you so,"or any of love's synonyms that speak directly not merely inferentially through acts. She wants the

phrases that sing themselves in memory while the heart listens and is glad. She wants to be told again that she "has the most beautiful hands in all the world,"she wants to have him notice the

flower in her hair, to praise the fit of her new gown, to have her 1030 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

opinion occasionally count as an aiset in his thinking, not as a liability to be wiped out. She wants him to be the one to tell her that

she is beautiful, for it means more to her than what all the others wants the old courting atmosphere back again. Shesay—she

wants, in a word, recognition of her as a woman, as the woman, not merely the duty and respect paid as a wife.

When we as a nation do not grow or manufacture within our own borders all that the needs of our people demand, we import them. Our hungers require certain things, and if we do not find

them in this country we get them from abroad, from whatever country can supply. When love, sympathy, comradeship, trust,

courtesy, recognition, and happiness are not supplied in the home market, not grown by husband and wife for each other, there is a dangerous tendency to import them, to welcome them, perhaps innocently, from any source from which they may come. Guarding the home market keeps out foreign competition.

Continued courtship after marriage preserves the lover in the husband and the sweetheart in the wife. But courtship is not

solitaire; like a quarrel it requires two to make it a real success.

It is not the wife alone who needs the gracious sweetness of frank comradeship, for husbands who are built on the right lines have equal longing for loving kindness and kindly loving. They may

rebel at having little acts of special thoughtfulness taken for granted as a matter of course and accepted with the joyless manner of a tax collector gathering in revenue or a cool croupier raking in stakes. There are some women who show more pleasure

in receiving a few violets than others would betray if.you gave

them the whole German Empire. Perfunctory acceptance puts a

premium on perfunctory giving, and it is a bit discouraging to the husband.

The husband may remember when fair hands pinned a pink in the lapel of his coat,when there was not a note of sweet deference in listening to any expression of his opinions, when the superior business intelligence of the man next door was not boomed on a brisk bull market of contrast, when eyes brightened with joy when he told the story of some ambition that was dear to his heart; when

a sofa cushion was tucked in, by hands that seemed to smile, just at the psychic angle of maximum comfort in an armchair when he

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1031

felt a bit tired and enjoyed the incense of being humored like an invalid by brevet.

Little attentions, the perfume of consecrated thoughtfulness are dear to husband as well as to wife. There is ever a subtle

compliment in having one's tastes and preferences remembered, and appealed to, in making the keynote of the selection of some little gift the memory of an expression of the desire of either, perhaps months before. It carries with it a suggestion of a halo

of importance dignifying an almost forgotten wish. A trifle, you

say, yes; but trifles are the only things in life that really count;

everything big is but mass and that is only the aggregate of trifles.

There are married people who kept sacred for a few years certain anniversary and memorial days in the calendar of their affections, redletter days that in the observance and in the freshening glow of memory hr.ve a mellowing sweetness vivifying of sentiment. Then as the years go back, these anniversaries fade in

their identity and blend confusedly together in the perspective like a long row of lampposts up a boulevard. When a man has to

figure out on a pad the date of his marriage, or his wife has to have the date of his birthday recalled to her, then the spirit of the old courtship days should be taken from the lavender of memory, and aired and dusted.

This spirit helps the wife to realize that the dainty house dresses she used to wear still may have the old power to charm, that the piano need not remain closed if sentiment can keep for it the old delight, that the songs that once soothed the mind and heart of one now nearer than ever still might exercise their old

spell.

The past does not die, we kill it and bury it; we can make it

live forever in the present, but which ever we do, the option is ours and the responsibility is ours. The love, confidence, sympathy, tenderness and consideration that the heart feels, let the lips

and life express. Courtship is a vessel of promise that is often

wrecked on the shoals of matrimony. Courtship means two mates

without a captain; marriage sometimes becomes two captains

without a mate.

("Living in Boarding Houses and Hotels,"is the title of the next article in this series.)

Editor's Table.

On the Form of Prayer.

From time to time questions come to the editors asking for instructions in detail on what words should be used in the performance of Church ordinances. There seems to be a tendency among

some of the elders to reduce every blessing and ordinance to a set form. Doubtless their intention is to perform the ordinance correctly and effectively, but it should be remembered that the bless

ings of the Sacrament and the formula for Baptism are about the only forms which the Lord has seen fit to reveal. Perhaps because

he desires to prevent his servants from being too mechanical in officiating in the ordinances of the Gospel. He intends without

doubt that the Spirit of the Lord should be left to give appropriate utterance in harmony with the time, the place, the occasion, and the condition.

Lately some questions on technical expression in consecrating and anointing with oil have come to hand. In the healing of the

sick, it is well to remember that in the word of the Lord (Doctrine and Covenants—24: 13, 14,) to the Saints, the elders are enjoined

not to require miracles without being directly commanded of the

Lord. An exception is made in the matter of healing the sick,

casting out devils, and against poisonous serpents; and even then,

the elders are commanded not to cast out devils, or heal the sick, except it be required of them by those who desire it done. It is

clear that the elders are to hold this holy ordinance sacred.

They are not carelessly and indiscriminately to exercise the power of the Priesthood conferred upon them in the matter of healing, except as, first, they are commanded of the Lord; or, secondly,

as called upon by those who desire to be healedEDITORS TABLE. 1033

The Latterday Saints believe in the power of God to heal the sick through the administration of the Priesthood. They believe

that the signs promised in the scriptures do follow the believer, that through faith in Christ and in the ordinance which he has instituted, men and women may be healed, and may do many wonderful works. They believe that through the priesthood, the servants of Jesus Christ may cast out evil spirits, speak in tongues,

lay hands on the sick, in his name, to their recovery; and that by

the power of faith in Christ, people may be preserved from poisonous reptiles, and ether dangers.

Ancient and modern scriptures are clear in stating the general manner of healing the sick. We are told in the word of the

Lord to the Prophet Joseph: "And whosoever among you are

sick, and have not faith to be healed, but believe, shall be nourished with all tenderness, with herbs and mild food, and that not by the hand of an enemy. And the elders of the Church, two or

more, shall be called, and shall pray for and lay their hands upon them in my name; and if they die they shall die unto me, and if

they live they shall live unto me. * * * * And again, it

shall come to pass that he that hath faith in me to be healed, and is not appointed unto death, shall be healed."—Doctrine and Covenants 42: 43, 44, 48.

Again the apostle James declares to the former day Saints:

"Is any sick among you? Let him call for the elders of the

Church and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord; and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and

the Lord shall raise him up; and if ye have committed sins, they

5: 14, 15. shall be forgiven."—James

In the experience of Christ on this continent when he healed the Nephites and blessed their children, as related in III Nephi 17, we have again a concise and general outline of the manner of healing and blessing the sick who have faith.

It appears from these examples that the Lord has at no time seen fit to give the detailed wording of these ordinances, but has left it to the discretion of the officiating elder and the dictation of the Spirit of the Lord.

The question has been asked us: which is correct to say in consecrating oil, "for the healing of the sick,"or "for

1034 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the anointing of the sick?"Our questioner here enters technically into details which were better left entirely to the spirit of

the occasion. There is no set form for "consecrating oil, "though

it would appear that the consecration is intended both for the anointing and the healing of the sick. The ordinance should be

performed under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and such words should be used as are consistent with what is being asked for. We should remember that the oil should be consecrated,

dedicated and set apart for holy purposes, to be used in the household of faith "for the healing of the sick"or "for the anointing of the sick."Both phrases may be used with propriety. It should

be remembered, however, that it is the prayer of faith that saves the sick, and the Lord who raises them up, not the oil, though we are commanded to anoint with oil in the name of the Lord.

(Doctrine and Covenants 42: 44, 48; 35: 9, 15.) And a word to

elders on anointing. To anoint is to rub over with oil. A drop

applied to a head covered with artifices in the hair, so that the oil cannot reach the body, is not anointing, does not comply with the commandment, and, in my opinion, is null and void.

Another similar question is asked: In sealing the anointing, should the following words be used: "And cause that this oil

shall penetrate your system?"As stated before, there is no form

for sealing the anointing; that also should be done according to the

inspiration and dictation of the Holy Spirit; however, it seems

reasonable that it is not the oil, but the power and influence of the

Spirit of God, that we pray may penetrate the system, to his healing. It would be perfectly appropriate to say, "and cause

this ordinance may have effect according to our faith, that the healing influence of the Spirit of God may penetrate his system that the sick may be saved and that God will raise him up."

One more thought, men are not heard for their much speaking. Dirpct, simple, heartfelt, supplication for what we want and

need is the best and most effective order of prayer. What prayer

could be more appropriate to the apostles of Christ, whom he was sending out to preach the Gospel without purse or scrip, than.

"Give us this day our daily bread?"But to the person who has his

thousands and his millions, such a prayer is not appropriate. He

should ask when he prays for the things he needs. Also our

EDITOR'S TABLE. IO35

prayers should be short, simple and to the point. I remember on

one occasion a number of the authorities visited Erastus Snow when he was very sick; one of them asked if he desired the brethren to administer to him, "Yes, indeed, I do; but I don't want

them to smother me with long prayers,"was his answer.

But let us repeat again, that rather than having set forms, the elders should live so that they may have the inspiration of the

Spirit of God, when called upon to officiate in the ordinances, then their prayers will be simple, direct, appropriate and effective in the sight of God.

Joseph P. Smith.

Loyalty.

President George H. Brimhall's remarks at devotional exercises in the Brigham Young University, March 16, 1911, apply

with equal force to other than recalcitrant students. We are all

beneficiaries of the Lord our God, and the cause which he has founded is our cause:

I compliment you, on your last week's work. One and threetenths per cent failing, last week. That is reaching a high standbest record since we have been keeping data along thising—the

line. I remind the students, this morning, that each one is a

beneficiary of the Church. You have not paid during the past

year one cent of tuition. Your entrance fees have not met the

expenses of heating, lighting and taking care of the institution, to say nothing of interest on the capital invested. So you can readily

see, from this point of view, that you are beneficiaries of the

Church.

You have been the guests of the Church, and you have also been the guests of the board, who have served without pay. I

hope none of you will assume to be host or hostess. I hope you will

have sufficient confidence in those who have been providing this progressive educational feast; I hope you will have sufficient confidence in the institution known as the Church, and in those whom

the Lord has called to direct in that Church, to feel that it is amply able to take care of its children. I did not create this

university; you did not create it. I have not maintained it;

1036 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

you have not maintained it. I am an employee. And shall the

employees presume to instruct the employer and tell him how his business should be run? Is it good taste on the part of the guest

to indicate how the banquet shall be served? I wish to declare to

you that no one, either guest or outsider, shall stop the progress and growth of this school. The prophets (?) who are proclaiming

that the school will go down if the present Church policy is pursued; the prophets (?) who are proclaiming that any organization

or division of the Church will go down if Church policy is pursued, will be found among the prophets of Baal, if the voice of the prophet of God is adhered to, and if the policy that the Church has established is followed, because the Church will take care of its school, and will also see that all divisions of the Church prosper.

Last night I read this statement: "And that night nine

babes were born in that camp of sleet, snow, wind, frost; and

across the river the fugitives could see flickering lights here and there in the homes from which they had been driven, now occupied by a homes they were at that time, not hovmob"—palatial

els, but homes of brick and wood. They have stood there for more

than half a century, and are monuments of the faith and patriotism of this people. The fugitives sheltered by those four

hundred wagons and tents, were the people of whom we are the children. There were slight murmurings in that camp, by those

who felt that Brigham Young was leading them astray, but the great majority of that camp said, "The God of Israel is our in God andguide."That was an hour to test their faith—faith

his living oracles. And so they marched forth with their faces,

day after day, towards the setting sun. Where? There was no

one to tell them. Some presumed California; others said, to the

mountains. Around their campfires they sang the song of

"Upper California."That is the class of people that this school

has behind it—men and women who have passed through such sacrifices.

I ask you, my beloved students, not to give evidence to the world that you have lost faith in the leaders of Israel. I ask you

not to borrow the trumpet of the disbeliever, and sound the bugle blast to the world that, at the banquet where you have been feedEDITOR'S TABLE. 1037

ing you have been served with something that has taken you off the firm rocks of faith in God, upon which your ancestors stood and built for you. I ask you to think of these things.

If President Joseph P. Smith wants my counsel, he gets it. If

the board wants my advice, they get it; but I am not going to

advise my board through avenues that are antagonistic to the institution that built the school. Remember that, fellow students.

I would rather my name be written on a tombstone than to see it in any array that could be justly construed to class me against my people; and when I say against my people, I say against the Priesthood of God, that I have learned to follow and not to oppose. It

is hard to keep still. Oh, it is hard to stand still; but it is harder

to keep still and see the salvation of the Lord.

Now in spite of all that may be said or done, the authorities of this school and of the Church school system will decide its policy; and those who work under the head know there is no power

to judge the policy of the school, except those who preside over it. If there be a student or a teacher who recognizes any other

directive source than that provided by the Church, they may appeal to that source; but before anyone does this, in good conscience, in good form, I suggest that before you assume the right

to dictate that you retire from our banquet

George H. Brimhall.

Hints to the Editors.

The editors receive many suggestions, criticisms and commendations, from the readers of the Era, of general interest to the public. Some of these good things, we are tempted to print

from time to time:

Have you ever noticed that the churches are open only when the saloons are closed, ai>d that the saloons are open six days and most of each night a week, while the churches are open at the most six hours one day each week? And yet some people wonder why the church is losing influence. A.

We make life strenuous by our extravagances and artificial wants, so that we have very little time to study on lines of spiritual development. Though the world is growing better in many things, the great

1038 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mass of people is thronging the broad road to destruction. When turning the separator this morning, I noticed the stream of cream was very

small compared with the stream of skimmed milk. So it is with humanity.

There is room in a very narrow road for the cream, but the skimmed milk needs a very broad road, and then it seems crowded. I was told by

a man the other day who was representing a tobacco house that the consumption of tobacco in this country had increased 40 per cent in the last year, and the use of intoxicants is also increasing. I am thankful f r

the Word of Wisdom. It is a great blessing to all who obey it. I am

very thankful that the Lord called me in my boyhood and gave me the knowledge of the way of eternal life. I am thankful for the good reports that come to us of the condition of the work of the Lord at home

and abroad. May the great work continue to roll on. Patriarch William Halls, Mancos, Colo.

While sitting in the Tabernacle and listening to your excellent paper on amusements for the young, at the M. I. conference, I promised myself

to compliment you on your effort in that line. It is refreshing to me—

and what appeals to me will appeal to thousands of other sincere parents struggling for the real uplifting of their children—to hear once in a

while some practical sense injected into remarks touching that wonderful, intricate and seemingly fearfully perplexing subject—amusement

for our children. If but a fraction of the time, talent, and energy now

spent in exploiting amusement for our young people were utilized in devising means of useful employment for this same class of individuals, I do not hesitate to assert that we should have better, nobler, more useful and positively more valuable young people than at present. As it is we

rear a lot of assuming, expectant, demanding, dependent, leaners. Where

are the lifters among our young people? There are some, but the> are

very few. Parents must furnish the sinews of war, be up early and

late, scheme, plan and toil untiringly. Who assists them? As a rule

not the young, strong, healthy and beautiful specimens of manhood and womanhood, their sons and daughters. The men and children—grown

women, brim full and running over with energy—must just now plan

for excursions, arrange for parties, obtain books, papers and periodicals enabling them to provide games for every day in the year. And they

mustbe"on"to every"stunt"in the field. The field that yields the golden

grain? No; Pa can see to that. Ma can feed the calves and the

pigs. That's about the way it goes, my dear brother. Any wonder that

the average thinking parent feels tired? Dr. Charles L. Qlsen, Murray.

At the Brigham Young University, the students are invited

EDITOR'S TABLE. 1039

to hand in gems of literature with which they come in contact, and which have affected their lives more than any other sentiments.

The following was selected by Dr. George H. Brimhall from a

number submitted by the students and sent us as worthy of a place in the Era:

It is not for you to waste your time in useless speculation as to the unknowable source of your life's stream, or in seeking to trace it in the ocean. It is enough for you that it is, and that, while it runs its brief

course, it is yours to make it yield its blessings. For this you must

train your hand and eye and brain—You must be in life a fisherman.

Referring to the article on the statues of the Prophet and

Patriarch Joseph and Hyrum Smith in the August Era, President

Heber J. Grant writes to the associate editor: "I was surprised

that you should have made the mistake of saying that M. M.

Young was the son of Joseph Young. His work has so often been

referred to as the work of the grandson of Brigham Young, and he has also been written of as the son of the late M. M. Young,

in a number of articles; and wherever you got the idea that he

was Joseph Young's son, I am at a loss to know."The associate

editor pleads guilty to the error, and stands corrected. M. M.

Young, the artist, is the son of M. M. Young who was the son of

Brigham Young.

Mr. J. Emil Soderquist of Ogden says that several years ago

the following question was put to him. He answered it at that

time in the way he thought was right. Since then each time as he

has thought of it he would give a slightly different answer, until his present answer would be very different from the one of two years ago. The question follows: "What, in your opinion, constitutes a successful life? Give reason therefor."He asks that

we give the question space in the Era and requests as many as desire to answer, hoping that the best answers may be printed in our magazine. We will be glad to send the Improvement Era

for one year each to the three persons who shall give the best answers, and will be pleased to hear from any one who may have something to say on the subject. The answers should consist of

not more than 300 or 400 words. The Junior Manual for 191112 bears upon this subject.

Messages from the Missions.

Elder John T. Craner, of the North Indiana Conference, Marion,

Indiana, June 17, says that the elders in that missionfield had been doing outdoor work during the past few months, in the country.

They have lived with the people and have learned that when the elders do their part the Lord always prepares the way for his servants. The people are getting more friendly toward the

elders year by year, and treat them well. A number have

said that they wish to return the kindness shown to them by the Bureau of Information, while in Salt Lake City. The elders are, from left to

right: John A. Bybee, Ucon, Idaho; John E. Danielson, Heber, Nels Butler, Santaquin, Utah; and John T. Craner, Oakley, Idaho.

Elder Charles F. Barnes, Columbia, South Carolina, sends a photo,

graph of the Latterday Saints meeting house just erected by a number of the elders in the Columbia, South Carolina conference. The building is located at Pireway, North

Carolina. Credit is due to

Elders Clarence Hart and Leroy Black for taking a prominent part in its erection. It will seat about two

hundred and fifty people.

The material and extra work was furnished principally by nonmembers of the Church, there being only seven members in the immediate neighborhood. The Saints have many friends On the 21st of May a branch

EDITOR'S TABLE. 1041

conference was held in the building, when President C. A. Callis

attended. Saints and friends feel that they are greatly blessed in having

such a comfortable place in which to worship. The names of the elders

in front of the building are, left to right: Leroy Black, Huntington

Utah; Clarence Hart, Menan, Idaho; Robert L. Ison, Thatcher, ArizonaCharles F. Barnes, (President of the Conference) Parker, Idaho; William

P. Rowley, Colonia Pacheco, Mexico; C. A. Callis, (President of the

Southern States Mission) Coalville, Utah; Henry Whittaker, Lyman

Idaho.

Edward Darrington sends information of a recent meeting of the elders of the East Kansas and Independence conferences held at St.

Joseph, Missouri. Twenty elders were present, besides President Bennion and Brother Wells, of Salt Lake City. Three separate priesthood

meetings were held, at which the Spirit of the Lord was greatly enjoyed in the testimonies of the elders. The public meetings were wellattended

by investigators and Saints. "In it all we were truly shown that the

Lord was with us, and that we have the authority to preach the gospel.''

Temporally the elders were well taken care of by the Saints, who served lunches at the hall. The elders, reading from left to right, are, back

row: Orville C. Day, A. Sanburg, J. 0. Sorenson, W. A. Jackman,

Edward Darrington, S. T. Stanley. Second row: William Corbett, W.

H. Duffin, Elmer Jackson, H. P. Price, William Teeples, E. C. Nebeker,

P. P. Robinson. Front row: 0. Taggart, John Denny, H. B. Haws, A.

C. Dangerfield, (President of the Independence Conference) C. R. Christensen, (President of the East Kansas Conference) Theodore Johnson,

M. T. Benson.

1042 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Elder A. F. Wilson, writing from Bury, Lancashire, England, gives

an account of an experience which some elders had at a meeting on

Tuesday evening, July 25, 1911, on the square at Ramsbottom, Lancashire, England. The second meeting ended in the violent mobbing of

the elders whose pictures are given herewith. He proceeds: "A fine

meeting was held, and the Spirit of God was in our midst in abundance.

Two of the elders gave an able address upon the principles of the gospel.

All went well until we had closed our meeting, when a mob of about five hundred people began abusing the elders. We held our ground as best

we could, until it got so hot for us we were compelled to seek shelter in the home of Brother George Howarth. On our way to his home, the

mob, which had grown to about a thousand people, threw clods, stones, bottles, old shoes, and everything within reach at us, but fortunately for us none were seriously hurt. While in Brother Howarth's home we

sang hymns and partook of a very nice lunch while the mob raged furiously outside. We remained until the early hours of the morning,

awaiting the dispersing of the mob so that we could return in peace to our lodges. Venturing out in the open, we were again attacked by a few

angry women, but treated them with contempt and passed safely. The

work of the Lord is progressing very rapidly here, and we rejoice in the work of the Lord, although we receive considerable persecution."

.,

SSSKM #1 nifTi"""I

? *'B| m TCI>1 En

"B P* "Wem *

'* J8Er

ELDERS OF THE MANCHESTER CONFERENCE.

Top row, left to right: J. J. Allen, Wellsville, D. D. Bankhead, Spanish Fork, A. F.

Wilson, Salt Lake City, Utah; H. Graves, Preston, Idaho. Second row: S. O. Bryson, Bountiful, William Chappie, Ogden, Utah.

Passing Events.

Elder Lester Jenkins Cannon died in Lille, France, May 16, 1911, while on a mission. He was the son of Abraham H. and Sarah

Ann Jenkins Cannon, and was born in Salt Lake City, July 4, 1889, where he lived in the Cannon Ward all his life. He left for his mission to the

Netherlands July 9, 1909, and was assigned to the French speaking part, laboring in Liege, Brussels, and Verviers,

Belgium; and then in Lille,

France, where he died. He

became very proficient in the language, and did most of the interpreting at the last conference he attended. He was a boy

of strong faith, having been from childhood a faithful worker in the Sunday School and Mutual

Improvement Association. He

was industrious as well as faithful. He had a powerful physique, and was a young man

whom disease, it would seem, would be the last upon whom to make an attack. He was of a

sunny and lovable disposition and made friends wherever he LESTER JENKINS CANNON.

went. From the last letter

written by Lester to his mother, which was received three days before she heard the dreadful news of his death, it seems that he had recently had a number of very remarkable dreams. One was that he saw himself

1044 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

laid out upon a table or couch, with President Thatcher and two strange men standing over him, a dream which was fulfiled to the utmost detail.

Another was that he had received a release from his labors, and when he remonstrated with the president for sending him home before the usual length of time had elapsed, the latter assured him that he had already performed a full and honorable mission and could be of more use else"where. That he should have had dreams so significant is not more remarkable than that he should have told them to his mother, for the eifect

upon her was sure to be depressing, and yet it seems to have been wisely ordained, for it prepared her in a measure for the shock of the later news—so much so that when his older brother George J. Cannon went to

the house bearing the last sad message, she exclaimed with a scream, as soon as she saw him, that she knew that her beloved youngest son was gone.

Mr. James H. Wallis, of Rexburg, Idaho, recently celebrated the 30th anniversary of his marriage. As a souvenir of the

occasion he had a card engraved containing photos of himself, his wife and their fifteen children. He sent one of these cards to Senator Borah

of Idaho, who evidently showed it to exPresident Roosevelt who thereupon promptly sent a congratulatory letter to Mr. Wallis, dated June

15, 1911, which reads as follows:

My Dear Mr. Wallis:—My good friend Senator Borah has sent me

a card showing you and your wife and family, and I must take this opportunity of sending one word of hearty congratulation to you and your wife on your thirtieth wedding anniversary to wish well to all of you. You are the kind of American citizen I thoroughly believe in, and

for whom I feel the highest regard. Faithfully yours,

Theodore Roosevelt.

The card is prized very highly by Mr. Wallis and his family. Two

sons are now on missions, and four children are married, and there are two promising grandchildren. Mr. Wallis is 50 years of age and his

wife but 46. She is the proud mother of all the children, and all are

single births. The Era adds congratulations to the family.

From the Frozen North, Elder K. N. Winnie writes from Nome

City, Alaska, to the Era under date of July 18. He ays that the

steamer Corwin had recently brought twelve and onehalf tons of mail collected in Seattle during the winter. When the historic Yukon broke

up.in the spring, forty odd sacks were brought over by steamer from St.

Michael that had been sidetracked along the winter trail. "The admonition always comes to me in the time of disappointment: Submit thyself

EDITOR'S TABLE. IO45

to the powers that be, "until He comes whose right it is to reign. Please

continue to send me the Era volume 15. This is a most beautiful summer, and I intend to make a sightseeing and picturetaking trip into the

famous SawTooth range, north of our mining interests. The Era may

receive some views to scatter through its pages from time to time."

Thanks, and a pleasant journey. Ed.

New Wards and Changes for the month of July, 1911, as reported by the Presiding Bishop's Office: Ernest A. Griffin was sustained as bishop of the Escalante ward, Panguitch stake, to succeed

Andrew Schow; Richard G. Watt, as bishop of the Thatcher ward, Bear

River stake, to succeed James Nelson, Jr.; H. B. Coles was appointed

ward clerk of the Thatcher ward, Bear River stake, to succeed Amos

Hatch; T. Ray Rencher, ward clerk of the Eager ward, St. John's stake,

to succeed Orson P. Greer; Joseph M. Martin, ward clerk of the Millard

ward, Woodruff stake, to succeed E. Harris; Wm. D. Wilcock, ward

clerk of the Escalante ward, Panguitch stake, to succeed Mary A. P.

Schow; Charles C. Johnson, ward clerk of the American Falls ward,

Pocatello stake, to succeed Lillie J. Muehlen; Hyrum A. Reeve, ward

clerk of the Tenth ward, Liberty stake, to succeed James T. Strong; Joseph Steele, ward clerk of the Circleville ward, Panguitch stake, to succeed Maggie Peterson; M. D. Allen, ward clerk of the Kingston ward,

Panguitch stake, to succeed R. A. Allen; Elkol ward, Woodruff stake,

has been disorganized; Wm. Robinson was appointed ward clerk of the

Upton ward, Summit stake, to fill the vacancy caused by the release of

A. M. Christensen; Jesse McCullough, ward clerk of the Provo Sixth

ward, to succeed Alfred C. Larson. The name of the Burtner ward,

Millard stake, has been changed to Delta ward, Delta, Utah. The address

of the president of the Fremont stake, has been changed to Rexburg,

Idaho.

I. Beautiful Homes In Liberty Stake are encouraged by the M.

A. Supt. E. M. Ashton and Chairman Orson H. Hewlett of the Beautification Committee of that stake, one day during the latter part of June,

visited some one hundred owners of homes whose properties had been entered in competition for cleaner and prettier front and back yards, which was instituted by the Y. M. M. I. A. of that stake last spring.

The activity has resulted in a great improvement in many of the homes in that stake. The work in connection with awarding the prizes was

very arduous, and difficult, but on the whole gave satisfaction to everybody concerned. It required three days to visit the homes to obtain

1046 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

information on which to base the decisions. In delivering the thirtythree awards which consisted of silver cups and cash, the committee

invited a number of officers of the associations, reporters and others to accompany them. Thirtythree homes were

visited on the evening that the awards were distributed and it was an inspiration to witness the smiles of satisfaction as well as the lovely flower gardens, lawns and tidy back yards of the winners. In many

instances it was ascertained that the children, boys and girls, had taken special delight in beautifying the homes and making the premises beautiful. Many interesting stories were told of the efforts put forth

by the winners for the prizes, and all who entered the contest were rewarded for their efforts in more beautiful homes and surroundONE OF THE CUPS AWARDED ing,even if they received no a ward,and so were

IN THE LIBERTY STAKE. satisfied; while those who did receive awards

were, of course, doubly paid for their pains. The portraits accompanying

represent one of the many cups that were given and also a portrait of the Awarding Committee taken at a home awarded a prize on Ninth

East Street.

Award Committee, of the Liberty Stake at a home on Ninth East awarded a prize.

Preliminary Programs and Social Affairs.

At the general conjoint officers meeting of the Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. A. held

in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Sunday morning, June 4, 1911, President Heber

J. Grant conducted the exercises. President Joseph F. Smith, a large representation of General Board members and congregation of officers and members were present. President Anthon H. Lund led in prayer, and the Ensign male chorus sang. A

full report of the proceedings follows:

Preliminary Programs. est and thus induce them to come to

the association.

BY ELDER B. S. HINCKLEY. The second reason for providing

these programs is to encourage a

No doubt, the primary reason for a broader and better culture in the Imdiscussion of preliminary programs at provement work, to impart a general this meeting is that we have not held educationalatmosphere.

is to cultivate theany conjoint officers'meeting, and the The third reason preliminary program is purely a contalents which are found in the associjoint affair. One feels in no way disations.

posed to offer any apology for discussSome very beautiful things have ing this seemingly commonplace been said on preliminary programs at theme in the most prominent place in these conferences; and scarcely a

the program of the entire conference Manual has ever been issued in whicli when he considers its significance. the preliminary program has not been

I believe that I may say. with all given prominence in the preface, and

kindness, that lazy makeshift prelimin some Manuals the preliminary proinary programs are answerable for grams have all been outlined. But,

more failures in the ordinary meetnotwithstanding this, there seems to ings than any other one factor. Thirty be some inefficiency on the part of

minutes is assigned for the prelimthose who have the matter in charge.

led toinary program. The time is long Thinking this matter over, I am

should either haveenough, and it is short enough. These this conclusion: We

programs have been in operation for a good creditable preliminary programs number of years, and wherever they or none at all; and I am inclined to

have been carefully carried out they think that if you do not have prelimhave resulted in immeasurable good inary programs the associations will to the association. suffer. Therefore, the only thing to

In the first place, the preliminary do is to have good ones. I wish I

it upon the hearts ofprogram should be prepared by the knew how to lay officers of the association, or by a the brethren and sisters who have committee delegated by these officers this matter in charge, so that they to prepare the program. When it is would give it that serious thought receive. to it is entitled officers which thedelegated to a committee,

tell it all: words or ten nine About censorship a carefulshould exercise be must program The preliminary see that nothing toover the program, carried out; and, out; worked in harthought wholly not that isis presented those left who to be not It must that out. and culture the dignity withmony interest specific and a direct not have ImproveMutual characterizeshould that say to bold I am work. in the work.ment is program preliminary the where the definite: In are very aims The associations your be, it should what it is these designed, first by place, I think and successtul; eminently are exto the diversity give toprograms, to indeed, difficult, very it be would more them therebyercises make and the where association successful find a of is a percentageattractive. There failure. is a program preliminary force sheer of will, outpeople who

it not would place, first in the meetings; Now, dryest the attendof duty, superstake for the a good thing reach be to wish we people whom thebut to boards, stake the with intendents, have to; must we appealed bemust what upon and determine together interget their enlist will thatsomething

1048 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

they shall do in the way of preliminfrom announcements as far as possiary programs for the coming season; ble. It must not be too long; thirty

plan the affair; think it out; and, if minutes is the time. Hold to it.

needs be, do what has been done, with Things to be observed: In the first

marked success, in one of the stakes place, there must be a general fitness of this to the ward offiof things; there is so much in that city—presentcers a typical and ideal preliminary phrase "the eternal fitness of things!"

program? Show the ward officers how There should be a proper adjustment

to do it. After the thing is outlined, of the time and the lesson to the seait takes so much careful, detailed work son of the year. It should be inspirto have everything prepared and carational, it should contain an appeal to

ried out properly. You can ask a the highest and best that is in one.

man if he will take part on the proIt should be artistic and well selected.

gram. He will say, "yes,"with a sort The preliminary program is made up

of apathetic and indifferent air. Probof two distinctive parts—the devoably he will be there, and probably tional exercises and the educational

he will not; but if you make him feel part of it. The devotional exercises

the importance of going there with a are made up of singing and prayer, careful and thorough preparation, and and the educational side of it is made get a definite answer out of him; see up of essays, readings, recitations, and

that his carfare is provided, and that so forth; instrumental and vocal muhe knows exactly the time and every sic, current events, and whatever else

detail connected with it, he will be that could and ought, with wisdom, to there, in all probability, and he will be introduced here.

make the necessary preparation. Then It seems to me that the atmoscheck up every man and every womphere of the meeting depends upon

an who has a part to take, and see the opening—the singing primarily;

that they are impressed with the imthis is such an important factor. In

portance of the part assigned them. attending associations, we sometimes

This means a great deal of work, and get the idea that they are mere work in this, as in everything else, classes; they seem to be devoid of

spells success. After the thing is all that fine element of worship, that eleoutlined, and all prepared, then it is ment which lifts the soul and inspires

very important to see that they are men to think and to do things of an there, and that the program comelevated and noble type. I think that

mences on time, and that it is conwe ought to exercise the greatest care ducted with order, dignity, and disto commence the meeting with a proppatch. We have had a good deal of er spirit; and nothing will contribute

experience in this; we had some yesso much to that sanctifying feeling as terday,—if you will pardon me for digood singing. There isn't anything

verting. It is not such a difficult that so depresses a person of refined

thing to get men enlisted in athletic sensibilities as to listen to mechanievents, but it is a tremendous task to cal, listless, makeshift singing. Thereget them there and get them on their fore, let the singing be prepared in

marks. time. Have everything ready; and at

There are some things which we the given moment start it off. It is

should avoid, and some things which a nice thing to teach boys to pray in we should do. Avoid scolding in the the association; and what a serious

preliminary program; that is not what thing it is, if the spirit of prayer is

it is for. I never saw a boy that you not there, to have a boy or any one

could not drive away from the home, else pray.

or anywhere else, if you kept up a It was reported that in some assogood systematic process of scolding. ciations the preliminary programs

is would be made up of one exercise Second,—avoid sermonizing; that

not what the preliminary program is a boy or girl would read a piece, a

in fifteen minutes, a for,Third,—avoidand that isdelaysnot alwaysand makeshifts,attractive. play,tempt orto a give,novel, unduly long; or atdue to a lack of preparation. Oftsynopsis of some book. This part

times the preliminary program is imoften is taken by young people who provised; they get anybody they can are inexperienced in these affairs, and

to take part, anybody who happens as a consequence the work was unsucto be there. The preliminary program cessful.

should be free from sensationalism, We are engaged in a great educafrom personalities, from burlesques, tional work; and I believe if I were

PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1049

superintendent of a stake, and was ment which will promote faith in God honestly, deeply, and religiously deand faith in good men and in good sirous of making the association a sucwomen. May the Lord bless us that

cess, I would lay, I was going to say, we may be successful to this end, is compound stress on the preliminary my prayer, in the name of Jesus.

program. Just try it for one year; Amen.

whether you have anything else or not, have a good preliminary program. Social Affairs. Sometimes it is thought advisable to

put on the program boys and girls

R. LOVESY. who are inexperienced and immature, BY MRS. EDITH

who do their best but who do not sucdear brethren and sisters, I trust ceed very well in this. We recognize My

that there isn't anything more comthat while I shall stand before you mendable than to discover the talent I shall be able to make myself heard;

in the association, and bring it out; and I crave an interest in your faith

but it seems to me that it would be and prayers, that the Spirit of God assist me. suicidal to continually put numbers in may

the preliminary program which would As Mutual Improvement workers, not encourage an attendance at the the greatest desire in our hearts meeting, even if it did encourage the should be to serve God and keep His one who took part. They should be commandments, and, with His help, to

encouraged and fostered where it will teach the youth of Zion the way that not be done at such great expense. they should go. This is a great reIn Salt Lake City, and in some of the sponsibility, and I feel it is a perother stakes, they are blest with an sonal one—to do all we can for Christ

abundance of talent. If my memory and His kingdom here upon the earth.

serves me, in the Ensign Stake they Our young people are surrounded, on did something like this, which sucall sides, by every form of temptation ceeded beyond their expectations.—wealth, fashion, promiscuous pleasThey selected, for instance, for one ures; and the wiles of men are all

evening, one of the great musical comworking to draw them into by and posers. They had some person give forbidden paths. Our Mutual Im-

a fine character sketch of the comprovement boys and girls stand for poser, then they selected a few of the all that is highest and best, so far as finest artists to play some of the popchastity, purity, and honesty are conular pieces of the great composer. cerned; but, to a certain extent, we

This certainly carried with it a most feel that some of them are lacking in commendable feature, so far as the grace of manner, and for this reason general culture was concerned, and, are misunderstood by the world at besides that, it pleased the people, large. We, as a people, know there

who came, and it resulted in an unusuare not any better, cleaner, more ally large attendance at these meetwhole-souled men and women upon ings. Then on another occasion they the face of the earth than are the Lathad children give the program. But terday Saints; but we do not want the

the success of the matter was with lack of a little outward polish to dim those who had it in charge, who took the true worth of the youth of Zion.

the pains to see that every detail was We want them to cultivate a noble, finished and that every preparation attractive, everyday bearing in our was made for the exercises, and it social affairs, and in our mingling towas presented in a very creditable gether we should endeavor to so reguand satisfactory manner. As a result, late our actions that we will not bring

a petition was sent to the General pain and distress upon others. Let us

Board asking them to make provisions always remember who we are and for a Parents'Class, a class for mawhom we represent. By our idle words

ture men and women, in the associaand the acts of our idle times, we can tion, so that they might take care of be most fairly judged; and so, in our

these older people who came to witmingling together, we have ample opness the preliminary program. portunity of showing what we are.

May the Lord bless us and help One of our writers has said: "By

us in our endeavors to interest, eduour forms of amusement we show cate, and elevate the young people of what is in our minds; and the use of

our Church. Of course, running our leisure is a signpost showing

through all of this, must be an elewhether our course tends towards sel1050 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fishness or towards greater brightness them and that which is before them, in the revelation of character and the then no matter how hard we may try service of mankind."Men not only we can not entertain or please them.

work for existence and power but to The Japanese are the greatest pleasobtain recreation as well. Nor do they uretakers in the world, because they

toil just to increase the volume of exhave within themselves a taste for ports and imports, but they dream of beauty and workedout details, and happy hours of play. They picture wherever they go they enjoy the use

themselves traveling in strange counof that taste. If we, in our mingling

tries, enjoying their leisure, or among together, would be more observing, the hilltops, with gun and rod, or at would take more interest in that which the musical, or the drama. The love is planned for us; or if we are lovers

of pleasure cannot be denied; and unof nature, and when taking interest

less proper provision is made for its in our outdoor sports, if we would expression, it will turn into all sorts interest ourselves more in the mysof appetites and souldestroying pleasteries of nature—her rocks, and plants,ures. Therefore, let us rouse ourher rivers and hills—then we would

selves, as separate stakes and comgo home refreshed. But, on the othmunities, and provide our young peoer hand, if we lounge about, unconple with plenty of recreation and soscious of people and conditions, and

cial affairs. It is natural that youth sit in a corner expecting everything to

should be joyous, and needful that come to us, looking always for pleasthey should be given relaxation, and ure outside of ourselves, then we will diversion. Now, we all know what a go home unsatisfied and disappointed.

holiday is, but the important thing is We should not feel that the lull to know how to use it, else no good from our winter's work and our meetcomes of it. Besides having leisure, it ings, means an empty summer time.

is necessary that we understand what If the spirit of work be entirely cast constitutes recreation. Another of our aside, and our young people are left to

writers has said it should include some drift without any well worked out excitement, some strengthening of the plans, we may find this spirit of leisless used fibers of the mind or body.and ure, undisciplined, may work untold

the activity of the imagination. It ruin. It is not enough, as officers, to

should be something more stirring than plan popular amusement, but to be loafing; something attractive, and not present to welcome, to direct, and to

something undertaken as a duty. An encourage their efforts. We would

exciting show stirs, but it does not urge that the most of your recreations strengthen the mind. Mere change, a be planned outside, during the sumfresh excursion every day, the specmer months, for there is no greatertacle of a contest—these wear out our tonic for tired brain or nerves than

powers; but, on the other hand, games plenty of fresh air, sunshine, and conwell played fulfill the conditions, and tact with nature. You officers should

there is no more cheering sight than plan to take crowds of your young that of playing fields where young and people to places of interest in or near old are using their limbs intent on doyour towns; organize country walks,

ing their best. One of the most notor excursions. Trips to the canyons

able miracles of recreation is the use are always a source of delight, but of the imagination. All our pleasure should never be considered, under anycomes from within—and not from circumstances, unless older people are

without. Children grow tired of their taken along. The parents could help

toys, men and women of their postheir children to enjoy these trips sessions, but one never tires of the immore by pleasant talks around the agination, which every day reveals evening table, teaching them what something new. The majority of peobeauties to look for and encouraging

ple think they must be amused; that them, on their return, to tell of their

they should put forth no effort on discoveries. This would do away with

their own part; but the great secret so much aimless wandering. With

lies in being able to amuse themselves; great care, we teach our young people

that is, their pleasures must come how to work; but I think it is necesfrom the exercise of their own faculsary to teach them how to enjoy

ties of heart and mind. We know that their being; then they would not stand

if people do not enter wholesouled in the midst of nature's glories, all into that which we have planned for purple and golden, and green, and say:

PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1051

"Which is the way to the scenery?"as a result are giving some of our

Then they could never feel dull, as young people work in gymnasiums;

they so often do now, when in the and they are planning their athletic midst of such wondrous beauty. meets, which include baseball, basketOn these trips, have your plans defball, football, and all sorts of cominitely worked out; arrange a commitpetitive races and contests. We feel to

tee on outdoor games; cultivate the congratulate them, and would encourhabit of devoting a part of your time age more to fall in line. With just a

to singing; and then do not start your little expenditure of effort, bv the

roaming over crags and hills unless boys, and some small expense, every you do it in crowds. Do not allow stake could have its tennis court, and

your young people to wander any disits croquet ground as well, thus ooentance from camp unchaperoned. Trips ing a wider field in which the girls

to the parks could be planned in the may participate.

same manner, but always with proper I had thought I would like to give precautions. Then, some evening, a you some definite ideas on planned

long ride by team or carriage could church socials, or home socials; but I

be taken into the country, and upon feel that in order to be entirely sucreturning serve light refreshments. cessful, I would have to be closer to

Another evening, a long trolley ride you than I am at the present time, in could be planned, taking the parents order that you might catch the dealong, and stopping en route at the tails. Therefore, I shall content myhome of one of the girls or boys for self with giving you the names of

music or a refreshing hour. Musicals, some excellent books along these

well planned, whether at the home or lines; and I feel safe in saying that

at the church, are always a source of when once they are in your possession, delight; and at these times endeavor you will wonder how you got along withto bring in your best talent, and also out them

encourage latent talent in your midst.

The first I will mention is Dame Dancing is a perfectly simple diversion, natural to youth and high Curtsey's book of Novel Entertainspirits; and the desire to move in ments. This is for every day in the

time and tune to music is instinctive year, giving valuable suggestions on to those in whom the sense of time schemes for decorations, games, and and tune is strong; but we would lunches.

is Dame Curtsey's bookstrongly recommend and urge that the The second young people do not attend these pubof Guessing Contests. So long as you

lic dance halls unless properly accomhave this book, you will never lack for panied. If our girls could only know anything along this line.

how much of their womanly dignity The third is Gymnastic Games classthey lose, as well as the respect of the ified, by E. H. Arnold, M. D. This

public at large, they would not be last will be invaluable to you in furseen at such places unchaperoned. Our nishing games for your canyon and

Juvenile court officers report that the park trips, and for your lawn socials beginning of the downfall of the girls, and excursions.

now in the industrial school, is largely Why is it that young people, and due to attending such places unchapolder ones as well, always enjoy goeroned. ing to some homes and some wards,

We would encourage those who have for amusements, and social affairs, musical ability, and the power to lead, more than to others? It is because

to organize bands in their communities. there is always some little surprise in

It is the making of small towns. Some of store for them, something well

our stakes that have had them for a numplanned, something worth while. In

ber of years say their young people are all that you do, let enthusiasm enter more interested in their homes, take into it. Be enthused over your own

better part in their entertainments and schemes and plans, and take part in their holiday programs. We all yourself—else how can you expect to

know that music vitalizes as nothing interest others? With some artistic

else can; and a brassband has the decorations transform your dull halls

power to transform a crowd from a into bowers of delight, which can workaday into a holiday life. easily be done in these days when

it all A number of our stakes are listenmaterials are so cheap. Yes,

ing to this appeal for recreation, and takes a little work and forethought;

1052 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

but that is always the way with anySocial Affairs.

thing worth while.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

is "It years that not more we require, ogistIt iswhorelatedearlybyvisiteda governmentUtah matgeolthe fire; energy and inward But problem,""Mormon then considered a It is will, not time we lack—but very affair, serious would soon solve ability the to fill the daysAnd God itself. is This how H e had it figured us. to gives

out. There is a great fault plane in

the Wasatch mountain. 1, reaching from

th. outh to the"The world wants men and women the Cottonwoods on

who are not afraid of deeds, Warm Springs on the north. Upon

this is City Salt Lake located. DurInstead cringe of those and quail who time, since ing some the Bonneville little gale, before every

period, the surface of the eaH northAnd who emit the weakling's wail—If and south of this plane has fallen at

we had time."various times some forty feet, indicating great disturbances of the earth.

This geologist contended that the

If you would save these young peoplane upon which the city is located ple, you must plan, and provide betwould be sure some day to drop downter places for their amusements—esto the level of the adjoining land andpecially in the outlying districts—and so engulf the "Mormons"and settle

plan more forms of recreation for the whole question. It would be a drop,

them. Too many of us plan only too, a drop with a thud, for there is a

when there is money to be made, rathdistance of forty feet to go, and it will er than for the pleasure that can be be remembered that in the late San given or the good that can be done. Francisco cataclysm, the original

We must furnish more forms of reccause was only a movement of about reation for the young people, for withfour inches.

out them religion will not have the But the prediction of the governsame power to reach their hearts. ment geologist can never now be ful-

I pray that we may each be able to filled for the "Mormons"were not all take to ourselves, and to our homes, kept on the faultplane; they have

those things that will be helpful to grown out and scattered everywhere, us, and that we shall endeavor to find so that even if Salt Lake City were enjoyment only in those things which engulfed, the "Mormon"problem will elevate and build us up; and let would be as lively as ever.

us be strong enough to avoid all pas- I learn two facts from this little times and pursuits which will tend to story: first, it's a good thing to get off

tear us down, or destroy our high a faultplane in case an accident hapideals. pens; and secondly, if you want to

it grows Again, I would like to say a word squelch anything, do it before to the parents. Endeavor to take too big and scatters. Don't wait too

part more yourselves; do not leave all long.

this responsibility upon the officers The point of the illustration may be and teachers of the different asociapplied to our social affairs. If we reations. Plan out your occupation for side upon a social faultplane liable at

let us get off;each day, and devote a certain time to any time to engulf us,

take part in most of these pleasures and let us not be too long about it for with your children. Lay aside some fear our faults grow so rapidly that we

of the routine will have cannot master them. work—youyour work to do long after it is too

late to save the souls of these boys Meaning of Social Affairs.

and girls. Now as to the significance of social

Let us be morally thoughtful about affairs: as members of the M. I. A. we

the forms of amusements we encourare united by common interests. These

age or patronize. I pray that you are: first, our religion, and secondly,

may have strength and courage and our special organizations, as well as ability to do all that is reciuired at our communities called stakes and your hands; and I ask it, in the name wards.

of Jesus Christ, our Redeemer. Amen. We are thus a society. Naturally we

PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1053

have mutual relationships, friendly to the M. I. A. under the supervision

companionships. There is between us of the proper Church authorities.

as a whole a natural understanding or intercourse, because our lives and purKeep Holy the Sabbath Day. <\ poses are distinctively shaped with

reference to one another. We thus beIn the first place, we stand for a

strict observance of the Sabbath day.

. panionable—income disposed tootherbe friendlywords socialand com- 1, On this day we do none other thing

That which is done, or is to be than let our food be prepared with sindone in any proceeding or action in gleness of heart, and sacrifice our our social lives may be termed an afthoughts and time to prayer, contemfair.

plation, and to pay our devotions to So that, in short, social affairs are God. The reason for this is that we the friendly and companionable relamay more fully keep ourselves untionships and actions in which people spotted from the world. This firmly enlist. interest with a common and effectively excludes from our affairs in Social a broader sense emthoughts excursions, parties, ball brace the highest economic and ethical

games, fishing, buggy and auto riding principles that can be applied to the for pleasure, and every other sport on problems of collective living. the Sabbath day. We believe in keeping holy the Sabbath day. A comHow the M. I. A. Can Help. mendable example was shown us on

the first Sunday in April by the drivBut the purpose of this little talk is, ers of the Wright aeroplanes, at Bonto briefly introduce some of those soneville field, near Saltair. The bleachcial affairs that might perhaps more ers were filled with thousands, and

appropriately come under the name of the trains were carrying other thoucommunity duties, personal amenities, sands to see the birdmen fly for fun good manners, and conduct, and that on that Sabbath day. But Brookins

with a view to get off the fault planes, and Parmalee would not fly, for they for our own safety, and squelch the held their usual telegraphic order from evils before they scatter and so bethe good old Christian Wright broth-: "Remember the Sabbath day; docome too formidable. Of course we ers

can only help. Our 50,000 membership not fly."No amount of taunts and

more or less, is only a small part of cries of "You're afraid,""You're too the community, but we are large good,"changed their splendid deterenough to exercise great influence for mination and purpose. Latterday

good, healthful, clean amusements, Saints, good members of the M. I. A.,

selfrespect, politeness and conduct stand for this kind of determination, among our communities if our eneraction, grit and conclusion. We hold

gies are rightly directed. We can an order more sacred than one from

greatly help the home influence, which, men. God has revealed to us the inafter all, is the basis of society action, junction:

and to which we must look for all tell- "And that thou mayest more fully ing reforms, and we can largely supkeep thyself unspotted from the world, plement the best efforts of the Church thou shalt go to the house of prayer authorities. I would think, therefore, and offer up thy sacraments upon my

that no Church, stake or ward officer holy day;

can do as well in social affairs by ig- "For verily this is a day appointed noring the Mutual Improvement orunto you to rest from your labors, and ganizations as by making good use of to pay thy devotions unto the Most them. I am happy to say that among High;

the 62 stakes and 700 wards in Zion, "Nevertheless thy vows shall be ofonly very few, three or four stakes at fered up in righteousness on all days most and a small number of wards igand at all times:

nore the Mutual organization in form- "But remember that on this the ing committees to devise arrangements Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblafor providing amusement and recreations and thy sacraments unto the tion for the young people. Nearly all, Most High, confessing thy sins unto

wisely as we think, make use of the thv brethren, and before the Lord.

members of our organization for the "And on this day thou shalt do none work and many of them have turned other thing, only let thy food be prethe social affairs over nearly entirely pared with singleness of heart that 1054 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

thy fasting may be perfect, or, in othdragging him from our home. It

er words,that thy joy may be full."seems to have a power over him which

We have one resort, Wandamere, in he is unable to resist. He has often

Utah, in Salt Lake City, and perhans tried to stop, but as often failed. He

many, I hope so at least, in the counis just a young man. I am the mother

try and the states surrounding, where of two. I have done everything I

every gate is locked upon the Sabbath could, but to no avail. Give me your

day, and the spirit of peace and Sabfaith."

bath rest remains undisturbed. It is a

financial success, too, and deserves to Owning Amusement Halls.

be. It is a witness that an amusement One other thing needed; in too

and recreation resort may be successlarge a number of the stakes of Zion ful without liquor and Sabbath breakpublic amusement places, instead of ing. The owners deserve the combeing owned by the wards and manmendation of all Zion for the examole aged by our organizations, are held

they have set. by ordinary private corporations who

A Day for Amusement. therefore devise, direct, and control the amusements of the young people,

But then, as young men and women always with an eye to the main chance of the Church, we would be pleased to for gathering the dollar. While some

have, instead of a sporting Sunday, a of the socials offered are fairly good, day or part of a day during the week it is often the case that no protection for public social amusements and reis vouchsafed the young people except creation, when we may be free to entheir own often wavering power of joy ourselves in games, picnics, rides, selfcontrol. It is a condition that

excursions, etc., under proper direcneeds remedy. The importance of

tion and always, of course, pledging owning our own halls and of controllourselves to such personal and coming and directing the social amusemunity conduct as shall stand the test ments and recreations of our commuof good society. nity is only second to controlling and

directing their moral and religious

Opposed to Cards. training, and has besides an immense

ill. Next, we are opposed to cards and bearing on these for good or

card clubs, because card playing beHence, the Church or her organizagets a spirit of gambling, undue spections may well count it a sacred duty ulation, and awakens that unquenchto provide and control amusement able desire to get something for nothhalls. The time was in our commuing that always ends in disaster. Furnity when public dance halls, erected

ther our time is too precious to waste to make dancing and other recreation in games that end in dull stupor, a a money making business, where any complete destruction of religious feelperson with the dollar had as much ing, a spirit of indolence, and an inorright as any other person, were tadinate desire for narcotics and stimubooed; it will come again when we

lants. With President Smith we dewake up to the fearful danger of turnclare ourselves "opposed to cards and ing our sons and daughters out to be

card playing in any and all forms and entertained and taught and trainee'in

Under any and all conditions."We social conduct by people and corporaprefer instead intellectually profitable tions who have not the slightest interand healthful games and pastimes est in their character or welfare except

such as chess, checkers, authors, charas relates to the fees they bring. We

ades, and the like. Only the other day favor our own halls, and these to be

I was shown a plea from a poor unconducted without regard to the quesfortunate wife whose husband has faltion, "Will it pay?"Every social function conducted with that question in len a prey to cards and drink—for

drink follows cards as sure as night view, let it be by the Church or the follows day. She was pleading that private corporation, is a social failure.

her friend, who was an authority in Though a social success need not the Church, would use his faith and necessarily be a financial. failure.

prayers in behalf of her husband. She Having a Good Time. writes:

"My husband loves his family and Now, as to the amount of amusewould do most anything for us, but ment we ought to have. We should

cards and drink are slowly but surely be willing to train ourselves to moderPRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1055

ation. All work and no play makes other hand will be held responsible

Jack a dull boy, but all plav and no for neglect of duty. When duty whiswork makes Jack a useless shirk. The pers, "you must,"the young man and

wellbalanced boy who has resp ct for young woman should be disciplined to himself does not insist on going sor-.e- answer cheerfully, "I can and I will."

where for amusement seven nights a If no such answer is forthcoming the week. He cuts it down to one or at responsibility rests with the young

most two, always by permission in adperson who has been properly trained.

vance of father and mother, and then By the time children are fourteen he always has a definite place to go. years of age, they should know their

When father or mother asks, as they duty and failing to do it should be always should, "Where do you go toheld largely responsible for the connight?"he never answers, "Oh, just sequences. You never find a boy who

down town,"or "Just out with the understands his duty wasting his leisboys,"or sulks and ignores the quesure hours in loud guffaws, evil talk, tion, as if it were an impertinence on and dirty stories, on the street corners, the part of his parents! He gives a in the grocery, or the blacksmith shop.

definite, cheerful answer, naming the You never find him in the pool room place and company, and you may be or the saloons. Those places are to

sure he is where he said he would be. him inattractive social failures. He

This gives father and mother rest and devotes his leisure hours to some usepeace and confidence in his word, and ful hobby or to clean mental or ohysievery son and daughter owes them cal recreation. He has learned that to

that. Furthermore, boys and girls get the most benefit out of any good

owe them cheerful obedience. In case thing one must earn it by moderait is their wisdom and pleasure to say tion, obedience, and selfdenial—not

no, the boy or girj is to cheerfully acby selfindulgence and waywardness.

quiesce. To do so shows due respect,

admirable selfcontrol, a manliness What Can We Provide?

and womanliness leading through obe- a few thoughts on what we can dience and sacrifice, to the founding of Now true character. Obedience to duty is do, socially, as associations, and our

it. "Speakthe basis of a proper education. No conduct personally in doing

amount of scientific knowledge or ing candidly,"says Superintendent E. M. Ashton of Liberty Stake, "where scholastic learning in the arts and sciences, can compare with the importour social events have been neglected,

our Mutuals have suffered severely. ance of being in possession of a correct understanding of one's duties to On the other hand, where the ward

God and his fellow men; of having a officers have been inclined to lead in

right conception of the responsibilities social affairs, our organizations have that all good men and women must been full of strength and vigor assume. The curse of the world is through the whole season. I would

selfishness. The curse of society is urge that all of our Mutual officers get

selfishness. The blight of happiness is closer to the boy by introducing as many social events during the season selfishness. On the contrary the blessings of life are generated in unselfish as can be arranged."

service, in unselfish obedience and in a

Suggestions. recognition of and a willingness to be

disciplined by constituted authority. I asked the stake superintendents to

We hear much of the duty of parents name some things that can be, and to their offspring, and our Juvenile have been, done socially in our assoCourts are prone, and often justly, to ciations. I gather these items from

lay at the feet of father and mother their replies:

the responsibility for the waywardness In hundreds of wards debates were of their children; but if that be true, held; and in some, one Tuesday night

it is the effect of early not teaching of each month was set apart for sothem the glory of discipline, the macials of various kinds.

jesty of obedience, and the pusillaniIn several wards reported and in mity and cowardice of selfishness. If one or two stakes a professional dancthey have been rightly taught these ing teacher was employed who taught

truths so that they have a correct unthe young people the art of dancing derstanding of duty, the parents are under the officers'direction and care.

not to blame, but the children on the Good came of this venture; the de1056 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

corum of the dances became better, Mutuals and been started on a better and it was pleasing to note the imway. It has been a great factor in

provement in the grace with which the missionary labor of redemption the boys and girls danced. from evil ways—the backbone of our

In some Salt Lake City wards the organization's efforts. "We like to get

officers took their classes to the Desthe wayward boy to feel that if he will eret Gymnasium for a swim; in others, live right, he is just as good as the

in different parts of the Church, games best man in the country, no matter of all kinds were played in the ward how poor in worldly toggs the boy halls directed by the class leaders, folmay be,"writes Supt. Ernest P. Horslowed by the serving of light refreshley.

ments. In others, the class teachers In a number of stakes there were

entertained their classes at their canyon trips, meadow outings and homes, where games, and plays were lawn parties which are pronounced engaged in and sometimes music, recivery attractive to the boys and girls tation and songs. In one case the art where properly conducted and directed

of learning to converse intelligently by the officers. On the other hand,

upon living topics of interest was in many of the stakes there is no atmentioned. tempt at directing these outings by

In an increasing number of the the M. I. A. or any other officers..

stakes an annual M. I. A. "day"The young people make up the parties

is being established in which the themselves—sometimes they result in

young people engage in athletic good and sometimes in evil. Somesports, and games of all kinds and times older people go along as direcdancing, musical, oratorical, and story tors, but often the young people go

telling contests, and give literary and alone, which I would say is very imreligious programs, read stories, esproper.

says and poems, and present lectures In some stakes there were interand exercises from the manuals. This changes of entertainment by the

day is a reflex of activities and exerwards, one whole ward entertaining cises that have in a smaller way enanother, the program consisting of gaged the attention of the associations refreshments, short speeches, songs in the wards during the past season. and dancing.

In some of the stakes dramatic clubs In some wards, halls are fitted up were formed, both for stake and ward where basketball may be played unperformances. The wards in Granite der direction of the officers; clubs are

Stake sought each to get one lay and organized for this game, and under then visit among all the wards of the proper supervision contests with other stake to present their play. In this wards are arranged for.

way the plan was to have each ward It will be seen from these stateenjoy several plays and only prepare ments that the officers of our organone. The stake committee visited and izations in many cases are actively enaided in the setting and presentation gaged in social affairs. The task is a

of the plays, and chose a different heavy one, and the labors and responplay for each ward, and two for the sibilities are great. In a sense our ofstake. The people who attended were ficers stand in these social functions

well satisfied, and it was believed the in place of the parent, with parents'scheme would eventually prove a very duties and responsibilities resting upgreat success, and that a great deal of on them. Everything that can be said

good can be accomplished in this parrelating to the duties of parents in the ticular field. social amusement, government, and

In many stakes and wards, officers control of their children may be said held home parties at the president's in perhaps a modified degree of our home or the home of an officer. For officers. They have much to do to

social pleasure and education these form public opinion in these respects.

were very enjoyable. One city with So that the duties of children to parseveral wards reports a number of ents relating to social affairs apply to

splendid socials in the opera house, some extent also to our officers.

gotten up for all that could be reached, particularly for boys and girls who Chaperonage.

feel that they have been too br.d for A word should be said as to hapconsideration. In this way many deeronage in our public outings. The

linquents have fallen in love with the common sense of the community will

PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1057

advise how far the custom of strict Of course, a girl goes to work alone.

society circles should govern in this It is accounted both ladylike and matter, or where more liberal interpraiseworthy for a young woman who pretations should be given. Affairs in is well born and bred to support herrural neighborhoods differ from those self by honorable employment that

; sin the cities. Chaperonage need not holds her to business hours, and th

be as strict in the country as it should work is a shield and protection to her be in the city. What is safe, sensible, from impertinent intrusion during

and refined in the country, in any parthose hours. Her destination is unticular instance, may be most unsafe derstood, her purpose is legitimate. A

freedom in the city, where all circles girl who thus alone goes to work are constantly invaded by newcomers needs no guardian; and she therefore

and transients whose record is unoften comes to think that if she can known even to those who introduce go alone to an office, she can as well them. The frank friendliness in good go alone to a theatre, a dance, an exform in the country, would be very cursion, or a drawingroom party. So

unwise and a great mistake in the city. she goes; but she makes a mistake,

I am free to confess that the indiffor conditions are changed. On social

ference of parents and guardians in occasions she appears without ihe permitting young girls and boys to go shield and armor of her work, and alone to dances, pleasure resorts, and therefore she needs and should have a the places of amusement in this city watchful guardian, for she can it is appalling. Go to any pleasure redefy the social law without losing the

sort and witness for yourself. Here dignity and exclusiveness that charare scores of young girls mixing in acterizes the well bred woman. Men

the amusements or taking part in the respect most the guarded girl, thinkdance without responsible attendants ing her worth taking care of, and as to supply restriction to their inexperisomething with which they dare not ence. On late trains from the lake be unduly familiar; hough they act

you will find the conduct of this class "smart"with the girl who ignorantly of unrestricted boys and girls so disgoes about unattended. A girl to go

gusting as to lower one's whole estialone to an open resort or a public mate of the social status of the people. dance must have an unusual measure

Young ladies go to certain dance halls of native dignity and innocence to eswhich, strange to say, are advertised cape the "fresh"mpertinence of as respectable, unaccompanied, and "smart"men and boys along the young men of all classes meet them streets, and who have gathered at the there, and are permited to dance with hall—men whose finer sensibilities are

them and even accompany them home. deadened by the surfeit of overindul-

There are injudicious picnics, long, gence and excess, and who a e not lonely walks, undesirable excursions, worthy of good society, because they abused buggy riding, and other sohave lost their selfrespect.

called amusements in which young people of tender age indulge that Value of Out Door Activities.

should never be permitted by parents, But these remarks apply to the innor desired by the young people. Talk dividual. There can be no doubt that

about "mother's wisdom to supply the our officers should engage with the deficiencies of her daughter's inexyoung people in their amusements, perience, mother's love to enfold her particularly in their public socials. In

daughter in unspoken sympathy, regard to the value of out door social mother's approbation to rest upon her activities nearly all the superintenddutiful conduct like a benediction!"ents are agreed, but of the method of

mothers are in dangerous sleep to chaperoning, Supt. Frank Evans of

permit such untoward conduct. the Ensign Stake strikes the keynote

It is not desired to curtail the leand is in harmony with the general gitimate pleasures of any person, but idea. He says:

for the sake of the young oeople "We have not up to the present time themselves they should be willing to had outdoor social affairs, but I think act in all cases in conformity with this could be made a very profitable good usage. No girl should permit and interesting mode of entertainherself to go alone to any place of ment during the summer, and on such

amusement, for the sake of her own occasions I believe it would be well good name. to have the young people chaperoned.

1058 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I would not have them made con- I just desire to say a word on a soscious of the fact that they were besial pleasure which is much neglected ing watched, but would rather inciamong us—intelligent conversation

dentally arrange for the presence of "sweetest banquet of the mind."Class

the older people with them to take teachers and other officers have a charge of their excursions and at the large field for doing good in teachsame time to take part therein with ing the joy there is in intelligent conthe young people."versation. The teacher may invite his

The duty of our associations is class for an evening's conversation on made clearer by a statement from a books, on music, on art, plays, charmsuperintendent in a northern stake: ing people, authors, artists, lectures,

"Rarely do any of the Mutuals plan travel, amateur photography, bicymountain trips or other outings. But cling, golf, tennis, botanizing, and curtrips of the kind are often planned by rent news of the valuable kind. One

the young people themselves, indecan easily see what a field lies here pendent of any organiaztion. I cannot before us in discussing these topics,

say how they are chaperoned, but ruand localizing them to suit the needs mors sometimes reach us that the and intelligence of the members.

conduct of the young people is quite Proper direction of current conversaunbecoming."tion would soon change from the orThat these outdoor social activities dinary street corner, and gate post

are of great value in our work appears chatter to such topics as have been from the remarks of a number of named. We would soon learn how

superintendents: vulgar and plebeian common gossip

Jesse M. Baker of Teton: "These is, and how useless as a pastime.

socials get the M. I. A. workers nearDress, domestics, and diseases would

er together and the effect is fine. Our be dropped—and loafer's talks, even

officers act as chaperones."worse than these, would fall into disErnest P. Horsley, Brigham City: use. We would learn to talk of things

"Our outings have been successful. not people; or if we spoke of persons

We approve of them. The canyon we would speak of them as if they

and meadow outings are very attracwere present.

tive to our boys and girls, and tend to a mutual good feeling. We think Summary.

the older members of the association should go along on these and other To summarize. The M. I. A. can

outings to act, in an unknown way, as help materially in forming a healthy chaperones. I prefer to have the public opinion on social affairs, if ofyoung people with the older members ficers are made use of in ward amuserather than with someone who is unment committees, or take part a.c

derstood to be watching and caring they should in helping to provide for for them as chaperones. We are go their own members, legitimate moral,

ing to try and interest our boys and mental, and physical entertainment.

girls in trips near home. You can We call for a strict observance of

put us down as against stakes going the Sabbath day, but demand a week on such outings as to the lake, and day for recreation and sports, believsuch like, far trips, under conditions ing we can do more physical work and prevailing in the past. We feel that better religious labor, if this be

more harm than good has come of granted. We are opposed to cards,

them on account of late hours, dark and every other game of chance, even cars,"etc. as we oppose the open saloon to

Now in all our outings and socials which cards lead.

there are a thousand details of conWe favor the Church owning amuseduct that should be taught and obment halls and grounds, wherever served, and the wise officer will watch possible, and believe that financial his opportunity to impress these at gain should not be the leading purthe right time, and place so that the pose in the conduct of entertainments.

members may improve in their manWe believe in having a good time, ners, conduct, and social actions. The but not in overdoing pleasureseeking,

keynote is to be agreeable. Enjoyfor our desire is to be selfrespecting,

ment is enhanced by reciprocity, and and to have a serious object in life, good conduct by selfeffort and selfbeing dutiful to our parents and userespect. ful to the community and to ourselves.

PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1059

As officers we wish to get closer to people we have more influence with the boys and girls, that we may imthem. If we mingle with them in

press them with selfrespect, and the their amusements, we become better majesty of being men and women of acquainted with them, and a fellowconsequence in the world. To this ship grows up between us that would

end we desire to take part in, and dinot otherwise exist. Consequently, we

rect to the best advantage their rechave more influence with them in their reations and amusements; we have regular work; and I feel, too, that

therefore actively engaged in a varitheir amusements are quite as imporety of socials, and desire to do even tant as their regular work. Theremore effective work in these lines. fore, if we can control their amusegreat a are doing them we We think it manly and womanly to ments, that in believe amuseour good. Iengage in conduct that is above rements we should be guided by theproach, and to this end favor such Spirit of the Lord, and by the comchaperonage as shall best suit our mandments of the Lord, just as muchconditions, and most effectively proas in our work; and there is one commote the welfare, courtesy, and good mandment that was not mentioned

behavior and manners of our memthis morning that I would like to rebership. We favor clean language; peat. It is found in the 88th secand an increasing development in the tion of the Doctrine and Covenants,

power of conversation, so that our 124th verse: "* * Retire to thyminds may be treasuries of entertainbed early, that ye may not be weary;

ing stories, timely quotations, and arise early, that your bodies and your helpful thoughts, thus enabling us to minds may be invigorated."I feel

contribute an intelligent part to whatthat in our amusements we break this ever subjects may arise in society or commandment to a great extent, and life. I wish that our social affairs could be

In short: We believe strongly in so arranged that we would not have

the cultivation of religious thought to break this commandment continand feeling. We seek the best and ually. I take it that this commandmost vigorous development of mind, ment is just as important as the Word

morals, and muscle. We stand for of Wisdom. Though it did not come

strict social purity, innate good breedin the section known as the Word of ing, charm of manner and unfailing Wisdom, to me it is just as important courtesy; and seek to impress upon as any one that comes there; and if

our membership the eternal principles we break this commandment, it is of kindness, thoughtfulness, unselfishjust as bad as using tea and coffee, or ness, and the proper regard for the tobacco; because we are undermining

rights and feelings of others. our health. We see the bad effects

of it. I feel the bad effects of it myself; I see it in young people; I see

BY MRS. ZINA B. CANNON. it in my own daughters. It seems

that nearly all of our amusements are

My brethren and sisters, I feel that at night—and late at night, mostly,

Sister Lovesy and Brother Anderson when we should be sleeping and resthave covered almost every point that ing. I know that the next day, after

one could think of in regard to social the young people have been out late, affairs; so I can only give a little of they are weary and languid and unable

our experience in the Granite Stake, to perform the duties of life as they and possibly speak a little further on should. I feel that way myself, and I

some points that have impressed me. notice it in others. I know that many

The president of our stake has given things which were carried on in the the presidency of the Young Ladies'day time, heretofore, are taken up in and the superintendencv of the Yjoung the evening. One instance—There is

Mens'association charge of the the commencement exercises of our amusements, during the past two schools, which were once held in the years; and I can say, from our exmorning; they are now nearly all held

perience, that I feel it is a very good in the evening, beginning late, eight thing for the presidents of these as- o'clock, and very often halfpast eight, sociations to have charge of the and continuing till eleven o'clock, and amusements. I can see the benefits of sometimes the young people are till

it. I know that where we have contwelve o'clock getting to bed. It

trol of the amusements of the young seems to me that this is entirely un1060 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

necessary, and that wc should encourThere is so much monotony about our age anything that could be had in the dancing today. This is unnecessary,

day time instead of at night, when we because there are so many new dances should rest. that can be introduced. I think, too,

I want to speak especially of dancthat dancing should encourage sociaing, as in our stake we have, under the bility; but where they engage in

encouragement and assistance of our round dances all the time, sociability president, endeavored to make some is not developed as it should be, bechanges in dancing. If I understand it cause they do not mingle together as

correctly, dancing should promote theyshould. This teacher taught

health and strength, and grace of them many dances where they could body; but it seems to me that the way mingle together, have a jolly time,

in which it is carried on, very often, and get acquainted with everybody.

these things are not promoted. In the I think our young people should be

first place, our young people begin to encouraged to take their pleasure, at dance just when they should retire; least some of their pleasure and

and I think that physical exercise, takamusements, in their own homes, not.

en when the body should be resting, alone with those whom they invite, will not promote the health and but with father, mother, brothers, and strength of the body. Again, the dancsisters. It seems to me that some of

ing is carried on, very often, in crude, our young people go so much, and ill ventilated rooms, with high heels, mingle in other society so much that tight shoes, and tight clothing. Any they are strangers to their fathers and

one who knows anything about physimothers, their brothers and sisters.

cal culture will know that this is not They feel as though they may come conducive to the development of the there only for duty, and to eat, and body. I know that when I was a girl sleep, and get wearing apparel, and

I always felt tired and worn out the then go away again for pleasure and next day, after going to a dancing amusement. One thing especially, in

party, and I know that my own daughour stake, which I think will counterters do. Therefore, I do not think act this to some extent, we use Tuesthat it develops their health and day evening as Home Evening. That

strength. I know that the most enevening, the family gather around the

joyable dancing I ever engaged in was family altar, or fireside, and enjoy the is, if they carin a physical culture class, conducted evening together,—that

by Miss Babcock, where we dressed ry out the instructions of the stake hygienically and took our exercises in authorities. I know it has been very

a well ventilated room, not in close successfully carried out by some famcontact with other people. I think ilies. I have heard them express

our dance, too, has anything but the themselves that they would not lose good moral effect that it should have; their Home Evening meeting. They

and it does not always develop grace not only teach the gospel to one aneither. Many of you, likely, have obother, but they have games together,

served dancing which has been very amusements, and engage in conversadisgusting to you on account of the tion, as Brother Anderson has sugattitudes assumed by those dancing. gested. I think every young person

It is not pleasing to see; and you should be encouraged to develop some

would know that such dancing would accomplishment by which he or she not develop good grace, or good feelcan entertain others. Sister Lovesy

ing, or moral feeling in the minds of touched upon this; that the one who

the young people. I would say that sits in the corner is the one who does

in our stake we have been endeavornot have a good time. I believe that

ing to overcome these things. Last every young person has a talent which

year we engaged a teacher from the should be developed, by which she can

University of Utah, Miss Delaney, to entertain others; and the person who

teach young people who came from entertains is the happy person: but the

the various wards to the stake taberperson who has no accomplishment nacle, once a week, one hour, eight to and can not entertain any one else is nine o'clock; and we expected these the one who is most miserable in comyoung people to take home the things pany.

that they learned and teach them to I remember when I was young, and the young people in their own wards. I know it is so now, especially in

She, of course, taught them proper our outlying districts, that dancing is dancing, and gave them new dances. the principal amuesment, and that we

PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS AND SOCIAL AFFAIRS. 1061

indulge mainly in amusements which cial way, let the ones you should work appeal only to the outward senses. with do most of the work. In this

But, it seems to me, that the amuseway you get to know more of their ments can appeal to the intellect, to natures and of their needs, and the aesthetic nature, and can develop you can help them out better in the us in those respects. They certainly class work. I like the term "class

do develop whether we want them to leader,"and I want, also, that we or not; they either develop in the should be social leaders in our classes

way I have just stated, or the oppo-—gather the girls around us; take

site. We can just as well enjoy ourthem to our own homes. There is a

selves, and at the same time become different feeling, some way, when we cultured and developed; therefore, I take them to our homes and make

think we should have story telling them feel that welcome there. In

contests, and debating, as well as all some of our cities, I have noticed, kinds of amusements; and let us see there grows up class distinction, and

to it that every young person in the this we must break down. We have

village or town is brought out, and things of this nature to battle against, their talents developed; give them a in the city, which you do not have in

chance to develop that which is in the country districts. Again, our memthem. bership changes, the great majority,

I pray that the blessings of the year after'year, and as they come to

Lord may be with us, and that His us in some of our big associations in blessings may attend us in our amusethe city, it means that practically half ments,—in the name of Jesus. Amen. of our enrollment are people we have

never seen. We have to get acquainted with them and learn their tastes

BY MRS. RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR. and their needs. We want to learn

the needs of these people, and mingle

My brethren and sisters, There is with them, and bring them into our but one thought that comes to my homes. We must make them feel that

mind. We have heard how much our they are on an equality; that we are

young people need these amusements, all brothers and sisters. We can do

class work proper, and meet—howand I wantedmuch weto needdwelltheon amusements,the thought onit inourthis way, as I said, and carry

in order to sympathize and work with the needs and aim of our Mutual Imthe young people as we should in their provement work—to build up a testiregular class work. In our associamony of the gospel; we must do that.

tions we have so many different peoSo, we need this social work more, ple to consider. Of course, I am acprobably, to our own advancement and

quainted with the Young Ladies'assoto prepare us the way we should be ciation, especially. You have young ladies prepared and qualified to carry on this

from fourteen up in your association. work successfully—I say, we need

There is a dear, old sister, sixty or sevthese amusements, perhaps, more than enty, who hardly ever misses one of our they do themselves; and I hope that

meetings. There are all these different we may have that spirit. I hope that

keep young, with the youngpeople to be satisfied—not only in lesson we may

work but in amusements. In our lesson people, for it is only in this way that

work, we are divided into classes, so we can win their hearts and confithat we can meet the needs of every dence. No amount of preaching to

one of our different members; and I them, and giving them their lessons,

feel that a step should be taken in the will accomplish this without that feeldirection of meeting this requirement ing that you sympathize with them;

in our amusements. We have a party, that you, can understand the junior

and probably, as Sister Cannon says, class, for example, some night when it is a dancing party. There is only they get the "giggles."That is what

a certain class of our association that we have to understand. Stern words

would really have an enjoyable time will not help; we must remember the

there. I feel that we as class leaders time when we were junior girls. This

cannot do our work properly unless social work, and having them help us we have amusements for our own in our socials will do it as nothing else can.classes. We cannot get to know our

pupils in our class work as we will May God help us in this work, I if we work with them in a social way, ask, in the name of Jesus Christ.

and in working with them in this soAmen.

Messages from the Missions.

Elder Andrew Funk, of the Aarhus conference, Denmark, gives an account of the annual spring conference held at Aarhus on the first and second of April, at which Mission President Andrew Jenson and twentyone elders attended. It was reported that 35,108 homes had been visited

with tracts, of which 85,008 had been distributed. Of books, 1,469

were sold or given away. There had been 3,637 gospel conversations,

2, 147 reinvitations to homes of nonmembers, and sixty baptisms, during the half year just passed. The branch has a splendid choir of forty

members, under the leadership of Elder Andrew M. Anderson. The choir

gave a fine concert and evening entertainment at the close of the conference. "The opposition is using the press to spread the old yarns

about us, and a Pastor Thorsen is traveling around with magic lantern lectures for the purpose of 'unveiling''Mormonism.'However, in spite

of the efforts of the adversary, the work continues to prosper, and the

Lord is blessing our labors. The Saints are faithful and show a wonder

ful hospitality, the elders all being provided for during the conference, free. We have many friends and the prospect for the future is very

bright."The elders, reading from left to right, are, back row: John E.

Christensen, Peter Hansen, Chr. Nielsen, Fred C. Mickelsen, J. Lyman

Nielsen, Martin Peterson, Niels P. Jensen (visiting) Anton Cramer.

Second row: James R. Paystrup, Chr. Jensen, Carl M. Gjettrup, Erastus

Rismussen, Erastus J. Christiansen, Anders C. Petersen, Andrew M.

Andersen. Third row: August 0. Nielsen, Michael Hansen, Alma Petersen, Andrew Jenson (Mission President), Andrew Funk (Conference

President), N.Claudius Hoist (Secretary), Andrew P. Nielson. In front:

HilmarM. Nielsen, and Eric Ludvigsen.

I I I I I I I I I I i 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

I TACKLE AND EVERYTHING FOR EVERY SPORT IN EVERY SEASON Send postal for 150 Page is Free Catalog—it

Browning Bros. Co.

OGDEN, UTAH \\

I C I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Ii I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i I e It M

WE PAY 6$ PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

20 1 Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS, Manager

ELECTRIC To California VIA BLOCK

SIGNAL PROTECTION

Only 24 hours to reach the land of When You Travel

SUNSHINE AND ORANGES EAST THE AMERICAN EXPRESS, leaving VIA City Salt Lake City at 3:00 p. m., arriving- Los Angeles 2:30 p. m. Ticket

THE LOS ANGELES LIMITED, leaving- Salt Lake City at 5:00 p. m., Office

arriving Los Angeles 4:30 p. m.

Handling through standard and Hotel

Tourist electric lighted sleepers, and dining car service of the highUtah est order.

THE OVERLAND LIMITED, leaving Salt Lake City 11:50 p. m.,

handling Day Coaches, Free Reand n Standard Cars, clining Chair The Overland Route"Diner. Sleepers Tourist and

See Agent, No. 169 Main St., for Four trains daily over one of the

rates and reservations, or write best ballasted tracks in the country in the most comfortable cars

T. C. PECK, G. P. A., money and care can provide.

Las Angeles. This assures - -

J. H. MANDERFIELD, A. G. P. A., TRAVEL COMFORT

Salt Lake.. TRAVEL SAFETY

(Wfaen writ in* to Advertisers, please mention the BRA.)

Koffeet

MT[ Is a drink for careful, thoughtful people. It

j] has a delicious, satisfying flavor, but at the same time it has the food elements a person needs for perfect health. People who use Koffeet

regularly are not nervous and irritable. Try it

for yourself.

"It Builds You Up"25c A PACKAGE ALL GROCERS

** TRUE FRAGRANCE OF FRESH CUT ROSES QUALITY!"

The secret of our great success.

YOU are protected and satisfied when YOU insist on having

Ghocolates MADE IN THE BIG, CLEAN MODERN.

FACTORY, AT the great National Becoming Send ioc stamps for PJROVO, UTLH Seller. Brokers. and Jobbers e ndarand. "The (Bandy Gity"Write us about Territory. irm pre's

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II II I I II I I

: EVERYTHING THE FOR FARM \ Exclusive Agents for Franklin, Overland Automobiles. Velie and

CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO.

LEADING IMPLEMENT VEHICLE HARDWARE AND

AUTOMOBILE DEALERS Utah, Idaho.\fyoming &Nevada GEO. T. ODELL,General Mana<3er

l I I l I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I | | | | | | | | | | | M M (When writing to Advertiiere, please mention the BRA.)