/MmprouemenflEra t&desisual'<J$ue

I resident V-SriGham New Freedom for Homemakers (it's Gasequipped, of course)

Study this design for delightful living and easier housework!

It's a "New Freedom,"gasequipped kitchen, planned to save hundreds of steps a day. * Meals almost cook themselves on

the automatic "CP"gas range that dials from pinpoint simmerflame to top heat in an instant... smokelessly broils meats to

The West Prefers browned and juicy perfection... bakes and roasts with professional-chef results. * The gas refrigerator is silent for life.

And the automatic gas water heater is a "bottomless well"of steamingclear water for dishes and every household need. *

"Allgas"(including house heating) is another term for modem. ICK CLEAN DEPENDABLE FLEXIBLE. EC0N0HliCAL

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

YOURS FOR THE ASKING

Beautiful, Interesting Historical

Pictures of Utah Original Photographs Depicting

, Early Days.

These photographs are attractively reproduced by lithography and will make a handsome addition to any historical collection in the home. For framing,

for souvenirs, for friends—ideal for preserving in a

special album which is available to you, v| Drive in to any VicoPep 88 station in Utah and APPROPRIATE FOR ask for historical photographs of Utahwhich you can FRAMING preserve as a reminder of the Centennial observance. Thesefully reproducedphotographsinareDuotone,beautiAnyone interested in preserving historical views will find

These are among the subjects included in the series: interesting.themiespeciatlt/Theyattractiveare freeandof

advertising and are reproOne of the First Homes in Utah Original Cove Fort suitableduced on forspecialframingheavy paper,

Deseret Store and Tithing Office, 1862 Mule Car—1883

Social Hall, First Western Theatre, 1852 Logan in Pioneer Days

Lion House and Bee Hive House with Garfield Beach—1875

Brigham Young's original office, I860 Original State Capitol at Fillmore

Eagle Gate and Brigham Young America's First Department Store,

Schoolhouse, 1859 1869 'mm Water Wheel in Early Days St. George Temple in Construction

Original Council House, 1849 Brigham Young Monument on

American Telegraph Office—1861 Temple Grounds

Salt Lake Theatre1862 Provo in Early Days A SPECIAL ALBUM FOR

Tabernacle—1865 Main Street in Salt Lake—1883 YOUR PICTURES

First Catholic Church in Utah—1872 Laying of capstone of Historical views, with their

Ogden in Early Days Salt Lake Temple—1892 descriptivemation, are storiesa valuableand recordinforof highlights of early days—

in vivid two colors, yellow and black. To preserve your

collection you may secure a Preserve them in a beautiful, convenient album, handsome,album at anspeciallyattractivedesignedprice which you can obtain at any VicoPep 88 station Pep also88 stations.available at Vicoor dealer at nominal cost.

ATLAS*A

Pep 88 Regular Vico, Quaker State Atlas

Gasoline Pertnalube Motor Otis Products

F'f 1 N ING CO JVi PANT UTA % E

JULY 1947 417 Throughout the more than 75 years of its history, the

Rio Grande has been closely identified with Utah. The

founders of this modern transportation network were imbued with the same aggressive pioneer spirit that actuated the men and women who transformed a barren desert into a fertile, productive commonwealth.

Today, the New Rio Grande—a western railroad operated

by western men—is more closely identified with Utah

than ever before in their concurrent histories. Together

they stand on the threshold of a future bright with the promise of continuing growth and development.

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Brick has helped to build the West... and turally sound as the day the brick came

we here at Interstate Brick Company are from the kiln. In the everexpanding deproud of the part our product has played in mands of the future, brick, the material

this story of progress. For more than 56 of a thousand uses, will be in the forefront

years brick with the Brickman seal has been... adaptable, beautiful and permanent.

part and parcel of Utah's growth. Thousands of industrial buildings, dwellings*

schools and churches have been built with brick... and many of these structures have

stood the test of more than half a century... their beauty undimmed, and as strucBRICK COMPANY

JULY 1947 419 Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums,

Mutual Improvement Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee,

Ward Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints

yoiVL QsmbmniaL "The Voice of the Church'yAA.UJL

issue. is Centennial ere your JULY 1947 f*i volume 50, NO. 7 vrv

it In will find many you new features which we hope you will enjoy.

or the first time we are featureditorial ing color on our pictorial was Jke d*aitor'd J-aae pages. map The

Centennial Heritage...George Albert Smith 441 drawn especially for The Improvement Era by Farrell Collett. Hal Rumel photographed

Lentennlai jreatumd and colored the picture of the

A Centennial Message The First Presidency 422 SaltreproductionLake Templeof thegrounds.ruins ofThethe How the Desert Was Tamed—Part VH—Conclusion Nauvoo Temple, used by per-

, John A, Widtsoe 424 mission of the owners of the

A Promise and Its Fulfilment Verl F. Scott 426 John F. Bennett collection, was

Science Confirms the Word ol Wisdom Harold L. Snow. 430 adapted by Mr. Rumel. Brigis reportrait Young's ham 432 Lundstrom Harold Welfare of Church Ten Decades from produced an oil painting 434 S. Young of Scouting Years Hundred One Clawson. by John W. Saints, Journal of Horace K* the with Westward Whitney—ConDilworth

clusion 436 Realizing that this is a

Centennial even Churchwide 437 Moulton Rt. Rev. Arthur Pioneers to the W. Utah Salute A

is focused spotlight the though 438 D. White Arnold Guidance Strength and Our presenting are Utah, we 442 on L. Evans Richard from Temple Square Spoken Word The articles of herein Churchwide

Saints the Latterday The Educational Level of do Latterday How

A. Widtsoe John educationally, physand Richard L, Evans 444 Saintsinterest.stand

Mountain Waters: Our Heritage and Obligation ically, morally, and spiritually

George Stewart 44S after these one hundred years?

Woman's Place in the Forward March of the Church What forces have been at work

Marba C. Josephson 452 to enable us to reach and maintain standings? these high These Saint West 456 Family Roy A. Latterday and the Marriage questions are of the two many 457 Salt Lake Temple Illustration! Great The Colored for to attempting are answer

Collect 458 we Farrell Pioneers of the Route Mormon Mapt Colored this, in Centennial your you

Colored Illustration: Nauvoo Temple Ruins 460 issue.

A Century of Sacred Service Archibald F. Bennett 461

The Mormons and the Building of the West Milton R. Hunter 464

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Melchizedek Priesthood 468 COLORED INSERT AVAILABLE

S. Harris, Jr 451 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 469

The Church Moves On a HunThe Presiding Bishop's Page 472 Copies of the fourpage, fourdred Years Ago, Albert L. ZoHoming: Cook's Corner, Josephcolor insert appearing in

bell, Jr 451 ine B. Nichols 474 this issue can be obtained from

Dear Gleaner, Dessie G. Boyle 455 Your Page and Ours 497 The Improvement Era at a cost

of only 15c postpaid.

(L-ditoriald Retold Story Richard L. Evans 440

Brigham Young, Nobleman Harold Lundstrom 440 Editors

George Albert Smith John A. Widtsoe

Storied, f-oetry Managing Editor

Richard L. Evans

Hole in the Rock—Chapter VII Anna Prince Redd 428 Assistant Managing Editor

L. Doyle Green -..427 Gabbott Tribute, Mabel J. (From Deseret Ode Frontispiece:

Editor Associate Eberling..467 Moore Georgia Recipe, 421 Shank Beck Deseret) to Jon

C. Josephson Marba 476 - Poetry Page Fox..425 Valley, Ruth Salt May Lake General Manager

George Q. Morris

C, U cimrtr*v n R H H Associate Manager

Offices Editorial and Executive G. Lucy Cannon 1, Utah. City Salt Street, Lake North 50 Main

Business Manager of the Inc., Corporation a Funds, 1947 Mutual Copyright by

D. of Giles the John of Church Association Improvement Mutual Men's Young

Subscriprights reserved. All Saints. Latterday of Christ Editorial Jesus Associates

copy. single 20c in advance; year, price, $2.00 tion a Elizabeth J. Moffitt 50c. Issue, Centennial Special

L. Albert Zobell, Jr. secondclass City, Utah, as Salt Lake the Post Office, at Entered

Harold Lundstrom rate of propostage at special for mailing Acceptance matter.

vided for in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July National Advertising Representatives 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuEdward S. Townsend,

scripts, but welcomes contributions. Son Francisco and Los Angeles

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage lor delivery and return. Dougan and Bolle,

of Address Change Chicago and York New of change, for ordering address. a required change notice When days'Fifteen

Audit please Member, of Bureau Circulation! of cannot Address issue the magazine. changes recent from slip a address include

included. well as the as one is the old address unless new be made

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (FRO on BJ iM By aB m extended

S ""'-S**thethe,, ta *..l.*Up*e valleyvaeYv L T*fUnderUUnder"evene*'d

...c invaded,,

Over b* ot e*.""".M *

Sin9"9. * w to be app beir hands

Hun9r 'us, hd,n9 UWe bl0Ck cloud, VigW.

But *mtew.te birds, drBseTt kecotnesoec a mUSlC

.Montage M

s:*#S#Bs!S8*ts*- JJSmiifiiiM

KSS

Centennial Message

N July 24, 1947, it will be one significant, misjudged, and impotent hundred years since the first group of as did the Pioneers when they faced

Utah Pioneers entered Salt Lake Valthe barren wastes bordering the great ley, designated by their inspired leadinland sea, but in less than a century er, President Brigham Young, as "the sterile soil was changed to productivright place."ity; thriving fields and orchards supThat little band of wearyworn travplanted sagebrush and sego roots;

elers gazed upon a barren landscape cities and towns formed a western comso uninviting and desolate that one of monwealth. So may people declining

the three women in the company out toward godlessness be led toward a of sheer disappointment and hopelessnobler civilization, for there is inherent ness broke down and wept. Truly to in the restored gospel the greatest

her, and to others of the company, it spiritualizing power ever revealed to must have seemed impossible that in man. To be true to our heritage, we

such a desert place could be fulfilled must face, with fortitude and unflinchthe prophecy of their first great leader, ing courage, the great duty that is ours

Joseph Smith, that the Saints "would—the spiritual rejuvenation of manbecome a mighty people in the midst kind.

of the Rocky Mountains."To participate in a century celebraThe Centennial year sees that prophtion is an event of a lifetime. No one

ecy fulfilled. Brigham Young said: can look, however imperfectly, upon

God has shown me, that this is the spot to locate the aspirations and accomplishments his people, and here is where will they prosper; he of the men and women who founded will temper the elements to the of good the Saints;

he will rebuke the frost and the sterility of the soil, this Western Empire without being and the land shall fruitful, become shall and we profited thereby. They are "flowing build a city and temple a to the most... high in God

this place. lightfountains of native, original inAs that small group of Pioneers sight, of manhood and heroic noblelooked upon what appeared to be a ness; in whose radiance all souls feel

sterile desert, so today the Church that it is well with them."

faces a world lying in moral lethargy In pageantry, drama, music, sculpand spiritual decline. A sense of reture, recreation, and literature, literally

sponsibility to build up the kingdom thousands of capable men and women of God inspired the founders of the in these various fields of art are putChurch, and with pride we look in ting, forth their best efforts fittingly to retrospect upon achievements wrought. commemorate the sacrifices, heroism,

That same sense of responsibility and achievements of the Pioneers who should be and is in the Church today. built so well for the generations to fol-

"If Mormonism is able to endure unlow them.

modified until it reaches the third and That which made the Utah Pioneers fourth generation,"said Count Leo Toltruly worthy of the homage now paid stoy, "it is destined to become the them, and which will enhance their greatest power the world has ever greatness in future years, is not the known."With that same faith and inmere fact that they endured persecuvincible resolution manifested by the tion, suffered privations, subsisted in

Pioneers a century ago must the a wilderness, and that the vanguard

Church face the respiritualizing of a made a thousandmile journey across spiritually decadent world. In this githe plains without a death or even a

gantic task this people may seem as inserious mishap—achievements, it is

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rom the jrlfdt f-redich peSidenaf

true, worthy the praises of posterity Reverence, frugality, industry, and a but what made them truly great is the willingness to serve their fellow men fact that no matter how intense their were ideals taught and practised in suffering, or how dark their forebodthe daily lives of the Pioneers.

ings, they ever cherished as beacon Ours is a rich heritage. The wealth

lights unchanging truths fundamental inherited must neither be buried nor to human peace and progress. squandered, but should be handed

First and foremost was their unwadown to posterity with a tenfold invering faith in the existence and nearcrease.

ness of God their Father and his Son Only they who are specially trained

Jesus Christ. Every day of that toilor gifted can produce the best in hissome journey was begun by prayerful trionic art, literature, pageantry, song,

devotion. "At five o'clock in the mornor athletic contests, and we are ining,"said the instructions, "the bugle formed that what is now being preis to be sounded as a signal for every sented throughout the state in these

man to arise and attend prayers befields of endeavor merit the highest fore he leaves his wagon."To foster commendation. State officials, the

reverence is to develop in man his state legislature, Church and civic ornoblest virtue. ganizations are all unitedly desirous

To be prepared for any eventuality that only the best can adequately pay was a second fundamental requiretribute to those who in, deprivation sufment. Theirs was physical danger, fered uncomplainingly that others

and "every man must carry his loaded might live in joy and comfort. Most

gun or else have it in his wagon where surely even the best is inadequate to he can seize it at a moment's notice."do them honor.

"Wagons must be kept together and While committees and participants not separate."After arriving in the are striving for the highest in artistry,

valley, adobe "forts"and stockades let us ever keep in mind that the most were built as precautionary measures. worthy element in this Centennial will

The youth today face enemies also be a manifest desire on the part of their—false ideologies and immoral pracdescendants to emulate the virtues

tices "glossed over"and "seasoned and spiritual aspirations that made the with a text."Sound preparation to Pioneers worthy the tributes that the

meet these enemies is as imperative country now pays them. Only by adnow as when the Pioneers moved toherence to these can a people or a

ward desert, wild animals, and stealthnation become great, and the destiny ily skulking Indians. of the Church be fulfilled.

**J*j2lj*Ajt

f f The First Presidency

JULY 1947 CENTENNIAL

:** r4ow the

I Ear'n /"DESERT WAS TAMED

<=Z)/*. /John—/v. lA/idtdoe &

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Part VII Conclusion The fine arts

The practical arts Chapter 12 Through Field 3. Cooperation

Glasses One for all; all for one

practices employed by small village the The desert the Thepioneers Helping one another in subduing Selfgovernment are easily perceived. They 4. Industry

were simple and well known. Only Dignity of labor

their use in desert conquest was new. Thrift

When these practices are exSelf-support amined, they fall into four distinct Home industry groups. Each group in turn is dominated by a general principle of acThese wellknown principles aption. Like the practices themselves, pear very simple, but they are of

these principles were not new. Yet, universal meaning and import, unit was these principles that gave life changing, and of value at all times

to pioneer undertakings, and brought and everywhere, under any and all ultimate success in the subjugation conditions. By them, most spiritual,

of the desert. They are principles social, and economic problems may

which will condition, by their use, be solved. History in other lands,

the future of the world. under different conditions, shows

The pioneers conquered because that wherever these principles have they referred every proposed atbeen employed, even in small detempt to these principles, which grees, human welfare has been proformed measuring sticks in the piomoted.

neer work. Had the pioneers done

otherwise, they would have failed HPhe pioneers conquered the desert.

*-* despite their best efforts. That meant that they overcame

These four determining princiobstacles. Despite aridity crops

ples were: were produced. Despite distance

1. Faith; 2. Education; 3. Coop- from civilization, the comforts of life

eration; and 4. Industry. were made available. On the desert

They were the essential bases of an acceptable commonwealth, made the program set up by the pioneers. up of diverse peoples, was built.

The various characteristic pioneer In the sense of overcoming obventures may be fitted into one or stacles there are deserts all around the other of these four fundamental, us, and ever will be. There are desgeneral principles. For example: erts of thought and action, in every

human concern; of body, mind, or

1. Faith spirit; economic, social, or religious.

Belief in God Everywhere, obstacles arise to deBelief in Man feat our search for happiness. Only

A common purpose as they are overcome does the conCourage to apply faith in all quest of any desert become certain.

works The message of the pioneers is 2. Education that the use of the principles of acIntelligent preparedness tion, employed by them, will bring

Schools victory over every threatening ob424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED

stacle, however insurmountable it the problems of life. They must be must not merely be viewed as the

may appear to be. Their use will practical. Man has hands as well as protection of a group against all

compel every desert to "blossom as a head. The spiritual life must be other groups. Cooperation must be

the rose."That is the legacy of the added to the curriculum, by some conceived as the practical expression

pioneers to the present time, and to lawful means. That means religious of the brotherhood of man.

the sleeping future ages. education, the cultivation of faith in "Selfgovernment is indispensable

the minds and hearts of children. for full cooperation. Through the

Were the pioneer here today, he "Do not forget that the arts dealeyes of many, the needs of the hosts would say: ing with beauty, have a rightful 'of men are best seen. Through par-

"You must have faith, for upon it place in education for life and in life ticipation in the affairs of all, the alone can happiness of individual, itself. Men must feel as well as rights of all are best conserved."

family, or state be built safely and think. The pioneer would not forget inpermanently. "All of life should be a process of dustry:

"That faith must begin with belief education.""If you would conquer your desin a Living God, personal and unThe pioneer would have more to ert, labor must be held in dignity,

derstandable to the human mind. It say: whether it be of the head or the

must continue through constant con- "Get busy and rearrange your hand. Men must be industrious; and

tact with him in prayer. There must governmental, economic, and social their industry must be unremitting.

be such love for him, that at any cost system under the law of brotherThe idler should be held in contempt.

his commandments will be obeyed. hood. Learn to share with one an- "Out of labor applied to the gifts

"That faith must recognize that other. Provide help for all in disof nature, comes wealth and all of

all men are children of God; theretress; remember how the small vil- a material nature, that man needs or

fore human brotherhood must rule lage helped to make desert conquest desires. Though a man by his own

in the associations of men and wompossible. Your future must be built industry wins wealth, however small,

en. Every venture must serve the on cooperation in a large sense. It he must care for it. He must be

good of all. By so doing, the hosts thrifty. There must be no waste."

of humankind in their endeavors will "It must also be remembered,"in partnership withbe God. That the "that say, the pioneer would all, SALT LAKE VALLEYwill to give purpose a common that requires dignity he shall of man

such as gave strength and joy to the By Ruth May Fox be selfsupporting. There must be

faithpioneers. That must be woven for necesthe others leaning on no Valley! Salt lovely Lake life. act ofinto every be an It must

if In prevails. sities health of life, drear, desolate and Once faith.everyday for its beauty, noted political Now planning social your and

a "Such nearness Its friendliness to God; such and cheer; that must be remembered. spacious habitationsconception of brotherhood; such a With

trees lofty Set round by for provision requires "All thisconviction divine of a common, branches wave purWhose for can best all. That a welcome employment breeze. passing will give everypose of humanity, courage With

to face daily tasks, even to setting be achieved by the attempt to have

Valley! Salt lovely Lake as each produce community as manyaside or changing pioneers, the old beliefs, methOHere came possible of its needs. means That but girded worn, interpretations. andods, and Weary

industry. centers of small faith That that vanquished fears. many With faith rises a intoned "Such above

air praises rent with the They industries that for provision means It in restsprayers. hearts the of they blessings had For the won

in the home, in spare pursued may be leader, their for mighty And toilers It brings to the successmen.

in the desert."The prophet Brigham Young. hours, by old and young, and often

The pioneer would continue O lovely Salt Lake Valley! by the infirm."

in is nothing hands, complex God's "There by own learn, for truth must "You his refuge for people is ReservedA this,"the pioneer would add. And with knowledge.bound There up lands. from Gathered many

can be no intelligent preparation for They came to serve their Maker; he might taunt us by saying, "Stop

to quarreling. Obedience quibbling his sway your and Bethe desert, conquest unless of any forecasting Already was lessons of the piomen! Read the socialthe planner knows. Your better, brighter day. sys- A

tem must be so organized that learnneers. Accept them, and peace and

Salt Valley! Lake reign prosperity will soon on earth!"O lovely alling that accompanies man does, shalt story? write your Who * * * childhood to old age.from magician's That a by wand Not

glory. present Came yourmeans learning long after school

faith, fortitude, As the field glasses are turned toCourage, and days are over. Remember the stateDread hunger, children's tears, ward tomorrow, and the many days

ments that gave educational courWork, hard work, O valley fair, of the future, there are seen, as if age to the pioneers: "The glory of These marked your growing years. written in the sky:

intelligence,'is and 'ManGod is Salt Valley! Lake O lovely passed; Faith Gooperation hundred years have Onesaved gets knowlno faster than he

edge,'and 'No man can be saved in TheHavepioneerslaid asideof their'47 task, Education Industry ignorance.'An honor to their country, Accept and use these principles,

to their honor "Schools must rise above outAn God, and peace and prosperity will rule the valley be O blessed worn traditions. They must touch Whereon their feet have trod! the world, and only then.

JULY 1947 425 the normal advances made by medical science has had an effect upon the health life of the Latterday- PROMISE Saints. It means that the promiseA given in the Word of Wisdom has

been fulfilled to the extent to which aJih FULFILMENT it has been lived.

I TABLE Dm U.S., Utah, and the Latter- v Uert Jjr. Jcoit (Death rates of

SECRETARY OF GENERAL CHURCH INFORMATION day Saints from 1900 to 1944.)

AND STATISTICS COMMITTEE U. S. Death Utah Death L.D.S. Death

Rate* Rate\ Ratet

1900...... 17.2 11.1

And all saints who remember to keep and all of whom were, of course, Mor1910.14.7 10.8 9.0

these sayings, to walking in obedience do the mons. 1920 13.0 11.5 9.0

their shall health in receive commandments, navel and marrow to their bones; The Saints were still reaping the 1930 11.3 9.9 7.6

And shall find wisdom and great treasures effects of privation, exposure, hun1940 10.8 8.9 6.5

of treasures; hidden knowledge, even disease ger, and which accompanied 1944 10.6$ 7.6% 6.4

shall run not and be weary, And and shall their hurried the East. from exodus

faint. not walk and...

Statistics *Vital high This death was indicated by the Rates in United States. 19001940. I, the Lord, give promunto them a And 122. 123 pp. for rate reported the by them ise, shall that the destroying office Bishop's year fPresiding angel pass by

them, as the children of Israel, and not slay of June 1, 1849, to June 1, 1850. Statistical Abstract of United States, 1946, p. 76

them (D. & C. 89:1821.) Some 239 deaths were recorded durpromise, this—obtained ingdeaththatrateperiodof 21.0whicha thousandproducedpopu-a Causes

rubbing a genie a by is interesting to note lation. States, as the mahowNofrom of Death The United a IT lamp, promise from magic no jor whole, the rate for reported a death causes of death have changed

a fairy godmother and good only same period of 13.9 a thousand of since early Utah history. In 1870

until midnight, but a promise given population. 9 the major cause of death was digesby the Lord to the Latterday Saints By 1 860, when the eighth census tive diseases, followed by respiratory over a century ago, and good for the was taken, the situation had become diseases (pneumonia, etc.), diseases entirety of a mortal life—condiconsiderably better, and the populaof the nervous system, and tubertioned to simple obedience only upon in that order/ Today's major tion to 40,273, the culosis with had grown

acthen, completely not ( though of causes death, circulatory diseases rate declining to 9.3 death a thou-

) rules of health. cepted or known ( heart ) cancer, and minor were ones as the national with sand compared

8 at that time. In Utah for that year, In this Centennial year, we find rate of 12.5.

of take stock to pause occasion and there were only three deaths from until the turn Thereafter, of and in the one progress our hundred cancer and twenty heart disfrom for century, the the rate death Utah first of the Pioneers the since years ease out of a total of nearly nine consistently that of remained below valley of the the desert entered deaths. hundred 1 nation. In the the be900 Church in Salt years Lake, hundred a Great

which to test the very genes congan to keep accurate vital statistics Reliable statistics recently gathindicate ered a remarkable difference its separate apart from own, and in the the of tained fruit produced by in deaths from the major causes state in of the data Utah. The their tree gospel which they and

descendants have seen grow and Table I indicate how the death rates among the Latterday Saints, the

Saints for the Latterday compare the throughout spread prosper and

States those for the United and six Unitednations—Germany,States, and the'France,average theof to with years in which world; hundred a

compare actual results of at least the state of Utah as a whole, from Netherlands, Sweden, Great Britain, partially living the Word of Wis1900 to 1944. These are the latest and the United States.

dom with the promise given of the available statistical figures for the Surely a great portion of the credit

United States. for the lower death rates among the Lord for such observance.

Have the Latterday Saints as a The 1946 death rate for the Latterday Saints must be attributed group reaped the promised blessChurch, reported by the Presiding to the effects of living this "higher ings? The information which folBishop's office in the April 1947 genlaw of health"over a period of time.

lows may help tell the story. eral conference, was 5.9 deaths a

thousand stakeenrolled membership Selective Service Findings

Tn 1850 Utah was still a territory of the Church. This rate is one of

but was included in the seventh the lowest in Church history and is World War II provided still ancensus of the United States taken in probably lower than any ever reother opportunity for comparison of that year. The census revealed that ported by a group of people of the health conditions among the Latter-

there were some 11.380 people in same number anywhere in the world. day Saints and others in the nation.

the territory at that time, practically It means that something other than When the final tabulations of selec-

'Compendium of the Seventh United States Census, nud.. aNinth p.United102 States Census, vol. 2, pp. 532. 533 Winth United States Census, 1870 1850. p. 332

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A PROMISE AND ITS FULFILMENT

tive service activities in the state of as compared with 20.0 for the United 10.8 a thousand births respectively.

Utah were completed and compared States for 1 945 ( latest figures availThe rate of illegitimacy for the with those of other states, it was able), or better than half again as United States is 40.4 a thousand. 8

found that Utah's rate of rejection high. The latest rate available for the avof men examined for duty in the The excess of births over deaths erage of twentytwo civilized nations

armed forces was second low in the among the Latterday Saints for of the world is seventyfour a thounation. (Latterday Saints com1946 was almost twentyeight a sand births. These figures give adprised about 74.0 percent of the state thousand as compared with ten for ditional proof of the high degree of

population in 1945.) Some 23.1 perthe United States and seven for the morality among our people.

cent of the men examined in Utah six nations previously mentioned, or is the Latterday low among rejected thewere with about as compared three and four times as great of the onehalf of the average Saints—aboutInsanitylowest, state for the respectively. 23.0 percent of live.9 people they among whom

New Jersey. The average for the A high standard of morality also

Latterday Saints alone would unserves as an indicator of a healthy Other Observations doubtedly have been still lower. The people. The marriage rate for the T-Iigh mentality and accomplishaverage for the nation was 30.2 perChurch is high, and the divorce rate

ments in the fields of science andcent of those examined who were recorrespondingly low as compared jected. 6 with the United States and other technical training, excelled by no

Utah supplied the highest percivilized countries of the world. other people, are indicated in recent

centage of young men fit for combat Latest compilations number marthorities.studies byGovernmenteminent nonMormonpublished figau-

duty of all the states in the Union. riages at 21.9 a thousand population

ures attest to the high educational

This group included the men beand divorces at 2.02 a thousand for achievements and backgrounds of

our servicemen in World War II.tweentwentyfive—thethe ages ageof groupeighteenclassedand thefor marriagesChurch, asandcompared3.59 forwithdivorces12.26 compilations cite the frequenOther

as "most desirable for combat duty"in the United States as a whole. 8 cy of achievement of native Utahns

by the armed forces. Illegitimate birth rates in Utah and in all lines of endeavor. 10

In the field of athletics also, parTABLE II ticularly in the last few years, indi- (Deaths per 100,000 of white population from the following diseases: viduals and teams from Utah have

succeeded in winning an enviable (1936)* (1944)+ (1946) Nations United Saints reputation in the United States for States Latterday Cause Six their stamina and general allaround

Tuberculosis 79.5 33.7 5.5

physical condition and excellence.

Cancer.. 137.5 138.9 60.0

Chaplains and religious leaders

Diseases of the nervous system 117.6 103.7 58.5 throughout the United States and

Diseases of the circulatory system 224.0 348.7 171.6

the world have lauded the spiritual

Diseases of the respiratory system 118.8 56.3 48.5

stability and development of our

Diseases of the digestive system 63.7 51.3 26.5 young people. These and many

Kidney diseases 56.9 76.3 24.9 other accomplishments have been

Infant mortality (first year of life, per thousand live births) 51.6 39.8 11.7 recognized and praised in recent

Maternity (per thousand live births) 4.5 2.0 years by thinking, impartial people

as they have had occasion to become 19361940 * International Yearbook, Health

Statistics \Vital Part 2 acquainted with the Latterday United States, of the

Saints and their way of life.

Birth Rate Idaho, states of large Latterday Conclusions

rich heritage ofA further indication of a healthy theSaintUnitedpopulation,States,arebeingthe lowest10.4"andin To us has come a

people is their birth rate. The devotion to religious principles and

Latterday Saints have consistently adherence to the teachings of the maintained a birth rate of better than Lord, which has made possible our TRIBUTEthirty a thousand of population. development as a people. They

By Mabel Jones Gabbott In twentyfive of the leading nations on... shall receive health....

earth, the birth rate, in 192728, was twentyOut of my people's weeping, And shall find wisdom and great treasures their need, of desperate Out... of knowledge. per population, thousandtwo or about

people's keeping twoOut of my shall run and not be weary, and shall Andthirds the birth of Latterday rate among their Faith with Christlike faint. creed, walk not andSaints.7

Blossomed the barren desert, And I, the Lord, give unto them a promStatistics for 1946 show that the Haven of peace and rest, ise, that the destroying angel shall pass by in fastness, the High mountain Israel of the children as them, not slay andbirth rate for the Saints Latterday of the Empire west.

them. (D. 89:1821.) C. Amen. & 33.8 a of population thousandwas of people's sorrow, Out my

Statistics 8Vitat 2, States. 1944. Part United of the their grief, of pain Out and Selective BState Service Report, Colonel of Utah by xvi p.

Rich ArnoldH. bright cit., Triumphs a tomorrow, 9Op.

"Ibid. and Richard A. p.Widtsoe238 "John L. Evans, "The their belief. Born of great 'John A. and Leah D. Widtsoe, The Word of Wisthe of Education Saints,"Level Latterday see Among

236dom, p. 444. page

JULY 1947 427 The Perkins brothers, Hyrum and

more interest than awe. inin tL Benjamin, looked at the crack withHOLE ROCK "Ben, here's a mine with the top

blown off!"Hyrum said, and laid

tnna r nnce f\edd his hand on his brother's shoulder.

"As stubborn a vein as any I ever saw, over Hy!"the crack Ben leaned SYNOPSIS miles. long, the slow as they As far

first to look at the drop. down John Taylor called Silas Tn 1879, President see, there could not a tree, was not

* Smith, Jones, and George Kumen interpreter, Indian as president, Hobbs, ham Brig- a scrawny shrub to cheer the way. at"She'llleast needthree tohundredbe headedfeet!"back by

and chief scout for a new mission into The rocks were blown so clear of southern Utah, together with settlers from sand that not a cupful remained. "And filled up from the bottom,

City, Paragoonah. Cedar Parowan, and I don't feel so as I lonesome the days For seven had Ben. wagons charted been the advent had The way when did."to turned look at Silas. Hyrum Bishop giant and Andrew of sugar over loaf formaJames Schow Collett crawled

sink wepicks our "Once route and advissome Escalante seem a of made new tions, slanting narrow had hugged to the able group. Reaching Forty many of this, into dynamite President Smith, balance. precariously ledges, of out estabSpring, rude Mile a was encampment

will right at Ben be and home,"me to lished selected scouts push and ahead slid into rock deep had and and They said. he best the route, seek Jones, George Kumen ravines out of and pulled Lewis, sesplintered Hutchings William were and "I'm afraid it will be mostly picks, to teams them again lected by doubling to as scouts under go Hobbs'George

leadership. Their report was disheartening, eight or more horses or oxen. BeBrother Perkins,"Silas answered,

that even stating George Hobbs the country plenty grease of elbow thrown the stock, a "with hind the came wagons although he was formidable, they thought little precious have dyin. We line. long, dark, could get through. uneven a third and A second

scouting trip proved river. way to the A fourthfruitlesstripin withfindingaddi-a There was no genial talk; there namite!"Their talk broke the spell of siltional snatches scouts into were penetrated no happy the desolate that fallen at sight of song. ence of the had region to only the river find that was stoic endurance. only There was crack, a towering, and few of in by perpendicular hemmed cliffs the women

that defied descent. Added to the difficulties Nature, never more careless of the edged over to hear what was being

spirit mission the of the their rebellion was stood in of of needs man, way. said. their followed, clutching Men that crept had among some of the members. force impassive her Against it seemplight the children's chafing to hands, was desperateAnd the little them for

could useless They since food water and at were a ed restore circulation.

little chance group,minimum—with to of getting each miles merely toon—-twostruggle. "There'll that road be no down more until they could inthe win through last at to long day—cominggo tervening desolation. in for the crack time me,"Decker Ann

Colorado.

Chapter VII Heedless of cold and hunger, men, no saidman—andgrimly. "Timebabiesanddon't,tideeither!"wait for

Theto waythe Holefrom Fiftyin theMileRockSpringwas women,and stoodandlookingchildrendownleft atthethewagonslong footJameshusband,B. Decker,drew herAnn'sbackquiet,into sixthe

marked by neither road nor crack in the ledge above the river protection of his arm, away from the trail but by a devious pattern of a writhing, incredibly narrow crack ledge and back to the shelter of their scratches and nicks etched upon the down which they must drive if they wagon.

measureless sandstone floor. Where were ever to cross the river and go Mary's heart contracted with pity.

the rocks were too smooth and steep on to San Juan. They had had their And suddenly she felt the same

for footing, the road crews had cut doubts. They had expected trouble, frightened sense of unworthiness

shallow steps for hoof and wheel to and they had schooled themselves that she had felt the day of the quiltcling to. against it. But they were totally uning, when Sage Treharne had greetIt was late in November. The sky prepared for the sight before them. ed her mother with the words:

was low with clouds, and a cutting There was the river gliding endless- "Julia, do you know that Ann wind swept across the desert, north ly through its pleasant, narrow valDecker's going to have a baby?"It

from south, a wind so cold that the leys, two thousand feet below. There was the same frightened unworthistoutest pioneer clothes could not was the sheer wall of the other side ness that she had felt after the call

keep it out. Huddled against it, the leaning toward them, seeming twice to this mission. Arabella was going

teamsters shouldered their wagons as high as the wall on which they to have a baby, then, too. Mary rearound boulders, between ledges, stood. The unyielding terrain was membered how Arabella had prayed

in and out of steep gullies. Children slashed and scarred by canyons that that her baby would be born at

were kept in bed from morning till came into the river from every direchome, and not in a wagon box benight and grew numb from cold and tion. A few of these came gently in, side an endless trail. It was Ann

inactivity, too uncomfortable to want but their peaceful ways seemed only Decker's baby that would be born to eat, for the food was cold and unto heighten the menace of all the in a wagon box! Here! In this windpalatable. There was no water, exrest. pierced desert! Here, without heat

cept what was carried in the barrels, Addressing no one in particular, for its cold little body!

filled last at Forty Mile Spring. And hoping only to break the spell of Young as she was, Mary was

when at last they camped, there was astonishment that had taken speech frightened by the fierce protectivenothing at all to burn. from his people, Silas Smith said: ness she felt for Ann Decker and her

With dry and redrimmed eyes, "After the first sheer drop of a hununborn child. She would see that

the women watched the dreary ploddred feet, the way is not too steep Ann's baby was kept warm if she ding of teams and stock, and counted for safe passage."had to scour the desert to its four

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA corners for something that would No sooner had the company burn! And, failing, she would burn reached the river, than a man was

her last belonging for its need. lowered over the cliff with ropes, to

The silent concern that the Perexplore the "crack."He reported

kins brothers and Silas had tried to that the distance to the river was not dispel had deepened again at Ann more than threefourths of a mile.

Decker's words. Utterly miserable, (The pioneers ever after insisted

the people stood, braced against the that it must have been ten! ) He said

wind and their own wavering faith. a way must be devised to build a

"How about a quadrille, folks?"dugway against a perpendicular

Henry Cox cried, grabbing his fiddle ledge, for a waterfall obstructed the from his wagon and commencing to way, tumbling from a large spring saw off a tune. that boiled from the rocks about

"Best way in the world to warm half way down. The slope of the

up!"Ben Perkins agreed. "Swing it, crack, he said, was eight feet to the

folks. Swing it hard!"rod at the top, decreasing as the

"Little ones first, forward and crack widened, becoming a fairly back. Old folks next, right to the level landing near the river's edge.

crack!"cried Henry. He danced and "We'll begin work at once!"Silas

played till his leather breeches cried. "We'll put forty men to work

threatened to burst their seams; his widening the crack. Some will

wiry sideburns blew in the wind, a work from the bottom up. Some

ragged fringe above his violin. will work on the dugway—the

"Young folks next, short or tall. Perkins brothers and Bishop NielSwing your partner and circle all! son. Others will begin at the top,

Swing your lady by the arm, swing piling their waste rock into the first her hard till the blood gets warm!"drop."

It was the old device, a challenge Kumen Jones, standing near the to their courage and their faith. If crack, looked into the distance.

dance—danceHenry Cox coulduntil play,by theirtheygrindingcould loomedSoutheastthe frommysteriouslywhere hebeautiful,stood

feet they wore a road to the river. strangely isolated Navajo MounLaughter and song floated out over tain. Situated, as he knew from his

the desert, out on the wind to the first scouting attempt with Hobbs, river. If voices broke, choked by Hutchings, and Lewis, near the juncemotion, their efforts at gaiety were tion of the San Juan and the Coloredoubled. Limbs, numb from cold rado, it rose abruptly almost from

and cramped positions, became nimthe river itself, towering in lonely ble. And courage came to their grandeur.

hearts, like water to a new, clean Was this the country of his ditch. dream? This wild new country that

defied approach? This unsettled

/"Ynly a part of the company had region with its many tribes of Inbeen moved to the Hole in the dians? He stood, as in his dream,

Rock. The rest remained at the wondering at the blueness and the

Forty and Fifty Mile camps. Having brightness of the sky, and an assurdivided the company into ten smallance that seemed prophetic took

er companies, captained by farpossession of him. Yet between him

sighted and courageous men, Silas and the region of his dream lay this made each captain responsible for devil crack, waiting since time, to be the welfare of his own group. They subdued.

were to spread out as much as was He turned to Silas, and there was safe, in order to conserve their re- a whimsical lift to his lips. "Capsources. Grass had diminished with tain,"he said, "since this first drop

every mile of travel, until now there is a mere one hundred feet, we was none at all. Teams, already should be able to leap down it in the

very poor, were driven as far as ten morning and spring back up at miles from camp to be pastured. night!"

Game was scarce, and food was low. Silas looked at Kumen. "We have

There was almost no water, and fuel ropes, you know. I don't understand

was more scarce than water. All the your jest"

shad scale that the boys could tie in Instantly Kumen was sober. The—Photograph bg Sullivan C. Richardson

bundles and drag home at the end of prophetic spell of his dream faded NEARING HOLE IN THE ROCK the day gave but a half hour of before the reality of the problem of doubtful heat at each camp. (Continued on page 493)

JULY 1947 429.

Sccience Lonn,irms tL WORD 7T rmed with spirituality and a

A-\ divinely endowed knowledge is LI * * of how to live, the Pioneers entered Great Salt Lake Valley one hundred years ago. This divine

knowledge was called the Word of

Wisdom and is found in section eightynine of the Doctrine and

Covenants.

The revelation was then but a little over fourteen years old. It was destined to give Latterday Saints a full

century's head start over the rest of the world in the art of better living.

In it we are advised to:

1 Avoid alcohol, tobacco, and hot drinks 2. Eat meat sparingly, none in hot

weather 3. Eat wheat and other grains,

fruits, and vegetables with "prudence and thanksgiving"Grim evidence of tobacco's toxic Rewards for following this advice were to include: properties was reflected in an account of last year's causes of death

1. Health among American physicians. 20 It was

2. Wisdom shown that over eightyfive percent

3. Knowledge of the doctors'own deaths last year

4. Hidden treasures of knowledge resulted from five serious diseases.

5. Physical endurance All five of these diseases are believed

6. Protection from the "destroyto be predisposed to by the use of

ing angel"tobacco. They include heart disease,

arterial disease, cancer, cirrhosis of

This "destroying angel"works the liver, and peptic ulcer.

with much success today and reaps a Let us consider what science has toll of millions of lives annually from discovered about tobacco.

cancer, heart disease, insanity, tuberCancer of the mouth, lips, tongue, culosis, arthritis, high blood presthroat, esophagus, larynx, stomach, sure, infections, nephritis, peptic result from the uland duodenum may computed statistics comparing cer, diabetes, blood, bone, "M "liver, and tobacco. 8 use of deaths of of those with nonsmokers diseases. other many colds, longer have more Smokers the studied smokers. heavy numHe biochemistry, books Modern on sinus colds, lasting frequent more living ber of the at both age groups nutrition, toxicology, hygiene, and chronic involvement, and more

still livthirty of the and number give medicine evidence proving those pharyngitis cough accompanied by ing sixty. at the of Fortythree age truths simple revealed Lord by the lay the nonsmokers. than 81 These percent than more heavy nonsmokers to the Prophet Smith FebJoseph on for serious other more groundwork alive sixat the of smokers age were 1833. ruary 27, diseases.

ty.

Tobacco smoking is one of the HThere are now three hundred percauses of angina pectoris. This is a Premature aging, especially of

cent more cigarets smoked andisease resulting in severe heart pain women and girls,5 results from the nually than there were in 1932. Milassociated with changes in the aruse of cigarets.*

lions have been added to the ranks teries of the heart. It can be quite Blindness of the central fields of

vision result of both from eyes mayof the cigaret chain smokers; smokof the the use easily detected by

7 1 is of habit the If the tobacco. useing during doubled II. electrocardiograph. patients World Many War

Medical doctors should do much with coronary thrombosis, heart not discontinued by a person with more than they do to discourage the muscle injuries, and heart vessel this type of optic nerve poisoning, use of tobacco. But many of the docspasms have improved suddenly total loss of sight may result.*

tors themselves are heavy smokers, when nicotine was withheld."Many additional diseases and

probably over eightyfive percent of The late Professor Raymond symptoms of tobacco poisoning them. Pearl of Johns Hopkins University could be added.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

References to more than one hundred authors on the subject of coffee are quoted by R. R. IrvinM who conOF WISDOM cludes that:

1. Caffeine will insidiously injure

the body, especially the nervous /Ou Aramid <=JLl S,now. \3x

system.

BISHOP, SAN PEDRO WARD, LONG BEACH STAKE 2. The nervous person is the most

apt to be injured and is the very type most likely to overindulge in caffeine tosays the Chinese have occurwidespread The of Wisdom Word 29 drinks.

bruises is "... for of cancer rence of the esophagus. bacco to be used 3. Caffeine is bad for children. and all sick cattle."Today's veteriTea and coffee, either hot or cold, (Today children get it in the cola

nary surgeons learn that "an infuhave been officially included as drinks. sion of tobacco leaves"is advisable harmful, for good reason, in the for killing parasites in domestic aniWord of Wisdom. Both contain caf- 4. Older people especially should

mals. 2* feine, as do also the various cola avoid coffee and tea.

drinks. Caffeine is a stimulating, 5. Coffee stimulates the kidneys,

"VTow let us consider what science habitforming alkaloid upon which produces insomnia and nervousness, has discovered about alcohol. many people become dependent. 2* and insidiously but dangerously

To begin with, the reproductive Caffeine drinks cover up a perstimulates the heart and blood vescells of the body are damaged or son's need for rest2* and are badly sels.

destroyed by the selective action of misused as a substitute for food, alcohol.* especially when one is in a hurry. Chocolate, one of our presentday12

is Its food. drinks,""hot an allergic affect Caffeine the heart, both may is depressof the Insanity most one in discomfort results use widespread its direct effect the by heart upon alcoholism."results one of ing About allergic usually in people, many muscle the and nerves of upon the results five of insanity cases of out 88 patient's the the knowing without heart. year alcohol. of the Each use from It bilious trouble. the causes of cause Caffeine stimulate beverages gas87 inenter patients of thousands new content purine attacks,"has a high 3 tric secretion, to predisposing stomits use. of because asylums sane 30 is contains unhealthful, and which ulcer. ach cells, althe brain injuring Besides is irritating the to which theobromine intelligent person The should 86 disease induces cohol and damages kidneys. realize that the "extra power and other brain arteries the the and of of

energy"the promised of consumer the parts of body.

"... caffeine drinks are advises revelation not supplied 1833 by Aur accidents automobile from Death the beverage. This power and enfruit thereof; in the season every

is to increase drunkthe rapid due on is ergy taken the from person's prudence."with to all these be used

is rate 10 driving. from the death en So physiological reserve. own (Concluded 467) on page alto diseases predisposed by many

cohol. These include cancer, cirrhosis of the liver, peptic ulcer, arterial

and kidney disease, and hardening of the arteries. REFERENCES

AssociaMedical American the Huber, 1. Birk 20. Pectoris Journal and "Angina and of ToAlcoholics must pay a higher

editorial, inbacco January tion, Smoking,"Wisconsin Journal, Medical 2

Meat, 1939. Ernest, September Must Eat 21. 11, You1947. Jutte, Max nonalcoholics. rate than surance

2. Hisey, 1936. Bogen and About Alcohol, What

The death rate per unit of popula1934.3. Cantor, Alfred J., Cancer Can Be Cured. tion,22. 1945.Lander, Veterinary Toxicology, third edias a 1946. Cause of L., "Coffee Robert 23. Levy, tion is increased even by the mod-

4. Cecil, Medicine. Russell Annals Pain,"of Internal L., A Textbook of Medicine. Cardiac 8 fourth edition, 1937. 1937. beverages. November erate of alcoholic use

1944. edition, 1946. to Cancer, The Word of Wisdom suggests Relation6.5. ChurchChidester. F. A., Nutrition and Glands in 24. Meredith, Florence L., Hygiene, fourth and Peterson, 25. Morrison, Nervous and Mental the use of alcohol "for the washing Diseases, ninth edition, 1925. seventh edition, 1937,F. B., Feeds and Feeding,

of your bodies."This is confirmed vol.7. 3,DukeElder,1941. Textbook of Ophthalmology 1943.26. Oberling, Charles, The Riddle of Cancer.

8. Fisher and E., to Live, with Old 1929. 27. Page, Minds Young Melvin How is the of one Alcohol by science. 9. Furnass, 1944. C. Furnass, and S. M., Man, Bodies. Fiske,C,

28 1937. Bread, and Destiny, Pearl, 28. and "Tobacco Smoking Raymond, skin. antiseptics Alcofor the best

10. 14, Gilman, Caffeine Alfred, 1938. Longevity,"Science, Health. and March

hol in fifty percent dilution is of Hygeia11. Goodman,(October Herman,and November),Principles1935.of Profestion,29. 1925.Pusey, W. A., Dermatology, fourth edigreat importance as a modernday sional Beauty Culture, 1938. 30. Roth, Ivy, and Atkinson. "Caffeine and

"cleanser of the skin."n and12.ParanasalHansel, FrenchSinuses,K.,1936.Allergy of the Nose Peptic31. Schwartz,Ulcer,"J.A.M.A.,H. F., SmokingNovemberand25,Tuber1944.

13. Hawkins, Harold F., Applied Nutrition. culosis, Neu> York State Journal of Medicine,

second edition, 1947. July 15. 1945.

I-Tot drinks are "not for the body."Nicotine,14. Henry,pamphlet,Carl, 1934.The True Story of Lady Chronic32. Snow,Disease"HaroldMedicalLee, "RefinedPaper deliveredSugar andbeScience again confirms the revtion,15. translatedHesse, Erick,from NarcoticsGerman, 1946.and Drug AddicforeMedicalHarborSociety,BranchSeptemberof Los1946.Angeles County

16. L., Frederick Hoffman, Facts Cancer Some 33. 1933. Products, Sherman, Henry Food C, that drinks elation hot showing by Fallacies, 1925. and 34. Sherman, Chemistry of Henry Food C, 17. Principles Ellsworth, Huntington, Huof edition, 1946. of Nutrition, seventh and causes of are important the one fifth edition, 1940. Geography, man

35. Leah Widtsoe, A. John The and D Irvin, 18. of Roy, "Hygienic Aspects Robert to drinks predispose cancer."Hot 1937. of Wisdom, Word 5, Coffee,"October Journal and Medical Record, 2* 36. Lip,"of the Wile Hand, "Cancer and 2, 19, 1927. October November of the of the cancer esophagus and

1937. 30, January J.A.M.A.. E., 19. Jacobs, TechMorris Chemistry 8 and

stomach. Because of their drinking nology of Foods and Food Products, 1944. 37. Wohl, Michael G., Dietotherapy. 1945.

of hot tea and their use of hot rice,

JULY 1947 431 Fifty years twice repeated have come and gone since the

Pioneers began wresting a livelihood from the arid valleys of the o\ West. They came equipped with a Jen cJJecadi}ecade$ CHURCH

spirit of selfindependence, and with no expectancy of being assisted or Paught with the spirit of gatherhad to be taken care of—fed, succored by anyone except theming, sheltered. clothed, and aspiration the unquenchable And so other the the of benevolence selves—and of all converts, of were Saints branches Church welfare many of the

sucthey could knew Lord. They

of 8,000 ceed, with their own mind and might, were too poor to travel to the West. developed. A Church farm But to the pioneer already in Zion, acres was surveyed south of Salt in keeping body and soul together.

canal was dug; three The very afternoon they arrived, this was only another opportunity Lake City. A

six gristmills to in sawmills put action demonstrate were and concern a their tools,with they few dammed for operation. farm continued the welfare of his brethren. This He into of the forksup one of City Creek,

until established 1 889. to operate farms the Perpetual Church Emigrain locality the the where modern

buildings at Third South Street tion Fund. Into this great fund he were also established in Arizona,

and State Street now stand, and donated both cash and produce California, and Nevada.

started irrigating and planting. the latter being converted into cash Nine times in the revelations of

by the directors of the fund. And the Lord to his people, as recordedOnly the raw elements were there;

they had to haul their own tools and from this fund he lent cash to in the Doctrine and Covenants, reftheir own seed in ox carts over a those who were unable to raise suference was made to the establishthousand miles of desert and mounficient money, no matter in what part ing and operation of a bishops'storeof the world they lived, to move to house. The Saints had their first extains. Before the harvest season, they

Utah. These loans were repaid by periences with storehouses in theirhad to locate sites and build mills,

millponds, millruns, and import burrthe borrowers as their prosperity incommunities in the East. In Salt

stones. Few people have started with creased after they had established Lake City they founded their central

less or worked against more diffithemselves in Zion. It has been estistorehouse on the present location of

mated that more than 85,000 were Hotel Utah. It was often referredcult odds.

But far and above their unexcelled assisted in getting to the intermounto as the "tithing yard."The pioheroism in providing a living for tain west through the fund. neers'tithing was stored here; and

Not only money and produce were here the immigrants often stayed andthemselves was their magnanimous fed and housed until they were contributed to aid in the cause, but weredesire to share with everyone whom locate able to elsewhere. hundreds of volunteer drivers,they believed to have less than they also

had. Church records are replete with with outfits, each consisting of a HPo facilitate the exchange of goods

such notations as: wagon and four yoke of oxen, were and labor, a system of "scrip"

sent to back the Mississippi of inaugurated exRiver. was as a medium hundred sixtytwo and wagons, 293 Two trip took all summer. A single change. This replaced a coupon andmen, oxen, 2,880 143,315 and of pounds

flour were sent from Utah to assist the poor In 1880 there was $704,000 lent due bill system previously mainin their migration across the plains in May in principal, and $900,000 due in tained. The scrip was in the same

1862. interest. total, of the or Half silver as the denomination paper and Three eightyfour hundred and wagons, in anticipacanceled $802,000, was It of in today. payable money was 3,604 taking men,488 oxen, 235,969 pounds tion that the fund could and would at the bishops'produce flour, meat andof east assist the to went of the poor

immigration in May 1863.1 be liquidated. storehouses.

The welfare of their brethren was When the immigrant arrived, he Remunerative employment was ever their concern. Andrew Jenson, Church Chronology, pp. 67. 69 not always available for the im432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

migrant who came into the valley. Pioneering Church welfare houses, we now have 105 storeSo the pioneer leaders met that probbranched off into experiments of houses accommodated in 141 buildlem by creating makework projects. living the United Order. The idea ings with an asset value of $2,289,-

Perhaps the most significant of these was not new with the Saints in the 408.00. These are stocked with every

projects was the wall around TemWest; they had practised it to some necessity of life, and in many cases

ple Square. Those who needed extent in Ohio and Missouri. With with items which would have been

sustenance were assigned to work the panic of 1 873 many communities undreamedof luxuries to the pioon the wall and were given their throughout the Territory put the neer.

needs from the tithing yard across principle into practice. Many of the To produce the commodities to

the street. original nineteen wards of Salt Lake stock these storehouses, there are

The pioneer's concern for all men City had United Order organizanow one hundred and sixty permawas demonstrated in his establishing tions. Factories of many kinds were nent project properties throughout

a Church farm for nonmembers who operated under this system. With the Church. Some of these include

found themselves stranded in the President Brigham Young's death on vegetable, seed, and wheat farms, valley while on their way to the August 29, 1877, some branches orchards, a cotton plantation,

California gold fields and other were dissolved, and over the next dairies, sewing centers, fish canplaces. Because tithing was often twentyfive year period, the projects neries, soap factories, cattle, sheep,

paid in livestock, it was necessary to were sold to private enterprise. and hog farms, and even a vitamin

establish a Church stock ranch. It Thus was Church welfare and its pill producing plant. Food processfunction of assisting those in need ing plants have reached proportions,

ever a vital concern of both the too. The program has sixtyfive canearly and the late pioneer. neries, four grain elevators, and one

flour mill.WELFARE The spirit of sharing and dividing,

as it was with the pioneers, is still iSu Mafotd <=U.unddtrom the motivating power of Church welfare. During the past year, 6,872

was located near Black Rock on the HPhe organized Church welfare persons in seven European missions south shore of Great Salt Lake, some plan of today has been built on were assisted with 14,924 packages twenty miles west of the city. Always principles of revelation and inspiraof food and clothing (149,600

believers in the tenet that everytion from the Lord, and on the pracpounds). In addition, twelve carone should work for his keep, the tices and experiences of the founders loads of clothing, and twentyseven

carloads of bulk foodstuffs were The commonwealth. to build a rock wall of pioneers decided the Mormon

of if the seed wonders sent. One a not new; it is but plan is current the ranch. Nonmembers around

given expression worked on this wall in exchange for continued growth of the original brotherhood—as

food and shelter for themselves and principles. Because of the size of the through organized Church welfare

their families until they were able to Church, a mighty welfare organizaplanted by the pioneers, was visioncontinue their travels, or as often tion has developed, and its power for ed by them to grow to such heights.

happened, until they settled in the brotherhood and for good has been A retrospective review of ten decChurch communities and found felt around the world. Where the ades of Church welfare exhibits a

other types of employment. pioneer had but a few bishops'storepanorama of achievement and a century of brotherhood. But a high hill

of work yet remains. Even to exist,

the brethren in Europe need all the food, clothing, and bedding that can possibly be sent to them. Many here

at home need to become more enthusiastic workers, and more willing to do their bit.

In this Centennial year, income is high, and employment is generally available. Should a period of unemployment overtake the world, as it

has a number of times in the past century, Church welfare would be called upon heavily to assist. As

the pioneers met the challenge of helping those who were in need of aid and assistance, the members of the Church must continue to rally to the support of this inspired program of brotherhood, the Church

TOWERING GRAIN ELEVATORS AT WELFARE SQUARE IN SALT LAKE CITY welfare program.

JULY 1947 433 Big over TheirWagonsMountaincreakedin July 1847.

roughlocked wheels ground KJvie JTVividmd i/kears 0\ new marks into the Donner Party

Trail, as they slid down into Mountain Dell. Two days later their firsthand account from the particiject of many a story by hoarywhitetops rose out of the brush of pants. headed grandparents as they sat

Emigration Canyon, and the PioThe final effect in the whole exaround campfires with the grandneers looked over the great flats of perience of pioneering the Church children, on an evening in the nearthe Salt Lake Valley. That was one to the mountains was to develop a by hills. Children gulped and chilled

In the party ago. years hundred of of breed at the daring each men who went women adventures—but fortyeight original the hundred one didn't the turn to the through problems morning renewed same andend—who boys, Lorenzo souls were two facstarvation back; see could to leisure time of the of what who do with

Sobieski Young and Isaac Perry ing them—death reducing their the youth of our more populated

Decker. Thus, right in the begincommunities. Nineteen hundred ten

with for ning, the boys work need left, Toy/or, saw still many a pioneer outpost, but A. Kirkham, H. and John Oscar Pioneers. the the with valley entered center, receive charter from an early Raymond

Boys have always held high place 0. Hanson, regional Scout executive.

in the hearts of the Latterday

Saints. It was a boy of Scout age

who one day read the soulstirring and actioninspiring words, "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of

God...."(James 1:5.) The act of

God the Father and his Son Jesus

Christ in manifesting themselves to a stripling youth has forever enshrined with us the high place of boyhood in the Church.

In those days of one hundred years ago the boygang problem did not exist. A camp on the move has no

time for boy problems—indeed,

there are no problems with busy boys. Boys in 1 847 were busy. They

did men's work; they spent men's

hours. If they couldn't cut timber,

they could drive oxen and horses, ride herd, and do numberless other tasks.

Vicarious thrill is a poor thrill indeed when compared to the living, number—and yet could struggle in the cities boys were beginning to

breathing adventure. Talk about Inthrough in the job to which they be a problem.

dian adventure! Every night the were assigned. Here is the key to Many leaders in our communities

camps were alert to the possible war the settlement of Utah: to accept were becoming alarmed at the "softwhoop and the chance of losing one's a responsibility, believing it comes ening up"process that civilization

hair. By day, Indians were frequentfrom God. To lay oneself on the was working on our boyhood. Euly seen near and in the camp. altar with all one possesses, and to gene L. Roberts—then director of

Hear about the old scouts! These carry that responsibility in rightphysical training at Brigham Young

boys of long ago heard Old Gabe, eousness to its ultimate end—come University—wrote four pages of arhimself, many times. There was no what may. Such is the desirable gument that the new Boy Scout

illusion. They didn't see the old hero quality to be taught the youth of the movement contained the essence of

through the mists of years, but he Church. It was taught in the early what boys need, and urged the

stood starkly real in their minds, his days of a hundred years ago in the Church to give to the boys an organcrude, wild ways of living, evidence most potent way it can ever be ized program like that of the Boy that many white men are savages at taught, through the bitter school of Scouts. He proposed that such an

heart. hard experience, organization be called the "Boy PioThese boys lived adventure. Did HTime went on, however, and condineers of Utah,"saying:

kill a bear? someone

tions city changed. of Salt;..'It The all the salient features can embrace of tale, they saw

Scouts the or less with more same code in 1910 the hide—theyThey heardeventhe Lake as the the was not same

ate some of the meat. in 1847. Already boys were hearing of honor, the same activities, and with the

in in general, purposes addition but someone was When it to preserve the can aim of the memory often present at the were pioneers to teach killed;killing—orthey morethey wereof theparticipatinggreat adventurein it. thanThe same reverence and and symattended the burial—or heard the "crossing of the plains"was the subpathy for their religious struggles.

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Latterday Saint Scouts were not immediately affiliated with the Boy

Scouts of America. It was in 1913,SCOUTING in January, that Mr. S. A. Moffatt,

a field secretary of the Boy Scouts of

Jl!X *JjLtwodk iyouna America began negotiations to at- & tain this affiliation. On March 24, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

the committee of the general board, officially advised the Boy Scouts of

Prior to the publication of this the Church might control the desAmerica that a resolution making the article and earlier in the year the tinies of our boyhood, the Mutual union official had been adopted by general superintendency of the Improvement Association leaders the general board and asking that

Young Men's Mutual Improvement surrounded the new program with Dr. John H. Taylor be granted a

Association appointed a committee written safeguards and with enough special Scout commission with juristo investigate the program of the of the Church Authorities in its diction over all Mutual Improvement

Boy Scout movement of America. leadership to guide its thinking. Association Scouts. The committee

This committee was composed of B. The direction of Scout activities who did this work included L. R.

H. Roberts, George H. Brimhall, was given into the hands of John H. Martineau, Hyrum M. Smith, Oscar

and Benjamin Goddard. Taylor, later a member of the First A. Kirkham, B. F. Grant, Bryant S.

Council of the Seventy. Dr. Taylor Hinckley, and John H. Taylor.

1912 marks the date of was made field commissioner of Volumes could be written about the detail of the work of these men W[archpublication of an article outscouting to all Latterday Saint official founders of scouting in lining the organization of the "M. boys. Up and down the Church he—the

equalthe of other men, Church and trainteaching, instructing, went, and the direction LA. Scouts"—under clearing in the the ly important, way refield ing leaders. met with some of committee of athletics, the He

sports, and outdoor activities, of the sistance. The questions in the minds stakes and ward. Two, only, of that

Mutual Improvement Association. of the first committee appointed to first committee, survive, Bryant S.

Today, scanning old copies of The investigate the Scout movement were Hinckley and Oscar A. Kirkham.

before long Brother Hinckley in deraised men by or reading Improvement Era men—presiding the of his conemphasis in a changed everywhere. of the general board, Thomas Hull, tail the minutes

one cannot sense the great amount meeting of the general board in tribution to youth to physical develof work which some men did in August 1912, "moved that stake suopment, while Brother Kirkham bringing scouting into the Latterperintendents be instructed to inwent on in this chosen field, first to day Saint Church. augurate the Mutual Improvement local, then to national, and finally to

Association Scout movement in their great international recognition in respective stakes,"and his motion scouting.

was carried. This action was the has not been easy for our people

key which opened the doors of the IT to adapt this program of an Eng-, stakes far enough for the movement lish general with its woodcraft of to become firmly established. The Seton and its pioneering of Dan

joint efforts of the committee and Dr. Beard. Many a long night was spent Taylor were effective. by the committee, backing up the detail of Dr. Taylor, and discussing

T}r, Taylor's gentle, kindly ways and helping with the idea.

gradually won many stakes and So well was the groundwork laid, ward leaders, and in 1918, just prior however, that in 1919 the Church to his retirement as Church Scout accepted the idea of local councils commissioner, he was able to report with paid professional executives in that in the Church were 183 charge. And so were born the four

Scout troops, 3,705 registered Utah councils for scouting.

Scouts, and 2,162 boys doing work With the organization of the local but not registered, for a total of councils, and the consequent center- 5,867. His words, in his report of ing of both community and ecclethat year, sound like a local council siastical effort, Scout work began,

executive pleading in 1947 with the and has since held the close attenbishops for a chance for Scout men tion and effort of many of the best to function: men in the intermountain country.

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, SCOUTER Today close to thirty thousand

A man who can guide twenty or thirty Latterday Saint boys are Scouts.

boys in their play and recreation, and while "Scout"is a word. Innumerable

so, the necessity impress them upon feel the doing could These good men it its connotations. are But to a boy

their church, of service to giving and livpull scouting, but of the of romance It denotation. only one have can principles of the in withconformity ing they were determined that the end the gospel, is doing a sufficiently valuable means adventure—outdoor advenresult would be Latterday Saint work that should entitle him to some relief ture. That is a boy's reason for joinboys. Cautious lest, groups not in from other ward duties. (Continued on page 481

JULY 1947;- li435

tL Samu Westward wd Part IV EXCERPTS FROM THE of the camp of the Saints ahead.

Saturday [July] the 24th.—notHITHERTO UNPUBLISHED itAfter& encampedgoing 7%withmiles,theweremaindercame to

withstanding the threatening JOURNAL OF of the brethren at 1 P.M. having

of the weather appearance come 1 1 Ya miles today—they had last clouds evening, the have J4oface J\. Whitne moved to this place from 4 miles

cleared away & this morning the back, as Bro. Pack yesterday insunusual—roseThebrightmajority& beautifulof the campas formedgrass hereus theyis verycontemplated.tall & rank, Thethe

werea.m.-—Frankin motionDeweyabout& MyselfJ4 pastdid7 soilwithrichbeautiful& exuberant,cold springs,& well &wateredin fine,

not start with the rest, our horses the country equals our most sanguine having strayed away. Bro. Howard expectations, being only deficient in Egan had also lost one of his—he timber, which we indulge hopes can

the about over mountain back went in the obtained mountains. be The

found them miles 4 he when all, brethren ploughing commenced & started up, them brought we got & planting potatoes yesterday, are & in about 2 hours after the departure going into it with renewed vigor toof the rest. Pursuing a west course

day, some engaged in tilling the the ravine, crossed the through we while others ground, are occupied little is salt. evidently 1 but are There sevtimes. 8 stream down—going in repairing other ploughs necesthat in sight timber anywhere, and length at eral descents, steep we

utensils. farming sary learn that &—I is creeks the of banks mostly on & (having pass, the from emerged

is large, 8 miles ahead a sulphusome is the water, streams of about gratiwhich highly miles, 4 were come ) & issuing spring rous the from mounraised only objection could which be fine of the fied open a with view tains, is in its so hot nature, which in this estimation to being one Salt Lake"my "Great country & the that in person cannot hold a hand of valleys the pleasbeautiful in most surface could seen be & blue whose it also are an other a instant—there Saints, for for the places ant lofty of a home a range the distance, with

mountains in the background, which which could be found. Timber is curiosities in the neighborhood, in- I should judge to be some 30 or 40 evidently lacking, but we have not cluding numerous salt springs.—

There are also numerous signs of miles distant. There is an extensive, expected to find a timber country.

beautiful, level looking valley, from There may be plenty of it on the bear, buffalo, antelope, deer, etc., but

here to the lake, which I should mountains, which the long distance these animals are not accustomed to judge from the numerous deep green would render impossible to be seen inhabit here unless, indeed, they sepatches must be fertile and rich. with the naked eye, but the mounlect this country for their winter

are The valley extends to the south tains through which we have passed, quarters.—Rattlesnakes—there

probably 50 miles, when it is again have very little timber on them. In plenty of a small size, which probasurrounded by high mountains. To some places may be seen a small bly have their dens in the mountains.

the southwest across the valley, at growth of fir, or cedar or pine, & in The distance from the entrance of about 25 to 30 miles distant, is a the valleys, some cottonwood, and "Pratt's Pass"to avoid the Kanyon high mountain, extending from the other small timber. There is doubtat "Weber's Fork,"to this place is

have travelled 44)4 south end of the valley to about opless timber in all the passes 6 ravines 4434 miles—we

posite this place, where it ceases where streams descend from the miles during the past week, are this abruptly, leaving a pleasant view of mountains. There is no prospect of evening, distant from Ft. Bridger

115 miles, from Ft. John 512% the dark waters of the Lake.—building log houses without spendStanding in the lake, & about due ing a vast amount of time & labor, miles, & from Winter Quarters 1053

west, there are 2 mountains, & far but we can make Spanish brick & miles. President Young is slowly reall in the distance, another one, which dry them in the sun, or we can build covering his health, & finally,

I might suppose is on the other side lodges as the Pawnee Indians do in those in the camp who have been of the lake, probably from 80 to their villages. For my own part, I sick are rapidly recovering.—It com100 miles distant. To the northam happily disappointed in the apmenced raining quite hard about 4

west is another mountain, at the pearance of the valley of the Salt P.M. accompanied by a strong wind

base of which is a long ridge of Lake, & if the land be as rich as it from the southwest, which continued what I should consider to be rock has the appearance of being, I have about 2 hours, thus setting at naught salt from its white and shining apno fears but the Saints can live the opinions & apprehensions of rain of the brethren, that is not lake does pearance. not show—The sufficiently incidental to this counsur- right. this distance at extensive very a here, &—Afterdo well,leavingwhich "lastwe willcreek"do some

face, but its dark blue shade, resemas it is called, & "Pratt's Pass,"we try for the growth of wheat, corn, bling the calm sea, looks very beaupassed over a level shelf or bottom etc.-—Some of them indeed, had

tiful. The intervening valley appears for some distance & then descended thought that we would be obliged

to be well supplied with streams, to the 2d shelf or bottom below, to irrigate the country by digging creeks, & lakes—-some of the latter from whence we had a plain view (Concluded on page 447)

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Co I join gladly and with delight—J4 Statute to the adoptedwith stateall myin brethrenthis enthusiasticof my

salute to you pioneers to whom this part of the western world owes so much. We were born too late to

come through the thickets and break Utah Pioneers through the forests and bridge the

FROM AN ADDRESS GIVEN IN THE rivers and tread through the canyons

SALT LAKE TABERNACLE MAY 1, 1947 and climb over the mountains and stand spellbound for the first time

BY THE on the edge of the ravine, to look out over the valley and be thrilled with is "this the that the conviction foutton, LJ. *JJ.

place."too late, born and M %, MLr W. We were

EPISCOPAL BISHOP OF UTAH (RETIRED) we envy you the glory of it all. But

we were born in time to enjoy the fruits of your labors and your sacrigreater distinction has ever they carried light and life into fices and your spirit; and we were

been conferred upon me than Africa. So would any one of my born in time to take up your workNo

this invitation to take part in hearers. where you left it, and to carry it on

the salute to the Utah pioneers. This with something of the determination

is a fine event in a brilliant Centen- 'T'he events which we begin to celeand faith which possessed you. We

nial. One hundred years ago this brate tonight stand with history have entered into your labors; you

state began its onward march toward like that. And one of these days we have passed on to us the hopes of

the dignity of a commonwealth. This shall see more clearly that the blazyour hearts; we shall complete those

century has been a bright developing of the trail over the Alleghenies hopes. Your beginnings were a

ment in the art of statemaking, and—across the prairies—through hosbright promise; we shall fulfil that

we now give praise to famous men tile territories, tortured and tormentpromise. Freedom, liberty, opportuand women who under good leadered by sickness and famine but with nity were a part of the gifts you

ship broke into the wilderness and a dogged persistence and a rugged brought across the plains in your reclaimed it for America. determination that cannot be excovered wagons; we shall enrich

It would be a strange commentary plained apart from faith in God those gifts. It is our human and reupon us if we who, being born too yes, we shall clearly realize that the ligious duty to match the majestic

late to be members of the valiant deeds of our Utah pioneers belong and insurpassable physical glory of company that were the parents of in all nature to the golden matters our Utah with high standards of our state, did not feel a kind of enof history. citizenship, the enduring evidence

vious wish that we had been there. It becomes more and more apof good life and living. We shall do

Who does not thrill as he reads parent as one studies history in our duty.

the history of the stirring exploits which humanity is engaged (and And our duty is plain; freedom,

that have marked new starts in the what constitutes history but men and liberty, opportunity! History doeslife of the world? Which of us would women)—their failures and sucrepeat itself in glorious ways at

not have given much to be a part of cesses, their defeats and victories, times. It is trying to repeat itself totheir dreams and enterprises, their day. It is trying to reveal to manthem—no matter how far back in

it becomes kind the sterling) fact that the goodtime they happened? My own perfaiths and their works,

sonal history is related to the Pilmore and more apparent, I say, that life is the abundant life in which all grims and the Puritans, and to this when Almighty God wants to open mankind everywhere shall share the day as I turn over the pages that tell up a new country ( I do not hesitate treasures of the world. Those treasof those pioneers, of what they acto suggest a new world) he makes ures cannot be shared in a warring

complished, of what they dreamed, use of the religious motive! The reworld, with brother's hand against

of their adventures, of their endurligious motive has been the inspirathe throat of brother. They can only

ance and the things they did that tion of adventure and research, of be shared and loved in a world at endure, it creates within me a sort discovery and construction, of homepeace and sensitive of good will of impatience with the Fates that I making and nation building: you among men. That was one of the

could not have been associated in the can read this in all precious records. profound truths beneath the foundaflesh with those great builders. The religious motive was the heart tion of this state. Let us of this growOne would like to have been with of the discovery of America; the ing state communicate it to the world

settlement of England, the and day. New

intrepidthose evangelists openwho remarkable climax, American the you, women, men and in Wethis oursalute forests ago. agesed up the German into, discovery, the entrance setthe pioneers, as the heroic progenitors

It would be immortal to have been tling and the development of our inof a great generation. Be proud of

a sailor on one of those tiny boats termountain empire which (and I the beginnings and look with confithat sailed over the seas and found would call your attention to it) is dence toward the future of the wonAmerica. I would like to have been impressed with so many marks of derful state you founded!

with Livingstone and Stanley when the Holy Land.

JULY 1947 v 437 OUR STRENGTH aJ GUIDANCE

all Therethings haspertainingbeen manifestto the Churchin of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints a power and directive force beyond man. This power which

transcends all things in the earth is divine authority. It is designated in

scripture as the "Holy Priesthood, after the order of the Son of God."

It is obtained only from God, as God wills. It came to this Church by

ordination. Peter, James, and John,

who were ordained by the Savior, were sent by God, and conferred this power by the laying of hands upon the heads of Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery.

Without the priesthood, no gospel ordinance can be acceptably administered, and without it "the power of godliness is not manifest unto man in the flesh."Man cannot assume it;

to possess it, he must be called and ordained by the power of God. "The

rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven,"hence, they may be exercised only in righteousness under the gift and power of the Holy Ghost.

This limitless divine power distinguishes the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints from all the churches of men.

It is true that the prophets, Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, John

Taylor, and their successors, to this THE BANKS OF THE SUSQUEHANNA RIVER WHERE THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD day, have been men of ability, outWAS CONFERRED.

standing personalities, with great personal magnitude, with inborn qualities of leadership, but they possessed something greater that made heard, nor yet entered into the heart of in harmony with the will of the Lord, them not only leaders of men but alman. (D.6C. 76:7, 10.) and prompts willing support of the

so men of God. This "something"program and undertakings of the

is the Holy Priesthood. Each was As ancient Israel knew that Moses Church.

made humble as he sensed his own had been called and ordained of In these days, as in the days of strength "as nothing"before God; the Lord to lead them by revelation, the primitive Church, Satan has kept

each knew whence came his strength, so modern Israel have known that the hearts of men stirred up against whence came his knowledge of their leaders were and are called and the Saints and has sought to overthings earthly, and things heavenly, ordained of God. It was this knowlthrow the Lord's work. The Lord's

for the Lord had said concerning edge that kept modern Israel in the people have been objects of hatred, those holding this priesthood: way of life and prompted them to pillaging, mobbing, and all manner

follow their leaders from New York of persecutions, although they have mysteries, I reveal all will to them And establishment of mysteries all the hidden my kingto Ohio, from Ohio to Missouri, but one objective—theyea,

dom from days of old, and for ages to come, Missouri to Nauvoo, and from Nauof the kingdom of God in the earth.

will I make known unto them the good voo to the valley of the Great Salt For this objective they left their pleasure of my will concerning all things Lake, thence to the many farhomes, their possessions, and their pertaining to my kingdom. spread settlements of the arid West. fair cities time and time again. For

them, I enlighten will Spirit For by my unto Their knowledge today of the divine the accomplishment of this mighty will known I make powerand by my leadercall purpose, of the noble they withhold appointment and and those even secrets thethem of my will—yea, lives their in the nothing endure ship much. and Church keeps ear They nor not seen, has eyethings which

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA these sfundmd bjeaM By ARNOLD DEE WHITE

know they possess God's power, ing, churches, schools, and other sonearly a million in number. All

and that ultimately God's purposes cial needs. Here, as in Kirtland and worthy male members (excepting

will triumph in the earth. Zion will Nauvoo, a temple must be erected; those who die in early youth, and the

be redeemed. a commonwealth must be estabfew who are of the seed of Cain ) are

to ordained an office in the Holy Tn 1844 the Prophet Joseph Smith lished. The Saints immediately planned Priesthood with opportunities

was martyred. The Saints looked, their civic affairs. Public servants progression therein. The entireof

not to the scholarly or the learned were chosen as needed. The evils Church is veritably a kingdom of

who vainly would have assumed prevalent in most frontier communipriests and kings who speak in the command, but to the one they knew ties were not found here. Different name of God the Lord.

presiding the Lord had called—the higher concepts and purposes and There is a democracy about the

officer, priesthood Brigham Young, lives of governed the the Saints. priesthood and its administration.

for so they had been taught by the Here were communities of brethren There is no distinction between soProphet.

sisters called prime objective and class whose upper class, lower and to bear off It was logical that the leadership was the kingdom is poor, neither rich and of God there disthe since priesthood, remain with triumphantly. tinction of as kingdom to The vocational God pursuits.

.. the "priesthood. holdeth key

first his their righteousness All of and are was accorded opportunity to the of the mysteries even kingdom, seeking. In these serve communities were with rights, equal and each the of of the key knowledge God."they sons of functions in men were the knew who respective office to

ordiPriesthood priesthood and ordained God, and servants which of God, he called has been orand this alone could continue nances peoto further in this his work. dained "according Even to the gifts and ple of as the chosen the Lord.

desert their land callings they "must be about of unto him."God Under after of the appointment Soon Father's business."this divine order, the banker, the

in President Brigham NauYoung doctor, the lawyer, the and businessIn the of development the West, evident that the voo, Saints it became could not remain at peace with their priesthood officers headed the colman, may be presided over by the "fishantagonizes. Again they were to be onization efforts and were blessed laborer and the tradesman. A erman"to may be called the apostleset apart and of on by the laying cities. driven from and their homes

ship, according to the for appointment their assignments. hands As new this spoke, time Again the Lord

through President Young, and incommunities were established, the of the Lord, or a man of great rein the structed the Church in the matter of people were counseled to walk in nown to serve as doorkeeper their westward trek: the Lord's way. The borders of Lord's house.

Zion must be enlarged and her All through these hundred years,

The Word and Will of the Lord constakes strengthened. Ecclesiastical men, young and old from all walks j

cerning the Camp of Israel in their journeyunits were promptly organized. The of life, have been ordained to the ings to the West:

Let all the people of the Church of Jesus influence of the Holy Priesthood Holy Priesthood and sent by the

Christ of Latterday Saints, and those who must be kept strong among the peotens of thousands to the far corners journey with them, be organized into comple, and close contact maintained of the earth to proclaim the everlastpanies, with a covenant and promise to with the prophets and apostles that ing gospel. They serve at their own

all the keep commandments and statutes of the Lord's way may be clearly deexpense, and without price. They our God. the Lord

Let the companies be organized with fined. return with firsthand knowledge of

captains of hundreds, captains of fifties, and the customs, habits, and educational captains of tens, with a president and his achievements of others, and by virtue two counselors at their head, under the diof these experiences in distant lands, of the rection Apostles. Twelve their lives greatly have been enthis shall our be And covenant—that we riched. Through the missionaryall will in the ordinances of the walk

Lord.... I am he who led the children of service priesthood influence has

Israel out of the land of Egypt; and my been and is felt even in the remote

arm is stretched out in the last days to save isles of the sea.

my people Israel. (D. & C. 136:1-4, 22.)

Priesthood has played and continIt was under priesthood direction ues to play an important role in that the Saints came to these mounthe lives and homes of the Lattertain vales; it was by the Holy Priestday Saints. In this day of great diverhood that the foundations of this sity and change, priesthood provides

commonwealth were laid. Foresight a solid mooring. Although priestthrough priesthood made the plans hood members frequently fall short

of longrange vision. There was no of their opportunities, their is,,

hurryscurry for the untold wealth through divine priesthood adminis-l of the region. Basic lasting values Priesthood through the century, tration, the possibility of perfecting

and immediate necessities had first now, as then, is a predominating their lives. i to be assured—shelter, food, clothinfluence in the lives of this people (Concluded on page 455) i

JULY 1947 439.EBITDRIRL

/Keloid Stort purposeto worshipin andlife, totheirlive asconvictions,free men. and their right

of a perspective hundred the with now, And

it easier it Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, and their success years, to of us that was some may seem sors and associates of the nineteenth century, for them because they had less of this world's have lived their lives, made their earthly record, goods to give up than we have. But it doesn't matand have gone to their reward. All that is unalterter whether he has much or little, what every man

able; and all the eloquence that we could bring to has is precious to him; and the test of his devotion

bear upon the subject would not begin to tell all isn't a matter of amount but of how faithfully he there is to tell in terms of lives touched, of comgives himself to a cause. He who has given all he

munities colonized, of homes made, of sacrifices has, has given all.

suffered. Their sacrifices were for truth, and they would

But insofar as it can be told, it has been told not have done what they did except for their conand retold, in monuments of stone, in documents viction of it; nor shall we and the generations to

of Church and State, in annually recurring oration, come, do what is expected of us except as we are in prose and verse and song, to children and their devoted to> the same principles and the same truth.

children's children, from generation to generation. What the future holds so far as we are individBut a centennial must have more significance ually concerned, no man has knowledge. But this

than mere recital of historical fact. It brings before much is certain: Whatever we accomplish that is

us the importance of the past for its effect upon the worth while, now or in the future, will be based present and the future, and the importance of living upon principles passed on to us by the pioneers.

in the present according to principles which have The superficial details and the outward fashions been proved in the past. may change from year to year, but the fundamenPresident Grant often told the story of a friend tals of living have not changed since their day—-nor

who said: "I would give everything I had in the will they. And we would be wantonly wasteful if

wide world if I had your testimony and your assurwe were to throw away their experience or comance of the purpose of life."promise their principles.

To which President Grant made a characteristiAll praise to the pioneers! Whatever of glory

cally frank reply: "That sounds very fine, but... we can add to their names will be only the glory

you do not have to give everything you have.... we add to our own. God grant that our children

"Now all you have to do to acquire that which and our children's children may have as much cause you say you would give everything in the world to be proud of us as we have to be proud of them. for is to make of yourself a better father, a better—R. L. E.

husband, a better citizen, and ask the Lord to forgive you for doing the things that he has revealed in our day men ought not to do. And after you

get a testimony of the gospel... as I have... we

Ujounq,jouna, ffobueman do not want all you have—we want you to keep vDriqham

ninety percent of it.... You don't have to give

would; say you is as you world, in to the everything

habits, and bad your is to give away like do you have to all Becausemake thenobilityhighestimmortal,use of humananniversariesmemory change your life, make a better individual of yourthe Centennial of Brigham Young's entrance self, and keep the commandments of God."into the valley of the Great Salt Lake are kept.

It has been a story of long standing that many Neither exalted office nor the popular acclaim of people at various times and in various places have his descendants made Brigham Young a nobleman;

verbally dedicated their lives and all that they have that came from the native talents of the man himto the Lord. And yet when it came to the inconself. A skilled painter and glazier, he was nonethevenience of controlling a few appetites or giving a less an aristocrat; poor stock never yet produced a

little time or substance or service, they have failed thoroughbred. He sought fulfilment of his destiny

to perform. by creative doing—he had purpose. Nobly he

Those who committed themselves to a cause and aspired to keep untainted his profound convictions;

to a westward course a hundred years ago were not nobly he sought to leave the world better than he dealing in conversation. They gave up every mafound it; nobly he carried high the torch for peace

terial claim in this world, or virtually so; but they and brotherhood—and nobly must we continue the

kept their selfrespect, their good conscience, their work of this nobleman, our Brigham Young! H.L.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CENTENNIAL HERITAGE

5y J-m5idevit Ljeorae Atlberf S>mltk

do not know when I have dom of heaven; but he that doeth the 1

felt happier or more grateful for the blessings will of my Father which is in heaven.

of life than I do at this time of the Centennial. {Matthew 7:21.)

We have much reason to thank our Heavenly

Father. It was in order that we might know what

When I realize that our people came from his will is towards his children that he gave a land rich agriculturally, made their way Joseph Smith, the boy prophet, the latterday across the great plains after being driven from revelation which resulted in the organization their comfortable homes in Nauvoo, and came of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday into this then desert waste to build up the Saints. Then some of the very stalwarts of

Church to the glory of God and to transform the earth were pricked in their hearts with a the desert, I know that I, for one, have much desire to know the truth, and the missionaries to be grateful for. of the Church sought them among the naSometime ago in traveling over a portion of tions, and the pilgrimage to this western

the old Pioneer trail I stood at the side of one world began. The community comforts that

grave containing bodies of fifteen of the memwe enjoy here are the result of their faith bers of this Church who gave their all for the and devotion.

cause, and passed on to their reward; hunThe only way we have of giving convincing

dreds of others also lie in unmarked graves. evidence of our gratitude is by honoring him

I have been many times on that trail over and keeping his commandments. That we may

which barefoot, hungry, and weary, in the so do, and in the end enjoy eternal life in the cold of winter and the heat of summer, thoucompanionship of one another, under the disands of our people made their way into this rection of our Lord and Master, Jesus Christ, valley, buoyed up with the hope that they I pray with all my heart.

could here worship God according to the dicThe Lord has said tates of their consciences. Today when I think

of this marvelous land in which we live, our worldfamed Temple Square, our homes and Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, farms, and our buildings that have been dedineither have entered into the heart of cated to the worship of our Father in heaven, man, the things which God hath pre- ( I Cor. it seems to me that we ought to examine ourpared for them that love him.

selves and check on our lives to see whether 2:9.)

or not we are living up to our privileges and are worthy of that which the Lord has given I humbly pray that the Lord may help us us. He has said: to appreciate our blessings and evidence it by

our conduct in life, and in the end receive

Not every one that saith unto me, from the Master that welcome home: "Well

Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdone."

JULY 1947 THE SPOKEN WORD 4 TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake

A * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio netBy RICHARD L EVANS work through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every

Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30 a.m.

Central Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

people, J-nncipled,r an f\econciuation with <JJeatk

All of us at times are disappointed in the actions of HPhere are few of us but who have been touched someothers. Perhaps there is no one who doesn't dishow by death. We may not have been touched

appoint someone some time by something he does or closely by it nor yet have kept vigil with it, but sooner fails to do. But it should not be thought so strange or later along our lives, most of us are sorely bereft of

that we should sometimes have cause to be disappointed someone near and deeply cherished—and all of us will

in others, because, being honest, we must admit that some day meet it face to face. Perhaps most of us feel

there are also times when we have cause to be disthat we could accept death for ourselves and for those appointed in ourselves. All of us do, unintentionally, we love if it did not so often seem to come with such

and perhaps intentionally at times, things of which we untimeliness. But we rebel when it so little considers

are not especially proud. We say things that we later our wishes or our readiness. Yet we may well ask

regret; we give way to thoughtlessness, carelessness, ourselves: When would we be willing to part with or

neglect. We often fail to live as well as we know how to part from those we love? And who is there among

to live. But it is not so much in our disappointment us whose judgment we would trust to measure out our

in people that danger lies, but in our failure to dislives? Such decisions would be terrible for mere men

tinguish between people and principles. If we were to make. But fortunately we are spared making them;

to use the misconduct of others, or departure from fortunately they are made by Wisdom higher than principle by others as a reason for our own departure ours. And when death makes its visitations among us,

from principle, we should have placed ourselves in a inconsolable grief and rebellious bitterness should have false position. If a principle is right, it doesn't matter no place. There must be no quarrel with irrevocable

who abuses it or who abandons it, it is still right. Befacts. Even when death comes by events which seem

cause our ideals may be now unattainable, it doesn't unnecessary and avoidable, we must learn to accept follow that we should discard them. Because a man what we cannot help. Indeed, the greatest blessing

professing honesty proves to be dishonest, it doesn't that can follow the death of those we love is reconciliamean that we should discard the principle of honesty. tion. Without it there is no peace. But with it come

If a man professing to be religious doesn't live as he quiet thoughts and quickened memories. And what

professes, it doesn't mean that we should abandon else shall a man do except become reconciled? What

religion, but rather that we should seek ways of making purpose does he serve by fighting what he cannot touch it more effective in our lives. If a man professing altruor by brooding upon what he cannot change? We

ism serves selfinterest, it doesn't destroy the desirabilhave to trust the Lord God for so many things, and it ity of altruism. If we are looking for such superficial is but one thing more to trust him in the issues of

excuses to abandon principles, we shall surely need life and of death, and to accept the fact that his plans not look far. If we are looking for offense, we surely and promises and purposes transcend the bounds of

shall find it, for this is not a world of perfection. But this world and of this life. With such faith the years

if we can cling to the principle of perfection as an are kind, and peace and reconciliation do come to those ideal to be sought after, we are on the right road, no who have laid to rest their loved ones—who, even in

matter how slowly we may move. Therefore, disturbdeath, are not far removed from us, and of whom our

ing as may be our disappointment in people, it need Father in heaven will be mindful until we meet again, not be too serious so long as we accept and pursue even as we are mindful of our own children. Bitter

sound principles. But if we abandon or seek to disgrief without reconciliation serves no good purpose.

credit principles because people are not perfect, that is Death comes to all of us, but so does life everlasting serious.—May 4, 1947. 'Revised—May 25, 1947.

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRDM TEMPLE SDUHRE

not acute, no time when we are not hurt by thought-r Jlme for Kemembememt?ennf old, for there is no time of life when our feelings are

lessness or neglect. All have need to be loved, underjn excellent authority we may say that "there is... stood, remembered.o a time to every purpose under... heaven."1 And—May 11, 1947.

we should like to consider this a time for remembering.

Looking forward from our youth and looking back after youth has passed present two vastly different pictures. As parents we see the future in our children. ferduadion, Mvitkontu, and J't"orce

But as children we see the future in ourselves. When

we are young, parents may look very old to us, even as we look very young to them. And all of us change so rE have heard much of such words as arbitration,

negotiation, conciliation. They have come to be gradually that we may not know when it is that we are W

looked upon as being old by others. The generations technical terms, with many shades of meaning, but

come and go, with time moving all things on their way, their allover sense implies the settling of disagreements with children becoming parents, parents becoming without physical force or open warfare. Such proceedgrandparents, and youth growing up to take their ings often involve important organizations or powerplaces, while others move on, as life endlessly unfolds. ful nations. But something similar may also often be

There are times when we would stay the step of time. needed in dissolving private difficulties, both with chilThere are days we wish would linger longer. But time dren and with adults. There are many ways of handling

will not be stayed. There are times, with our children children even as there are many ways of handling

can use love, kindness, patience, peraround us, when we would like to keep them as they grown men. We

suasion, reason, authority, force. a sometimes And life. from But children up. pass, grow Daysare—safe combination of almost all of them is needed. Both yearsand the good and the bad move on at the same

measured pace, although to us it seems the good move children and adults respond to these various methods faster and the bad drag with agonizing slowness. There in about the same way. Some measure of authority

are times when we have with us mothers, fathers, loved and physical persuasion cannot always be avoided.

ones, and assume that it will always be so. But it is Certainly we cannot forever wait for an obdurate man

not always so. And then there come those times when to make up his mind to comply with law, nor can we

our hearts cry out for a turning back of the hours and sit up all night waiting for a tiny tot to make up his the years, as the poet pleaded: mind that he is willing to go to bed. But it is almost

always desirable to labor long by other means first—for

with unreasoning force we may create further resist- "Backward, turn backward, O Time, in your flight, ance; we may make understanding impossible, or we

Make me a child again just for tonight! may break the will of a child or a man. And a man or

Mother, come back from the echoless shore, a child either with a broken or a hardened will is a

Take me again to your heart, as of yore; pitiable creature. But as long as we can keep negotiaKiss from my forehead the furrows of care, littletions authorityon the basisas circumstancesof reason andsuggest,persuasion,we havewith aa

Smooth the few silver threads out of my hair; chance of moving men to conversion and cooperation

Over my slumbers your loving watch keep, by their own free will. The mere fact that we have

Rock me to sleep, Mother, rock me to sleep."the authority and the power to do a thing doesn't mean

that the of doing best way physical force. it is by "He—Elizabeth Akers Allen that complies against is his will, opinion of his own

still."And whenever a situation deteriorates into the

But time does not turn back. It moves its measured use of force and force alone, it is evidence that someone

course. And so on this day, set aside for mothers and has failed somewhere, and that we have lost something

for memories, let there be a renewal of thoughtfulness that we can't afford to lose.

from the old to the young, and from the young to the 'Butler, Hudibras 1Ecclesiastes 3:1—May 18, 1947.

JULY 1947 443

JL EDUCATIONAL LEVEL

o seek knowledge and convert been made for roads in the wilderDm <U-)r. s/okn Sv. lA/idtsoe it into wisdom is a part of the ness, was the chartering in 1850 of a j OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

religion of the Latterday university, the first west of the MisSaints. This explains their remarksouri River.

able educational history and present Since then the people, despite the standing. toil of compelling a stubborn desert

to serve civilized man, have fostered

Some Historical Highlights the training of the mind, with all the

Within a year of the organization attendant arts and cultures.

of the Church, in 1831, provision The need and value of education was made for schools, teachers, and have never been forgotten by the

Latterday Saints, despite the maschoolbooks. A litterial cost. 1

a tle later, in 1833, school for mature What are the results of this cenabout nine in a thousand were in atmen, known as the turylong support of education? tendance at colleges and universities

for the twice the of average School inconducted. survey also the ProphNear the Beginning of the—nearlyUnited States. ets was The

Century, 1850 dicated a large preponderance of This anticipated the 700—present worldwide '"The Latterday Saints have always college graduates, and holders of movement for adult been a literate people. The masters'and doctors'degrees above

education. In 1842, seventh census of the United States any other group of like numbers in

when the Missouri was taken in 1 850. In that year the America or the world.

refugees were buildaverage percentage of illiteracy in the United States was 4.92. The

Utah percentage was only 0.25, the * -X -K -X -#. * *

lowest of the states and territories cited. 2... seek ye diligently and teach

In 1 923 a careful educational surone another words of wisdom;

vey of the stakes of Zion showed that yea, seek ye out of the best books the literacy of the words of wisdom; seek learning,

even by study and also by faith.

Men of Achievement by Dr. reported as;'";%

f. L. Thorndike of * * -K * * *

UniverColumbia sity. Utah led the

national average by a wide margin. Confirmation by the United

States Office of Education

No similar study has since been made, but surveys made by the United States Office of Education confirm the leadership of the Latterday Saints in the field of education;

for example, the latest government- $$$M#W4 theal survey,state of194244,Utah (aboutreportsseventythat in four percent Mormon) twentyfour percent of the young people between ing the city of Nauvoo, a university Church was about ninetyseven perfifteen and seventeen years of age was founded. cent. It was found that about sixty attend high school, as against nineOn the trek westward, following Latterday Saints in every thousand teen percent in the United States;

the expulsion from Nauvoo, school attended high school—more than and that 4.5 percent of the school

sessions were held in the moving three times the average for the population are graduated from high camps. A few weeks after reaching United States at that time; and that school as against 3.3 percent in the

Salt Lake Valley, school instruction xFor the detailed history of education in the Church United States. Were the Latterday

was begun in the sageencircled, see(1939);MormonismThe Historyand Education,of Public Educationby M. Lynnin Utah,Bennionby Saints in Utah treated as a separate

pioneer log cabins. One of the first John Clifton Moffitt (1946) group, the percentages in their favor

legislative acts, after provision had theSuperintendentCensus of 1850.J. p.D.152B. Denbow. Compendium of would be larger. More students

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A

of tL LATTERDAY SAINTS

an, d iKichard <=L. (L-vans to"onedetermineof the purposesthe approximateof this bookposiis

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY tion of each state"in the "educationRankPopulation,of StatesRuralAccordingand Urban,to 25PercentageYears Old of al procession in America."* or Over Who Have Had Any High School

In this work the relative performEducation,cording 1940,to RankingStates Arrangedfor Rural Acance of the states is measured by the Farm Population following criteria:

1. accomplishment, in education Rank

Rural Rural [Utah, 1st place] farm nonfarm Urban Total State 2. ability to support education

[Utah, 32nd place] Utah...... 21 21 41 21

Massachusetts....... 3 3 10 4

10 15 29 4 New Hampshire..... 3. the degree in which

... 4 5 5 6 accomWyoming

... 3 6 6 8 Vermont is plishment commensurate graduate from college in Utah, in

... 11 12 10 7 Idaho

proportion to the state population, with ability [Utah, 1st place] Oregon... 8 9 9 9

7 5 5 10 Nevada...

... 10 13 11 16 than in any other state. 4. the degree of effort to provide ColoradoWashington... 9 8 6 6

Evidence from the Selective for education [Utah, 4th place] CaliforniaTexas...... 1312 116 141 133

Service 5. efficiency of educational effort NebraskaIowa... 1514 1419 128 1416

18 17... 16 23

26 44 18 17 New York 27 43 26 18 Island... HPhe general high level of education [Utah, 1st place] KansasRhode

... 24 19 16 42

20 25 24... 20 among the Latterday Saints is 6. educational level of the adult ConnecticutIndiana

reflected also in the reports of the population'[Utah, 1st place] Ohio Montana...... 2220 2120 2118 2117

12 selective last 16 service of the 13 23 war. Michigan At The first, "ac 19 27 15 24 Delaware...

service, entering the time of the the.. 22 23 20.. 25 Arizona complishment 25 32 25 30 status educational of all the was men 29 46 25 25 IllinoisNew Jersey is in education,"ad32 19 28 27 Dakota South official determined. report The dis500—.. 28 15 29 35 Oklahoma in this study judged

.. 23 22 30 29 the - states cusses that furnished men

.. 33 31 26 45 greatest Mexico to of be FloridaNew

.. 38 39 32 38 Carolina North of least education, conthen and

.. relative importance. 40 33 39 36 Carolina... South

tinues: Missouri 34 33 36 33

.. 48 36 30 35 Maryland Hughes, WilRaymond M. the the other extreme mountain At was 41 31 46 36 Pennsylvania Lancelot, liam Education—H.

.. 40 39 36 state 37 inGeorgia of of only 9.4 percent with Utah Iowa America's Magic, The

31 46 38 28 Mississippi State Press, Ames. College enlistees less ductees completed having and 44 28 39. 39 North Dakota.. Iowa, 1946, 6 p.

41 37 30 40 Virginia 18.5 percent school, than year of high Inone of eEffort—percentage.. 32 35 40 38 Wisconsin all education, spent on come least colof at having completed one year.. 22 30 33 42 Minnesota private public and

.. 41 34 44 43 Tennessee lege, the of years school Lancelot, and median com8See and Hughes

.. 42 43 33 44 Alabama cit., 9-11, op. 48, 51. 49, pp. school, pleted being years of or high two.. 44 20 37 45 Arkansas 57, 73, 63, 67, 70. 78 77,

42 42 47 46 Louisiana national the average.8 one above (Continued 446) page on.. 48 45 47 47 Kentucky

West Virginia 48 48 35 47 "r 7 K r- 'r- -r 300—Source: 16th U. S. Census, Population, Series P-6,

in percentages as follows: Rural farm, 8.3 Jt is impossible for a man to be TableRanges

saved in ignorance. 41.7;to 37.6;TotalRuralpopulation,nonfarm, 18.116.6 toto 40.9.41.2; Urban, 25.8 to

-k'V * * T<—Minnesota Bulletin 377

The first of the recent nongovern200—II Men of Science. Survey

mental evidences here to be cited dikemade inby theDr. 1938E. L. editionThorn-

—America'scomes from a Magicbook titledby EducationDr. Rayof "AmericanScience."Men of

mond M. Hughes, president emeritus of Iowa State College, and 100—

William H. Lancelot, professor of

vocational education at Iowa State

College. From this book, published

and copyright by the Iowa State

College Press at Ames, Iowa, in 1946, we quote and reproduce o—WIIMHHBSBIIIIn graphs by permission. f#W&#fW*

The authors'preface states that #/*.\s,&&*/*&'fflfrtfy.

Reemployment Bulletin No. 2

JULY 1947 445

THE EDUCATIONAL LEVEL OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS

(Continued from page 445) Rank of States According to the Percentage of ment, Utah was the highest and led

Rural Population Farm White authors The go on to compare Utah Native state, 1617 the nearest Massachusetts, by of School, Years Attending Agewith other nearby and remote states percent. about twenty In the number 1940 1930 and

by other criteria in numerous inof men of science, Utah was the stances throughout this volume. For Percent Points highest and led the nearest state,

example, on page 61 appears this attending Rank gainedor Colorado, by about thirty percent.

statement: State inschool1940 1940 1930 (—)lost In science, certainly, and in achievement, probably, success implies preAbility to support no means education by

thedetermines accomplishment of any given WashingtonUtah 81.087.5 21 31 1 vious education.

—2 Further corroborative evidencestate in education. Some, like Utah and CaliforniaOregon 77.676.4 34 26

Kansas, while only moderately "able,"rank Idaho 76.3 5 5 appears in The Scientific Monthly

6 75.4 Nevada 4—2 invery high accomplishment, apparently in article Dr. 1943 72.9 an 7 Kansas 3 by 10 for May, *holding education in high putesteem and Ohio 72.8 8 8 called of the Thorndike "Origin 12 72.0 3 9 Wyomingting forth effort it great to for their provide

71.2 Montana 5 10 15 folthe Superior from which Men,"... people. Strikingyoung are Indiana examples 11 70.8 9—

70.1 Connecticut 41 12 29 isseen in lowing the quoted Delaware Utah, of and former

67.9 13 27 New York 14

fifth ability inwhich ranks thirtyfourth Mississippi and 67.5 7 7 14

Massachusetts 15 28in accomplishment, the while latter ranks that the therefore conclude 65.9 Hampshire.... 66.4 We may New 16 14—213

thirtysecond first in ability Colorado and in accom64.9 17 17 is of surely superior production an not men

Oklahoma 64.2 18 18plishment.7 affiliation slight that accident, a it has only Nebraska 63.8 19 25 6

62.8 Mexico New 20 13—7 related it is closely that income, to

Iowa 1 with 62.6 21 22

residing the kind of persons England 1 in New The conclusion of the study is Maine 62.5 21 22

South Dakota 61.9 23 31 in the Idaho, block formed 8 and by Colorado,that:

61.8 New Jersey 24 34 Utah, Dakota, North South Dakota, and Arizona 61.5 25 16—910

59.9 26 20—6 that 1870 to from 1900, and Wyoming, place has first Utah Island among the states by TexasRhode 59.1 27 45 18

. the these persons from diverged probably Illinois. 58.3.. 28 32 margin.a wide 4

Michigan 58.2 29 38 9 qualities the of the country toward average ranking thirtysecond Pennsylvania in ability 58.1 While to 44 30 14 learn in to read, persons 1930 which make Delaware 57.7 31 30—1 educationsupport with of an income only Florida 57.5 32 11—21 school, public high from graduate spend

it child, South still Carolina effort, fourth per in 57.1$1,680 and 33 24 9

libraries rather funds roads than and on Alabama 56.8 34 23—11 first inranks educational accomplishment,

.... Missouri 55.7 35 43 8 their homicide, avoid sewers, homes, own Louisianain is the in degree 55.4 which accomplishment 36 34—2

...e etc. syphilis, free from be North Carolina 55.0 37 29—8 ability, incommensurate efficiency, with and Vermont 54.5 38 33—5

Virginiain the level of adult 53.2 education. 39 36—3

Minnesota 52.7 40 47 7

to This of Educational appears Causes almost be due North to wholly Dakota 52.6 41 40—1

Georgia 52.5 42 37—5the high placed value the education on by Leadership Arkansas 51.7 43 19—24

.people of Utah, efficiency coupled with high Wisconsin 51.5 44 48 4

Maryland 50.6 45 46in the expenditure of funds to devoted all results, but from one non- 1 HHhese 46 25—21school this purposes. Indeed, Virginia West combination 47.8 41 47—6

Kentucky are so sources, concord32.2 Mormon 48 39—9of effort great in efficiency high and the

utilization of school funds seems to have ant that the high educational level operated in a remarkable manner to overSource: 16th U. S. Census, Population, Vol. II. of the Latterday Saints must be adcome the handicap of relatively low ability.—Minnesota Bulletin 377 mitted by all.

outclasses Utah easily all other states in Dr. Edward L. Thorndike's Study The question may well be asked,overall in education.8 performance

on Men of Science what is the cause of this leadership?

the Saints history of Latterday The to the Added of weight the foreAnother Study from Minnesota of severe, bloody, sometimes one is going, that of a study by is made battle persecution, of constant with Professor L. Edward Thorndike. corroborative evidenceCither condesert the elements, the as was Dr. Thorndike, professor emeripointing to a similar conclusion It fairly expected quered. could be tus of Columbia University, underbulletin from acomes Dr. by Lowry little that could time found by be took to determine the origins of the EducationNelson on Farm of arts, gentler for the a people such America's of men achievement and in inPopulation issued Minnesota cultivation the the of mind. and of science. men This at was done the Agricultural 1944 ExbyJune is twofold. probably answer The the request of the Carnegie FoundaStationperiment of the University First, habit a becomes hard work tion for Educational Advancement. is thisof Minnesota. study While live, to those conquer must with who, turned to the three He standardabout Minnesota not about and also builds elements. the work Hard compilations: in Who's AmerWho all in tabulations the of theUtah, rises bodies. strong seldom One ica, in Leaders Education, and states,fortyeight for comparative scale within the educational high American Science. All Men of who firstpurposes, again ranks Utah applicaclose a and out sound body had been found of inclusion worthy states the to as percenttheamong in tion study. in these books classified were acrural native of whiteage farm population of high school age (1617) atcording to the place of their birth. Second, the chief cause of Latteris in education, Saint excellence number of distinguished in day men the The school,tending and first among

the lifephilosophy is taught which achievement or in science or in both years oldstates of those twentyfive and over who have had any high in proportion to the population was all members, and which they are enschool education, as follows: determined for each state in the joined to practise in their lives. They

Union. are taught to seek all sound knowl61 "Ibid., p.

8Ibid.. pp. 4041 In the number of men of achieveBThe Scientific Monthly. May 1943

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..........,,,.,

THE EDUCATIONAL LEVEL OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS

edge with the added principle that funds, religion has always been a Conclusion "the glory of God is intelligence."part of the curriculum. When the At the close of the first century

To learn is part of the gospel that schools became state supported, a since the pioneers undertook to make they profess. The Latterday Saint system of supplementary seminaries the great deserts of the West their

student conceives his school work to and institutes was organized, suphome, the Latterday Saints present be part of his purposeful preparation ported by Church funds, in which a picture of educational achievement for eternal life and joy. religious training is offered, at consecond to none in America or in the

With this doctrine in mind the venient, free hours to high school world.

Church has always made religion and college students. Moreover, the An enviable foundation has been

accompany secular education. The Church maintains Brigham Young laid, upon which, let us hope and

training of the whole man has been University and the Ricks Junior Colpray, an even greater educational the objective of Latterday Saints. lege, in both of which religion is structure may be built in the coming

In schools maintained by Church freely taught. years.

Average Years of Schooling Completed by Adults TwentyPercentage of Income Devoted to Education in the FortyFive Years of Age and Older Eight States

YEARS PERCENTAGE STATE 5 6 10 STATE 4 5 6 7 10

Utah South Dakota.

California New Mexico.

Oregon North Dakota.

Nevada Utah Washington Idaho Wyoming Oklahoma....

Idaho Kansas Colorado Arizona Iowa Wyoming Nebraska North Carolina Vermont Mississippi Kansas Iowa Montana Montana Maine South Carolina Massachusetts. Louisiana

New Hampshire Nebraska South Dakota. Colorado

Ohio Texas Michigan i Minnesota Minnesota Vermont, Indiana Wisconsin Illinois Indiana, Connecticut West Virginia.

North Dakota. Oregon,

Wisconsin California Delaware Alabama New York Tennessee.....

Oklahoma New jersey Missouri New Hampshire New Jersey Pennsylvania..

Arizona Nevada, Pennsylvania.. Washington

Florida New York...

Texas Michigan Rhode Island. Arkansas

Maryland Missourv West Virginia. Kentucky

Virginia Virginia New Mexico.. Ohio

Tennessee Georgia Kentucky Florida North Carolina. Illinois

Georgia Massachusetts.

Alabama Rhode Island.

Mississippi Connecticut South Carolina. Maine........

Louisiana Maryland Arkansas Delaware

10 10

WESTWARD WITH THE SAINTS

(Concluded from page 436) black crickets of an enormous size ever, did not last long. Lewis B.

dikes, etc., but there is no fear, if to be seen here—on these the bears Myers & one of Bro. Crow's sons

we continue to serve the Lord with are supposed to subsist in winter have gone out hunting, taking pack full purpose of heart, but that he which down them with great vorachorses with them intending to be will provide us with every thing ity. They would also doubtless be gone a month or two in order to get

essential to our future comfort & good for the fattening of hogs. It their supply of meat for the winter

happiness. One thing I omitted to again commenced raining about 9—they left yesterday.

mention, viz. There are numerous o'clock this evening, which, how- ( The end)

JULY 1947 447.

used and maintained as good land only through obedience to the laws of conservation.

Palestine, after three thousand years, is no longer the good land it was in the time of Moses. Primitive

grazing and primitive agriculture have reduced much of it to a scarred

ATERS... and unproductive country. On the

ur Meeniaaeitt an J 9

jfor tke itrenath of the

hills u/ bleu /A.

other hand, the West is still a goodly land, but in a few respects it is beginning to show some of the scars and abrasions of unwise use.

About threethirty on the afternoon of July 24, 1946, in the canyon east of Mt. Pleasant, Utah,

a rainstorm occurred that lasted about an half hour. Inadequate plant

Figure 1. A part of the watershed on which the Mt. Pleasant cover and gullied soil on the waterflood of July 24, 1946, originated. An elaborate system of

gullies, developed over many years as plant cover was damaged or destroyed, quickly'concentrated the rainfall into a raging torrent.

rjulylooked into1847,SaltBrighamLake ValleyYoungand unlikephysicalMoses'and spiritual.view fromIt wasMountnot

said, "This is the place!"PhysiNebo as he gazed across the Jordan

cally, it was the place because it was at the "Promised Land"of Palestine a goodly land with deep, rich soil at which he himself was never to enter.

the mountains'base, abundant grass As with the Children of Israel, the both on the hillsides and in the valLord brought these pioneers ley, and enough timber for the com-...into a good land, a land of brooks of

munities.he intended to found. water, of fountains and depths that spring

From wellvegetated watersheds out of valleys and hills;..

came streams of clear and wholesome water fit for human consumpAnd their leader foresaw tion and ready to be used for irriga- A land of wheat, and barley, and vines tion. Except for destruction by... and honey;

beaver, the resources were intact. A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing

President Young and his assoin it;... (Deut. 8:7-9.)

ciates regarded the intermountain region as a "promised land"where This promise, like other promises the Latterday Saints might live in of the Lord to his people, was no rishFigureCreek,2. DavisViews County.of a floodproducingAbove: Contourtrenchingarea on Parpeace and safety, and ultimately doubt predicated on obedience to the ventand reseedingflood runoffwere doneafter onvegetationthis area inwas1934destroyed.to preBelow: area in 1946 after the plant The same

reestablished.carve out secure wellbeing—both governing principles. Land can be cover had been

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shed, brought about by overgrazing, the 1946 flood. This is no indictment terrace trenches. Later, when repermitted waters to accumulate in against grazing, for properly conseeded grasses had become estabflood volume and sweep down the trolled grazing does not destroy the lished, they greatly increased the

canyon and through the town. The protective value of the plant cover, ability of the watershed to absorb

power plant was damaged; streets, torrential rains. In 1934 a summer

lawns, and gardens were covered \T7illard, North Ogden, Farmingrain of only 0.47 inch crossed the

with silt, gravel, and boulders; and ton, Centerville, and Salt Lake head of Ford Creek. One headwater

basements of residences and busiCity have all, within less than twenfork had been treated and produced ness houses were flooded. It cost tyfive years, suffered destructive no flood waters. The other fork still

floods that originated on deteriorathad gully channels open from preed watershed lands. Beginning in vious floods. Waters collected here

1933, control measures, consisting so effectively that boulders nine feet principally of terrace trenches and in diameter were carried out of the seeding to grasses, were undertaken canyon.Oldaatlon

on damaged parts of the watersheds In 1 945 when Salt Lake City suffered a flood through the City CemBy DR. GEORGE STEWART etery and into adjacent parts of

OF THE Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD AND ECOLOGIST RANGE EXPERIMENT STATION, U.S. FOREST SERVICE town, heavy rainfall also struck on

the treated areas on the Davis County watersheds. No flood collected

Centerville or above beFarmington than more dolthousand a hundred Centerville, above Farmington, and the cause terraces the reseeded and lars to the debris remove and make Willard. Such areas only up made plant cover absorf>,c tQ were the

repairs. ten of the about total percent waterRainfall water the on Davis Coun,

An examination of the watershed ty watersheds was the most intense after the storm showed that the vegdownpours was at first caught in the (Concluded on page 450) etation on twentytwo percent of it had been so badly damaged through Figure 3. Views

unwise use that only about one third justof thenorthwatershedof Salt of the water percolated into the soil, LakeAbove:City Acemetery.part of llllli

in leaving two thirds to run off. Most the1944.areaTheburnedfire inof the floodwaters collected on this jured the plant covtwenty-two percent as shown by erthe andplant destroyedlitter on

channels, some faint, some clearcut, mittingthe ground,rainfallperto small and large, depending on the Ascollecta resultinto soilfloods.deamount and velocity of running wavelopedmany centuriesduringwas

ter. All the channels came from the washed away in a

relatively small areas on which the few minutes.

vegetation had been injured. No

such telltale marks of running water led from the remainder of the watertheBelow:nearbyA unturnpart of

shed where the vegetation and litter gooded areacoverwhere ofa were at least fairly wellpreserved, cheatgrass and an although they were in the path of abundantlation of litteraccumuab- the storm. sorbedfall, producingall the rainno

Mt. Pleasant has suffered from grassesrunoff. arePerennialstill

several other floods within a generamorecheatgrass.effective than

tion, all as a result of overgrazing on the watershed. The flood of 1918

was even more destructive than the one of 1946. Until the plant cover is

restored, other floods will come as surely as heavy summer rains occur.

The total value of the forage on the 1,744 acres of damaged watershed land is worth not more than a small fraction of the repair costs of

JULY 1947 449 MOUNTAIN WATERSOUR HERITAGE AND OBLIGATION (Concluded from page 449) ferent kinds and amounts of vegetaneed is to provide for moderate utilthat has ever been recorded in Utah. tion, establish beyond question the ization of the forage, and the second

Records from ten recording gauges fact that vegetation plays a fundaneed is to increase forage by reseedgave intensities of about six inches mental role in watershed protection. ing. Reseeding on the watershed, if

an hour for the five minute period Vegetation and litter on a wellproperly done and thereafter corwhich marked the most rapid rainpreserved watershed permits the rectly managed, will in a few years fall. Although the rainfall above the water from intense rains to percolate restore the protective influence of the

City Cemetery is not known, at the into the soil, while the lack of vegetaplant cover on the watershed.

Salt Lake airport it was 3.6 inches tion and litter permits up to threeReseeding on lower range lands

an hour for the most intense five fourths of the rainfall to run off the that are deteriorated will ordinarily minute period. On the mountain surface which erodes the soil and produce enough forage to permit the

3.09 inches total water fell, and at produces destructive floods. These removal of part of the livestock that

the airport, 1.52 inches. are not matters of opinion. They graze on the higher waterproducing

Salt Lake City was flooded beare scientific facts, and form the areas and thereby lessen the grazing cause a fire in 1944 had burned over basis for scientific application of use. Where the cover is badly dam-

a part of this watershed, consuming needed remedies. aged, and where the flood danger to

not only the standing vegetation but communities is very great, reseedalso the dead plant material that ing can be made to produce enough had accumulated on the ground, forage to care temporarily for alt known as litter. The floodwaters livestock that graze on such watercollected within the boundaries of sheds. Utah has five million acres

the burned area. On the unburned in the sagebrush zone which need

area, the plant cover and the acreseeding, and is capable of produccumulated litter kept the watershed ing good yields of forage, and, when porous enough to enable the 1945 properly reseeded and managed, will rain waters to* percolate as fast as greatly decrease grazing pressure they came. The gulley channels on on the wateryielding lands. All

the source area are still open and '"There are simple and effective other western states are confronted similar problems by and have at to collect if another floodwaterready measures, which, if applied on their disposal similar opportunities. strikesintense storm on the watersheds, north community will cause

of plant Destruction cover on wafoothills.Salt Lake the destroying floods to pass them tersheds is therefore shortsighted. that conditions augWatershed by. are in necessary Just two things

It the of endangers welfare whole intensify floods andment no are by fire cases: most (1 ) adequate concommunities. leave uncorrected To limited to Utah. Sanmeans The trol conservative the use and of threat the plant from covdamaged rivers theGabriel Los Angeles and timber resources, forage and and er, to areas ten amounting on only inin California flooded badly have flood of sediment and ( 2 ) restoration or percent of the twenty area of years, as also therecent has Meadareas source intensive treatment by floods drainages are from which in Valley Nevada.ow Wash artificial as such reseeding conand is likely to gambling with come, has Arizona,Chandler, deluged been tour trenching. to perIn order be welfare a tremendous on human Creek. Rio Queens Grandeby The fectly clear, let restate that us propis scale. just that Yet is being whatin offended has Mexico New reerly timber grazing and managed

in watersheds done on Utah many in particularlypeatedly, August cutting the plant destroy not do states. surrounding and heavi- 1 929, Albuquerque was when cover.

ly inundated. In Colorado both Where plant cover has been reHPhe situation is so serious that

Cherry Creek near Denver and duced until the area is largely a something should be done imFountain Creek near Colorado scar, vigorous corrective measures mediately to restore the damaged

Springs have flooded destructively. are needed. On such areas the first areas and to prevent others from

Wyoming, Idaho, and eastern Orestep is to remove alt grazing. If gulbeing similarly damaged. Condigon have also had their lessons. In lies are already formed, terrace tions in other parts of the intermouneach case either overgrazing or fire trenches may be necessary. On neartain west are very much the same

has damaged the vegetation and conly bare areas where rain beats diand also need effective attention.

tributed to intensity and frequency rectly on the soil, percolation is so Measures that restore and protect of floods. In fact, damaged plant reduced that surface runoff occurs. plant cover, besides mitigating

cover and soil erosion are the inIf runoff is rapid, gullies form, and flood damage, will also lessen soil evitable results of unmanaged grazonce formed, they are ready to funerosion, and therefore decrease the ing or carelessness with fire. With nel the water of the next storm down amount of silt being carried into

deteriorated plant cover, floods can the slopes. Terrace trenches are water storage reservoirs. We canbe expected with the occurrence of employed to break up such a gully not afford a type of land manageintense storms on the damaged area. system and to hold the water from ment that in fifty to seventyfive

Long years of careful study and torrential storms until it percolates years reduces grazing capacity, prorepeated measurements of runoff into the soil. duces destructive stream flow, and

from plots, together with many inOn areas with a plant cover anylessens the storage capacity of vital filtration studies on sites with difwhere near normal, however, the first reservoirs.

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH MOVES ONlellNIKRSP 100 lean Maof

By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"VSThen the Pioneers arrived in Utah "A Staff for Old Glory"How beautiful upon the mountains are the tidings, that in to bringeth that feet they 1847, were good of him make Battalion, of the Mormon their \Xembers tidings that hringeth good peace; old lake bed. Bonnean on Lake home

Fort Moore in who built saith that salvation; publisheth that Los Anpublishethof good, ville thounearly twenty covered once

sand square miles of western Utah, geles, were dispatched to the San Berunto Zion, Thy God reigneth!

others, Mountains, with some the voice; shall lift up watchman Thy and nearby sections of Nevada and nardino

that sing: tallest trees shall they to fell the they the voice together could with Idaho. for find for a flagpole, so that Fort Moore they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord

could be appropriately dedicated in shall bring again Zion. (Isaiah 52:7, 8.)

HThe maximum fixed water level of Los Angeles'first observance of InLake Bonneville, the Bonneville dependence Day, July 4, 1847. At Fort Bridger

re- "Dort Bridger was reached by the Piolevel, was about one thousand feet A long time passed before they above the present Great Salt Lake and turned, and the authorities were visibly neers on July 7, 1847. In the words

would cover the homes of about ninety worried. Finally a large cloud of dust of Orson Pratt

percent of the present inhabitants of was seen on the old Mission Road and adjoining consists of Bridger's post two groaning creaking and and soon much in Salt the Utah, Square Temple with picket dirt roofs, small a houses, log and It flagpole the heard. was music was feet of water. under 850 City Lake eight in set the about ground of logs yard trunks, tree returning with caravan, two its lake the reached maximum When and of squaws, feet men, high. number The feet the long, other ninety about one rising the extent, Bonneville after from in lodges other children those halfbreed and

feet, the seventyfive mounted on about it level, to started the overflow through Tribe] the to belonging [nearby, Snake north end of Cache Valley, through axles of twelve cartetas (twowheeled may be about 50 or 60. I took some astroSwan Lake Pass where the Union carts ). Each tree trunk was hauled by nomical observations, which gave for the

Pacific Railroad now runs, and into twenty yoke of oxen with an Indian latitude of the post, 41 degrees, 19 minutes, the Snake, then the Columbia River and driver for each ox. 13 seconds. By a means of two barometriinto the Pacific Ocean. The river The Mormons were singing a song cal observations taken on the 7th and 8th,

the of the level calculated height above the with fought party of Zion. had The four rapidly hundred channeled down

the feet. from distance 6,665 sea The was staff for the hostile Indians. Thus was feet until limestone it reached hard a

miles. very Mosquitoes Pass South is 109H to accompanied AnLos Glory Old level, level, elevathe the Provo same troublesome. and numerous spliced, trunks, a geles. made Two city, the tion as on bench and Provo

which the State Capitol rests. The flagpole 150 feet high. At Fort Bridger some of the brethren

campuses of Brigham Young Univer- "The First Sabbath"succeeded in trading for buckskins to sity, University of Utah, and Utah 'TpHE Pioneers came together in a worreplace their wornout clothing.

State Agricultural College are also located on the Provo level. shipful mood that pleasant Sunday "And They Were Gathering"

at ten o'clock, 25, 1847, morning of July has approximation been made of An in the circle of their There encampment. the Church members number of

T ater evaporation exceeded the water they were successively addressed by and their location, as the year 1847 intake until the lake shrunk to the Elders George A. Smith, Heber C. closed:

present Great Salt Lake, which now Kimball, and Ezra T. Benson of the

evaporates about five feet of water Council of the Twelve. The speakers Great Salt Lake Valley 1,900- 2,000

Quarters, Nebraska, gratification at prosWinter the all expressed from its surface each year.

5,000- 8,000 and vicinity satiswell before them, pects and were fied with the country to which they had Mount Pisgah, Iowa 1,000- 2,000 500- 1,000 Grove, Iowa building Garden Elder on Smith highcome. spoke the levels, in particular, Ceveral 500- 1,000 County, Lee Iowa in the mountains. tops of the a temple est or Bonneville level and the Provo Illinois, 100and vicinity.. 200 Nauvoo,

level, can be seen as benches running Elder Kimball referred specifically to St. Louis, Missouri 200300

around the base of the mountains where the manifold blessings with which the Eastern states (scattered) 5,00010,000 the lake shore was for long periods. brethren had been favored during their Southern states (scattered).... 2,000- 3,000

The first complete exploration of Great travels. Not a man, woman, or child California:

Salt Lake was made by a party under had died during the journey. In the aftMormon Battalion at San

Captain Howard Stansbury in 1 84950, ernoon the whole congregation partook Diego 80 and of Lake Bonneville by G. K. Gilof the sacrament of the Lord's supper Mormon Battalion at Sutbert whose work was published in 1 890. for the first time in the valley, and the ter's Mill 120

people were addressed by Wilford Brooklyn (Sam Brannan's)

Woodruff, Orson Pratt, and Willard company and scattered.... 200

pN route to the valley of the Great Richards. Although still feeble with GreatEnglandBritain: 10,000

Salt Lake, the Pioneers were enmountain fever and hardly able to stand Wales 1,900 couraged by James Bridger's report, as on his feet, President Young was still Scotland 2,000 recorded by William Clayton, of "plenthe lawgiver, giving advice on living in Ireland 40 ty of timber on all the streams and the new land. Remarks were also made Society Islands 2,000

mountains and abundance of fish in the by Lorenzo D. Young, John Pack, and Worldwide (scattered) 4,160

streams,"and around Utah Lake others. Elder Pratt spoke from the

"plenty of good grass."text Totals 36,70048,500

JULY 1947 451 oman 5 IN THE FORWARD

ho shall say who played the most imof Jennette Evans who married David Mcportant part in the hundred years that Kay. They had settled in Huntsville, Utah,

have passed since the Pioneers enwhere she bore him ten children. When they

tered the valley of the Great Salt Lake? had only five of their ten children, the dread

Men's names come immediately to mind bedisease of diphtheria spread through the cause their work is that of recorded history. valley and the surrounding towns. More than

The story of the women behind those men twenty young people died in Huntsville is rarely told and more rarely recorded. And alone, among this number two of the McKay

yet behind nearly every man whose name children, little girls aged eleven and nine.

assumed greatness stands a woman whose Shortly after this tragedy struck, Brother untold power helped make him what he beMcKay received a call to go on a mission.

came. That he wanted to fill the call goes without

Women endured the rigors of the trail saying, but he felt that he must ask for a along with the men, and in addition gave birth stay of a year at least, since his wife was to children who would bear the heritage of expecting a new baby in addition to having faith. And this ordeal occurred under almost three small children of seven, five, and three

every variety of circumstances imaginable, years to wait upon.

except those to which the women had previWhen Brother McKay told his wife that ously been accustomed. he was going to ask for a year's time before

Edward Tullidge reports, "Fancy may find he fulfilled his mission, she said firmly, abundant subject for graphic story of the de- "David, the Lord wants you now, not a year votion, the suffering, the matchless heroism from now, and he can take care of me just of the sisters, in the telling incident that nine as well when you're in Scotland as he can children were born to them the first night they if you are at my bedside. You go now."And

camped on Sugar Creek, February 5, 1846."1 he went and filled a glorious mission. The

Eliza R. Snow is quoted by Mr. Tullidge: fact nonetheless remains that it was the cour-

"Many of our sisters walked all day, rain or age and faith of his wife that aided him in shine, and at night prepared suppers for their making a successful mission possible.

families with no sheltering tents, and then The greatness of Jennette Evans Mcmade their beds in and under the wagons that Kay is typical of the greatness of most contained their earthly all. How frequently, Latterday Saint women, since they believe

with intense sympathy and admiration, I implicitly that the part they play in rearing watched the mother, when, forgetful of her worthy, upright children who are a strength own fatigue and destitution, she took unto the community in which they live as well wearied pains to fix up, in a most palatable as to the Church itself is the most important form, the allotted portion of food, and as she contribution they can possibly make.

dealt it out was cheering the hearts of her Woman's first concern must ever be the homeless children, while, as I truly believed, home, for without it all civilization will fail, her own was lifted to God in fervent prayer and if civilization fails, the Church itself canthat their lives might be preserved, and, above not survive. Hence, it is of no small imporall, that they might honor him in the religion tance that the General Authorities stress the

for which she was an exile from the home need for women to train themselves for wifeonce sacred to her, for the sake of those hood and motherhood as the greatest of all precious ones that God had committed to her careers. Through motherhood women make

their most important contribution to the world as a whole and to the Church in particular.

fulfil their destiny, their hus- A nother story of somewhat later years may When women also indicate the qualities of the mothers bands become respected members of the "in Israel."It is but one incident in the life community, doing their work well and giving

of their time and energy to improve the conTullidge. 1Edward The Women of Mormondom, 1877, p. 304 ditions of the place in which they dwell; their ''Ibid., 312 p.

452 O Xi THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

B Wa,L CJoU,MARCH OF THE CHURCH

ASSOCIATE EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >v<

AND MEMBER Y.W.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

V children become respected members of their "meet"means suitable, fitting, and they are schoolmunities—andand neighborhoodgrow to a welladjustedand Church comma- content.*

turity, keeping so busy in wholesome activity HPo enumerate the great women of the that they have no time to indulge in those Church, either past or present, would of actions which would tend to make them delinnecessity be to eliminate many whose names quent. may shine with equal luster. But the names

Thus to Latterday Saints the foremost of all of them will probably never be known.

concern of women of all time is the welfare Their deeds have transferred themselves into of those in their homes, and the greatest ideal the lives of those whom they have touched, consists for Latterday Saint women their stories into the in the but passed have shadow fk & families. rearing of respectable, Godfearing impossible of oblivion, be from which it may

But there are those, even among Latterday to resurrect their deeds until the last judg-;&>

Saints, who perhaps may not marry, or, havment day when the unknown shall be known ing married, may unfortunately be denied the and the unhonored, honored.

right great of capahave motherhood. They into successfully entered have Women

bilities to other help use turned can which all, fields into the if not most, have which men 5 gifted. of these probably mothers not so Many entered. of professions these each To women

as social labor as teachers, workers, women have made their own particular and peculiar abilities, their as writers; as nurses, and their contributions. In the early days when the Vi& aptitudes help better the community through throes of childbirth were so stark and tragic

the sublimation of their mother love, which that even strong men quailed before the orbeing denied the logical culmination in physideal, woman's humanitarian qualities came to cal motherhood, impels them to become moththe front to make her do that which she could ers of the community.

to ease her sisters'suffering and curtail the abilities are other have whose There women their for it possible to rear Si them made own infantgering mortalityproportions.which had reached such stagchildren well and still have enough energy

and capability to turn their minds to other Even at the time when doctoring was conactivities outside the four walls of their homes, sidered exclusively a man's field, Brigham to the benefit of the world and the lasting Young "called"certain women to enter this satisfaction of the women themselves. The field. In a conference session of 1873, Presiclassic example from Biblical times is Deborah dent Young stated, among other things: "If

who originated, so far as we know, the proud some women had the privilege of studying, title, "a mother in Israel."Deborah unthey would make as good mathematicians as

doubtedly was a most gifted woman, in addiany man. We believe that women are useful

tion to being a mother, for the Bible records, not only to sweep houses, wash dishes and "And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of raise babies, but that they should study law... The time has come for Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time."8.,.;, or physics.

The Latterday Saint women recall with women to come forth as doctors in these valcall a great deal of, pride that in a time when womleys of the mountains...."What that

en were considered as chattel by most counmeant, only the women themselves could tell into a man's field, leaving home tries of the world, and Blackstone tried to—pioneering

assure this inferior position to women, the and loved ones in order to follow the profesChurch of Jesus Christ accorded woman a sion to which they wished to dedicate their place with man, recognizing that without lives. In the medical schools of the East, these

woman man could not attain his full stature. ( Continued on page 454

Territorial S. Secretary acting A. Mann, of governor Utah, recall also that the signed created Lord the bill enfranchisement when They in February 1870, assured which

right the to vote. women prior However, to that time the Church said, "I will he help Eve him make an meet had granted an equal in women voice decisions pertaining to comaffairs, munity and for Church they had been to allowed all vote in for him."definition the of the And word matters from of time the organization of the In Church. Utah

from 1S47 July this enjoyed right thewomen until 1849, it March when 4:4 sJudges was withdrawn.

r9 & y s&

JULY 1947 WOMAN'S PLACE IN THE FORWARD MARCH OF THE CHURCH (Continued from page 453) lished, forerunner to the W. H. present women have been interested

women were looked down upon as Groves'Latterday Saint Hospital in music, some making it a career, something less than women so to and the Idaho Falls Hospital. others being content to enjoy its culdemean themselves as to enter tural influence in their homes or comschools where heretofore only male ''"Poday many spiritual descendants munities.

is anstudents had been in attendance. of those early women doctors Emma Lucy Gates Bowen

Back home again, they had often have entered into the nursing profesunusual example of the importance to defend themselves from men docsion; and during the war some of of music in a woman's life. Trained

tors of their own faith who decried them have served in the Pacific in Germany as a concert and opera women's following so unusual a while others served in Europe as singer, and being for years a memprofession. But women's hearts were well as in the United States. The ber of the Royal Opera Company

tender toward those who suffered, heritage of courage and humanitarof Germany, she ultimately gave up and they resolved to temper that sufianism made them valiant in the a promising career to become the fering to the best of their innate cause of suffering mankind, wherwife of Elder Albert E. Bowen of

sympathy and their careful training. ever they might be called to serve. the Council of the Twelve. Today

Their hearts refused to harbor the While their names may not assume she is giving of. the wealth of her

thought that disease and death such gigantic proportions as those background to further the cause of should strike mothers and innocent attained in the earlier day when in music among the young folk of her children. They studied diligently the desert withdrawal of the piocommunity.

methods for curtailing epidemics neers, the efforts were phenomenal, Of unusual interest is the fact that and fighting contagion. Among those still these modern young women dethe early women of Mormondom

who pioneered in this field many serve much credit. Today, they have established periodicals which tended

names shine with glory: Dr. Roreturned to the world, giving in full to awaken the women of the Church

mania Pratt Penrose, Maggie Shipp, measure good for the evil that their to significant events and principles.

Mattie Hughes Cannon, Jane Manancestors received. And, for the The Women's Exponent was first

ning Skolfield, in addition to others most part, even while living in the published June 1, 1872, and remainwhose stories are replete with meanworld, they are not of it. They are ed in publication until February

ingful drama. retaining the vigor and sweetness of 1914. This magazine satisfied a real

their ideals and standards as Latterneed among Latterday Saint women

In addition to their pursuit of mediday Saint women. at the same time that it afforded

cine as a profession, their humanthem an opportunity to do creative itarian ideals impelled them to try work both for their own pleasure and to establish a hospital that they that of others. The Relief Society

might better care for those who Magazine was first published Janneeded help. Their recognition of uary 1915, and has been in constant

the authority of the priesthood overpublication since. It has been a great

shadowed all their actions. Zina force in the education of the women

Diantha Huntington Young told of the Church.

President Taylor as she, with other The Young Woman's Journal, leading women, made their plea for founded by Susa Young Gates as a the establishment of the hospital: literary outlet for the young women

"President Taylor, we realize that of the Church and later presented without the sanction of the priestto the Young Women's Mutual hood no project undertaken by the Improvement Association, was first women of the Church could succeed, published in October 1889, and let alone such a serious one as the continued until November 1929, establishment of a hospital."when it was combined with The ImThat has been the position of the provement Era, and the two became

of letters the field importance of utmost to the young and the arts since. ever of the Churchwomen In

of the Church. are certainly depeople the women that Mormon times, Even if, at women feel

brethren are not doing all that they serving of honor. At a time when The importance of the women's

might to assure women of their women in other parts of the world organizations can hardly be overrightful position in the Church, one were so dubious about appearing unestimated. The Relief Society steadsanctioned by both the Prophet Joder their own names that they asily encourages women to improve

seph Smith and Brigham Young, sumed men's names when they themselves. Their outlines for lesthey are willing to accept what the wrote, Eliza R. Snow was publishson work, in addition to the excepbrethren say and abide by their deing poetry that stirred the hearts of tional stories, poems, and articles

cision, since they recognize fully the men and women. Emma Smith, wife that appear in The Relief Society

power of the priesthood, although of the Prophet, was collecting at the Magazine afford a new outlook on they cannot help praying for the Prophet's express request, the life, if women will avail themselves time when men will openly recognize hymns of Zion that all, men and of the opportunity of attending the women's worth and work. women alike, might sing praises to meetings. The Young Women's

The Deseret Hospital was estabtheir Creator. From that time to the Mutual Improvement Association

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WOMAN'S PLACE IN THE CHURCH (D&Wl $fafflWL:

lives to what its name implies—and who will assume stature when time

gives a point of view on recreation has given a true perspective to their that is better than that held by the achievements. full hundred years haveworld, if only the young women will The challenge for the women of passed Asince the first Mormon pioneers

attend and follow the suggestions the Church is as great today as was turned resolutely westward to establish purhigh Theirs a was new homes.given. The Primary organization that which faced the earlyday piolive, to but to not merely pose:

was instituted by the love that Auneer women of the Church. Importheir religion, to worship God in peace.live

relia Spencer Rogers felt for chiltant new frontiers still wait to be They attained that goal, the women no dren who needed wholesome activity conquered by the courageous deless than the men, and are remembered and religious training during the scendants of the Pioneer woman. reverently for it.

lie in addition to well within problemsweek the teaching These new those noble what I wonder women the sphere:they were Sunday. getting on brotherhood a woman's

1947. the girls of think of Have would

The women of earlier times are of man, because man does not sense basic ideals of our sex really changed?

easily recognized for their greatness the full import of this belief; world I think not, but on the contrary I believe

Eliza R. Snow, Bathsheba W. Smith, peace, because man has a combative that you are, at your best, just as fine

Emmeline B. Wells, Zina D. H, nature that the mothers of men must as the wives and daughters of a century

Young, Lulu Green Richards, Susa sublimate to good; and the fatherago. The temptations to be resisted,

Young Gates, Elmina S. Taylor, hood of God, for women as the chilthe obstacles to be overcome in achievLillie T. Freeze, and countless other dren's earliest teachers have the ing womanly ideals have multiplied and

stalwart builders of righteousness; golden opportunity to lay this founare, perhaps, more difficult than formertoday it is not so easy to single out dation securely in the hearts and ly, since they are more subtle. Still

each generation has its ordeals; it canthose who have achieved. We are minds of the new generation. meet them successfully, if it only will.

too close to the work that is going We women of today must not fail You are trying, and I am sure you willforward to see the individuals who—dare not fail—our foremothers. succeed. There is too much at stake

are most responsible for its success. And if we do not fail, our descendever to fail.

However, we may rest assured that ants can be as proud of us as we are the future generations will find proud of our mothers and grandYou have been told by your elders among the women of today many mothers. tothatyourthe pathpioneerof safetyheritage.hfs in Whatbeing truedid

pioneer women have that made them

OUR STRENGTH AND GUIDANCE lessworthypossessionof emulation?of theirsMuch!was unboundedOne price-

(Concluded from page 439) er; objectives are higher; and hopes dailyfaith inlivesGod,wereandshapedhis purposes.and ennobledTheir

A basic doctrine of the Holy and aspirations unexcelled. Higher by that faith. Another quality was the

Priesthood is that "men are saved no moral principles do not exist than will to serve others. They, in addition,

faster than they get knowledge,"those taught the Saints. Nowhere are were patient and brave.

and that "the glory of God is intelthere greater incentives to resist evil, ligence."This concept has conand to maintain wholesome social "Dioneer women were homemakers.

tributed much and may well account relationships. There are no people Though living in log cabins, they

for the many educational pursuits of with greater incentive for righteouskept them clean and cheery. They

the Latterday Saints. It has influness nor obligations so to live and were noted for hospitality. They were

enced the framing of state laws with serve. helpmates to their husbands. They

respect to public instruction. There reared families, large families, and

has been an ardent enthusiasm in \\7hat priesthood has done these taught their children "to pray and to every frontier of the Saints to estabhundred years in the lives, famwalk uprightly before the Lord."They

lish places of learning. ilies, and communities of the Saints, were good cooks and adept at home

These people have been taught the it can also do for communities of nursing. They learned how to make a

difference between "priesthood"and nations. Nations, however, must be little go a long way.

"priestcraft."Knowing that priestwilling to abide by priesthood prinThose women were your antecedhood powers are "controlled... only ciples of justice, equality, and right. ents; in any case, you have fallen heir,

upon the principles of righteousness"That the world may escape the to their faith. It is a precious heritage,

it and add to it.men ordained thereto are under wrath to come, the Lord, has sent and you must cherish

covenant to be "honest, true, chaste, forth his warning cry, that all who The world rewards women whose busbril- iness are professional careers or will hear. hear may virtuous, benevolent, in doing and

liant, will reit reveres but most and is for that ye, prepare which Prepare ye after to seek to all men,"and good perthe longest member who women is the for nigh; to the Lord come, And all lovely, "virtuous, of or things their the for generation sonify anew his is kindled, of the sword and anger Lord

good report or praiseworthy."They is bathed in heaven, and it shall fall upon noblest traditions of motherhood.

are also taught that if priesthood is the inhabitants of the earth.

exercised in "any degree of unrightAnd the arm of the Lord shall be revealed; Sincerely,

eousness,"its powers are lost to the and the day cometh that they who will not individual. hear the voice of the Lord, neither the voice

of his servants, neither give heed to the influence, priesthood homes Under shall apostles, of the prophets and words happier; lives are abunare more people. (D. from among the be cut off & C. JlS)Jl*4.;cj. rk dantly lived; opportunities are great- 1:1214.)

JULY 1947 455 Marriage AND THE

<=>Latterdauf Saint jramilvy

By ROY A. WEST

RESEARCH DIRECTOR, L.D.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

writings of the most brilliant minds or turn to the great expounders of correct thinking without discovering the truth contained in the spiritual meaning of a Latterday Saint marriage.

A Latterday Saint couple who gaze upon the spires of a great temple, which reach heavenward, have a spiritual thrill vibrate through their souls. If they enter that temple, built

to him who controls the destinies of men and women, their love may be consummated into a beautiful union that will endure forever. Time will

not dim their love, and eternity will permit continual happiness to come into their companionship.

—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert A sincere Latterday Saint couple

want their marriage solemnized by fE modify the style of our one who holds the authority to bind houses, make our wearing their sacred vows for immortal enapparel more attractive, indurance. They yearn to kneel at the

crease our speed of travel, prolong altar in the temple of their God and life, reduce the ravages of disease, hear the one officiating say: "... I

and modernize most of our physical pronounce you husband and wife for conveniences; but we cannot change time and for all eternity."As they

that human longing of love between arise and embrace each other, a real- a man and a woman. Through the ization comes to them of the covecenturies of man's existence almost nant they have made to honor, reall things have been changed, but spect, and cherish the noblest ideals

the human emotion of love in men in religion. They also resolve to

and women continues to seek an exlive these virtues in their newly pression of lasting endurance. Sorformed companionship. No trace of

row, distress, bewilderment, and selfishness, deceit, or hypocrisy has even a loss of the worthwhileness of enduring ideals of life. Do the phibeen brought into this holy place.

life comes to him who experiences losophies of men give a satisfaction Their lives have been purified by failure in holding the love of the one to these young hearts? Does religion the refining influence of the Spirit of

whom he cherishes most dearly. give them an anchor to their newGod. Doubt and uncertainty conThose who find complete realization found love? These young people are cerning their love for each other does

in the love of an esteemed person not grasping for that which passes not transgress the sacred edifice make a discovery of newfound hapaway, but for that which survives which hallows an influence of compiness and exultation that excels huand becomes more beautiful as the plete trust, confidence, and unfailing man expression. years come and go. love.

When a young man looks into the Over a century ago a young A marriage solemnized in such a smiling eyes of a charming young prophet received a most inspiring spiritual atmosphere will impress alady, and their hearts respond—how truth that has given greater stability young couple with the divine, opporcan they seal that love so it will enand endurance to human love than tunity that.they possess in starting

dure eternally? That is the yearnany contribution during our modern a Latterday Saint family. Their

ing of young people who cherish the era. You may search throughout the ( Continued on page 485 }

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I (ft**

o e

ft] ft:f H

IWTO SMPPOVtIKfHT OtA

ft]

E

s

I

oo

Q REDiiWrrlwSERVICE Dm Jirchibaid jr. i5ennett j

GENERAL SECRETARY OF THE he Utah Pioneers of 1847 GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF Clearly the thought of a temple were no ordinary pioneers. THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST was the first thought in the minds of

Others before them had setOF LATTERDAY SAINTS the pioneers in those early days, tled the waste places and made the desert to blossom. As they gazed TV lthough they were pioneering in

hopefully on their new domain, other a unique field, their objective in settlers of the frontier had dreamed temple building was and still is stagof the establishment of homes and gering in its magnitude. Not only

churches, hospitals and schools and would they build one temple but also bridges, and of thriving industries literally thousands of them. This

and fertile farmlands. All these aims objective was no less than to place

were in the hearts of the Utah piosalvation within the reach of all living mankind, dead. and Missionthem, more. with Uniqueneers—and aries forth should to teach go the the world, of peoplesamong all the

was their cherished objective to living, and in temples the Saints build temples and officiate therein would perform for their worthy dead for their departed kindred. saving ordinances which the dead

could not perform for themselves.

It is highly significant that their of that grandeur conception The read in these befirst thought on entering the valley may wordswas of temples and temple service. of Brigham Young:

Wilford Woodruff, one of the foremost Pioneers, wrote in his Journal of their joy at the first glimpse from the mouth of Emigration Canyon:

Thoughts of pleasant meditation ran in of Top:the templeAn earlygrounds.view

rapid succession through our minds at the The tabernacle may be anticipation that not many years hence the seen in the background.

House of God would be established in the mountains and exalted above the hills, while the valleys would be converted into orchards, vineyards, fields, etc., planted with

cities, and the standard of Zion be unfurled unto which the nations would gather. 1

The first sermon delivered in the valley on the forenoon of July 25, 1847, by Elder George A. Smith was

"a very interesting discourse"on the building of a temple in the tops of the mountains.

The very first building planned was the temple. Four days after his

arrival, President Young struck his cane to the ground and declared, fromBottom:the templeLooking aseastit

"Here we will build the temple of neared completion.

our God."That same day he and

his brethren of the Twelve selected the area for what is now Temple

Square upon which to erect the temple of the Lord. To quote again

from Elder Woodruff's Journal: City Creek ), when President Young waved... I want to see the temple built in a

his hands and said, "Here is the forty manner that it will endure through the milfor acres the temple"is had conversed lennium. (we the This not only temple we north the from to about walked camp We

the of subject the of the shall build; Uocation upon will there hundreds be of them the (forks center creeksthe of between two 2

this). temple to preyious... built dedicated to the and Lord. And

Rowley,

..313 Matthias 'F., Life....of Wilford Woodruff, p. 2Wilforcl Woodruff's Journal, July 28. 1847 {Continued on page 462)

JULY 1947 461 A CENTURY OF SACRED SERVICE (Continued from page 461)... we will be baptized for and in behalf And through the millennium, the thouwhen the millennium is over, and all the of the human family during a thousand sand years that the people will love and

sons of Adam and Eve, down to the last years; and we will have hundreds of temserve God, we will build temples and offiof their posterity, who come within the ples and thousands of men and women ofciate therein for those who have slept for

reach of the clemency of the gospel, have ficiating therein for those who have fallen hundreds and thousands of years—those

been redeemed in hundreds of temples, asleep, without having the privilege of who would have received the truth if they through the administration of their children hearing and obeying the gospel, that they had the opportunity; and we will bring them

as proxies for them, I want that temple still may be brought forth and have a glorious up and form the entire chain back to Adam. 1

to stand as a proud monument of the faith, resurrection, and enjoy the kingdom which perseverance and industry of the Saints of God has prepared for them. 5 Such was the blueprint for temple

of building and the administration there this in the mountains, in the nineteenth cenwill have accomplish workGod To 3 of but thousandstury. temple temple ordinances to only one be not on a vast scale.

When the ordinances are carried out in them, and thousands and tens of thousands the temples that will be erected, men will of men and women will go into those temCince 1847, eight temples have officiate for people fathers, those their who and to and sealedbe who ples have lived been built, dedicated, and are in 4 reveal.8 shall as the Lord slept, back as far to Father clear Adam. uphave

1Ibid., p. 619

sDiscourses o} Brigham Young, 1925 ed. ( p. 605 *Ibid., p. 615

Hbid., p. 613 mid., p. 604

SAYS

"Recently the Newmont Mining Company, one of the nation's larger mining companies, announced its

intention of developing certain mineral ground in Utah. We should encourage more outside capital

to take a hand in development of our resources. For

each dollar of ore produced, 90c stays in Utah."

A birthday is doubly an occasion when you make your remembrance a box of Glade's beautifully packaged

Chocolates. Choose the brand that

subtly says, "You're the best!"

METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH

IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S COOto aaaaaaaaaaaa* 11 USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth

CHOCOLATES and throat irritations.

tlAUt CANUI tUMfftNl JAM IAIU Gift. 01*'HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A CENTURY OF SACRED SERVICE HOTEL LANKERSHIM

7th 1 110 HI WAY atservice, millions of society a cost of today, and over thirteen hunsome RATES MODERATE in Los Headquarters Angeles dollars. forty ordidred manuscripts. million Nearly Operator R. WISHON L. DFRANKS.

nances have been administered in Then came the day of the microRAY H. BECKETT. Manager

LOS ANGELES them, for the living or for the dead, films. 'TWf fEKONS—ONE CMRCf

including about twelve million enOur Genealogical Society was one dowments, fourteen million baptisms of the foremost pioneers in the and eight million sealings. And this microfilming of records of genealogamid sacrifice and hardship while the ical value. In 19381939 records of

Saints were relatively poor and few the various temples prior to 1900 in numbers. were filmed in the archives of these

Other temples are in prospect at temples. Many aging volumes of ADDS SPICY FLAVOR

Los Angeles and Oakland, where ward, branch, and quorum records in sites have been selected. At the dedithe Church Historian's office were to HAMBURGERS

cation of the Idaho Falls Temple in next reproduced on microcopy.

1945, President George Albert Since that time numerous microSmith declared the Church would film records have been added to the continue to build temples until the quarters of library—threeLord says we have enough. asociety'smillion pages from Tennessee, over

One hundred years ago genealog- a million pages from North Carolina, ical activity, here and abroad, was about seventyeight thousand pages in its infancy. Fewer than forty from Georgia, and a vast number

family genealogies had been printed from counties adjacent to Philadelin America. Today these number phia. A large collection of Lutheran

many thousands, and in certain secChurch records have been copied at tions of our country almost every the Lutheran Theological Seminary family has its printed genealogy. in Mt. Airy, Philadelphia; and anThe tendency to print such volumes other choice collection of German

is ever on the increase. Reformed Church records in LanOnly one historical and genealogcaster, Pennsylvania. We are preical society had been organized in paring to copy concentrated collecthe world at that time. Today these tions of Quaker, Baptist, Methodist,

are exceedingly numerous and active and Presbyterian records. Last year

and influential. These societies as we copied the ancient records of the

well as public libraries have on their San Gabriel Mission and of the Old shelves a copious collection of famPlaza Church in Los Angeles. The

ily genealogies and histories of Lutheran and Reformed church recplaces. Family organizations ords were mostly in German; and the

abound. Ancestral research is well (Continued on page 491

on the way to becoming one of the major activities of peoples.

The Pioneers in 1 847 and for longyears afterwards had no genealogiIT'SA FACT that there are more cal libraries at hand, and countless miles and long, wearisome travel separated them from the source materials in the homeland of their foreHAMMOND ORGANS fathers. Yet courageously they emin LD.S. Chapels than any others—barked upon that immense task

for clearly out somarked them by BECA USE

First, their leaders. administerthey

little Cost so very Take up for their ed temple ordinances more for use little 1 room to them.immediate relatives known 3

after gradually,Then, one family Never need hisEasy to playanother family tuning found printed 4 tories compiled by more distant relatives in the East. With the estabColl or Write Us

lishment of the Genealogical Society of Utah in 1894, the gathering of OLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

published records of forefathers was Established 1907 greatly accelerated. About thirtyfour thousand printed genealogical SALT LAKE OGDEN

volumes are upon the shelves of the

JULY 1947 463 RMONS ILDING

exploration and colonization from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific

Coast.

The intermountain west was not only to be explored, but also on July 25, the day following his arrival in the Salt Lake Valley, Brigham Young outlined to the people a definite policy which would be followed in distributing land to them. He "said

that no man who came here should buy land; that he had none to sell;

but every man should have his land measured out to him for city and farming purposes. He might till it

as he pleased, but must be industrious and take care of it."8 This policy

assured an equitable distribution of land not only to the colonists who first arrived in Utah but also to those who had not yet migrated and even to those who had not yet been converted to Mormonism.

"Drigham Young and his associates determined to make the people selfsupporting in every respect. In

order to do this they had to foster many industries. Converts to Mormonism, regardless of what part of

the world they lived in, were advised to migrate to Utah and bring with them the best that the world pos-

S the sun reached the zenith of journey's end. Speaking in their sessed.

its daily course on July 24, terminology, they had at last found Mormon missionaries in foreign 1847, a group of weary travtheir "Promised Land"—a place in lands were also constantly reminded

elers emerged from the mouth of which to establish "Zion."that they should be on the watch for

Emigration Canyon and ascended a As Brigham Young and his peoany new industry or invention that small knoll overlooking Salt Lake ple had in mind the building of a could be utilized by the Saints and

Valley. This was the Pioneer comlarge Mormon commonwealth in the for skilled workmen who could help

pany, consisting of 148 people, repintermountain west, their first task establish those industries.

resenting approximately 20,000 Latwas to make a careful and complete The people followed the advice of terday Saints. The ox train paused exploration of the land in which they the leaders with the result that they

for a few moments while the Piowere to establish their homes. Presibrought to the basin the choicest

neers gazed upon the valley lying dent Young announced that his defseeds and inventions that the world below them, the land which was to inite plans were "to have every hole had to offer. In early Utah history

become their new home. and corner from the Bay of San many industrial enterprises were

tried, some successfully and others Then the party members moved Francisco to Salt 1Lake known to us slowly downward into the valley to [the Mormons]."Immediately exnot so successfully. Among those

the spot where Orson Pratt and his ploring parties were dispatched into industries were the following: the

companions, who had been sent the mountains to determine the making of sugar from beets, the manahead as a vanguard company to amount of timber, water supply, and ufacture of iron, silk, wool, and select a site, were camped. President grazing lands. This activity was releather, and the raising of cotton,

Young immediately informed Elder peated in every valley of the basin flax, grapes, grain, and livestock. In

Pratt that he had selected the right as the Pioneers pushed the line of some of those industries, such as the spot on which to establish the settleiWilford Woodruff, journal, July 28, 1847, cited manufacturing of sugar from beets, ment. The Saints had reached their p.in 81Andrew, Jenson, The Historical Record, vol. 9, Vbid., p. 78

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wton le. Jlunter, PL 2>.WEST % OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Excerpts from a paper given at the Fortieth Annual Meeting of the Mississippi Valley

Association, April 24, 1947, at Columbus, Ohio.

Utah has played a conspicuous part It should be noted that Mormons in American history and thereby has contributed to the early colonizing contributed to the building of the of California, Nevada, Idaho, WyoWest. ming, Utah, and Arizona, and the

The greatest contribution of the end of their colonial efforts was in

Mormons, however, in the building Mexico and Canada. Today hunof the West was the colonizing of dreds of communities in the interan expansive region. While these mountain west retain the characterfrontiersmen were exploring, buildistics implanted in them by Brigham

ing homes and temples, and developYoung and his stalwart associates.

ing industries, Brigham Young was Thus the opening of a vast portion directing a systematically organized of the American West to civilizato Salt Lake City. Also, in 1849and thoroughly controlled colonizing tion by sturdy Latterday Saint 1850, they greatly increased the

project. In fact, as soon as the Saints frontiersmen was the paramount number of missionaries and extendarrived in the Salt Lake Valley, Morcontribution made by this people in ed their activities. Heretofore prosemonism assumed the character of a the building of the West. lyting had been confined to the

great landsettlement enterprise. The decision to settle such an exUnited States, Canada, and the

From Salt Lake City, where more pansive territory was announced by British Isles; but within the next

than two thousand colonists arrived Brigham Young soon after his arthree or four years missionary work during the summer of 1847, Morrival in the Salt Lake Valley. As was opened throughout most of the

mon land settlement spread throughearly as March 1849, the pioneers'world, and it has continued to the out the West. During the followplans had begun to take definite present day. In one hundred years

ing thirty years while Brigham shape with the establishment of the the Church has sent 51,622 missionYoung was at the helm, colonies had "State of Deseret."Nature had proaries into the world to preach the

been established from Fort Lemhi, vided a perfect geographic outline gospel, each going at his or her own remaining them most of expense and commonwealth; an immense located River on the Salmon many for

least at two full from home supplied away President Brigham Young in Idaho, miles northward to Mesa in southern Arizona; and from Forts the empire building genius to years. Regarding this work, Hubert

Bridger and Supply in Wyoming at define and set claim to the land Howe Bancroft wrote the east, to Carson Valley in westwithin those natural boundaries. In their missionary adventures no sect

ern Nevada and San Bernardino, "Deseret,"as outlined by its was ever more devoted, more selfsacrific- friars Catholic successful. ing, or The the more on bounded was California, to the west. southern By constitution, not were excursions their in newworld the Mountains, the east on Rocky by time of the death Young's Brigham health, life, and wealth, indifferent to more the the west Mexico, south by on by in sixty three and 1877, over scorn hundred to indifferent not more comfort,

permanent settlements had been Sierra Nevada, and on the north by insult, nor more filled with high courage and

River watershed. the Columbia the Mormon than were enthusiasm, It lofty expanse this broad throughout made 3

enterprises. in their oldworld elders strip of sea- a substantial included his territory. following Shortly of

death, many of the polygamists and coast with at least two good seaports HPhe founders of Utah, while buildDiego. Destheir families migrated southward to—San Pedro and San ing homes, developing farms,

mountains, to erts, others northward for and Mexico a government establishing and a fairly secure barricade—oneand rivers providedwith result of the troubles as a Canada, art, drama, and fostered themselves,

between the Saints and the few pregnable spots. Here was the music for the social development of

United States government over the maximum of seclusion and protecthe people. The children were trainplural marriage. of doctrine Thus tion. pioneer of the most in music, and ed In order to accomplish the purpose colonization was expanded separate their Mormon had communities

Israel building of gathering up and Saints countries, built to foreign and the bands. town its own theEach leaders the Church the West, asits local dramatic to land again had opened ater and new frontiers acmissionary to increase planned

settlement; the principal community tivities and then to expedite the emisociation. The Salt Lake Theater,

established in Canada was Cardston. gration of the converts to Utah. completed in 1862, was the most

The refugees who fled to Mexico Since the western frontier was an famous of these earlyday structures.

settled in Sonora and Chihuahua. ideal place in which to gather Israel,

Several Latterday Saint towns rethey sent word for all Church memmain today in Canada and Mexico. bers throughout the world to hasten p. Hubert398 Howe Bancroft, History of Utah. 15401886,

JULY 1947 465

THE MORMONS IN THE BUILDING OF THE WEST

( Concluded from page 465 In conclusion, let us summarize a Thousands of colonists were erected on the frontier so soon after few of the outstanding contributions brought to the Great Basin as a rethe arrival of the pioneers in Utah. of the Mormons in the building of sult of a worldwide proselyting

M. B. Leavitt, the author of Fifty the West. Thousands of persecuted, campaign. Under the direction of

Years of the American Stage, stated disheartened, devout religionists loBrigham Young and later leaders

At the time of its erection it was not cated in the heart of an uninviting this heterogeneous mass of humanity surpassed in magnitude, completeness, and desert country nearly one thousand was thoroughly Americanized.

existing other house.equipment by any Its miles from any other settlement. ExStanding paramount among the

feet thestage, 150 deep, remains most conspicuous of any in the country.* plorations of the entire West were contributions was the colonizing of

made to determine all the favorable a vast desert region extending from

Throughout the entire course of sites for new colonies; and then balCanada to Mexico.

Mormon history, Church members anced groups of industrial and agriTemples and tabernacles, marvelhave held as one of their principle cultural workers were dispatched to ous for being built under pioneer tenets a high ideal regarding educafound these new communities. The conditions, were erected for the edition. Such statements as the folChurch officials allotted farming fying of the Saints, and the Salt

lowing appear in early Church lands, city lots, and water holdings Lake Theater stood for nearly one literature: "A man is saved no fastto the Saints; and they in turn conhundred years as evidence of the

er than he gets knowledge,"and tributed their share in influencing the high cultural tastes of the founders "The glory of God is intelligence."irrigation policies and agricultural of Utah.

The following are examples of practices of the arid West. The pioReligion, art, drama, music, and

many similar statements which Joneer leaders provided the people education were fostered for the soseph Smith received through revelawith necessary equipment for their cial, spiritual, and cultural develoption from the Lord: "Study and economic independence and prosperment of the people. The result of

learn, and become acquainted with ity as well as civil government and encouraging those finer arts of livall languages, good books, and with social institutions for their ing years given protechas for one hundred tongues, and peoples."7 Again "... tion, education, enjoyment, position wellenviable and an to Utah among

seek ye diligently and teach one anbeing. her sisters states.

other words of wisdom; yea, seek ye

out of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning even by study

and by faith."8

Having these maxims as their guides, the settlers of Utah erected The Salt Lake Tribune invites you to make use of a schoolhouse as one of the first the services it extends to Utah's Centennial Visitors.

buildings in each pioneer communiAt The Tribune, 145 South Main Street, you can get ty. In fact, at the same time that

complete information on all Centennial events.they were constructing private

dwellings, each group of colonists Tickets for principal events also are on sale here.

erected through cooperative effort a In addition, The Tribune presents a magnificent 40public hall which was used as a foot mural of Salt Lake Valley, the "This is the church, schoolhouse, and a place for dance and drama. The first school Place"Monument, and the trek of the Pioneers to

in Utah was opened in an old miliUtah. Six photographs of the Intermountain West,

tary tent in October 1 847, only two eight feet high, also await your pleasure.

months after the Pioneers arrived in

Salt Lake Valley. Even while these The Salt Lake Tribune extends you a cordial invifrontiersmen were struggling to contation to be its centennial guest.

struct their first shelters, this school was conducted daily. Latterday

Saint colonizers were so concerned over the educational interests of the people that they had passed only one law in their legislative assembly before this one was enacted. It is

claimed that the University of Deseret (Utah) has the distinction of being the first institution of higher learning chartered west of the Missouri River.

4Cited in Levi Edgar Young, The Founding of Utah, p. 339 BJoseph Fielding Smith, editor, Teachings of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 217

6Doctrine and Covenants 93:36

7Ibid 90:15

8Ibid., 88:118

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SCIENCE CONFIRMS THE WORD OF WISDOM

( Concluded from page 43 1 tions, and saliva is responsible in Some have wondered if wheat

One of the causes of calcium great measure for protection of the were superior to rice, which is a prinphosphorus imbalance is the use of mucous membranes against infeccipal food of the millions of people any foods containing refined sugar tions. in Asia. But again the Word of

is is confirmed. dietetics Wheat on modern favor Wisdom Books flour. dietary only whiteand 27 M Our

of to rice because fruits vegetables. 21 Leafy much superior and source thatsugar should be found fresh

naturally in fresh foods. One may and green vegetables are important wheat's better balanced17 proteinto-

use fruits in season as a dessert. sources of Vitamin A. Potatoes, as carbohydrate ratio. Because of this

During the past century, the per well as other starchy tubers, are excellent protein balance in wheat, capita use of sugar in the United some of our most economical sources people could live on one hundred

States has increased over one thouof carbohydrates, the energy foods. percent whole wheat alone for a long

is the bestsand percent. Cancer, heart disease, They also furnish valuable84 vitamin time if necessary. 9 Wheat

and diabetes have made a correand mineral elements. grain for humans.

sponding per capita increase. Amer- "... corn for the ox, and oats for

icans have been attaining the title of '"The Word of Wisdom states that the horse"also has its confirmation "sugar gluttons of the world."the flesh of beasts and fowls is in modernday scientific writings.

to be used sparingly; especially is it Oats are the "safest"of all grains

to be used in winter, during famine, for horse feeding; they follow corn

RECIPE or where it is cold. which is of greatest25 importance for

By Georgia Moore Eberling Eskimos are known to live largely feeding stock.

on meats, fats, and fish. On moving And so today, a century after the

'ake day; any breezy summer

be (The wind should quite warm) to a southern climate, man feels the pioneers began to settle the beautivalleys, the Mountain to lighter food of ful Rocky changing by the skies blue, are sure not gray, need Be free of hint storm. from And confirmed is being cutting on meats and fats. of Wisdom down Word

frothy white, of a suds Beat up clean; The diet of African natives who by the leading modern authorities in swish blankets your Then

Rinse till the colors glow newbright, are practically free from many modtoxicology, biochemistry, nutrition,

Rose, orchid, blue, and green. ernday diseases is almost devoid of and medicine.

fluffyfine out all shake them Then the line! meat. Dr. Markham says the naThose living the Word of Wis- a rainbow on And hang

tives don't average one meat meal a dom have a promise of protection month. from the "destroying angel."DisIn the African interior where no During famine people survive by eases listed as causes of death and

sugar or white flour are available, using up their own body proteins. It published annually by the United

Dr. H. V. Markham of Long Beach, is then that meat helps them to surStates Census Bureau reveal how

California, reports that he gave over vive by rebuilding their body prothis destroyer operates. The re-

1 1 3,000 medical treatments to nateins. wards of health, wisdom, knowledge,

tives in eight years and saw no cases Excessive meat restricts the intake hidden treasures of knowledge, and of diabetes at all, practically no heart of other needed foods. Expensive physical endurance, make it worth '

disease or high blood pressure, and meat cuts are also an uneconomical the effort.

no cancer except that resulting from source of protein. The cuts usually

campfire burns of the shins. of greatest value to man's diet are And I, the Lord, give unto them a promshall angel pass destroying the ise by that least costly. often the A meat diet continuous Steady improveand

Israel, slay of and not children the as them, is deficient in calcium alone and of the blood calciumment serum 89:21.) them. Amen. (D. & C.

phosphorus balance for periods of vitamins.

four to six months in patients elimiAt times, meat may be a lifenating refined sugar and white flour saving element in the diet: for

from their diets has been observed.* 8 example, for patients who have perDuring those months, various chronnicious anemia, many of whom21

ic diseases in the observed patients would die except for the use of liver.

improved or entirely healed. Too much meat acts as a harmful

Many people seldom eat fresh body stimulant and also produces fruit. Special emphasis should constipation and intestinal putrefacbe given to fresh citrus fruit and tion. Other good sources of protein

tomatoes for their Vitamin C value, 84 are milk, eggs, fish, and grains. In

and for their mild laxative effect and most parts of the world grains are bulky residue, especially when eaten the outstanding sources of food enalong with protein foods. 83 ergy and of proteins.

Vegetables are also of great value "All grain is good for the food of in human nutrition. They furnish man... nevertheless, wheat for

man with vitamins, minerals, carboman,"suggests that wheat is man's hydrates, roughage, and even enbest grain food. That means one

zymes. Raw turnips, for example, hundred percent whole wheat and

contain lysozyme, the same enzyme not white flour. The latter is still

which in human tears, nasal secredevitalized even when enriched.

JULY 1947 467 First High Priests Quorum in this Dispensation HPo establish the exact time of organrum of the Twelve, he turned to Elder ization, membership, and presiThe Calling of the Joseph Young and with an "earnestfirst in the high dency priests quorum is difficult, available but from sources Twelve Apostles and ness"was extendedas thoughstillthe visionfurther,of hehis said:mind

can be pieced together the fascinating the Seventies "Brother Joseph, the Lord has made story of its organization since the ordiyou President of the Seventies."On the

nation of the first high priest in this disBy President Levi Edgar Young 14th of February, the Quorum of the pensation at a conference held in KirtOf the First Council of the Seventy Twelve Apostles was duly organized, land, Ohio, June 3, 1831. whose mission was to go to all nations,

From John Whitmer's history of the /\N February 8, 1835, the Prophet Jokindreds, tongues, and people.

Church, as contained in the Journal Hisseph Smith called Elders Brigham The conference convened on Saturtory under date of June 3, 1831, is taken Young and Joseph Young to his home day, February 28, when the first quothe following excerpt: in Kirtland. He asked Brother Brigham rum of Seventy was appointed and orAt this conference the following named Young to notify all the brethren living dained under the hands of the Prophet.

brethren were ordained to the High Priestin the branches within a reasonable disOwing to the fact that in the original hood [high priests]; namely, Lyman Wight, tance to meet at a general conference First Council of the Seventy it was

Sidney Rigdon, John Murdock, Reynolds on the following Saturday, February found that five of them were high

Cahoon, Harvey Whitlock and Hyrum 14. The Prophet said, "I shall then and priests, these brethren were transferred

Smith; they were all ordained by Joseph there appoint twelve special witnesses to the high priests quorum, and the final

Smith, Jun., excepting Sidney Rigdon. The to open the door of the gospel to foreign organization of the First Council was

following were ordained by Lyman Wight nations and you, Brother Brigham, will as follows:

Pratt, P. Parley commandment: by Thomas them."be one of Young Joseph B. Partridge, Isaac Morley, Marsh, Edward in the spoken After Prophet had Hancock Wakefield, Martin Thayre, Ezra Joseph Levi W.

to the reference the duties of new QuoHarris, faith), Foster the Booth, Ezra denied James (who

Harvey Whitlock (denied the faith); also Josiah Butterfield

Joseph Smith, Sen., Joseph Smith, Jun. and hood, also to officiate as President, to preJohn Gaylord

Bishop PartWhitmer. (Edward John The S. Miles Daniel Kirtland. in side over vote that body The

the ridge) then proceeded and blessed above Salmon Gee in for orcalled the of their quorums was brethren the others laying and named on by der, their passed through nomination and of hands. History, {Journal 3, 1831.) June council stood This intact until the month (Ibid., the voice. house whole unanimous by

departed 1838. of Prophet had Friday, 15, The May 1836.) January the Although Prophet Smith Joseph

far as as journeyed Kirtland from and had this priest high at ordained a conwas his the desthe state of Missouri, place of Carlos ordained set and was Don ference, other the of along with some brethren tination, year. previous the The at that Presidents apart time Joseph by until brethren, not 25, January it was him, in Kirtland received from message a Smith, Rigdon, Sidney Jr., and Hyrum

) ( 1 at the following of genyear a all 832 priesthood, of councils the the giving later Smith. few 22, days (January A* eral in of the conference held place, to that instructions Church in have remaining

Amherst, Lorain County, Ohio, that he 1836), during the anointing of the them filled up. At this time the council of

Twelve and the Seventy at the Kirtland the Seventies convened for this purpose. was sustained as president of the High

also anointed he Temple, and was were Elders Gaylord Salmon and John Gee (Ibid., Priesthood. Wednesday, Janpriests blessed the to preside high over that council, the sent absent from but word set apart 25, uary 1832.) was He by

(Ibid., 22, quorum. further 1836.) January they to excused wished any from be records: Rigdon. Sidney Prophet The

purcouncil. later Consequently, his services in the assisted Six days he was by

On the 26th, I called a general council counselors in anointing the members of suant to their request, they were excused of the Church, and was acknowledged as his quorum at the temple. and were dropped by the council, and Zera

the President of the High Priesthood, acPulsipher and Henry Herriman were chosen cording to a previous ordination at a conThe fragmentary history available in their places, and were ordained First ference of High Priests, Elders, and memmakes no mention of the names of the Presidents and members thereof.

bers, held at Amherst, Ohio, on the 25th two counselors appointed to assist This organization took the lead in the of January, 1832. The right hand of felPresident Don Carlos Smith. Frequent "Kirtland Camp,"in their journey to Mislowship was given to me by the Bishop, mention is made of their existence, howsouri, where they remained until the winter

time they of 1838 at which were and 1839, Partridge, in behalf of the Church. Edward official ever, sustaining the of and vote

state, Saints the the driven with from by April 26, 1832.) this the given presidency Church was violence. (Statement Young.) of Joseph mob to been appears have (Ibid.,No Thursday,mention at the general conference in held Kirtmade up to this time of the high priests land, Ohio, at the dedication of the In the earliest days of their history,

as a quorum. The revelation on priesttemple, March 27, 1836. the Latterday Saints built homes and

hood, section 107 of the Doctrine and President Don Carlos'Smith was apshrines of culture. In the city of NauCovenants, was not given through the pointed by4 revelation to be president voo, they had their theater and univerProphet until March 28, 1835, at Kirtof the high priests quorum at Comsity, their schools and musical organizaland, Ohio. At a priesthood meeting merce (Nauvoo). (D. 6 C. 124.) tions. "The Glory of God is Intelliheld in the Kirtland Temple January Elders Amasa Lyman and Noah Packgence,"said they, and "Intelligence is

15, 1836, mention is made for the first ard were named counselors. It appears the glory of man."In every city they

time regarding the appointment of a that this is the same quorum of high established on the frontier, they built president of the high priests quorum: priests organized at Kirtland in 1836. institutions of learning, and encouraged

After one hour's adjournment of the Apparently additional quorums were every undertaking that would make for

Council, Elder Don Carlos Smith was not organized until some time after this education. The Seventies, realizing the

nominated to be ordained to the High Priestrevelation was given. importance of their calling, undertook

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted byp Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

TWELVE—CONDUCTEDHAROLDBY THE B.GENERALLEE, CHAIRMAN;PRIESTHOODEZRACOMMITTEETAFT BENSON,OF THEMARIONCOUNCILG. ROMNEY,OF THE THOMAS E, MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, UJovl and Micokol

ANTOINE R. IVINS "Deaders of this column may recall

that thirteen broadcasts examining the building of a library. We find the and that I should be called the first Elder the problem of alcoholic consumption

following in Times and Seasons for of the Church, and he (Oliver Cowdery) in the United States and its effects upon

January 1, 1845: the second. It was on the fifteenth day of the people and institutions in this counMay, 1829, that we were ordained under try were given over the Columbia

Among the improvements going forward the hand of this messenger, and baptized. Broadcasting System Tuesday nights

in the City of Nauvoo, none merit higher (Joseph Smith's Own Story.) from November 12, 1946, to February

praise Seventies'the Library. than The title this series of given 11, 1947. The

first the account menThis makes has footing concern a been on commenced broadcasts Alcohol."and was "You

this scale, dispensation. tion to in the "elder"broad of enough and embrace rethirteen speakers the of was Each

arts sciences, that so the everywhere, and to the ordination subsequent the With in the as expert the of phase garded an Seventies, traveling of the while over face promised, Priesthood, Melchizedek as the spoke. he subject which on Among globe, the the as Lord's Soldiers,""Regular official the the organization of and

titles these addresses "Alcohol were of all things, curious the gather can both na- 6, April 1830, and Church on Joseph the "Alcohol Body,"and artificial, tural and all and Human with the knowledge, "first"Oliver designated the as were Illness,"inventions, of "Alcoholism and and wonderful the specimens Mind,"elders (D. in the Church. "second"that genius been gracing the world and have Drinker,""Public Edu- "The Problem

of others 20:1-3. ) The ordination & C. six for almost years. thousand cation Anonymous,"and Alcoholics

to the Aaronic and Melchizedek Priestand "Abstinence as a Solution."

first conference followed. the hoods destroyed white At the Nauvoo was fair, and competent openminded, An

at their of the Fayette, Saints Church, held beginning were to march New critic the basis likely conclude on would the far west. But the dreams of the York, June 9, 1830, there were in the of things said that alcohol is a "strong

people were never lost, and in 1851, Church, seven ordained elders, three drink"and is not good for the body nor we read in the Fifth General Epistle of priests, and two teachers. The total the mind, nor the spiritual growth of

the Church describing Salt Lake City, Church membership was twentyseven. the imbiber. Dr. Carney Landis, profesthe following: Early Church historical records give sor of psychology at Columbia Univerall that tranonly of account a brief topic, sity, the speaking "Alcohol on the 27, of Seventy, November quorum On It priests, that elders, spired. is evident concluded: the "Alcohol Mind,"and in erect assembled, conference to agreed teachers, deacons been and have orin acts as a depressing drug form any in extensive Salt an rotunda Great Lake of organization since the the dained efficiency."decreases that This mental City, of the "Seventies* Hall to be called

Science."Joseph Young, the president, was Church. At the close of 1831, Church is an interesting and important stateappointed trustee and superintendent of the membership appears to have been apment, for alcohol is often thought to be

work. The foundation of the hall is comproximately two thousand. There were a stimulant to the mind and thus helpmenced on East Temple and Second South at least fortytwo high priests, about ful in the solution of mental problems.

priests, thirty fifty elders, streets. and a and of the StanDr. Newman, Henry W.

of teachers deacons. and number conSchool, ford University Medical Angell, architect of the O. Truman into organized these were Whether things, that: other cluded, "The among the erected, to the temple be up drew first of the the during years quorums in alcohol results of use intemperate

it of plans for Hall Science. the Had determined from cannot be Church disease, especially of disease a bodily

it erected, beaubeen been have would records. available appear, howThey shortens system, span the the nervous

its tiful It in architecture. designed was ever, as to existed groups. only have

life, results in the disruption of of and first for to the library repository the be earliest available record menThe essential conditions the to normal home in to brought the 1851, which had Utah selection of tioning president to a the children."of rearing

- of writings great the masters of Greece, is elders of preside probgroup over a direcexecutive Mrs. Mann, Marty later the nations. and European Rome, following: the ably

tor, for National Education Committee

A council meeting was held at Independon Alcoholism, said the following in her ence, Jackson County, Missouri, for the discussion of "Public Education and Elders Quorum Legacy purpose of choosing an Elder to preside Alcoholics Anonymous":

... Christian in Zion. the Elders over Whitcan never I remember—I forget—the elected [sustained] president Tn writing of the early events of the mer was chronic of years from acute in which I suffered

gospel restoration, the Prophet Jothe Elders in Zion,... (Journal History, alcoholism. They were the most painful

seph Smith records the visitation of September 15, 1832, Far West Record, p. years of my life. I suffered constantly, not

John the Baptist and makes the follow30.) just one kind of pain, but all kinds of pain.

ing observation: A subsequent entry dated September Ifinancially,suffered physically,and socially—inmentally,everyemotionally,departThe messenger who visited us on this oc27, 1832, relates that: ment of my life. I tell you, honestly, and on

casion and conferred this Priesthood behalf of those suffering three million human ( Aaronic ) upon us, said that his name was At a special conference of Elders held on beings—alcoholics—that alcoholism is the

John, the same that is called John the Bapthe Big Blue, Jackson County, Missouri... most painful disease known to man. No one

tist in the New Testament, and that he the Elders in Zion were organized by Chriswho has not gone through it can possibly acted under the direction of Peter, James, tian Whitmer, who himself was set apart as have the faintest conception of what it is and John, who held the keys of the Priesttheir president, according to the action taken like. Most alcoholics do not know what

hood of Melchizedek, which Priesthood, he in a previous meeting. (Far West Record, their trouble is. They don't know they are

said, would in due time be conferred on us, p. 30.) ( Continued on page 470

IULY 1947 469. ))

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN (Continued from page 469) truth—that we were sick, not morally deas I can think of. It is a group in which

sick, that they have a specific disease like praved, but sick of a disease called alcohigh-powered executives and wealthy sodiabetes or tuberculosis, which can be arholism, and we had to have expert help to cialites work together with housewives, rested. get well. laborers, and whitecollar workers on an

They don't know it; their families don't Our second concept, that the alcoholic absolutely equal level. Within that closeknow it; their friends, their employers—even can be helped and is worth helping, can be knit voluntary fellowship that is Alcoholics

their physicians—don't know it. Everyone amply proven today. Almost everyone has Anonymous, men and women from all walks

tells them they should be like other people heard of Alcoholics Anonymous, that extraof life have found freedom together—freeand control their drinking. But that is one ordinary group of people, alcoholics themdom to live and love and hope again—freething alcoholics cannot do. An alcoholic selves who are banded together to help dom to be normal happy human beings as

can never control his drinking—for him it is themselves and each other get well. Their they were meant to be.

all nothing. or sort includes of person membership every

is so this speaker And bases what is the of his disease nature That rich poor, for this and like and and women; men

these statements above on: ( 1 diabetic isthe like sugar, disease, foreswear he other, must of quoted who no respecter any

must learn to live entirely without alcohol. persons and strikes anywhere. As a result, Alcoholism is a disease and the alcoThis he can do. This I have done, and thouAlcoholics Anonymous is as widely repreholic a sick person. (2) The alcoholic

sands like me. But first we had to learn the sentative a crosssection of our population can be helped and is worth helping. (3

WATCH FOR JULY ew OPENING

. SEARS BIG toneers

NEW STORE The Church University 7 - Stores - in - One welcomes young Latterday 49 - Big Departments Saints who seek high standard university training in 8th SOUTH Between the finest social and spiritual environment. MAIN and STATE SEARS For admission to the university a new student must

request an application blank and return it to the 45 COOL Admissions Committee one

COMFORTABLE month before the opening

ROOMS of school.

$2.50 per day and up

ideal spot The for your Applications Due September 1 family's vacation.

In Emigration Canyon just 13 for the Autumn Quarter miles Square from Temple

New Students Orientation...

September 26 DININGIn the cool, refreshing DANCINGBeneath the Stars Registration September 29 and 30 mountains.

<* *—VACATIONING

OViVl% PRIVATE PARTIES

Write or Phone Pinecrest Lodge Salt Lake City PROVO, UTAH

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN This is a public problem and, therefore, who drink. Among these are three milRelative to liquor, we make these

a public responsibility. This column lion alcoholics, Mrs. Mann believes. further remarks. "Threefourths of the

has no disposition to quarrel with these Hence about one person out of every crimes committed in this country are by three statements, but we call attention sixteen—or six percent—who lifts a people who have liquor under their belts

to this selfevident truth: No one ever glass to his lips will become an alco-—and that's putting it mildly,"so regets the disease who never takes the holic, and thus suffer the horrors of the portedly said Police Judge Reva Beck

first drink. Freedom from this terrible "most painful disease known to man."Bosone of Salt Lake City, in a speech

disease is thus absolutely guaranteed Surely this situation demands attention at a recent meeting of the Utah Federato every total abstainer. No one ever and should arouse all America to imtion of Women's Clubs. Again we ask,

falls over the precipice who never goes mediate action. What action, do you why cannot the people of America

near it. No one ever succumbs to a ask? We turn the question back to you. arouse and do something wise and eftemptation from which he keeps far What is your answer? Every person fective relative to the "drink evil."At

away. can easily solve the problem for himthe very least, they can enthusiastically

Now it is estimated that there are self and also help to find a solution for engage in an active, persistent campaign about fifty million people in America the community if he wills to do so. of education for lessening and eliminating the evils of drink. Total abstinence

is a perfect answer.

Enter the "INNER CIRCLE Of Property Protection

OUND PROPERTY deserves the sound "preferred risk"protection developed by

General of America. This capital stock fire

—on the basic policyinsuranceof acceptingcompanyonly preferredwas launchedrisks.inWe've1923

stuck to that policy! As a direct result General is now one of "Coming, Mother!"

the largest in its field.

"You don't have to call twice! I saw you

makin'those keen rennetcustard desserts this mornin'—an'do I love 'em!"

... the into More important, we have relatively fewer losses. Countless wholeBabies—children—grownupsfamily enjoys milk that's made

thousands of our policy holders earn substantial premium savdelicious rennetcustards. They have all

ings. They feel secure in the strength of this better insurance. milk's food value because they aren't

They appreciate our helpful fire inspection service, which helps cooked, and the rennet enzyme makes them even easier to digest than milk itself.

to eliminate needless hazards. We will be glad to furnish full They're so quick and easy to make—give

details without obligation. Inquire today. your youngsters and yourself a treat by

serving rennetcustards today!

Make rennetcustards with either "Junket"Brand Rennet Tablets—not

sweetened or flavored—add sugar and flataste; vor Rennet Powder or "Junket"leader, the General, to new and Look for

in flavors. six delicious sweetened,—alreadyto all virtually better in features forms of all grocers. at For Both free sample

commercial insurance. "Junket"Rennet Tablets, write "Junket"of

Brand Foods, Division of Chr. Hansen's

Laboratory, inc., JJept. 77,.Little.tans,

N. Y.

INSURANCE COMPANY OP

"THE'CAPITAl JTOCK COMPANY OF PRIFERRE6 fttSKS"

Home Offices; Seattle, Wash. Agents Everywhere H. K. DENT, Pre*.

"JUNKET"is the trademark of Chr. Hansen's

Laboratory, Inc., for its rennet and other food

products, and Is registered in the U. S. and Canada.

JULY 1947 471 VL PRESIDING

friedthood Jhrough the l/Jttears men who were commissioned by the

Lord to bear his Holy Priesthood and function under its rights in the kingdom

A few weeks ago, in close order, we their membership exacted, but devoted of God? Theirs was an eternal march

celebrated respectively the one huntheir thinking to an appraisal of what unshackled by the limitations and cirdred and eighteenth anniversary of the little they had to give in exchange for cumstances of time. They were marchrestoration of the Aaronic and Melthat which the Lord had promised to ing with the Lord of Hosts as their

chizedek Priesthoods.

May 15, 1829, the resurrected John the Baptist, vested with the keys of the lesser priesthood since the meridian of time, came under divine commission and conferred the Aaronic Priesthood upon

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery.

"In course of time, and very shortly after the coming of John the Baptist,"

Peter, James, and John ordained Joseph and Oliver to the Melchizedek Priesthood. Their memorable visit hallowed

the banks of the Susquehanna River between Harmony, Pennsylvania, and

Colesville, New York.

At the time of the heavenly messengers'visits, there was not a mortal man to be found on the earth with divine authority to perform a single ordinance pertaining to the kingdom of

God. The kingdom itself was not upon

the earth. There was nothing except

the letter of the law which "killeth"in the absence of the spirit which "giveth life."* Thus a new era broke upon the world when the priesthood was restored one hundred and eighteen years ago. The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints was soon organized and, under priesthood authority, ordinances of the gospel could again be performed in the knowledge of their acceptance on high. The whole world

suddenly became a stage where the greatest soulsaving drama of all time would be enacted under the commission writtenThe restorationby Luacineof C.the FoxAaronicand presentedPriesthood indepictedthe Saltin aLakepageantCity

of divine authority. ClarkSouth as TwentiethJoseph SmithWard,(left). EnsignByron A.Stake.Ray Principalsas Oliver areCowdery,S. Waynewith

From the very day of its organization Lynn McKinlay as John the Baptist.

the Church has been singular in its understanding of the purposes and functions of the Holy Priesthood as these are related to the individual,—singular bestow. Thought they,—"How can Commander in Chief; they knew that

in that every worthy male member of man's greatest ever equal God's least? victory was inevitable.

sufficient age may be ordained to the What little price to pay, that we give Down through the century of time priesthood and thus be placed in a posiour all, even our lives, to be his partsince the kingdom of God was estabtion to receive the eternal blessings ners, to be trusted with divine authority, lished in the tops of the mountains, which follow his faithfulness. to be loved by him, to be received by there have been tens of thousands orfinished. him priesthood. when is not the This dained to Gradually,

allied thus the with men were When sacrifice nor since is privilege the organization of the Church, ithardship,-—thisis of recognized Hosts andLord by him, opportunity."and the blessings opportunity ordinaand of

it is that cheerfully they no enwonder helpless in violence tion until been was have extended mob How now dured the thoughtlessness and the inthe face of such conviction. What fear every worthy male member over twelve

justices of an unfriendly world. The could "man's inhumanity to man,"the years of age may be ordained. Conearly members of the Church thought blistering sands of desert wastes or the sider well what it means for a boy

not upon the privation and hardships biting frosts of winter nights hold for twelve years of age, and through suc472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i k "< i BISHOPRICS PAGE Cdlted bu cU.ee Ar. jaumer

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP Jfhe suobet at tke Xrimsiae OUTLINE OF STUDY

By Bryant S. Hinckley came to the door. I stood there trembling AUGUST 1947

to said him, "Brother and Joseph, I have standards youngster's of con- a A of the the Prophet days Joseph "pROM visit to in the of capacity a you come are determined, duct in one way if it is teacher, the for so day, present to convenient and you."Smith He another, else than anything more by in, said, I or right "Brother William, come are as organized there long and wards

the standards of the of groups which I will pleased to see you; sit and down, the of am in Zion, plan revealed stakes

he is is the a member."judgment Such call in, they soon Very came my family."for gospel carrying the ward teaching

of peace into the homes of the Latterand he then said, "Brother William, I subof two eminent students of human nature as well the as into myself of observation mit family hands,"your and my will in force. vision Saints be day The

seat. his then took he and Brother parents, teachers, "Now, bishops. many and

this of understanding of and an work all said, the William,"questions "ask he in Particularly inthe adolescence its place rested importance have and feel like."this all fear time you By my fluence is of the or paragroup "crowd"this president every of Church. upon I said, trembling ceased, and had and these mount. During years peoyoung President recordGeorge Cannon Q. live trying to "Brother are Joseph, your you ple trying are to be up. grown They this in the incident history I of said, religion?"Wiled then answered, "Yes."He naturally seek emancipation from home said, in family?"pray your Farrington liam you "Do Cahoon: He

ties. full achieving Not grownup the teach family "Yes."your you "Do

I was called and ordained to act as a principles of the gospel?"He replied, "Yes, stature, they seek to build their morale

ward teacher to visit families of the Saints I am trying to do it.""Do you ask a blessthrough membership in and activity

(in Nauvoo). I got along very well until ing upon the food?"He answered, "Yes."with the "crowd."

I found that I was obliged to pay a visit to "Are you trying, to live in peace and harWe adult leaders of youth need to be the Prophet. Being only seventeen years of mony with your family?"He said that he reminded occasionally of how large

age, I felt my weakness in visiting the was. I turned to his wife, Sister Emma, and the social problem looms to the adoleshis of in the family capacity Prophet and live a said, "Sister trying are to you Emma, all else, cent. told, are he we

felt I like shrinking teacher. from almost religion? children teach your your you Do his wants sex and own Abovefriendship—with I this his Finally to duty. door and went their try parents? teach to to obey you Do opposite. the with will he behave And in the a Prophet and knocked, moment, on {Concluded page 479)

in almost any way necessary to achieve this goal. ceeding years, to have the authority to What do these facts mean to leadoffices in the represent the Lord greater Priesthood. opportuHoly No of the THE PRESIDING ersI. ofTheyouthyouthleaderin the Church?must not only

nity is available to man for the developBISHOPRICS PAGE know each in his charge as an individment of character and for the cultiva- "\l 7ith this Centennial issue of The ual, but also in his relationship to other tion of the higher qualities of the soul. * * Improvement Era we begin the youths.

Bishopric's Presiding page and we Priestthe of bearers Aaronic The Questions Priesthood the and Aaronic eliminate in from have alone numbers hood grown 1. (a) he friends Does have and pages. boy Teaching Ward 15, to one 1829, over hunon two May girl (b) friends? Bishopric's page Presiding The

this in records on dred thousand ward all proinstructions will carry 2. on are they? Who Still year. Centennial other thouUtah direction of the under grams coming 3. the interests activiare and What

enare sands ordained been have who in office. this both age Workers ties of the to becrowd he which

all the in missions rolled of the Church Priesthood the Aaronic of groups longs?

the girls'world over membership on and Saint Latterday the program, 4. priesthood Does the Church—his particuidentified teaching are not with and records ward wards or work

auxiliary and any this classes—bear regularly consult larly to urged legion missions. are hosts guided These

this relationship its to or crowd in helps for suggestions and page faithful of leaders from thousands by activity? their responsibilities. Priestof the the Melchizedek quorums information (This should be gained

stand as "watchmen on the hood who inquiry—not in towers"of the Aaronic the work within them. We are priesthood offibyby observationdirect interrogation.and casual

discovwho have Priesthood—leaders the of Lord to commissioned cers, duly aim in all of our proII. Our Church

ered the futility of professing a love is darkness, light for provide where there should for youth gram to be not only the Lord unless such affection is demonhope where there is despair, love where build fine Latterday Saints, but also in strated serving one all assist is hate, another—in there and to men to in Saints, groups fine of Latterday "feeding lambs."his sheep—his of the lives with gain eternal Lord which and girl in each boy the ward

We have the records of the past; we Hosts. can find a place. If we fail in this, we

have the opportunities of the future. History has recorded the accomplishmay find that while we teach our boys

There are new frontiers, new horizons, ments of one of the greatest priesthood and girls Sunday morning, preach to bursting upon us every day. We, like eras of all time. The years that lie ahead them Sunday evening, and call them on

they who have gone before, are pioare full of promise. Priesthood's might the phone Wednesday night, their

futile attempt the will lay must blaze waste man's who will to loyalty the be with "crowd"which neers—pioneers

is leadership, progress. trail in priesthood There bar its no end to break real to more them than our may seem

ground in the repentant hearts of men priesthood since there is no end to Godwords.

for the building of the kingdom of God hood. ( Concluded on page 479

JULY 1947 473 BDflKSBDRNE Josephine B. Nichols

Homespun Meals of 1847 Dioneer women of Utah were reallygood cooks; they had no delicatessen

around the corner. But they had meat

and meal to go around; wood was at

the door, and hospitality and love in their hearts.

The following are samples of meals served by those thrifty women the first year in the valley.

(Taken from Pioneer Diary of Eliza

R. Snow.) "Upon arriving in the valley had a treat of wild currants, and a kind of chokecherry.

"We dined on pancakes and molasses, and supped on biscuits made from flour ground in the valley, butter, sage tea, dried beef, peach sauce, sweetened fried cake, and custard pie.

:#;: "Potato soup for breakfast, supped

on Johnny cake, dried beef, boiled milk and bread."

The following recipes were taken from the first issues of the Young

Woman's Journal:

To Cook Young Prairie Chicken Prairie chickens, when young, as well as partridge and grouse, are best broiled, while the older birds are better roasted or stewed.

Split the bird down through the back, lay it open upon the gridirons, sprinkle with pepper, salt, and a little flour. Serve with

and hot biscuits split and buttered.

Venison Chops MINUTE Dip the chops in melted butter and broil

MENUS portionover a clearis thoroughlyfire, turn cooked,often soseasonthat everywith pepper and salt.

Yes sir... right in step with the spirit Put into a saucepan, a cupful of hot waof our great Centennial celebrations. ter, a tablespoon of currant jelly, half a

dozen pepper corns, two cloves. Heat well

And speaking of holidays - another together until the jelly is dissolved, then place the chops in the saucepan on the side traditional team are the festive cheeses of the stove for ten minutes; serve with the

and cold cuts out of your ice box... sauce poured.over them. M

served with delicious Saltines by Purity. Duke of Wellington's Pudding

There's a minutemenu the hungry One pound flour, six ounces of beef suet ones applaud! (chopped very fine) a little allspice, a little

pinch of baking powder, a small cup of molasses, a large heaping tablespoon of ground ginger (more if liked) a tablespoon of sugar, water to make a stiff batter. Boil

in a wellgreased bowl or mold, from two to three hours. Serve with sweet sauce.

Indian Pudding

Two cups Indianmeal, one cup of molasses, two quarts of milk, two eggs, butter size of half egg, one tablespoon ginger.

Scald one quart of the milk and pour it boiling on the meal, stirring well, and next the cold milk, butter, eggs, and ginger. Boil in I T B IS C U18PANY SALT LAKE well buttered tin five hours, and serve with

cream. 474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Lefty, your car picksup like a tired pitcher fielding a bunt"

BATBOY: As a ballhawk you're strictly big

league, but with cars you bat.000. Listen to

that motor! It's laboring like a rookie in Yankee

Stadium. Wise up, pal, and fill up with Chevron

Supreme Gasoline. It's "climatetailored"to

fit local driving conditions, and its high octane rating slugs those pesty pings right out ofthe lot.

LEFTY: Son, you're throwing strikes. With

Chevron Supreme under the throttle, we take off like a line drive. And notice how she flies

up the hills with nary a knock. Standard's

Chevron Supreme Gasoline looks like a surefire tripleplay combination to me, kid—fast

starting, smooth pickup, and an easy putout on pings. tfs goodgoing on There is no better gasoline at CHEVRON STATION any price GAS SUPREME GASOLINE

JULY 1947 475 fiosd/u LOW PIONEER JOURNAL FROM A DISTANT HILL

By Christie Lund Coles By Berta Huish Christensen

first resentment; she felt despair then At

deeper. She Cut would never know how Nauvoo rr

sweet FARES"* left the beautiful; I *oday Nauvoo, we fulfilled be, could nor dream would The

*- stark temple, towering the saw feet We her TO SAN FRANCISCO high, and trail, prairie grass the her hair along Sway

Our empty homes, then turned to face the Loosed to the night wind. She would never

dull, make Western expanse of loneliness and sky."The slow ascent beyond the treeless plain,

The words are written carefully and slow, See canyon purple deepening with rain,

Each phrase is fashioned meaningful and Or watch in spring the desert furrow break clear, With lifting seed. So frail and feverspent,

Yet, now and then, a small blotch lets me Only her heart's desire, only her smile know Would travel with the covered wagon file.

tear. a words were interruptedThe by She must remain—a severed leaf—content

seeI read her journal and over now seeing mistyeyed Moses, Like and still,

The gallant preparations for the West. The promised valley from a distant hill.

I understand her words, "God made man free To worship. We shall yet find comfort,

A spotrest,where every one of us will dare

Kneel down in peace to say an honest prayer."

Crossing the Plains FAST and ECONOMICAL "The miles stretch endless; nothing can be For example:

seen But space on space, forbidding mountain COACH FARES SS "$Z? height,

And barren, fruitless plains, bereft of green. San Francisco 17.16 '32.30

Faith leads our day, sustains our alien Add 75% Federal Ta night."I try in vain to visualize the trek:

The arid miles, the earth's hostility,

And tears rise that I cannot hold in check,

Reading her final words of tragedy:

"Our darling baby ill. He is so hot,

His heart beats like a small bird's in his throat."The later words, "Here in this lonely spot THEY CAME

We laid our son."Then, hurriedly, she By Gene Romolo wrote

As though her faith might somehow fail her '"Phey came one hundred years ago now faith of torch a flaming with f- Came"God to light high an knows the answer. We must trust, Held way. unhewn somehow."DE LUXE RECLINING Their wraith courage wavering was no

That wanes before an adverse day. CHAIR CARS

This Is the Place It westward urged their bleeding feet

Across a wild expanse of plains, TOURIST SLEEPERS "At last we have arrived; the journey's In summer's sun, in winter's sleet,

done. To free them from despotic chains..STANDARD PULLMANS

We kneel to pray; our tears are unshamed, They came and, by their coming, wrought Bedrooms, Drawing Rooms,

battle the perilous lands. miracle have seen withFor won, untamed we A

the lips fears conquered and, never have coming, taught CompartmentsHave by their came They named. The dignity of laboring hands. DINING CAR"This is the place,'he said, and though it

seems Sensible Prices IS THIS it THE PLACE that will yieldDesolate now, know we PULLMANS THROUGH of rose. All as our blossom a dreamsAnd Stewart Boyer By Claire Coast to Coast first, field."fruition find ripe in theWill

I is until halted, the script read slow, is the place,"to '""Phis those whose dream AIRCONDITIONED in line,Finding her courage every new born—was

is faith that here only martyrsFor know; COMFORT fire, of pain, blood patience of and Of and

is spirit divine. the charged with aHere lifegiving as as rain, words magic Were

O Pioneer, who gave me heritage, As filled with glory as the sky at morn!

Let me write nobly, too, my journal's page. The Promised Land made visible, made real,

For every mind saw future blossoming, For information call:

And every wintered heart was lit with spring. H. R. COULAM,

A PLEASANT THOUGHT Uponseal!their foreheads they could sense God's 48GeneralSouth MainAgentStreet

By Deon Nethercott Olson ThisOf Abraham,was a sacredof Joseph,soil, aridof theythe hopethe seed Phone 4-6551

Of ages; theirs the great eternal scope

T like to think of God Visioned by seer and valiantly decreed!

As living in a bower This was their prayer, the dream in all their

Where every kindly deed of man eyes:

Has grown into a flower. "Here let the Zion of thy word arise!"WESTERN PACIFI

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A NEW EM BEGINS

No high powered tractors, bulldozers, An American flag is hoisted as the last The Hotel Utah as it is today, acclaimed trucks or steamshovels grace this landpiece of structural steel is placed in by world travelers as one of the world's scape as excavation begins. position. truly great hotels.

Hotel Utah Achieves World Fame

Historians may well mark June 1, 1909, as the end of the horseand-buggy gaslit era of Utah, and the beginning of the age of modern services and conveniences. For this was the date of the beginning of

the Hotel Utah, constructed on the property which for more than 50 years belonged to Brigham Young and his family.

Two years later, June 11, 1911, the Hotel Utah opened its doors, and one of its first guests was President Taft, who proclaimed it as "a hotel that ranks with any in the world... a great and imposing

structure, elegantly and magnificently furnished."

In recent years, under the managing directorship of Guy R.

Toombes, the Hotel Utah has achieved new distinction for its accommodations and services. beenElegantlyaptlyfurnishedtermed "Utah'sHotel Utahmeetinglobbyplace"has

and "The Crossroads of the West."

Starlite Gardens atop Hotel Utah, describLuxurious Empire Room is scene of gay The popular Coffee Shop of the Hotel ed by a famous newspaper columnist as dinnerdancing festivities throughout Fall, Utah is acknowledged as one of the finest "the most beautiful spot on earth."DinnerWinter and Spring seasons. Luncheon restaurants in the country. Open daily

dancing featured nightly (Except Sunday) served here year 'round. Airconditioned from 7 a.m. to 9 p.m.

throughout the summer season. for complete comfort.

JULY 1947 477 READ—and KNOW

THE THRILLING STORY OF UTAH T CENTURY Read the stories of the great events and remarkable personalities who lived and served, strengthened and promoted the Faith in stirring days of adventure and empirebuilding.

NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFUL...$3.00 BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER $3.00

By E. Cecil McGavin By Milton R. Hunter

UTAH, THE STORY OF HER PEOPLE $2.75 DANIEL HANMER WELLS $2.50

By Milton R. Hunter By B. S. Hinckley

$2.50 F. SMITH LIFE OF JOSEPH BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN AND HIS

Smith Fielding By Joseph $2.50 WORK

By Preston Nibley LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL $3.00

LIFE AND TRAVELS OF PARLEY P. PRATT..$2.50 By Orson F. Whitney

$1.50 BOY $2.50 BEN THE WAGON CLASSICS THREE MORMON R 'Driggs By Howard Preston Nibley Compiled by

STORIES UTAH INDIAN """""$2 '25 DENNIS ANDBY THEMabelMORMONS - Harmer BATTALION....$2.00 By Milton R. Hunter

EXODUS OF MODERN ISRAEL $1.00 ST0RY OF BaJI?SBSSef INEEHS $2"

SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED $2.75 PAHUTE INDIAN LEGENDS....... $1.75

By Helen Cortez Stafford By William R. Palmer

... and these great "background"stories of Utah's founding:...

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET $3.00 JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50

By Preston Nibley By Daryl Chase

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH OF MORMON....$2.25...$2.50 WITNESSES OF THE BOOK by Preston Nibley By His Mother—Edited Nibley By Preston

$2.50 PRATT'S ORSON WORKS AND THEIR PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH SMITH PROPHET..$3.00 JOSEPH AMERICAN AN

$ 1.50 Evans By John Henry FULFILMENT

—and scores of other wellwritten, intriguing works on one of the great epochal events in American and Western

history—the settlement and development of Utah and the Intermountain empire. Write for complete lists.

USE THE COUPON BELOW FOR PROMPT DELIVERY OF THE ABOVELISTED BOOKS

DESERET44 East South Temple BOOKP. O. Box 958 COMPANYSalt Lake City 10, Utah

The Book Center of the Intermountain West

Please send the books as checked above. Enclosed is $ (Add 2% Sales Tax in Utah.)

Name Address

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Gospel at the Outline of Study

Fireside Young( Concludedpeople arefroma pagegood473deal) like (Concluded from page 473) sheep—they like to follow and graze

them to pray?"To all of these questions with the herd. We must, therefore, be

she answered, "Yes, I am trying to do so."concerned not only with individuals,

I then turned to Joseph and said, "I am now but also with individuals participating through with my questions as a teacher. in groups. Our whole Church program

Now, if you have any instructions to give, is so designed.

I shall be happy to receive them."He said, The last two months we have disIf William. you Brother bless you,"God cussed group

shall faithful, have you andare humble inside of ward beand difficulties all that come to settle projectsbuildings—projectsfor the outsidepower

fore you in the capacity of a teacher."I then in which young people can work, play,

left my blessings with this family and took eat, build, create, and serve together my departure. (Juvenile Instructor, vol. 27, under wise but not too obvious leader-

p. 492.) ship.

During his remaining days Brother Next month we shall indicate what to in recreation the of area can do we this experience and cherishedCahoon the within friendships build more it pride. referred with tooften

find try to the In meantime Church.

this related F. Whitney Elder Orson

listed questions to the the out answers teachers of who some humbleaccount in above in this column. Brigham President Youngcalled on his home. The President received the

teachers with kindness and considerapanionship of that humble, yet remarktion. After they had explained the purable man whose testimony he so much

pose of their visit and had made such appreciated. This was one of the faithinquiries as they thought proper, they building experiences of his boyhood

itthen asked him for advice. The Presidays. What an ideal combination

little really is for exwith a young man to himquestionsdent some propounded M older an to accompany man ilere's a real chicken one perienceself, them. This was and answered

of the questions. "Brother Brigham, of mature experience on a mission of dinner—-"half a chicken in

spiritual as importance such ward of the keep household yourdoes Word price the per at about can"a teaching. mission of Heber The J. Grant, coffeethe allow or they doWisdom, for to have you'd pay pound high Park, a priest, a Hamilton G. and question This to them?"masterpot

was followed by other questions adpriest, on the Lord's errand is typical of hamburger.

finest that opportunities of the such which one meal himself. to a answers is Anddressed The—tender,

in this afforded Brother Park Church. rich juicy all information chicken of the gravy supplied andhe gave

the teachers needed and served as a had the deepest love and respect for his—already cooked so all you

good example to them. young companion, the future president,; need do is heat and eat.

It is said that President John Taylor and this love and respect was fully received the ward teachers with the reciprocated in the young man's heart. Great with Hot Biscuits

of these two teachers were The visits respect that he andsame deference For a special treat serve Lyrtin vain. never visitors. receive royalwould

To our knowledge, no other recorded President George Albert Smith, as a den Chicken Fricassee with statement makes clearer the importance young man holding the Aaronic PriestHOT BISCUITSor for variety and sanctity of ward teaching than hood, served as a ward teacher in the serve With tender dumplings

Salt Seventeenth with Lake City Ward F. President of Josephthese words or in savory chicken pie. efficiency dependability the and same ago. years thirtytwo deliveredSmith

with which he has served in every other

I do not know of any duty that is more capacity. The ward teachers who now A Meat

sacred or more necessary if it is carried out visit the President's home on Yale for the Whole Family teachit the of duties the shouldas than be delight to call City in Salt Lake Avenue The big 29ounce makes can visit and people the of theers homes who there, of the because welcome warm full virto families admonish them them, with for mostpray meat who a to extended the encouragethem and to faith to love, unity, and totue and honor, mm—quick, economical and inspiration they rewhich ment and of Zion, fidelity the causein to who andstrive to settle uncertainties in the minds ceive. No ward teacher ever visits nourishing—no waste, no

of the people and bring them to the standPresident George Albert Smith withwork, no trouble.

ard of the knowledge that they should out being made happy and at ease.

possess in the gospel of Jesus Christ. May All who comprehend the dignity of Get a big, familysize can foday.

all the people open their doors, call in the this work can never regard it as comfamilies, respect of their andmembers calling or unimportant. the monplace This *d%Hdett (zfa'tHinf 7te&(4

visits to their teachers of the homes ward the implies a spiritual stewardship over in bring striving to about join with themand that of those the teachers are apif in possible, the condition, home lives a better pointed to visit. wellbeing Their must exists. ordinarilythan

be the teacher's constant concern. In

President Heber J. Grant frequently taking the gospel to the home, you take

told of his experience as a ward teachit to the very source of things. The

er. In this capacity, he accompanied atmosphere of the home is, after all, the

Hamilton G. Park in visiting families best criterion by which to gauge the

of the Thirteenth Ward. All of his spiritual level of the ward or of the

days, the President cherished the comChurch.

JULY 1947 479

Never teo late to OltrftATE I

BECAUSE, molecular attraction fastens a special ingredient in Conoco N** Motor Oil so closely to metal surfaces of your engine that cylinder walls are actually OilPlated...

BECAUSE, this extra lubricant resists gravity... stays COflO&O up on cylinder walls... can't all drain down, even

overnight... Conoco N'A gives extra protection

from "dry"starts... extra protection from carbon

and sludge caused by wear... extra smooth, cool,

silent miles

BECAUSE it's never too late, make a date to OilPlate... today!

0*R your engine jfa&(Z%X&

Copyright 1947, Continental Oil Company

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

One Hundred Years of Scouting Yes, they've come and gone but

{Continued from page 435) ing. He wants to develop prowess CARBON BISULPHIDEand skill in the things which make

men out of his imaginary heroes. Remove from his life in scouting the Inis still here and holds first place

dians, the stalking, the wild things, as a herbicide the trackless wilderness, and the boy would quickly desert it. Play thatroots.will Morningkill noxious,glory,deeprootedwhitetop,weedsknapweed,at the

up the honor of Chingachgook, the Canada Thistle and scads of others can be endless endurance of Colter, the controlled by a single treatment with lasting wilderness skill and honesty of Careffect that will not injure the soil and is harmson, and the boys begin to see some less to grazing cattle.

sense to the Scout law. Scouting is Thousands of acres have been reclaimed from

great because men, using the backheavy weed infestations throughout the West.

drop of canyon and mountain, desert This chemical has been employed in all large and plain, sea and ship, interpret weed control projects with perfect satisfaction.

these things to the boys in terms of Economical and easy to apply by means of a

Mack AntiWeed Gun. Get an early start andmoral conduct, so subtly that the

boys seldom fathom the intent. put the entire place into production.

In the practical application any Sendlearn howfor ourthis isfreedone.illustrated folder 212P and

man who attempts to use these very real ideals must become as one of

fail. will must He or hethem be as WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER the mounas the to boynecessary

tains, the canyons, the sea, the ships, Division of Stauffer Chemical Company the desert, the plains. The boy must 63 6 CA 1. 1FQ fc N IA ST R E E T SAN j R A N C I S CO 8

imagine his leader in the setting of these moving, gigantic forces—as Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

the master of them all. And even as

the scoutmaster is master of these things, so he knows somehow that iliill he, in his turn, must make the boys in his care know of the reality of the mastery.

leader, the fails S8t when Scouting Go GREYHOUND gives cut, short a to takethinking

Ithe boy only the vicarious touch. The for most schedules

boy in his care must sense; not alone

the loneliness of being lost by hearhousehold cUJJ kUing about it, he must experience the Go GREYHOUND

Betor., merely war feeling. must notactual He j money! I for lower fares same sweat blinding the theread about and ing*e-:-feUsat

the aching backs and shoulders of the conquerors of the wilderness, but I Go GREYHOUND the pack with must go outhe on his box at your g< I for more courtesy shoulders, aching the ignoringback, and, wiping the blinding sweat from his eyes, press forward and conquer. I LSx>VGH CHEMISE::3I

XMe cannot know all that BadenJj|;

Powell had in his mind when he started to organize scouting. But One ticket—one baggage check

we are sure that his cardinal rule of to anywhere in America. Only

conduct was that boys should learn Greyhound offers so much for to do things for themselves. so little. Ask your nearest OverWe do not know exactly what land Greyhound agent about

made President Joseph F, Smith say frequent schedules and low fares.

that we should accept scouting as a, e h:l a'Ki.dboys'program. Perhaps it was the o vmemory of his own boyhood, when G R E Y H UNO

the pioneer process of vigorous Operated hy INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and (Concluded on page 483) UNION PACIFIC STAGES. INCORPORATED

JULY 1947 481.

Beet growers on irrigated land like the extra clearance and freedom of spacing tools on Case narrowrow cultivators, also the accuracy and sturdy simplicity of Case planters, as the as well Word beet is the operation strength and easy of Case beet lifters and tillage implements.

Fits Your Way Farming

ae fo the Cause itJ he Case u.

atld hull threshes 8roTver* T?1 -

lets seew lfaainz Sh *U fr8J.fc OPSCaPacitvSleve?caSer C* TBasssasm'.;:.:.;,;:,:."sv.... '"'ii:.1.J:.Jfg.

>::.;>.v':i:;:>;::':: -;;::: -'

'.:v''

of the hheatPHH ***"on bea -fi&Xcs the1*seal

"4 ceoaft and?essSd *fease> p*o

mote \e av?siterrcaseitote mitt I-':.-.

%*a* *Atu oVoi rtt>?:?**Zi*Zso.cove >"'

n* \rbaVe AW* SVice1ic..cetv9r<\ivida

{or tke o?; rateLV'OS1;t. tfpopuVc tbat waffocv

itsetftb

Case tioI1 4., ones taster.witn t

fiShscreen,.mmer {eedtec"#*"lfi>Vetiau through miurttmavarietyvariety fan g $ ofo t cfreens%have eight*r"* i 1

gives avaliable edg fstaarp*** cutting ''-: -: -.::::-..';- Hfe. cefle"diagpm Sghtfoid

Today, as for a hundred years, the guiding principle of this Company is to create farm machines that bring forth higher yields per man. They

do it partly by better work that raises yield per acre, but more by faster work to increase the acreage per day of labor. Endless effort to build

machines stronger, simpler, and more capable will create still greater

Case machines, to serve you still better in the years ahead. Keep in

touch with your Case dealer. J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, One Hundred Years Presenting a of Scouting

ciaat>gMiiB {Concluded from page 481)

Book * effect, in full learning he was and MAIM

U.Kl SALT learnnot of 1912 see AT CITT.SOUTHUTAH}T could the boys

ing the lessons. The first committee

ONE F T H E had something of the idea when they

GREAT HOTELS organized that first trip over the old

OF THE WEST trail, and although they planned it their the hearts was all—in

learn the lessons desire THl HUR to have the boys and experience what they knew so by enjoyable For a more true. visit well with to be Standing them Leak V. ** in Salt in this, to Lake City for the anxious when and boys

stay at the Newhouse have more of the outof-doors than popular *>"—

Hotel... 400 Modern they were then receiving, was Anprice

Ivins, then thony an apostle. private W. each with Rooms *e capturesc P author,, Q.n Ivins President the motion made bath

official scouting in the mtrue exi became this 9reQ oi in when food Enjoy delicious

... Church. our new

The years that President George 1. vot m'Ultra Modern

COFFEE SHOP Albert Smith has given to build inand tegrity in boys through the program

DINING ROYALDistinctively Beautiful ROOM intohave thehad leadershiptheir great ofeffect.the ComingM.I.A., Conditioned Both Air

Garage Facilities Adjacent when scouting was struggling for recognition, he gave new impetus to the movement. Through his activity

and cooperation he not only was largely responsible for increased growth of scouting in the Church but he also gained national recognition for the Church and for himself. The

hard work and leadership given by

President B. H. Roberts, is not well

known, but in those early years he led out in giving it strength and romantic adventure. The inspiring

touch of the hand of Oscar A. Kirkham, in the scene at the beginning,

and taking the leading role in the drama as time went on, could only have been given because of a basic belief in the effectiveness of the proIHUTMefMAt> gram.

The Church has said the basic truth through its first leader: "Teach Ornamented with Brigham Young Medallion. Copper -Spun

them correct principles and let them finish. Letters 1347 1947 & UTAH embossed on solid copper.

govern themselves."In 1947 we MiniaturePrice $2.00bagperofsetSaltI slightlyfrom GreathigherSaltsomeLakeareas).attached to each let.

give it a new dress and say it prosai- // NoJ Avadablt al S'ortt ut Your tatalifj Utf Coupon Bitov.

cally, "to teach boys to do things for themselves, by the COC/PON; methods com- 3 /&/S Scouts."monly used by Boy

While boys are in their inspiring for whichPleaio I sendinclose $ tat* of Utah(@ Centennial$2.00 per sot)Salt—ORand Pepperssend

C. in O. D. case in their which I agree youth, put to let us pay the postman regular Q

price cents plus postage. few a tent, pack, the and Plainly) (Pleas* Print the trail—andhands the

letting them hold the map and comNam* pass, with them chart out the path AddrouCity Stato to the goal of manhood. {Viet pay matting charges when your order is accompanied by

Let us not forget that the secret certified check or Atone/ Order, j of it all in the minds of boys is, as

Robert W. Service said: INLAND MFG.& SALES C0.

It's not the gold that I'm wanting so much P.O.BOX207 LOGAN.UTAH

as just finding the gold.

JULY 1947 483 Original DAYNES store built of logs and located on street now known as East First South.

The new marble front store of Daynes Music Company located at 4547 South Main Street.

to right

JOHN DAYNES

Musician and Jeweler.

Brought musical instruments to Utah in ox carts. Founder of the

house of DAYNES in ROYAL W. DAYNES SinxjL (pwnsuui, America.

President, Daynes Music (Daydu... Company

the house of DAYNES has contributed an important part in the business and musical life of Utah. The DAYNES

family is one of the very few who have been continuously JOSEPH J. DAYNES

in business for nearly one theFirst Tabernacle,official organistwhichof position held he from R. DAYNES GERALD

1901. to 1867 Comsince years, hundred 1 862 and to VicePresident L. S. D. of poser many Music Daynes Manager, hymns. of exact, a heritage which be Co.

the present generation is justly proud.

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY is the oldest music store in the entire west, from its

predecessors down to the present day. It is the largest and best music store in Utah, controlling many outstanding lines of merchandise including Steinway and Lester Pianos and

almost everything in musical merchandise.

i jbayneb tflusic Co.

[ 4547 so. main si. sblt lrhe city ""|

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MARRIAGE AND THE L D. S. FAMILY

(Continued from page 456) The Latterday Saint home should ity. Economic defeats, loss of life,

hearts will respond to the divine inexert a great influence upon the crippling effects of disease, and emojunction: "Multiply and replenish moral and spiritual character of the tional conflicts in living must not

the earth."The home they build will children. Social values may be bring defeat to family living. A

become the cradle of a new generataught in the school, but in the home religious philosophy of life does suption. They will thank a higher Powthey are first implanted into their port and bridge the gaps produced

er for their desire to unite with his daily living. The children see worthy by all kinds of crises. These disasters

plan to bring spirits into a mortal examples of honesty displayed in cannot be adequately surmounted existence. These children will be dealing with members in the family, unless the members of the family

their eternal blessing—sealed to neighborhood, and community. have been given the insight to share

them into the bonds of a great family They learn the strength of virtuous the goal toward which they work.

for the eternities. living and are guided around the Some families go on the "rocks"and

ensnaring pitfalls of social vices. are destroyed by vicious attacks of

\\7hen children bless a Latterday The day never comes to an end or undesirable influences because their

Saint family and the happy parthe night never passes without the spiritual foundation is not secure.

ents look into their little faces, they watchful care being demonstrated But families hold together who have will dedicate their lives to bring the over the moral behavior of the mem- a deep sense of loyalty to a great fullest possibilities and blessings to bers in a Latterday Saint home. spiritual goal. The individual memtheir offspring. There will be no Faith in the noble accomplishments bers are inspired with a worthy desserious negligence of the child's of great men and women become tiny and realize what it means to

physical or spiritual needs, for that constant reminders that youthful be cut loose from a spiritual anwould disgrace a genuine Latterday minds may aspire to become like our chorage.

Saint home. As their children magreat heroes and heroines. There are occasions when even

ture, the parents will remember that The father and mother realize that the best families seem in extreme a youthful prophet was inspired to if their children depart into moral danger of being shipwrecked. The

reveal that parents are accountable delinquencies it will weaken the deep abiding interest of the Church to God to teach their children correct whole social structure. The family will hasten to save such worthy famprinciples and guide them to obey must stand together and derive ilies. The Church of Jesus Christ of

the fundamentals of the restored strength from struggling against the Latterday Saints possesses the

Church. difficulties which threaten its Stabilvitality and a philosophy of family

life that will rescue a struggling e/to Centennial Commission—Arts Division itsfamily.strengthThe comesChurchfromhas standingdiscoveredin

SPECTACULAR NEW MUSICAL loyal support to the families who (Continued on page 486)

for 4 Quick Summer Meat SALAD rs

U of U July 21 to August 9 "BISCUITS

Stadium (EXCEPT SUNDAYS) BOWL Swell hot biscuits! They're easy! Just

add water to Fisher's Biskit Mix and the dough's ready to pop into the

An original production depicting - in drama and niusic their the in of oven. thelrek Ptoneers'ond eqrfy Mormon days those biscuits are Mmrrimmm—

Salt Valley. take by. Arnold Sundgoard. Book

super! Fisher's Biskit Get n9 ALFRED Gates. Tamirjs. Music Crawford 10 by Mix... by Helen

Broadway.;storsDances orchestra. SingingDRAKEStar, of Great65piece Guest stage screen. ond -In Mixes -One.

'Dr. 'of 'reeled Lowell C. Lees. by "OKLAHOMA!

Reserved Seats $3.00 and $2.40. General Admission $1.20 Children 50c (tax incl.)

Mail orders must include selfaddressed stamped envelope.

Address "PROMISED VALLEY,"Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

"700 Years of American Painting"... Centennial Art Museum, State Fair Grounds. July 1 thru

29. General Admission 25c, Children 15c. Free tickets given with each ticket purchased for

"PROMISED VALLEY."

TABERNACLE CHOIR CENTENNIAL CONCERTS. While they fast... first 25,000 reserved seats

purchased for "PROMISED VALLEY"will include additional free bonus tickets to one of the following special Tabernacle Choir Concerts. Be sure to state choice of dates: July 6, "The

Creation"; July 13, Helen Traubel; July 20, "The Restoration"; August 17, "The Elijah."

JULY 1947 485

Marriage and the L D. S. Family

[Continued from page 485) compose its membership. Just as the

members in a family stand by each other, so the Church will stand by its many families. In unity there is

derived a strength that prevents a crippling crisis from destroying a family or a group of families, provided they have learned to cooperate with the saving virtues of the

Church.

"Hollowing the economic and social disorganization of another world war, the family is suffering severe hardships. All the factors which go

to destroy wholesome family life are exerting their disorganizing effects to break up home life. Inroads into

the Latterday Saint family are being felt. We ask: Why should divorce

play havoc with those who enter marriage with hopes of eternal happiness? Although our divorce rate is

approximately two and onehalf times as low as the United States, it is still alarming. Over a period of V.\ ACT*OH the last twentyfive years we have

had one divorce to every eighteen

Of course you can unwrap a bar of marriages in the total membership of the Church. However, those who

FelsNaptha Soap without being overrun by were married in the temple by midgets... but you can't use FelsNaptha without Church Authorities have been more

successful in their marriages, with discovering the fastest and surest cleaning action one divorce to every twentysix maryou have ever had in the house. riages, while the members who were

married by civil authorities, find their

Dirt just can't escape the Fels combination of family ties dissolved one out of every eleven marriages.

good mild soap and active naptha. No matter Evidence points to the value of orwhere dirt is hidden FelsNaptha finds it. ganized religion in supporting the

discover Loosens it quickly and gently. Floats it stability of the family. We

that even some Latterday Saints away without a tattletale trace. who have been married in the most

ideal manner come to a parting of

Isn't this just the cleaning action the ways. Perhaps too much confidence was placed in the saving virthat you need on washdays? tue of religious ordinance, and there

Isn't FelsNaptha exactly was a failure to be converted from the kind of laundry soap within to the spiritual ideals that hold the family together during the that you have been storms of adversity. How can this

trying to find? family disorganization be averted?

Parents are responsible for developing in their children attitudes of inward attachment for enduring values. The young people should

respond by building a moral and spiritual world within themselves so in that rapid they can resist changesFelsNaptha Soap environment. Children have who

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY ( Concluded on page 489 486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY 1947 487 "Gorgeous!"Typical reaction! Fuller's awl ttid

new "Gotogether"Wall Colors do captivate—do fill that longdenied

color craving. They were professionally

created—for homes; for harmony, for

high light reflection, for sheer

cleanliness, for liveability.

See them. You'll plan to use them.

They're so easy to apply. Fast to dry.

Inexpensive, too!

Have a new room new colors.

"Gotogether"Colors! Beautiful.

Stimulating. Pride by the roomfull!

"'w- -

FREE "knOWhow"FOLDERS Whatever you plan to paint, Fuller has a folder telling how to do it. Simple

rules for sure results. Easy! Twenty folders: ceilings,

walls, woodwork, furniture, floors, etc. Ask your

Fuller Paint Dealer. Get one, or get twenty. All For big painting jobs it is wise to call

FREE. Free, and easy to follow. Try one. in a reputable Painting Contractor.

THERE'S A FULLER PAINT WALL COLORS DEALER NEAR YOU mm * FULLCOAT—Soft, washable, nonreflective finish

k FULLERGLO—Eggshell, semigloss,- resists steam, stain

* FULGLOSS—Porcelainlike luster; long wearing

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marriage and If every family member loves and Beautiful works for the full realization of the L D. S. Family each other's happiness, order in the Spacious

moral universe will become so thorDISCOVERY (Concluded from page 486) that destructive oughly established ROOM... in their emotional been guided mainfluences cannot operate and shall

turity and formulated spiritual ideals cease. The kingdom of our God can

are not going to be easily disorganbe established, and sin will be no ized. Children reared in this kind of more. Each son shall uphold the im

home learn how to face obstacles tohonor of womanhood so there will be gether. When they begin to look no violation of virtuous living, and

for a companion, they seek for one each person will be so sacred that... truly, a lovely trainfamily a similar has shall had of life the destruction cease. who HOURS

lace, exquisitely in the experience 5:30 Church. A.M. ing and shall the longlooked-for Zion Then

M. ppointed.Jeaturto 2 A. to fortify is against helps This in them established, the pure which inbe excellent every day

trusions of family disorganization. heart. These great ideals are im-. accomThe sacred ideal of family contibedded in the Latterday Saint contes20tol00

nuity, without disruption by divorce, cept of the family. Their faithful

is taught in the sincere Latterday realization can be achieved if each

Saint home. The ideal of love gloriday our task in the family is disfies the home and adds a spiritual charged with love and an adherence

touch of belonging to an eternal famto eternal principles.

ily. In such a home the parents display the spiritual influence of love What a glorious concept to be

worthy to "pass by the angels and for each other and for their children.

Love brings them together in family the gods"to our exaltation with our solidarity so that hate, lust, jealousy, companion and children into the and other vicious evils cannot deeternities, where death and sin will stroy. When children have such a not separate or mar our lives, for we

constructive environment to mature shall have overcome all our enemies their moral and religious habits into with our honorable living!

wholesome behavior, they will possess the spiritual fiber to withstand intrusions of social disorganization.

OldFashioned HThe pioneers brought the concept of the eternal nature of the family when they came into these EICE PUDDING valleys. loved their wives The men—Just the Way theand children, were and the women

to theirloyal husbands. Together >&M t%* Pioneers Made It! suffered,they worked, triumphand

ed to transform a desert into fields \v 1 cups water with 3 cup ricethat would supply their physical Boil stir). (don't Beat until tender

needs. Above the conquering of the L/ well 2 eggs and add 3 tall cans

desert and making it a pleasant place *t/l Morning Milk and 1 cup water.to live they have raised another banyJ Add 1 cup sugar, Vz teaspoon

ner, and under it all nations may salt, */2 teaspoon nutmeg, Vi teacome to find inward peace and securspoon lemon extract. To this

ity. They rear their children to honmixture add V2 package seeded

or, respect, and dignify the moral or seedless raisins which have and spiritual heritage of a great relibeen washed and soaked in warm "V.

gious faith. The Latterday Saint *M water 20 minutes. Add this mixfamily is held together by sacred ture to rice from which water

vows and promises that are sealed by has been drained, stir and bake divine authority in the temple of our 45 minutes in 300 degree oven.

undiluted Morning Top withGod and will not be desecrated by >r* 12. Serves Milk.

unrighteous living.

What does this concept of the Latterday Saint family mean in reFor Best Results Use Creamy -Rich gard to social and religious solidarity? It means that if all destructive

forces are triumphed over by love ineach family, evil shall have an end. MOUSING MILK

JULY 1947 489 A Cub in Size...

but a BEAR for Work!

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER PRESENTS

For all operations on farms of 40 crop quickchange, easyto-control implements.

acres or less—and truck gardens. The smoothrunning 4-cylinder engine develops apfor special operations on truck farms. proximately the belt. It uses considerably 9V4 h.p. on

For large farms that need an extra tractor. less than a gallon of gasoline an hour. There's a com-

... ample crop clearance under the That's the Farmall Cub, the first tractor in history that's fortable, roomy seat

. and "Culti -Vision"to gixe a clear, unobbuilt right and priced right for a great new group of chassis..

tractor owners. structed view of your work.

The Cub is the newest member of the famous farmall Fit the Cub into your farming operations. See it as

family. It brings the advantages of the FARMALL* SYSsoon as we can get one to your International Harvester

TEM OF FARMING to the small, family farm. dealer. Climb in the seat and drive it. You'll find it

It's a Cub in size, but "a BEAR for work."You get bighandles as easily as your car.

Farmall quality and design, plus scaleddown, smallINTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY tractor economy. And there is a full line of matched, 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

*Registered trademark. Observe National Farm Safety Week July 2026.

Make every week Safety Week on the farm. ONLY International Harvester

builds FARMALL Tractors.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Century of Sacred Service {Continued from page 463) California, in Spanish. But the camera is versatile and copies one language as readily as another.

(CKNOWLEDGMENT should be madeA of the very helpful cooperation given by state archivists, librarians, or secretaries of state in North Carolina, Georgia, Virginia, Maryland,

New York,New Jersey, Delaware,

Connecticut, and THEY WOKE UP Rhode Island,

Vermont. These guardians of public and genealogical records have AND DREAMED

willingly permitted the microfilming of the treasures gathered into their offices over a period of years and at considerable labor and expense.

During the late war the states of

Virginia and Maryland filmed many of their older records. Virginia and a new home industry was born in Utah

consented for our society to print positive copies of eightyfour thousettled on had discouragement black 1903 and containing of such films,sand feet faced with the farmers. dairy They were ITCacheWASValley's pages; 1,600,000 and aperhaps

project recently completed by arnecessity of giving up dairying unless additional markets for their milk. found berangement with Maryland enabled could vision in the community and there were But men of

us to print over half a million pages they got together under the leadership of Apostle Marriner of valuable records from that state. W. Merrill and dreamed. They dreamed of an evaporated

In addition we have photographers milk plant that would make it possible more economically operating in Virginia, Maryland, to distribute Cache Valley milk and to spread its fame

New Jersey, and Pennsylvania copyto distant markets.

ing state and county and church recThey built the plant. They bought milk from the farords. In all cases a positive copy is mers and encouraged them to increase and improve their

made for the organization which herds. They named the evaporated milk for Utah's state

grants permission for the microfilmflower, the beautiful Sego Lily.

ing to be done. Actually three copies That was the beginning of Sego Milk, the first evapare developed of every record photoorated milk in the intermountain west. It has brought in milk farmers to western of dollars millions and

purchase to citizens in wages and thegraphed—a positive for our library creammany checks, and

shelves, a negative to be held in reof supplies.

serve for reprinting other copies as It has been constantly improved throughout the years.

needed, and a second positive for Today all Sego Milk is fortified with 400 units per pint of the original owner of the record. vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin essential to the developOfficial permission was obtained ment and maintenance of strong, straight bones and sound

to make reproductions on microfilm, even teeth. That is one reason why so many doctors prescribe

beginning July 1, of town and Sego Milk for babies. That is why so many mothers all

probate records, and indexes to vital over the west use Sego Milk for every cream and milk records in the state library, in Conrequirement.

necticut. Similar arrangements have

been consummated in Rhode Island and Vermont. Already a great collection of New York records has

been copied.

'T'hus records innumerable are becoming available in the older sections of America. In Europe the

opportunities are no less promising.

Since last year in Denmark a contract has been in operation with ArSEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY thur G. Hasso, archivist in CopenOriginator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

hagen, whereby he is to copy for the Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

Genealogical Library an estimated {Continued on page 492) JULY 1947 491

A Century of Sacred Service (Continued from page 491 twelve million pages of parish, probate, census, and military records.

Genealogists of repute say that with all these records accessible it should be possible here to trace ninetyfive GOING TO percent of Danish lines of ancestry.

Further estimates from mission presidents and others indicate that there San Francisco? are approximately twentyfour million pages of records in Sweden to

million of four be copied, upwards

If you're going to San Francisco for business or pleasure, we suggest one hundred and over in Norway, you try Southern Pacific. We have convenient train service on the million in the British Isles. Official

direct Overland Route—across Great Salt Lake, through Reno, over sanction has been received to copy

the High Sierra (short side trip to Lake Tahoe, if you wish)—to church and probate records in HolSacramento, Oakland and San Francisco. land, but no estimate of the total

Southern Pacific trains to San Francisco offer all types of accomnumber of pages involved has yet modations, including low fare reclining chair cars and coaches, come to hand.

economical "tourist"sleeping cars, and luxurious standard Pullmans. Heartening word from Germany

indicates that the great majority of the parish registers of that country have miraculously been preserved despite the widespread destruction.

In addition many thousands of microfilm copies of parish registers have been recovered. During the war the

Germans developed and perfected a type of sheet film (planifilme) for GOING TO microfilming their church books, and it is reliably reported that eightyLos Angeles? fouron apagessheetof aboutregistersthreemay beby copiedeight

inches, at nominal cost, and the images can be enlarged on a special SEE SAN FRANCISCO, TOO type of reading machine and appear

When you go to Southern California on Southern Pacific, you see San highly legible and distinct.

Francisco and many other interesting California places. Here's a In an inventive age, we may exsample Southern Pacific ticket: to San Francisco on one of our Overpect still more remarkable and starland Route trains. See the fascinating city by the Golden Gate. Then tling developments to make possible

go to Los Angeles on one of our famous streamlined Daylights—via. the realization of the dream of the

pioneers. In the past century much the Coast Line through Santa Pacific Barbara along the and 100 miles

still are has been achieved. But we edge, Ocean's short with side trip Peninsula; or the to Monterey is this San pioneers, small only a and

Joaquin Valley Line with side trips to Yosemite and the Big Trees. beginning compared with the treFrom Los Angeles you can return via San Francisco or direct line. mendous strides this unselfish labor

(Trip via San Francisco costs only slightly more than via direct fine.) will make in the generations to folHow to see the whole Pacific Coast! willlow. necessitateUnlimited thesuppliesconstructionof recordsof

Southern Pacific is the only railroad with lines up and down the Pacific modern archives to house them safeCoast. Let us show you how you can see this scenic wonderland on ly, and the utilization of latest deyour next trip to Los Angeles, San Francisco or Portland. vices for copying and making them

available to the genealogical public.

TICKET OFFICE, 14 SO. MAIN STREET: You can buy rail and PullplesMoreandrecordsstill morewill requiretemples,moreandtemthe

man tickets and get travel information at our convenient ticket office. skilful training of tens of thousands

Telephone 3-2601 or write O. V. Gibson, General Agent, Southern of genealogical and temple workers.

Pacific, 14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1. Said Elder Nephi Anderson, a

former secretary of the Genealogical

The friendly Society, many years ago:

... let me suggest the future of this work,.

Southern Pacific I see the records of the dead and their his492 S*P THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A CENTURY OF SACRED SERVICE Hole in the Rock tories gathered from every nation under tration and checking, so that the work in {Continued from page 435) heaven to one great central library in Zion the temples may be conducted without conthe crack. It would be no easy task

—the largest and bestequipped for its parfusion or duplication. to lower thirty men over that ledge

years, reaching the libraries throughout in soticular world. the Branch And work back morning pull them and this of every of peace, the work millennium in into nations, in those but established bemay

only the up at night. Yet it seemed until will worthy every salvation last resort will go on, of the records andZion be

final authority. Trained genealogists will soul that can be found from earthly records way. There was no visible alternafind constant work in all the nations having will have been searched out and officiated tive. "I was only jesting to brace

unpublished records, searching among the for; and then the unseen world will come myself,"he explained. "Building a

will links aid, be joined, the broken to our for connections. families and familyarchives

in salvaroad like this has never been done placing the purposes multiply, of God temples and the work andThen, as enlarges to its ultimate proportions, this tion within the reach of all will have been before, and I don't know how it's

Society, or some organization growing out consummated.8 going to be done now."

of this Society, will have in its care some 8The Utah Genealogical and Historical Magazine. "Neither do I, Kumen. I only

elaborate but perfect system of exacregisJanuary 1912, vol. 3, pp. 21. 22 know that it's got to be done."

Kumen measured the sheer cliff with his eyes. "That's a mean drop,

here at the top. A road will have to

be a ladder to stand against it."

"Those Welsh miners can fix it if anybody can. Bishop Nielson is

a determined man; I'll leave him in

charge."Kumen looked up in surprise.

"We have so little dynamite,"Silas explained, "that it is hardly worth setting off. I'm going back and

get some more."

"It's going to snow."Kumen looked up at the gathering clouds.

"I hope it does, else there'll be no water to keep the camp alive! I'll go

first to the Church heads, then to the

Territorial Legislature. We must

have help and have it soon!"

"This ledge may be the least of our barriers,"Kumen said, remembering the defeats he and the other scouts had encountered trying to map a road ahead.

"Do you know Lemuel Redd?"

Silas asked.

"Not well,"Kumen answered.

"He's a man to admire, Kumen.

He and the three Georges—George

Sevy,Morrell—willGeorge scoutHobbs,a wayand throughGeorge

to San Juan or die in the attempt.

Brother Lyman has selected them."

A shadow came into Kumen's eyes. His had been the first name

called to the San Juan Mission. He

had hoped to be the first of the company to set foot upon the soil of his dream. "A piece of scouting that will make history,"he said.

"If we live to get through, this whole trek will make history,"Silas affirmed. "Our fate is in the hands

of five men."iRDEN SUNFREZE Kumen looked up hopefully.

MILK BUTTER CREAM ICE CREAM "Five?"he asked.

BUTTERMILK "God—and the four scouts,"Silas

answered, smiling into Kumen's {Continued on page 494) JULY 1947 493

packs and two with two she stopped and looked sober- "AndHole in the Rock where we'll riding get through,"horses ly around.

{Continued 493) from page eyes. "I like to go with Morrell scrambled to his feet. George Hobbs said and rode out of know you'd

them, Son. And so would I! Brother "Thanks, Marthy. Now make your the camp, followed by the other

Lyman will be in charge here. He bow!"The scout laughed. He put three scouts.

will need you and others like you to his huge hand on Marthy's head and There was a long cheer. "Pray

help him."shoved it down, wagging her floppy God they get through,"Piatt Lyman

Silas turned and walked away. ears in greeting. "She's for chuck!"said.

Lemuel H. Redd walked up to "Amen to dot prayer, Brudder

"CVeryone at the Hole in the Rock Marthy and studied her critically. Lyman,"Jens Nielson answered. "I

gathered to see the four scouts "I've got a mule not much bigger pray God ve all get through."

leave for Montezuma. Any pessithan this burro,"he said. "If we

mism regarding the scouts'chances can take a burro down, we can take for success was being dispelled by a mule."

the jovial attitude of the scouts "I have a horse not much bigger themselves. than Brother Redd's mule,"George

Seeing that only three of the Sevy said. "If we can take a mule

scouts were present, someone asked down, we can take a horse."

"Where's George Morrell?"The crowd began to laugh. Joseph

"Vy, here he comes,"Jens NielLillywhite came forward, grinning son cried, pointing across the flats. broadly. "I have a horse no larger

He began to chuckle. "Ya. And he than the Sevy horse,"he said. "You

is trying to convince a burro to come can take that, too!"

vith him, Ven he pull, she pull too "Lead out, Hobbs!"George Sevy

only de other vay! It is funny. Ya."cried. "We'll follow!"His voice was

There was a minute of laughter as dead serious. He looked over the

the crowd watched the maneuvers crowd, challenging anyone to disof Morrell and his burro. Suddenly, agree.

as if tired of the game, the little "Let's lose no more time in talk, shaggy creature lunged ahead, topthen, boys,"Lem Redd advised.

pling Morrell over and dragging "We can be down to the river by TEA GARDEN also makes SYRUP him into the center of the crowd, night."PRESERVES -MARMALADE 'GRAPE JUICE

m.<—imi,'ii ii—-waaWk—Mfc.'Ma.'—>, iwiMiik vmrHwn, i BH'wnGonv

In the years ahead you'll be able to

ENJOY EVEN BETTER LIVING

A host of marvelous new Electric

Servants are now in the making to bring you greater freedom, more comforts and less work at extremely modest cost.

BUY FROM YOUR DEALER

A UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY MESSAGE

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hole in the Rock "pORTYSEVEN men went to work on the crack. Beginning at dawn of Your cleaning

each day, they worked until it was too late at night to see. Yet the last

came,of Hole in and the December the begun. Rock road was hardly PAR trier!

"We've got to go faster than this,"

Ben Perkins said to his brother, Hy rum, one morning just before ChristThe Quality Soap for mas. "If we don't, we'll all starve, PARticular Housewives

caught in this desert trap."

"There's at least nine feet of snow on the Escalante Divide,"Hyrum said, sharing his brother's anxiety.

"I wonder if President Smith got through to Salt Lake. We need dynamite."

food—and"That we that'sdo, worseprettythanbad.we needIn

many camps there is not a morsel to eat except ground and parched horse feed, boiled and made into soup!"Ben Perkins paused, and

there was a worried frown between his eyes. "I wish we'd hear from the

four scouts, Hy,"he continued.

"They took about enough food to last them for eight days—and

they've already been gone fourteen!"

"That means that they will have to live on the country, and if it's as sparse of game as it is here, they'll never get through."

"Where are we going to get our timbers for this dugway, Ben?"

Hyrum asked, studying the work BRING THE WEST'S II already done. "We can't do much

more without it."

"President Smith said he'd make arrangements for it in Escalante, Hy. SERVICE TO YOUR

It floated to be was down the Escalto River along HOME TOWN the Colorado,ante with the timbers for the raft. MayThe Kolob Agent in your community has the ideal

be it's down there now."answer to all your insurance needs. He can offer you

"I believe I'll hike down to the efficiency and thoroughness in planning... promptness

river and see, Ben,"Hyrum said, and fairness in settlement of claims... and complete

crawling out from the trench they coverage through large, oldline stock companies. As

had dug in the solid rock along the a representative of the Intermountain West's largest side of the cliff. "My legs are General Insurance Agency, we are certain you will

profit by making his acquaintance.cramped, I'll—Ben! Look out!"

Hyrum threw himself against his More than 300 Individual KOLOB AGENTS brother, and they went down, flat throughout Utah, Idaho, Montana and Nevada against the base of the narrow crevice, a split second before a huge slab of rock, loosened from the cliff above, crashed into the crack, where they were at work, balanced a mere foot above their prostrate bodies.

The two brothers rolled away from each other, cautiously flat, barely breathing. There was no time to ii 330 Judge Bldg. Frank Salisbury, Mgr. Phone 4-8451

( Continued on page 496 ) JULY 1947 495

HOLE IN THE ROCK

{Continued from page 495) on which Hy was trying to squirm "Ben, the next time death is that lose. One could not follow the other. free. Ben made no sound to startle close, I don't want to know it!"

They must squirm out at opposite his brother, to hurry him, or to help "We could have had our dugway sides, for the slab was settling, slowhim. There was an agonized minute ready for the timbers, Hy!"The

ly but surely settling into the crevice, before Hy pulled himself free, and, practical Benjamin Perkins said.

pressing against their backs. The scarcely a second later, the slab set- "Now we've got to start all over!"

slightest movement might mean tled into the space where they had A moment later the ring of their death, yet to move was their only lain. sledge hammers filled the long, holchance! The two brothers eyed each other low crack, and the Hole in the Rock

Ben was the first to free himself, solemnly across the slab of sandroad went on.

but he was separated from his brothstone. Hyrum was the first to speak. ( To be continued

er by the giant, twoton slab. He

could only pray. The rock was

slipping to the lower side, the side

To OmahaChicago and Fort Worth -Dallas If you're planning to go East or South... make the

most of your trip... Go Burlington!

From Salt Lake City, the popular Exposition Flyer glides you through the spectacular scenery of the Moffat Tunnel Route in daylight hours. It leaves Salt Lake City at 8:15

p.m. and arrives in Chicago at 9:45 the second morning.

For passengers stopping off in Denver en route to Chicago, the Denver Zephyr provides convenient service, leaving

Denver at 4:00 p.m., arriving in Chicago at 8:35 next morning.

If you're going South, ride the famous streamlined Texas

A regular, PLANNED Savings Program Zephyr. You'll like the convenient connection with the

means you get that home oi your Exposition Flyer at Denver... and speedy luxury travel

dreams quicker... means you'll have between Denver and Fort WorthDallas.

the for payment, money the down and All of these trains offer comfortable coaches with reclining little all the individual "extras"you've planned. Save by mail or in person seats... a variety of sleeping accommo-

... but open your account NOW. dations... spotless diners serving delicious

As little as $1. will start you. meals... and clean, comfortable air conJoseph E. Kjar, Pres.—Alex E. Carr, Secy. ditioning. All are Dieselpowered for

smooth, effortless speed.

DESERET For truly enjoyable travel... Burlington Go BURLINGTON FEDERAL Agent - SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. J. 218H. GREGORY,Keams Bldg. GeneralPhone: 3-6465

44 So. Main Salt Lake Salt Lake City 1, Utah

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

URPHGEnn

YOUR PAGE AND OURS for the Centennial month deals with some of the authors whose work appears in the pages of ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

closer to in this issue them order that you may feel 24th St., Cor. and learn 1104 "C,"San Diego, Calif. 24th &

activities. lives their sidelights concerning and some of the St., Calif. Oakland, 1836 Alice

615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

"One Hundred Years of 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

Scouting"page 430... was appointed Scout executive of

the Ogden Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America in

September of 1923, following shortly his return from a most successful mission in the Central States where he served as 1930. This awareness was intensified when he accepted the

secretary to President Samuel O. Bennion. His leadership in call to the forest service in Ogden, Utah, as forest ecologist

this area soon won regional and even national recognition for in 1930, where he has continued to serve. His particular assignhim, since his unusual methods brought undeniable success. ment is to take charge of investigations on range reseeding in

When we asked President Young if there were anything he order to study means of revegetating deteriorated ranges.

wanted included in this sketch, he replied with characteristic In connection with this work he has published valuable mayouthful humor: "Don't know of anything, except a case of terial in pamphlets and in journal articles in addition to two

scarlet fever and six doses of seven years itch on my last books, Alfalfa Growing in the United States and Canada, and mission. [At the present time, Elder Young is president of with Dr. Franklin S. Harris Principles of Agronomy, which

the New England States Mission.] My mother is always a latter work has gone into two editions. Both books were publittle insulted when my biographers don't include the fact that lished by Macmillan Company of New York.

I am a greatgrandson of Brigham Young on my mother's side, His current Church activities include the offices of chairman and my Aunt Hortense said I should always use the name of the agricultural committee of the Northern Utah Region of 'Seymour'to keep it alive—so there you are. If you can satisfy the Church welfare plan, chairman of the Scout committee for

Mother and Aunt Hote, and keep within the bounds of sense the Church, and a member of the general board of the Young and reason, I'll be happy."And then as a postscript, "I'm on Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

the job the first day this morning; feel like a driver of a five

mule team driving a twenty mule outfit for the first time."HOY WES1 "Marriage and the Latterday Saint

Is it any wonder that people love him and respond wholeFamily"page 456... received his B.S. and M.S. degrees in

heartedly to his leadership? sociology from the Utah State Agricultural College. For a year

he served as research assistant in rural sociology at the University of the following Wisconsin, and year he was granted in the Build- "The Mormons fellowship Social Science the from Research Council in Newa life in teaching spent a full ing of page 464 the West"to the family. study York, Mormon active in the to in addition Church and in writing,..keeping. has and

rearing a fine Latterday Saint family. He received his Doctor For several years he has been engaged as a teacher of reof Philosophy degree from the University of California at ligious education with the department of education of the

Berkeley, in September 1935. During his pursuit of his higher Church. At the present time he is research director in the

degrees, Dr. Hunter also served as principal of the Latterday Church department of education as well as director of religious

Saint seminaries at Lyman, Wyoming; at Ferrin, Utah; and education at the L.D.S. Business College. Moreover, he serves

at Provo, Utah. as bishop of the Eleventh Ward, Emigration Stake.

At the time of his call to the office in the First Council of Elder West has also published two worthwhile books:

the Seventy, Elder Hunter was teacher at the Latterday Saint Introduction to the Study of the Book of Mormon and Family

Institute, Logan, Utah, where he not only taught but also adEternal.

vised and socialized with the fine young people in their recreational gatherings. FRI "A Promise and Its Fulfilment"page

His publications in addition to innumerable articles to his428... won our hearts when he said that he considered one

torical journals include: Brigham Young the Colonizer, The of his major accomplishments the acquiring of Arline MartinMormons and the American Frontier, Utah in Her Western dale as his wife, together with the recent addition of a baby

Setting, Beneath Ben Lomond's Peak, Gospel Through the daughter, Colleen.

Ages (Melchizedek Priesthood course of study of 1946), God's Elder Scott served in the United States Army for thirty

Chosen People (M Men and Gleaner Girl manual, 19461947), months, attaining the rank of first lieutenant, and reaching

Utah, the Story of in scholastic attainments graduated second from Her People (a Centennial history of Utah) Tokyo. He

Stories. Indian and Utah high school. the University attended for two years of Utah He

prior to his serving in the Western States Mission. Following

"Science Confirms the his army experience he enrolled again and is continuing in

Word of Wisdom"page 428... has an astounding number business administration and radio speech. He is active in

of accomplishments for one so young. A graduate of the Unicampus affairs.

versity of Utah in 1926, he received his medical degree from Church responsibilities have not been crowded out of a

Northwestern University in 1929. He is a member of the busy life. He has been active in scouting all his life and is a

American Academy of Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology Master M Man. He served as secretary successively in his

and director of the American Academy of Nutrition for 1947Aaronic Priesthood quorums, was ward clerk for two years, 48. In addition, he served on the faculty of the medical school stake secretary of the Sunday School for two years at the

of the University of Southern California from 1934 to 1941. same time that he was teaching a Senior Scout class in his

His Church activities, in addition to the rearing of a fine ward. At present he

Latterday Saint family, include three years spent as a missionis engaged by the genary to Germany, from 1922 to 1925, as well as serving as eral information and bishop of San Pedro Ward, Long Beach Stake, since 1939. statistics committee of

the Church and serves as superintendent of "Mountain Waters: Our the Lincoln Ward

Heritage and Obligation"page 448,.. became alert to the Sunday School while

needs of conservation when he served as agronomist at the he is attending the

Utah State Agricultural College, Logan, Utah, from 1922 to university.

JULY 1947 497 Promontory Point, Utah, May 10, 1869. Here the last rail of America's first

transcontinental railroad was laid. After Governor Leland Stanford drove the Golden Spike, eastwest train crews joined hands—nationwide telegraphy

flashed the news that Union and Pacific states were joined, via Union Pacific.

A Pioneer In Western Railroad Development

TT was only 22 years after the L. D. S. Pioculture thrived where the railroad paved the

neers arrived in Utah that the final link of way. In the great intiermountain area served

America's first transcontinental railroad was by Union Pacific, there still is land to be tilled, laid. minerals to be unearthed, livestock to be raised,

room for new homes and industrial and agriIn the 78 years which have elapsed since that cultural expansion.

time, great changes have occurred in America's transportation system. Union Pacific takes this occasion to acknowledge the outstanding achievements of the

With the coming of the railroad, the western Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

frontiers were conquered. It brought men, It pledges its continued participation in the

implements for building homes and towns, development of the Intermountain West by transportation for marketing products. Then providing efficient, dependable, safe transporfactories were built. And industries and agritation.

In addition to splendid freight service. Union Pacific also

provides Salt Lake City with excellent passenger transportation; the daily Streamliner "City of Los Angeles"

operating every day including Sunday to Chicago and Los

Angeles... the daily Los Angeles Limited, ChicagoLos

Angeles... the daily Streamliner "City of St. Louis"

and daily Pony Express for passengers going to Denver,

Kansas City, St. Louis or the West Coast.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A TERRIBLE STRUGGLE BUT A GREAT ACCOMPLISHMENT

E are celebrating this year of 1947 a Mountains. With patience and great hardCentennial. On July 24. 1847. the first ships they jarred loose large blocks of this

Mormon people entered this valley after building material and transported it to the spot a long trip of hardships over a thousand miles where the Temple now stands, shaping and of wilderness that seemed impossible to penechiseling this stone to perfection so that today trate. They came in crude implements of transthis beautiful structure stands as a great ediportation that are now almost unknown to the fice of strength and taste. Perhaps this will

present generation. When they arrived at the stand and last as long as the pyramids of Egypt.

mouth of a canyon west of the Wasatch Range, As this large wilderness was turned into a now known as Emigration Canyon, their great fertile territory, railroads came and penetrated leader, Brigham Young, stopped to take a view this part of the country and with it people of and observation of this valley which was then other denominations and faiths settled here.

a part of the great American Desert and he Those of other faiths who settled here built said, "This is the place."On this spot now many churches in which to worship and perstands a monument of great historical signifipetuate their religion and live together with the

cance and importance—a structure to memorialMormon people peacefully. The writer is one

ize the end of their long journey. of those who came as a young man in the year

Thousands upon thousands came through this 1890 and has made Salt Lake City his home canyon during the years shortly after that time, ever since.

joining their brethren to settle and work toToday we have a state with a new star added gether with them. They built irrigation ditches to the Union of our nation which is a credit

and raised crops which millions of grasshoppers to the whole United States, but the Mormon destroyed and, as a result, hunger and starvapeople were the pioneers who had the courage tion looked them in the face but, as an act of and endurance to bring about this change of

God, sea gulls came along by the thousands a desert into a country that now blossoms as a and devoured these pests so that some of the rose. We should offer up a silent prayer of

crops were saved. thanks for this change, and as we keep living

Then as more immigrants arrived, they and working together with the descendants of branched out through this vast area. Wherthe early pioneers who lived and died for the

ever they found water to irrigate, they raised cause and a belief in God, we should love and more crops and made farms and then built respect them for what they have accomplished small towns and later cities so that today this in the past and that they are, with others, workonce desolate country is now a wonderful woning and building still a better state for the benederland of great importance. fit and interest of mankind.

Immediately they started to build the TaberBooks have been written and more could be nacle which is world renowned, in which they published to tell the world what these pioneers worshiped according to their faith. Later they endured and achieved, so I join with the rest

built the Temple not far from the site of the of my fellow citizens to give thanks and appreTabernacle. Forty years they were in the procciation for this great accomplishment and deep

ess of building it from eternal granite which gratitude to those who are taking part in makthey obtained twenty miles away in the Wasatch ing this Centennial a success.

Geo. Mueller

President, Royal Baking Company

JULY 1947 499 crafting shoes and boots in ZCMI'S first

workrooms knew the value of quality in goods and workmanship

.,. and this has become the heritage of the modern ZCMl

merchandiser who, from a world of products, chooses the

finest for the people of the intermountain area.

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

jUuARajfimk

"V*

'Painted for McCall's by Ivan C. Oliinky

Not guns and planes and marching feet fc.. For more than half a century, sugar production

not tyranny and ruthless might; but men and has helped build countless communities of the

women who, with sharpened stick or plow, ox West, providing a cash crop for the farmer, emteam of tractor, till the earth and plant it, gather ployment for the worker and preserve its harvest against the wintertime—and sugar of highest

of need. These are the true conquerors who quality for the needs of

subdue the earth and have dominion over it. the thrifty housewife.

iUGAR U and I Sugar is perfect for every cooking, canning, freezing, or table use.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CD.

General Offices: Salt Lake City, Utah

.

"... UNTO A LAND

THAT I WILL SHOW THEE"Who guided those first Pioneers into the wilderness? By what faith did

they cross barren wastelands - - home of the Red

Man - - to fertile valleys far beyond? ->? Who

schooled these strangers, from shipyard, mine and town, to lead the water where water never ran..

making the desert rejoice and become a fruitful field? m

THE IMPROVEMENT.

RETURN "UAiSTEE

tosorge AlbeM Srr=?th: rrst