/HmprauementlEra

:.:'*'%&* -;.

K- t?w*m

MAY 194 7 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED -:;.:;**..,-,-. SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

Of course, Sally! Daddy and I

ordered ihe gas refrigerator and the beautiful new gas range. Gas is so quick, you

know, and so inexpensive. And

the oven controls will cook a whole meal while we're at the movies. We'll have oceans of

hof wafer, foo, from our new aufomalic gas wafer heafer.

Remember, dear, when YOU'RE frown and married, a GAS- '.quipped home is best.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities..

MAKE YOUR TEACHING GRAPHIC, IMPRESSIVE... CdHk, (pkJtuMA,.

Whether you teach children, youth or adults, pic-

I tures help you CONCENTRATE ATTENTION, SAVE

TIME AND WORDS, BUILD CONCEPT. Ask for—

SUNDAY SCHOOL NURSERY PACKET: 44 beautiful colored pictures IOV2 x 12". Worth

$4.00—Now, while they last per packet $1.0(J

SUNDAY SCHOOL KINDERGARTEN PACKET:

29 beautiful colored and black and white pictures specially selected by General Board. Worth

$2.50—Now. while they last per packet $1.00

SUNDAY SCHOOL KINDERGARTEN "JOYFUL LIVING"

PACKET: Specially selected for this course. Colorful,

interesting. The children are delighted with

them. Worth $4.00—Now per packet.. $1.50

SUNDAY SCHOOL PRIMARY CLASS PACKET:

All directly related to lessons. Selected by General Board for beauty and appropriateness.

Worth $1.00—Now per packet 50c

OLD TESTAMENT PACKET The stories of the Old Testament in pictures. Invaluable in all departments. Colorful, vivid aids

to teaching. Worth $3.00—Now per packet... $1.50

NEW TESTAMENT PICTURES The Life of Christ and Acts of the Apostles told in 68 delightful pictures. A boon and a bargain

for every teacher. Worth $5.00—Now per packet

$2.50 LIFE OF CHRIST WALL CHART PICTURES: Beautiful, large 19"x 23", suitable for large classes, pageants, programs. Includes birth,

childhood, ministry, parables, miracles, the passion week, crucifixion, resurrection of Jesus. Sets

1, 2, 3, and 4 each $2.00. Set No. 5 $1.00. 70

pictures combined price $8.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $. (add 2% Sales Tax in Utah). Please send packets, sets or charts as checked above.

Name (please print)

Address City and State..

MAY 1947 257 MEMORIAL Jhe Lcover By Leah Sherman stands man ONE the Tnstead of flowers for in foremost minds of Latterday * memorial Saints during this cen- (If you have loved tennial year, and that ones resting on the man is Brigham Young, hill) whose foresight made Put effort with your successful the longest MAY 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 5 prayers: and let the

trek in recorded hisfull tory, willingwhose to ness follow counsel "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Forcekeep ofgunsyourforevervoice made him adhere to the still.

standards and prinOfficial Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Memorial of peace of Education, Music Committee, Ward would answer words ciples forth set by of Jesus Christ of the Church JoTeachers,Associations,andDepartmentOther Agencies reecho echo and of That seph Smith, and whose

Latterday Saints the graves; from ability great as a leader of men has made A loud crescendo blarworthy him of winning

place in Statue Hall * Woulding forthkeepinthethirdspeace in Washington, D.C. in undulating waves.

The Brigham Young Peace through the the monument, work (church jreatwre6 dren'sages forsonsour chilDallin, of Cyrus E.

stands at Main Street Is more to be desired and South Temple in General Conference Addresses See Conference Index 259 than money gain:

Salt Lake City. SymHave ears attuned to

bolic of the leader The Work of God George Albert Smith 266 music: still the guns,

happiness uttered will he And when "How Often Would I Have Gathered Thee"all living memorable men. warm words,the J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 269 the "This is Forever the place,"echo peace

photographer, H a 1 Honoring the Utah Pioneers David C\ McKay 270 from hill to hill

Rumel, has captured In high memorial to the essential spiritualThe Son of God (Church of the Air Address) men now still.

ity of the leader who. Albert E. Bowen 272

laid the foundation for Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the Twelve 274 -X the Salt Lake Temple

as well as building Eldred G Smith, Patriarch to the Church 275 Change of Addtess:

other temples in this dispensation. Westward with the Saints, Journal of Horace K. Whitney 276 Fifteen days'notice reThe photograph was A, Widtsoe 305 dress.quired Whenfor changeorderingof ad-a adapted to cover use How the Desert Was Tamed—Part V John

by Charles Jacobsen. May In Church History 260 Aaronic 333 change,address pleaseslip fromincludea

Dear Gleaner 265 Ward Teaching 334 recent issue of the magaPriesthood: Melchizedek 332 The Church Moves On 335 zine. Address changes

Editors cannot be made unless George Albert Smith the old address as well as

John A. Widtsoe the new one is included.

Managing Editor Special jreatealvims Executive and Editorial

Richard L. Evans Offices:

Street, North Main 50 Laurels Goates 300 Les Assistant New Managing for M Men Salt 1, Lake City Utah.

Editor Brentnall 301 Let's Talk It Over Mary Copyright 1947 by Doyle L. MuGreen

Inc., a CorAssociate Editor The Spoken Word from Temple Square.Richard L. Evans 302 porationtual Funds,of the Young

Marba C. Josephson How's Your Pioneering?. Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 325 Men's Mutual ImproveAssociation of the ment

General Corner, Times, DurCook's Manager Josephine B. These G. Homer Christ of of Jesus

Morris 264 George Nichols 340 Church Q. ham Saints. Latterday All

...352 Centennial Pioneer and Ours 306 Your Page Camp rights reserved. SubscripAssociate Manager

Lucy G. Cannon tion price, $2.00 a year,

in advance; 20c single

Business Manager John D. Giles (L>ditonav5 copy.Entered at the Post

Editorial Associates Office, Salt Lake City,

Elizabeth J. Moffitt Profession vs. Possession John A, Widtsoe 304 Utah, as secondclass

Albert LZobell, Jr. Inspired Following Marba C. Josephson 304 matter.mailing atAcceptancespecial rateforof Harold Lundstrom

Was Steel Known When Lehi Left Jerusalem? postage provided for in

1103, Act of OcNational Advertising John A, Widtsoe 304 section tober authorized 1917,

Representatives July 2, 1918.

Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

San Los Angeles Francisco and Stories, f-oetrt solicitedis not responsiblemanuscripts,for unbut

Dougan and Bolle, welcomes contributions.

Chicago and in Prince the 287 Anna Hole Redd Rock—Chapter V All manuscripts must be New York

suffiby accompanied 258 Poetry Page Leah Memorial, Sherman for delivery 263 cient postage Audit Member, Bureau of Airplane, Prince 260 Josephine 323 Hamlin Redd May, Anna

Circulations and return. Israel's Frontispiece: Fields of Spring, Glorious ArchiDay,

Gene Romolo 261 bald F. Bennett 326

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA APRIL CONFERENCE INDEX ResurrectionSalvation 272, 315289

SPEAKERS Family 281 Salvation for the dead—. 285

Fast offering 295, 297 Service 270

Benson, Ezra Taft 293 318 315, the Faultfinding 277 Seventy,

'.Bowen, Albert E. 272 270 Slander

Forgiveness 269 Clark, J. Reuben, Jr., 269 Health, 281 Social order 281

Cowley, Matthew 297 Inactive members 330 Stake missionaries 318

Testimony 275, 299 Evans, Richard L. 316 Industry - 270

Thoughts and actions 328 Hunter, Milton, R. 319 Joseph Smith 285, 319 War 272, 293

Knowledge 322 Isaacson, Thorpe B. 330 Youth 327

Man 272 Kimball, Spencer W. 291 Morality 272 Note: Of the General Authorities only

Kirkham, Oscar A. 317 Need for missionaries 315, 316, 318 one did not speak: Alma Sonne who is in

Misof the European as president Europe addressed R. Ivins Antoine PresidentLee, Harold B. 289 Need for spirituality. 1 272 sion.

Obedience 307, 322 the general priesthood session, the proceedMcConkie, Bruce R. 322 ings of which are not being published. In

Pioneers 266, 268, 270, 279, addition to the above complete addresses

McKay, David O. 270 281, 283, 307, 309, 310, 315, 319, 327 by the General Authorities, addresses were

FredZimmer, West, given O. B. Max by 330 295, Prayer

E. 309McKay, Thomas Hilton Robertson, A. Babbel, erick and

270 Profanity ". issue, this in but which appear which do not

Merrill, 285 Jos*ph F. conference in the later pamwill appear 327 Prophecy

Moyle, Henry D. 299 Reading good books 1 328 phlet.Conference photographs taken by W. Claudell

Petersen, Mark E. 295 Restored gospel 289, 322 Johnson of the Hal Rumel Studio.

Richards, George F.—277

Richards, LeGrand 327 3 Richards, Stephen L 281 FREDR/CK C.

Romney, Marion G. 307 14/0L TBtfSj //?.Smith, Eldred G. 275 w*Z&

Smith, George Albert 266, 268

Smith, Joseph Fielding 279

Widtsoe, John A. 283

Wirthlin, Joseph L. 328

Young, Clifford E. 310

Young, Levi Edgar 315

Young, S. Dilworth 318

SUBJECTS

American Indian 291 MANY MAILS USED IN THE OID Brigham Young 281, 283 Brotherhood 281, 295 SALT LAKE THEATRE WEPE MADE FROM IPON SALVAGED

Centennial celebration 270, 281, 310, 317 FROM WRECKED 60VERNMENT WAGONS LEFT ON

Century of progress 266 Character 281 TWE PLAINS BY JOHNSTON'S ARMV

Chastity 270

Church missionary system 309

Church welfare plan 293, 295, 297, 299, 307, 310 Civilization 272 f AT A CONCERT IN THE SALT LAKE

TABERNACLE, ONCE MADE. THIS

310 Courage classic remark, "//i* um 267 Divorce

TH P/0A/#S OF 77//f COVMXV Easter 272, 315 ARE ROum AB01/T M 7W/6HT,

Eternal life 285, 289 WAT THEBU/IQBRS OF T///S

European Saints 293 MIGHTY STMCTWB AR HBRS!'

Faith 266, 293, 295 False witness, bearing 277 MAY 1947 259

of the celestial glory, was received

May 16, and 17, 1843. On May 18, 1843, the Prophet told LOW '"ZU Stephen A. Douglas that Douglas

would aspire to the presidency of the

IN CHURCH HISTORY turnedUnited hisStates,hand againstand thatthe ifLatterdayhe ever

Saints, he should feel the hand of the

FARES rePriesthood Aaronic was the Temple of capstone Nauvoo The 1829. (D.Thestored Almighty upon him. & May 15, 1845. laid C. was May 24, TO SAN FRANCISCO 13.) of murderers and Joseph Hyrum The

In May 1831, the gathering of the Smith were acquitted May 30, 1845.

Saints to Kirtland, Ohio, was comThe Nauvoo Temple was publicly the United month, menced. That same 1, 1846. dedicated May

Saints tried in the Order by was detachment of the Mormon The sick

Thompson, Ohio. Battalion, having wintered at Pueblo,

A decision to print three thousand moved on from their winter quarters of copies of the Book 24, 1847. Commandments May

1, 1832. was reached May Young left Winter Quarters Brigham

Section 93, on the preexistence of for Salt Lake City the second time 94, the and man, commandment 1848. 26, to May

build the Kirtland Temple, were rewalls of the Nauvoo Temple The ceived May 6, 1833. were blown down by a hurricane, May

Zion's Camp was organized in May 27, 1850.

relief for Saints in of the the 1834, with a treaty ended by Ute The War Missouri. 1854. Chief Walker, May

left their Kirtland on Twelve The Salt Lake House, Endowment The first apostles, as mission 4, 1835. May 1 855. 5, dedicated City, was May

spirit apostasy of a and There was living north of Utah Saints The speculation prevalent at Kirtland in County abandoned their homes and FAST and ECONOMICAL

May 1837. moved south in May 1858, with the For examples

location of Adamondi-Ahman The 19, revealed was May 1838. (D. & C. thiscomingperiod,of Johnston'sThe DeseretArmy.NewsDuringwas COACH FARES WAYONE ROUNDTRIP

116.) printed at Fillmore. $17.16 *32.30 San Francisco at of land Commerce The purchase wagons, sixtytwo and hundred Two?5X Federal Ta Add 1, began on (Nauvoo) 1839. On May oxen, 143,315 2,880 and men, 293

May 10, Joseph Smith arrived at Compounds of flour were sent from Utah to merce, Illinois, to make his home. assist the poor in their migration across

In May 1840, the first issue of The the plains in May 1862.

Millennial Star appeared. Three hundred and eightyfour wagThe first endowments were given in ons, 488 men, 3,604 oxen, taking 235,-

Nauvoo on May 4, 1842. 969 pounds of flour, went east to assist

Section 131, pertaining to the degrees the poor of the immigration in May 1863. They took with them 4,300

pounds of Utahgrown cotton for sale in the east. ( This was during the Civil War, and the cottonproducing states mwmm

were in rebellion.

Samuel B. Reed, chief of construcDE LUXE RECLINING

tion of the Union Pacific Railroad, and CHAIR CARS engineer, constructing Silas Seymour, business TOURIST SLEEPERS arrived City on in Salt Lake

May 16, 1868. A few days later, PresiSTANDARD PULLMANS

dent Brigham Young took a contract to Bedrooms, Drawing Rooms, of miles ninety grading on do the the Compartments from of road, great numbers and men the valleys turned out to labor on it. DINING CAR

By this means money became more Sensible Prices plentiful in the territory.

About two hundred fifty aged perTHROUGH PULLMANS sons from Salt Lake County attended Coast to Coast

Hotel, Clinton's to Dr. excursion an at AIRCONDITIONED the Lake, Point on Great Salt Lake

May 14, 1875. This was the beginning COMFORT

of the Old Folk's Day. VI

MAY For information call:

By Anna Prince Redd H. R. COULAM,

General Agent Str*t Main 48 South the buds of spring, I watch Tiptoe,

Phone 4-6351... for the Impatient blossoming.

I count white petals on a stream,

Floating in a coral gleam fruit, abundant, red, J) Of sun, presaging clusters overhead. Luscious....MSW.mRIFTY fiKKAGE / IVa this sigh to lose cloisonne The gold and blue of early May! WESTERN PACIFIC

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm

Photograph from New Mexico State Tourist Bureau

By GENE ROMOLO oSphinj.

Jt hey, who plough and comb the fields of spring T

And on their fertile breasts—believing—fling

Small germs of life or in the furrowed row

Drop seed, will garner from the seeds they sow

A twofold harvest: one of earthgrown things,

And one of knowledge that creating brings

To all who help the soil each year renew

Life from the crops their earlier plantings grew!

MAY 1947 261 from a neighbor's farm Safeway's Farm Eeporter keeps tab on how farmers make work easier, cut operating costs, improve crop quality. Safeway reports (not necessarily endorses) his

findings because we Safeway people know that exchanging good ideas helps everybody. More than a third of

our customers are farm folks

&UVCHMtcMAtes Fueled /as F/eco

To conserve field working time during seedbed preparation and harvesting, Tom Sills, rice and grain grower at Rio Linda, California, had this portable butane tank built to his own design. Rubber tires and old auto springs ease

jolts as tank is hauled through fields behind tractor or truck.

fee*?* wide aow? ar.e en is fecedt TV7 set *i

the * other TUnne 2? e se]f-feederWSat ht>ZtlTSlde r both - * When cat t? *rSLZ

feeder fr ica% keen /each 1Geder aLS of shved stack +autoatdose ay L S

Ptectil built ladder This portable taclcs S tact ofCst avoid are';? y, kenf cavp fat>eatg of the at University Ari- m

zona Experimental Farm %u* (1) provides a wide, firm base and hand supports on side of ladder, for safety;

(2) can be hauled easily from tree to tree and orchard to orchard; (3) extends to height of 20 feet 'ry-'i"

and is equally helpful among young or lowgrow- ing trees; (4) is handy for

—any pruning,wTork withpollinating,tree crops thinning, harvesting—

where it is not practical to lean ladder against branches. Ladder

was designed for /? Good S/tFEw/iy /oe/j /s

harvesting. pecan

on ftiRK/m Cots Acongs/deSwres It is mounted car frame, has extra wide rear axle. Have you noticed how many Safeway stores now

provide a special lot, convenient to the store, where customers can park their cars? That's

because more and more families come shopping

Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut out needby car these days. All Safeway stores built in

less "inbetween"costs recent years have parking lots.

Safeway buys regularly, offering producers a This is part of Safeway's modern plan of purchasing from farmers steady market; when so another retailing good reason why food—either accepts no brokerage Safeway like families to shop at Safeway. Your directly many

or indirectly family benefits, of course, on both the consumSafeway pays going prices or better, never offers ing and producing ends. For the more food Safe-

a price lower than producer quotes way sells the more food Safeway can buy from

Safeway stands ready to help move surpluses producers—and at prices producers like to get.

Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by direct, less costly distribution... so consumers

can afford to increase their consumption QWi*A FPTRrZLV"V*1 X *iegroceryneighborhoodstores

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BLOSSOMING By Grace M. CandlandPoetr,V

PIONEER MOTHER **7\ rebloomyou aware the peach trees are in

By Naomi Stevens Smith On yonder hillside? Can you see a cloud

Of deep pink petals elbowing for room

Did she linger over things that must be To hold the place that nature has allowed left, For every bit of beauty gathered there

Remembering the pride and joy she'd known In mass? Sweet harbingers of springtime

In each acquired bit that was to add now,

To the comfort or the beauty of her home? They hold within their tiny cups so fair

The germ of life for autumn's fruited bough.

Did she cling to things she'd fashioned with great care, We stand in silent wonder how the earth

A flowered needlepoint or dainty lace, Can fashion from its breast those rough,

Or tuck among the grim necessities brown trees,

A piece of china or a painted vase? And crown them with a glorious new birth

Of loveliness with so much quiet ease.

Did she pause a moment where she'd planted bulbs their of are stay all too brief moments The

Envisioning the daffodils of spring to place give expanding each And soonOr wonder who would prune the rambler leaf.

Or hope the children wouldn't miss their swing? DRIVE RIGHT IN...

Did she fondle tiny garments, wondering HAIL BATTALION how By Bertha A, Kleinman T17HAT A WELCOME relief, after

She dared face to the desert's vast unknown, tiring drive, to roll day's a sacrifice any sheWhen involved made tinyThe body nurtured by her own? of to the Entrance Motor up **7V CROSSsong intherhapsody,dunes and valleys, lift your right

the battalion marching westproudMoved by more perfect love and greater To hail the Hotel Utah, where skilled, courto the sea; ward faith,

Her motives were too powerful and strong A nation's call has sounded that a nation teous attendants, unload your car,

To be enslaved by comforts or by fears: shall be free,

She did not hesitate nor linger long. And Courage leads them on! and you're ready to walk right up

Sing, O sing, in mighty chorus, to the registration desk. No parkus before that host Hail the HIS moves TO MOTHER to distances ing worries, no long

us, o'er country's banners our keep By Amy on! leads them Courage Bower ToAs luggage. with heavy walk And

'TfriERE * pass are so many, many, now who In banishment and exile on the savage while you enjoy your visit at the plains alone,Across that strange dim of a dream, meadow Utah, car will your as be serviced but her flag without a country, was A bandReturning not. for Except the them gleam

still their own,Of bright tomorrow not would touch thorwish: lubricated, washed, you

their defenders they foremost evermore the And grass known, shall beBeside oughly checked and refueled, then our door. Courageous days are

leads them on! As Courage yours

fireproof carefully stored in our his, they isAs still were and there wilderness trackless the a chart Across until the drawTo visioned peace secures garage. what a And rain, underground of wind and By lashHis unforgotten in blooming heart. your

hearts broken Where have languished on convenience to know that your car plain, the everlastingThe dawn comes early now, and you must

Subduing wake hill and mountain till the summit is always handy—ready at a mothey attain,A wounded world. Unfaltering, you must

go With Courage leading on! ment's notice to take you where

About the good earth's healing; you must

The longest march in history, but singing as you pleasel know

What can be done to mend the plans that they went;

break. Napoleon crossed the Alps, but they have Yes, another EXTRA service that

of crossed a continent; gallantryThe stamp is on your brow

peace withAnd the nation's God is mothers now! A nation's and liberty enshrine their isat yoursthe Hotelto enjoyUtah! when you stay monument,

With Courage leading on!

NEIGHBORS By Maud Mero Doolittle Sing, O sing, in mighty chorus,

Hail the host that moves before us, "Cirst mother: o'er us, banners our country's keep To

*- "My on! leads them Courage children crowd about my feet; As

She has but one To call out happily to mine * And join in their fun.

CACTUS GARDEN "We count it fortunate that he

Can come; for thus By Nina Willis Walter

He brings her careful training

Straight to us."T Tere are great monsters and huge ogreSecond mother: * * men,

"My house has only one small child, With squat little gnomes creeping after;

And hers has four, You almost fancy a groan or a growl,

Who scamper gaily in and out And queer little gnomish laughter.

Its friendly door. With their lances bristling and swords up-

"Each day I grow more grateful that thrust, My son may share Defying all human invasion, HOTEL UTAH

The joy of young companionship They urge you to leave; indeed, they insist,

Now here, now there."With a little sharppointed persuasion.

MAY 1947 263..

-wJHKUlil took for this:'-'****?m!at'iSS

so sage must Congress. faces facts and G. By DR. HOMER DURHAM

of Greece and Turdistinguishing mark independence Institute Government, The Director of of the only for not be preserved, must University of Utah key of on the Bible you buy.. defense their but also in own sakes

S. Tru12, 1947, Harry MarchQn peace and security for all of us."

States of the President Unitedman, worldwide policy of American supit identifies the genuineof America, went before Congress and A port for less fortunate nations has asked "assistance to Greece and Turmany hazards. President Franklin S.

key in the amount of $400,000,000 for Harris of Utah State Agricultural Colnational recent investigating chairman of a 1948."In lege, 30, endingthe period June 'BIBLE declared to Greece, mission March 17, the the funds, said Ameritoaddition

can President, "I ask the Congress to 1947, in transmitting his report on the Authorized authorize the detail of American civilian situation to the United Nations, "We KING JAMES realize fully task the of the magnitude to personnel Greece andand military VERSION will have Greece to be faced which by at counof those the requestTurkey, BIBLES AT YOUR BOOKSTORE SINCE 1843 PUBLISHERS OF QUALITY if agriculture, recommendations ( on our assisttries, in of reconthe tasks to struction, and for the purpose of superfisheries, and related industries) are vising the use of such financial and mafully implemented."Undoubtedly, the

terial assistance as may be furnished. I Harris report was available to Presirecommend that authority also be prodent Truman in the fateful hours of

vided for the instruction and training decision so that our government is fully of selected Greek and Turkish personaware of the "magnitude of the task."

another chapthesenel."words With

turn of the evaluation present of the "Cull history to theter added was in,</ wait. policy foreign American must States. of theforeign policy United But meantime, it may be well to ponder LESTER

'THhe United States of America, the the purposes outlined in the Truman great "republican experiment"of declaration:

century, stands today eighteenththe in history, world world's greatest power.the The choose between e>. s nearlyAt theeverypresentnationmomentmust

periment in republican rule has sue alternate ways of life....

ceeded. For generations men have One way of life is based upon will of the

spoken of America as "the last best majority, and is distinguished by free instituhope of earth."With the birth of tions, representative government, free elec-"American institutions"came the belief tions, guarantees of individual liberty, freeSPINET

religion, of freedom speech and and dom of missionin "the America."Walt

political oppression. from in expression poetic gave itWhitman life is the of based second upon The way

for at writtena verse Commencement forcibly will minority of imposed a upon

Dartmouth College, June 26, 1872, majority. It relies upon terror and oppresthe

bearing the idea that America's mission, a controlled press and radio, fixed sion was (in the words of Dr. Ralph elections, and the suppression of personal

Gabriel) "to stand before the world as freedoms.

a witness for democracy."I believe that it must be a policy of the

United States to support free peoples who

Sail, sail thy best ship of Democracy are resisting attempted subjugation by

Of value is thy freight... armed minorities or by outside pressures.

Thou holdest not the venture of thyself (Address to Congress, March 12, 1947.)

alone,

... alone continent the President's of western been has message Nor npHE as Tomorrow! New the antecein trust, time voyages thee With declaration as hailed a forceful by

.. thee, nations with sink or dent swim infear those as an Communism who Quality of traditional reputation! Since 1888 LesterJoseph Smith gave the popular idea ternationaleffect it followsand a thedomesticline offorce.formerIn

of missionfor-America unusual Secretary Byrnes'Stuttgart speech of has built nothing but the 8, 1844: "Thestatement on April Greece, 1946. and September Turkey, finest... v et this of pianos itself from Zion of Americawhole the as western East Europe now, Near "9, 1879, April southnorth to is On Betsy new Lester Ross default. then, are not to the But go by

that the founding declared TaylorJohn the policy of administration tops Spinet Truman the even known entering "theof wedge America was the to than appears be more now high Lester of standard era, introduction of for the a and new firm- "patience policy of Byrnes with it the principles in introduced for were quality. is It policy patience ness."of a now world."birth organization a and new of positive firmness with and combined

. the Betsy Spinet Ross to See to action regimes support which seem the in will observe danger"RTTany

* present Truman declaration as be vital to a system of world order Place Your Order NOW...

constituting an enlargement of the "imcompatible with American interests and peralism"doctrine. The Communists ideals. Thus, neutrality is abandoned

as of American a fundamental dogma the so saying and likening are already CO. MUSIC DAYNES is policy. foreign to Neutrality be rescheme. to message a HitlerianTruman Music Store A Complete action, positive in as with placed peace

f\N the other hand, Senator Arthur H. in war. With the President we may 4547 So. Main St., Salt Lake City 1

- Vandenberg, the Republican Senwell echo the words: "This is a serious Convenient Terms Arranged

ate leader, says: "The President's mescourse upon which we embark."

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Osuvc 'SfhanjiJL:

i. Lecently one of you girls

with a worried expression asked a friend, "Am I a lady?"The question

had been the result of overhearing the derogatory comment an M Man had made of another Gleaner Girl.

This question is one that any girl, and especially a Gleaner, may well ask herself, for it is important. In answer

you will first think of the material aspects and ask yourself such questions as these: Do I dress appropriately? Is

my makeup attractive and not overdone? Is my voice as lovely as I can

possibly make it—never too high, raised

in anger, or boisterous in tone? Do I

try to be considerate of other peopleat home, at school, at work, at parties, ACTION TO on the bus? Am I at ease in all situations because I know the correct thing

to do and say? Do I do my very best Of course you can unwrap a bar of

excuses?and then never make FelsNaptha Soap without being overrun by fundamental quesThese are some

tions which must be answered in the midgets... but you can't use FelsNaptha without

affirmative to indicate a lady, but even more important are some other quesdiscovering the fastest and surest cleaning action tions which would indicate the innate fineness of a person which manifests you have ever had in the house.

itself in so many other ways. Perhaps

they could be called the spiritual maniDirt just can't escape the Fels combination offestations.

For instance, the true Gleaner indigood mild soap and active naptha. No matter

cates perhaps by her facial expression alone her displeasure at hearing somewhere dirt is hidden FelsNaptha finds it.

one criticized or talked of negatively.

She saves souls rather than condemns Loosens it quickly and gently. Floats it

them through her conversation and away without a tattletale trace.

does not enjoy others who condemn them through gossip and slander. No

matter how she feels about another Isn't this just the cleaning action person, she never criticizes nor ridicules. After all, how can anyone judge that you need on washdays?

thoughts, motives,another's or ideals Isn't FelsNaptha exactly characteristics? outwardby purely

She does not laugh or even smile at the kind of laundry soap certain jokes and stories, for innately she is so fine she can find nothing that you have been funny about "dirt."Yet she is so full

of fun and pep that no one thinks of trying to find?

her as dull or a "spoilsport."She always has the courage to maintain her

standards no matter in whose company she is.

Why should you, a Gleaner, ask yourself, "Am I a lady?"Because you

will want to be one in order to achieve all the fine goals have you dreamed FelsNaptha Soap for yourself. a wonderful have You

{Concluded on page 326) BAN/SHESyATTLETALE GRAY"

MAY 1947 265 "D eference has been made to the ne-

A cessity of increasing our holdings of food, clothing, bedding, etc. We, the Oke in of the tops that dwells here group

will the inmountains, not WORK of GOD these need

By PRESIDENT happenscrease verythat wemuch,do notunlessknowsomethingof now, but it was the advice of those early pioneers under President Young to keep a year's foodstuffs on hand, so that if anybody did lose his crops, he could carry over until the next season.

Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 117th annual It was a very severe test of faith, I am general conference, April 6, 1947, in the Tabernacle sure, to some of our people, when the

President of the United States and those associated with him decreed that that destroy our food, should and we sufficiently their crops, matured which been good to has the sure Lord am kill then to our animals, should and It seed. coming we But for the used for to be conference. of these days us in

I has been a happy experience. The of the DonnerReed Party the year behave the Church leadership say: "We

brethren who have spoken to us have fore, they would probably have been will build granaries; we will grow more

expressed themselves under the influweeks longer arriving in this valley, and food; we will increase our herds and

ence of the Spirit of our Heavenly Fait would have been too late for planting. our flocks; we will not destroy what

ther. We have been entertained with Truly "God moves in a mysterious way, this world will soon need so much."

the most delightful music that could his wonders to perform."The result was that when the war

have been heard anywhere. The TabLater when the pioneers were desperwas finished, we had plenty. Not only

ernacle Choir today has rendered anate because of the destruction of their did we have plenty in our granaries, but thems and hymns that I am sure have uplifted our souls.

As I have sat here and looked into the faces of the men and women present, I have seen those from many parts of the country, and I have shaken hands with people from nearly every section of the United States and from other parts of the world. Ours is no longer

a Church of small number and limited boundary. Its membership may be

found in almost all parts of the civilized world.

I am sure we are grateful to those who have sung for us and prayed for us, and to those who have given to us their testimonies. We who are here today are just a little handful of the membership of this great Church. I think

we hardly realize the real power of this organization.

We have said much about the coming of the pioneers. They were men and

women of courage and fidelity. It is a

strange thing: I have been thinking of

them for the last few moments. Three

of us who have talked to you in this audience today are descendants, grandPresident George Albert Smith with his daughter, Emily first session. leaving after the the Tabernacle the Stewart, fact, three of of of mattersons as a

sent to President Hawaii. The flower lei was Smith from first ever in the talked meetingmen who

held in this valley by the Latterday

Saints. I refer to Brother Benson,

Brother Kimball and myself. Our

first addelivered thegrandfathers bless the also surplus the crickets, given to to they the crops had went by we this in listened to thatdresses were cellars In the needy. our their the sea root on and only hope. as Lord Then

piothe arrival the of followingvalley sufficient crickets gulls ranges, farms our the and had devoured and came we to interest to It ofneers. you be may until that present, the that crops. time from the saved and

in speaking Young, President thatknow off sent stories carload after are carload or been not All these has new those criticized of one group,to the men sisters in other brothers to to of strange people. our and you you Most

potatoes planted on some hebecause I recall lands, missed one before. not have them here heard and have we to before came hethe Sabbath day of meat. of bushel that years peoour wheat, one ago pound hundred a now

church. ple were camped on the banks of the Nor have we missed one quart of fruit

Missouri River in an Indian country, or vegetables that has been canned and

TThere was a purpose in the coming expatriated from their own homes, desent over there. I want to say that as

of the pioneers. It was no small prived of that which they had earned we have given to the poor, we have but

responsibility that President Young and accumulated, and willing to come lent to the Lord. And so we ourselves

undertook when he led the people into this western land and leave everytoday are in greater comfort than many across the plains and into the valleys of thing behind rather than surrender their people in different parts of the United these mountains. The Lord had opened faith. I wonder if we were put to the States and other parts of the world who

the way and prepared the time, and the test whether or not we would be as have not given to help those who are in result was that they came and planted courageous as they were. distress.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I am sure the Lord loves those share that information with all his chilthis family and said, "Sister Austin, we humble, faithful souls who are willing dren. What a commission, a divine have been preparing to go with this

to reach out and touch those who are commission! boat. We have our reservations; we

in need whether it be with food or have our money, but sickness has come clothing or bedding or kindness because HPhe Lord says that he is a slothful into our family, and it is necessary for that is a part of the gospel of Jesus servant who waits to be comus to stay. Would you like to use this

Christ. manded in all things. (See D. 6 C. 58: money and take your family to America? Then you can send the money back

after you get over there."

I hope that the membership of this Church will scarceTalk asaboutit wasa miracle,in those withdays!moneyThe reas

not be deceived into thinking that other plans, sult was that the Austin family came to other forms of government, other systems of this country, and it has been a blessing direction whatsoever, are desirable. I want to to the Church that they came. God

opened the way.

say to you without hesitation that no form of government in the world can be compared HPhere are dozens and dozens of such favorably with the government God gave to us. * instances, hundreds of them if we

had time to check on them and repeat them. What a wonderful thing it is to

'oday people of all the world know 26.) When we see all around us the know that we can, if we will, hold our

of the Latterday Saints. They need for living as well as teaching the Heavenly Father's hand and be guided

know the record we have made, and gospel, it is our duty to set the example, by him. No other people in the world

they know the truth about us now as We ought not to be waiting for other have the assurance that this group of they never have before. The result is people to take the initiative; it should people has. If we do our duty, even our

that our neighbors and friends of other be our responsibility to go forward. children may have that faith, as a refaiths who come to see us look from a Everything that is praiseworthy, suit of the training in our homes that

different viewpoint, see what we are everything in civil life, or in religious prepares them for the struggle of life.

accomplishing, and go away to become life that is necessary to make the people We may desire the wealth of the world, missionaries for the cause of the Mashappy will come to us as a part of the but the most important treasures that ter. I wish you could see several letters gospel of Jesus Christ, our Lord. This we have are the sons and daughters that

that have come to me in the last few is his Church; we are his people if we God sends to our homes. I want to say

days from people not members of the are faithful. I want to say that this to the Latterday Saints one of the reChurch, and telegrams from some of Church will continue to grow and exsponsibilities of every married couple

the most prominent men in our nation, pand, and instead of approximately a is to rear a family to the honor and men of affairs, wishing me well as Presmillion souls as we have now, if we glory of God. Those who follow the

ident of the Church, wishing the shall do our duty, the membership of customs and habits of the world in

Church well for what we are doing to this Church will continue to increase, preference to that blessing will some bless our kind, and encouraging us to and the good men and women, those day find that all the things they have go forward. who are seeking God, will get the instruggled for are wasted away like

reared have while those who spiration and accept the truth as some ashes, misthree over thousand We have keep and their families to honor did. of God your forebearssionaries in the world and many of them

will be led to homes which before were I would like to tell you the story of his commandments will find their treasclosed but will now be open to hear the family of a man sitting in this ures not altogether here upon earth in their testimonies. It is our responsibility

to carry the message of the gospel not only to the civilized world but also to "VXe may desire the wealth of the world, but the those are not considered to be who so most important treasures that we have are the thiscivilized. All poshas been made

sible because the Lord in his wisdom sons and daughters that God sends to our saw the necessity of giving us a nation homes. I want to say to the Latterday Saints

in thrive. In which no we could other one of the responsibilities of every marriednation the heaven could under Church

have been organized and gone forward couple is to rear a family to the honor and as we have in this nation. The founding glory of God.

of the United States was not an accident. The giving to us of the Constitution of the United States was not an audience today, that of the Austin fammortality, but they will have their

accident. Our Heavenly Father knew tfy. They wanted to come to Zion, but treasures when the celestial kingdom

what would be needed, and so he paved tey jid not have the means. The fashall be organized on this earth, and

the way to give us the Constitution. It ther was not sure they could make it. those treasures will be their sons and

came under the influence of prayer, and He was working in the coal mines in daughters and descendants to the latest he guided those who framed that wonEngland. However, the mother regeneration. That is what the Lord says.

derful document. ceived the inspiration and said: "We Fathers and mothers, teach your sons

I hope that the membership of this must get ready to go to Zion."When and your daughters the necessity of

Church will not be deceived into thinkthe husband indicated that he did not virtue. Do not leave it to somebody

ing that other plans, other forms of think it was possible, she paid no attenelse. Do not take it for granted that

government, other systems of direction tion. She secured boxes and began to they understand, but in their tender

whatsoever, are desirable. I want to make and repair the children's clothing years explain to them the purpose of

say to you without any hesitation that which she put in the boxes. The huslife and guide them that they may feel

no form of government in the world can band saw the preparations, and yet he that it is a blessing from the Lord to be compared favorably with the gov could not see how there was any chance be members of the Church and to be ernment God gave to us. This is his for them to go. They had only food sons and daughters of the Living God.

plan. Then after giving us our civil govenough and barely enough clothing to

ernment, preparing the way for governkeep them comfortable. "T'he divorce rate of our country is

ing ourselves, if you will, he organized One day, about two weeks, as I reappalling, and many of those, who, the Church and gave it the name of his member it, before a boat was to sail, a within the last few years, have hastened

Beloved Son, and then directed that we good woman came into the home of (Continued on page 341

MAY 1947 267

in which to live that can be found anymore men and women of affairs born in where. Fortunately for me, I have been this state than in any other state in the PRESIDENT able to observe and enjoy that developUnion in proportion to population.

is not known. As you sit ago. timeGEORGE ALBERT ment. The Lord made a promise a long You cannot go anywhere in the world in are doubtless you ye "Seek It wasfirst"—notthis last—"Seek ye wherehere thisUtahmorning,

SMITH firsteousness;the kingdomand all oftheseGod,thingsand hisshallrightbe theable mostmeetingcomfortable,place for theits size—andmost desirit added."(Matthew 6:3.) is one of the largest—to be found in all

Address delivered at the Friday And when our people abandoned the world. You are in an edifice where

morning session o/ the 117th their comfortable homes in the East a pin drop can be heard two hundred annual general conference, because of force, also in different parts feet away. And all these things, with

April 4, 1947, in the of the world, and began to trek their thousands of others that might be menTabernacle way across the plains to this thentioned, have been coming one by one wilderness, they had to have faith to that we might enjoy them in this fais my pleasure this morning to bid believedesert landthat thetheyblessingscould enjoythat inpeoplethis voredprophetland.a longThetimeLordago revealedthat this towashisa

to the the house ofITyou welcome lands, fails all other and elsewhere. choice land above enjoy never Lord The

It Lord. picture see is a beautiful to

I fufil are this fortunate his those promise, here time to at stand and who this filled, great tabernacle seats the this of it this in part in the that fact to witness to dwell enough a today occupied and people standing, at the promised land, are some of the happiest that there is no better place in which feelwe beginning of the one hundred that sevenpeople can be found on the earth, may live.

teenth annual conference of the Church advantages and opportunities and the of Saints. Christ of Jesus Latterday are unsurpassed. here only do Not we the these presidents mission from T see organized great under Church wasThe blessings that the our have Heavenly earth, the missions stake various ofdifficulties unpleasantness those to and has Father as us bestowed upon high counselors, bishops, inpresidencies, its members. became Peoplewho who dividuals, people but also from come been has councilors, already as and theaccepted did gospel so because they of the all parts to world has see what all the this said, General stand are on it will, the Lord's theknew was and accomplished. been exthis of with Authorities one Churchresult that they able ento was were

dure the persecutions and difficulties and ception. I welcome you all. We have

sorrows that followed them until they this marvelous chorus of singing mothfinally were driven from the East and ers who have already entertained us decame here to these desert lands to make lightfully, and the great organ that is their homes with the wild animals, and famous the world over. Think, if you

at that time, the still more savage red can, of any place in all the world that men. you could go to attend a service that

Remarkable as it may seem, but runwould compare with this. Surely the

ning true to form, the Church from its Lord has fulfilled his promise. In our

inception endured persecution. It was homes we have not suffered for the

so in the days of the Old Testament, necessities of life during this terrible also during the mortal life of the Savior war period. A commandment was given

as well as in our day. The people were long ago through a prophet of old to

moved about, buffeted from place to "... Come out of her, my people, that

place, but I think it could be safely said ye be not partakers of her sins, and that every day when the sun went down that ye receive not of her plagues."

the Church was stronger than it had (Rev. 18:4.) Many of you who are in

been the day before. this audience today are descendants of

Representatives from many parts of those who followed this advice, and the world are in attendance today. some of you have come yourselves from

Many of you have traveled a long disdistant lands for the gospel's sake, and tance, and I am sure you will receive a by so doing you escaped the ravages of blessing because of your investment. world wars. Our Heavenly Father is

mindful of his own.

'"Phis happens to be an unusual occaIn an earlier day, if anybody wanted We are here this morning not to see sion for me. Seventyseven years to hear the best music and be trained in and be seen, but we are here to worship,

ago today I came to Salt Lake City. My great universities, he had to go away and there will address us from this

mother's home was just across the road from here. Today those who have been stand a group of men whose lives'are

west of us, and that is where I was trained here in our universities are servdevoted to disseminating the gospel of born. From the best of my recollection ing in many parts of the United States Jesus Christ. In this audience there are

the ground was covered with snow that as instructors in other educational inhundreds who have filled missions, have morning, just as it is now. In addition stitutions. Those who used to go away been away from home for a term of

to my memory I have the testimony of to receive their musical training and years, at their own expense or the exmy mother who later told me there was learn how to operate a pipe organ may pense of their loved ones, to divide the deep snow on the ground. now get that instruction here, and from gospel of Jesus Christ with our Father's

Many things have transpired since this Tabernacle the choir sings to the other children. I would like to have all

then. I have seen this city grow and world, and the music of the organ is those who have filled missions for the

develop. When I was a child, there sent everywhere that radio reaches. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

were no paved streets. The dust on Saints outside the states in which they

West Temple Street was the most de- A fter one hundred years the Lord live, raise their hands. Thank you.

lightful playground the children could ** has made his people known for I wish all who are outside the buildhave. We ran barefoot in it, and we good. It is remarkable what has been ing could see that sight. Hundreds, both

had a happy time. accomplished. This state is classified men and women, have indicated that

Little by little conditions improved, as number one among the states of the because of their assurance that God and now in this year of the one hunUnion for the largest number of high lives, that Jesus is the Christ and that dredth anniversary of the coming of the school students and the largest number Joseph Smith was a Prophet of the

Pioneers, on the 24th of July next, we of university students in proportion to Lord, they have been willing to leave see one of the beautiful cities of the population. We are recognized because home and loved ones and go from door

world, one of the most delightful places there have been more scientists and (Continued on page 343) 268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JJcaue"HOW OFTEN WoM J."

.. GATHERED THEE

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the were spiritual, that he never had prophets, and stonest them that are sent given a law which was temporal.

unto thee; how often would I have gathered He tried to get us to live the comgather doth together, as a hen children thy the in given that mandments he had would ye and her wings, under her brood that the matter none of United Order

13:34.) not! (Luke

all suffer, that needed might who

When he came to Jerusalem on that might be provided for, that all might be last mission and while preaching in the his people, happy, one with another, betemple, he uttered that fierce denunciacause of no jealousies of excess in one tion against the Pharisees and the and deficiency in another. But the peoScribes, the fiercest that I know of in all ple could not live it. After three years

history, called attention to the fact that and four months he was forced to take they had persecuted and martyred the it away, suspend it, and if you want to righteous, and then again broke forth know why it was suspended I refer you in the same lament to the fiftysixth section of the Doctrine the beginning with Covenants, and killest that thou Jerusalem, Jerusalem, O JR. is PRESIDENT crystallized CLARK, verse. J. REUBEN fourteenth There are stonest which them and prophets, the selfishness his of denunciation and I have often thee, would sent unto how

this dispensation. against us of greed as together, even children thy gathered

delivered at the Saturday Address tried other measures when we came wings, her under chickens gathereth her a We hen morning session of the 117th and ye would not! (Matthew 23:37.) here to the valleys, but they were no

annual general conference, more successful. Here in the last few

April 5, 1947, in the That is the motif of all of God's dealyears we have set up another plan, temTabernacle ings with mankind, always forgiving, poral yet spiritual. He is again trying

always ready to accept us if we will but us. "How often would I have gathered

put ourselves where we may be acthee together as a hen gathers her chickis love, and it the divine sion of influence the Spirit the of sweet not my brothers and sisters.MY brothers and sisters, I trust that cepted. His expression was an expresens under her wings"—that is the issue, his comthat interest in making of the with without been which has Lord

us thus far in this conference and in this parison he spoke of the love of the T do not need to belabor the need we session will continue with us while I mother hen, mother love, the nearest A have or that we are likely to see stand before you. thing we know to divine love. grow greater, particularly in this counpres- miss from our try with this morning coming unemployment on. We We

"Pver since the world was, he has Callis, those, perhaps, shall great men, Apostleence help, even all need two whose greatest love was his fellow men offered us opportunities to serve with the most. Yesterday's sermons

and his desire and purpose to spread him. He has tried to have us live righttold of the needs of our brothers and

among them the truths of the revealed eously. He has forgiven, over and over sisters who are in foreign lands. Are

gospel of this last dispensation; the again. He has tried to bring us back to we going to meet this challenge and proother, Bishop Ashton, who loved men him. Enoch, Noah, Moses—think of vide for those who are in need of help

as much as did Apostle Callis, whose how patient he was with Israel, the deor are we going to let matters go and troubles, the troubles of men and womstruction of the firstborn of Egypt, the take up our time complaining?

en, appealed to him, and always he did crossing of the Red Sea, the providing I want to repeat the suggestion I have all that he could do, that lay within his of the manna, the striking of the rock in made before, the thought was inspired power to do, to alleviate those troubles. the wilderness. by the reports that came that some of

They were great men. They have gone When it came to the time of the the brethren were counting out what a

to a great reward that will take them to Savior himself, think how he tried to terrible load they had in dollars and a place in the celestial kingdom of God. lead them to repentance, forgiving cents. Their computations surely made

When the Savior was just leaving wherever he found people worthy of it big enough. If I remember rightly, the

TransJordan to come into Jerusalem to forgiveness. All through the history of Lord commanded Israel that she should

be crucified, the Pharisees came to him Israel there has run that one sentiment: not take a census, should not count her

that told seeking the himand Herod was I do not command know why I have gathered thee men. often would How

it him. speaking I suspectto kill but because of Herod was given, And was not. wouldst thou as but

"that fox"the Savior said: Tell him if they counted and saw how few they

that the sick are healed and that the In our day the same thing is true. were, they would lose all heart to fight

blind see. Tell him that I must travel Time and time and time again he has the battles which they had to fight. And

today, tomorrow, and the next day, "for called us to serve him, and has given the record is that when they did not it cannot be that a prophet perish out us mighty promises as to what he would count, God blessed them. If I were you

of Jerusalem."(Luke 13:33. do if we would but do our part. The presidents of stakes, chairmen of reAnd the mention of Jerusalem seemed Church had scarcely organized when gions, I do not believe I would spend

to have awakened in his mind all that he gave the great law of temporal too much time figuring out how much had gone before since the world was, and spiritual salvation, the United money I had to raise but go to work particularly since Jerusalem was built, Order. And remember, that the Lord and raise it.

and he said: very early said that to him all things (Concluded on page 339)

MAY 1947 269

HONORING THE UTAH PIONEERS

Address delivered at the Sunday Tn the spring of 1848, the pioneers morning session of the 117th planted about five thousand acres, annual general conference, principally in wheat. Suppose that the anJ

April 6, 1947, in the hordes of crickets that blackened the symphony orchestra to our school. To us it

Tabernacle sky in the month of May that year had was an unforgettable experience, and should destroyed those crops, the principal if aid substantially in building an adult audifinest in the interested music. of ence You for the of subsistence only means YEARS today not'HUNDRED AGO

in desire a to hear us have truly awakened in the valley the for the people and there held Quarat Winter wasONE this orchestra again. and again

It is concoming. thousands were who Bluffs, ters near Iowa, Council

a conference of the Church of Jesus ceivable that there might have been a And their principal says to that only overtragedy which second Saints. ofChrist Latterday Easter

high experience with school Never in my illfated the Party. Truly took Donner if that conference part ofSunday was of students has people audience an young right he President it was when is Youngit this as part of included Sunday, courteous so attentive and so been to and

didn't the here. people lead said he all in today. theconference groups Of this It appreciative of of type performance

world who profess to believe in Christ, was God. Even as it was, the harvest as were the West High School students on

none have more assurance in their was insufficient to supply the wants of this occasion. The success of the experihearts of the reality of the resurrection the populace. Food was rationed. Peoment proves that high school boys and girls

of Christ than did this group who met ple dug sego roots, cooked weeds, and really appreciate things of high quality.

thistles, for subsistence. even say, Quarters. couldat Winter They

the are pioneers These of whom the /\uras the of of all true Church members thehigherUniversityeducationalof Utah,institutions,Brigham writes: Bancroft in the of historianChrist today can say, words

University, Agricultural the and Young Christians, salutation early the ofthe ties of sundered. past the All had been their are giving respective College is risen,"reply, the"Christ and their that so poor hope utmost were "He is They

difin fiftyeight approximately life. dramas necessities of to secure merest therisen was indeed."

The historian Lord Macaulay says If ever a dream of anything like comfort ferent localities, making a total, including Time, of one Blossom hundred a grave or them, to they luxury came made the reverethat "the people do not who it their in for hearts eightyseven that dream and buried appearances. will ancestors never of theirdeeds do

that longer it might not vex them. traveling art exhibits have been Theanything to be remembered by their

descendants."booked for fourteen cities. I am inEight days after that conference at Legal Opening of the Centennial formed by the chairman of the arts

Winter Quarters, the first band of PioCelebration division that they will have visited in the or state with county one the legal every year will be May 1 this C\n theneers on encamped were Elk Horn 1 these events before more of June centennial opening of the Utah fifty the from miles westabout where

Saints had spent the latest winter. The celebrating the advent of these intrepid Last Sunday night in this auditorium,

group, as you know, consisted of one Pioneers into the valley of the Salt the Tabernacle Choir rendered a sacred hundred fortythree men, three women, Lake. On that occasion the pioneers concert of unequalled excellence. Mr.

director is at present Krone, who prior to Max came to Utah living, who children. of that group nowand two Two

at the University of music of Southern in the completion the railroad of 1869, of the Church. Three nonmemberswere

were colored. will be given fitting deference. California, and an outstanding authorafter it, said, music, hearing on and I call attention this ocity your on May suggests a picture That encampment

is truly, said the greatest choral "This to features of the planned some artcasion sovereign the skill of yourworthy in organization the States."United the centennial year, a for statewide than one hundred of fewer bandists—a first eight series of of a That was the celebration. of schedule The complete miles facing nine hundredfifty men

over an unresponsive, defiant desert events is now printed in our daily Sunday evening concerts to be given and plain. Behind them, stretching from papers, but I wish to call your attention by our choir.

Council Bluffs, Iowa, to the British to a few this morning that you may get In the music educators'conference,

Isles, were forty thousand people with the spirit of it. held in the Tabernacle Wednesday

faith in their hearts in the restored gosIn behalf of the governor, the state night, April 3, four hundred students pel, and an unwavering confidence in the legislature, and the centennial commisfrom fiftytwo high schools united in orchestra thirtytwo with an song from this sion, opportunity to thank I takeleaders were of the Church, And what

California. schools southern from stations, the high the press, the radio and did theythose leaders facing? What

see at the end of their trail? A barren hundreds of committee members who

valley on the shores of a great inland are all so sincerely and untiringly deEvents Ahead sea, a part of the Rocky Mountain tervoting their efforts to make this centenFollowing the tribute to the pioneers ritory for which United States Senator nial year a worthy expression of our the first of May (to be specific May 5)

McDuffin said he would not for agrigratitude for the rich and honorable The Message of the Ages will be given cultural purposes "give a pinch of heritage left by the Utah pioneers. in the Tabernacle, continuing until

snuff."With all. those thousands of Already the Utah symphony orchesJune 5.

people headed toward an uninhabited tra has given twentytwo performances Following that, the Young Men's and desert, try to imagine the magnitude of in thirteen cities. To have an orchestra Young Women's M.I.A. conference

the; responsibility carried by President of such excellence visit so many towns and centennial celebration will be held,

Young and his associate leaders. Six in a state at so little expense to the peowhich promises to be the greatest conmonths after the first advance comple is undoubtedly an outstanding recference ever conducted by these organpany had entered the Great Basin there ord in the United States, and possibly izations.

were over two thousand people in and in the world. We are glad the people July 22, commemorating the entrance

around Great Salt Lake City; and in appreciate it. Here is a sample of what into this valley of the advance comMay 1 848, that number was more than they are saying: From the students of pany, the Sons of the Utah Pioneers

doubled, for President Young in that the West High School, in Salt Lake will complete a trek from Nauvoo to month having returned to Winter City: Salt Lake,

Quarters, led a company of six hundred We wish to thank the centennial comJuly 23, a pageant in the form of a wagons and approximately two thoumission, Doctor Lorin Wheelwright, and cavalcade, telling the story of Utah sand more people, Werner Janssen, for bringing the Utah from its first explorations through one 270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

a worthy tribute to the heroic men and women who have left us such a rich heritage. To this end music, drama,

art, pageantry, athletics will all combine to interest, instruct, and inspire young and old. In every important

town from Cache valley on the north to St. George and Kanab on the south,oLadt L/aiued from Vernal on the east to the Salt

Flats on the west, there will be appropriate dignified events commemorative of the accomplishments of these

B, monwealth.pioneer builders of this western comOF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY,/ Neighboring states are contributing

to this celebration and even asking the privilege to make monetary contributions. Worship, education, music, drama, recreation, art were all fostered in

our early history by the pioneers, and we do well in paying honor to them to emphasize these phases of culture and progress.

\T7ell, I've given you just this glimpse "* of what the hundreds of men and women on the centennial committees are doing to make the year '47 memorable in tribute to the past achievements and inspirational to us for future accomplishments.

Highest Honor Shown Emulating Ideals But the best way to honor the pioneers is to emulate and make practical in ideals our lives the that and virtues

O. President David

their lives. strengthened animated and of the First McKay,

Presidency, and Sister ideals eternal principles These and leaving TemMcKay fostered upheld, which they and even ple Square.

under the most adverse conditions, are as applicable today as they were when emphasized by the pioneer leaders.

I should like to take time this morning to refer to only a few. As I name

them, will you please mentally point out their applicability to present world conditions?

their faith outstanding Foremost was years, including a glimpse of hundred United States will be held here July 13 in his Christ in Jesus the Lord and the future, 16. staged here. to will be

first restored gospel. instrucvery The

24, of dedicatory the morning July On tion their given they jourbegan when fitting will given climax, there be Asa is the of services Place""This monuacross the plains that ney they was "in the opera University stadium the will the of at held be Emiment mouth should morning night pray and and depageant, Valley,"Promised "The this there canyon. gration occasion On the holy keep day. Sabbath they When the picting song through and pageantry will thouassembled probably be two in the valley, arrived here to the quote the as told history exof pioneers or schools the performers sand from band President of words they Young, prayed in the the of imagination perienced auof participate the to with Boy Utah

... it land the over dedicated the and and people the musician thor through and their in youth. of Scouts parades

air, water, everything pertaining to and trek. the made who in will pageants there 24th be July the Lord, smiles the unto of them and heavin fair state the of board, Members City. Salt Logan, Ogden, Lake it rested the land en and upon became centennial cooperation the with comwill productive. Fort be on encamped There

Douglas grounds five thousand or more mission, are preparing the greatest exBoy Scouts, perhaps the largest enposition in the history of the state in Among the outstanding virtues of the horticulture, agriculture, animal pioneers industry were and thrift. They campment of its kind ever held in the which

industry will idleness mining husbandry, all be condemned wastefulness and country.

given due recognition. as not being in accordance with the

historical held cavalcade will be An athletics rules heaven. In of the field of champions President Said Young

at University, 4 Brigham July Young Switzerland, France, and Sweden, from experience me, has taught and it has My 5. and thrilled thoualready have Canada it principle a with me, that become is never

One hundred years of American sands in the centennial ski tournament. any benefit to give out and out to men or

painting will be opened at the Capitol, Fifteen other events are on the prowomen money, food, clothing, or anything

July 15 to August 30, and it is hoped gram. I shall not take time to narrate else if they are ablebodied, and can work

that acceptance exercises will be held them. and earn what they need when there is anyfor earth thing is do. to on them This my exhibited will at near be which October Officials the in every with county

I it. principle, try act to and purupon To President the statue Brigham of marble are possible of county, exception one contrary a ruin course sue would any comits is in the to place take which Young, this uniting wholeheartedly in making in the idlers. munity world and them make

at Hall Statue Washington, C. D. celebration statewide will such as do... is idler the give to as wicked To

The conference of governors of the honor to those who participate and be anything else. (Continued on page 345)as

MAY 1947 271 THE SON OF GOD Friends of the Church of the Air:

of the transcendent account The signalizes event which this day and AV )/****(/ entitles it to rank among the first of all OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE memorial days is brief and simple.

Jesus of Nazareth, who had proclaimed himself the Son of God, had Address given as the "Church of the Air"sermon oyer Radio Station KSL been crucified and his sorely tortured and the Columbia Broadcasting System, Sunday, April 6, 1947, body entombed in a borrowed sepulchre. at 8:00 a.m.. Mountain Standard Time

At the dawning of the third day, "at the end of the Sabbath,"certain devoted there to perform returnedwomen inseparably of the erstwhile persecuting up people bound some resurrection—are offices for theunfinished dead. They all the spread empire and together, into one itself over whole and may not

found the tomb empty, and his burial be considered as severable parts. nations of the western world, stamping

clothes folded together. Their agitation The integrity of the unified account is them with the very name of Christ.

was quieted by a heavenly messenger enormously fortified by subsequent hapFrom thenceforth it has influenced and who, announcing that he knew they penings, for it has profoundly changed shaped the course of nations, supplyseeking Jesus, gently reprovedhad come this history them, the of to day, their the world's and ing course noblest * "''< asking:them ideals, that influence their determining the best standards has been for evalua-

... Why seek ye the living among the nanthas foramonglong themadepeopleswesternof thismanearth.domitionconductof behavioris extolledaccordingas being torightwhichordead?

He is not here, but is risen: remember Clearly this phenomenal consequence condemned as being wrong, introduchow he spake unto you when he was yet in was not attributable to the worldly rank ing the concept of human brotherhood

Galilee, or earthly possession of Jesus. He had and of the individual worth and dignity

Saying, The son of man must be delivered neither. I do not, however, wish to of man. History furnishes no parallel

into the hands of sinful men, and be crucidwell upon the humble circumstances to the power and influence of Jesus the fied, and the third day rise again. of his birth nor the lowly station of Christ. In all the achievements of the

And they remembered his words. (Luke his life. All this has been immemorially nineteen centuries since his death,

24:5-8.) the subject of eloquent discourse. nothing has been produced to challenge

The record adds little to that epoch- I do, though, want to emphasize this preeminence. In this marvelous

making story except that the risen Lord that the life of Jesus was not lived nor day when study of physical forces has identified himself to Mary, one of the his doctrine propounded among a beseemed to bring knowledge about them women; then, on various occasions, to nighted or naively credulous people. almost to its very pinnacle, there is in

his intimate disciples, and finally to a He lived and wrought among, and, folall our learning, physical or metaphysiconsiderable body of people as he took lowing his death, his disciples carried cal, mystical or philosophical, nothing his earthly leave of them. his message to peoples boasting a twoto grip the hearts of men as they have

According to accepted reckoning, all thousandyear-old civilization. The been gripped by the compelling power

this happened more than nineteen hunbanner of Rome spread out over all the of the Man of Galilee. "Whence hath

dred years ago, but that simple account, lands whose shores are washed by the this man his power?"

widely spread, and accredited by milwaters of the Mediterranean. There

lions, has persisted without interruption were converged the learning of the anTn all his teachings Jesus emphasized down through all the intervening cencients; the record of the laws and A the supremacy of the spirit. The

turies. Today, betokening the depth of theistic beliefs of Israel with its noble message he committed to his disciples

its penetration into the pattern of their literature and the majestic messages of was a spiritual message, whose power lives and the farflung extent of its dothe Hebrew prophets; the art, literature, was inherent in itself and not derived

minion, people, over that whole broad poetry, and music of Greece; the fruits from any materialistic source or desection of this earth comprising what is of the organizational and governmental pendent on the caprice of human favor.

called the Christian world, will flock in That is the secret of its conquest. He

multitudes to their churches, or have came teaching not a mere code of already done so, to pay homage to him ethics, but a religion.

ministry is his earthly his he crowned commissioned whatwho of Our observance of this Easter disciplesThat over spread to and redemption everywhere. by triumph Hismercy

death, giving assurance of the indeday, though we 'may have charge to them was, structibility of life and its perpetuation thronged to our clourches, will the for all race the gravebeyond of he futile unless we come from baptizingGo ye therefore,them in theandnameteachof allthe nations,Father, is the mesthe meaning andmen. That

sage of the empty tomb. them refreshed in that faith andTeachingof the Son,themandto observeof the Holyall thingsGhost:whatand strengthened in the will to soever I have commanded you.... (Matstory more than comprehends the"D ut restore it as the power that can thew 28:19, 20.)

"'t recital of the incident of a mere the resurrection. That, standing alone, save the world. The reality and directive authority

likely could not have prevailed over of God, he made the central theme of the opposition raised against it. It had all his teaching, declaring that he had

to be.coupled with the life and works come from the Father to whom he

and teachings of him whose body came genius of Rome. There, in the heart would return and whose will alone he

forth out of the stonecovered, guardof the world's culture, Christianity was had come to do. He prayed fervently

protected sepulchre. Neither would the born. That is where, among the peoto the Father and taught his disciples

life alone nor the teachings alone have ples who had created that culture, the to do so. It was to those who believe

sufficed. They had to be crowned with Church found its early adherents and in the Father that he promised eternal

the sanction of immortality which came sent down its firmbedded roots. There life. The last words he uttered as he

from victory over the grave. All these it won its place and got itself accepted died upon the cross were: "Father, into

—the life, the teachings, the death, and as the worship of the majority of the thy hands I commend my spirit."(Luke

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 23:46.) Implicit in all this is the doccause, then the cause would have been teachings from a religion to a code of

trine that he lived premortally with God removed when the fighting stopped, and worthy ideals without binding force.

and is his Son. He distinguished man, we should have had only to convalesce The mancentered humanistic creed by

too, as an eternal being, a child of God, from the sickness. That is not what which it is sought to supplant the Godthus bringing him into direct relationhappened. We seem further from peace centered Christian religion is thus stated

ship with the Father and the Son. now than when the battle was raging. by one high in the realm of educational

Nothing else so dignifies man or stabilThe pressure of the conflict had some thought.

izes in his his is soul is behavior unifying cohesive, him once which power now out whole, cosmos as a of which The pierced that conviction. with nations small wanting. seem Many life of evidence gives emerges, no human

in basic concept, Christian the That masters, to merely have changed be, intelligent. to and being, or wishing The

religion, shaped the thought processes their lot is not improved. They seem human spirit is alone in an otherwise nonof men and expressed itself not only to have lost all immediate prospect for human, nonspiritual universe. Whatever it

has, or may ever have of sensitiveness, of wisdom, of generosity, of freedom, of justice, it has made, and will make, for itself. (Alexander Meiklejohn, Education

Between Two Worlds.)

Over against this humanistic atheism

I set the confession of a doctor of philosophy, teacher in one of our large universities, who was sent to Germany to record the emotions and reactions of the defendants at the Nuremberg trials.

As he went through his experiences there, and after having witnessed the desolation of that ravaged land, he is reported to have said:

I was one of those smart boys who at my university used to ridicule the idea of God and who helped my students mock him. But

now as I stand in this place of utter ruin and see the judgment of God which has come upon this city, and this people, and which is crushing these defendants, the leaders of Germany, I am going back to

America and cry with the loudest voice I can muster: "It is time that we turn back

to God, lest a worse fate befall us."

Tt cannot be forgotten that the scourgElder Albert E. Bowen (right), of the Council of the Twelve, leaving the historic "* ing war, which has just devastated the

tabernacle with Elder Preston Richards of the Los Angeles Stake presidency. earth, broke out right in the heart of socalled Christendom. Christian nation

destroying Christian nation. The degin their forms of worship but also in controlling their own destinies. War radation left in its wake, the tragic

the secular affairs of their lives and in is rightly recognized as an evil scourge, collapse of morals, the earthsearing the very frameworks of civil governand there is a feverish desire to predesolation spread everywhere, and the ments themselves. It is at the foundavent its recurrence. But war arises tottering of the whole social order

tion of the whole civilization and culout of antecedent causes, and the only among peoples who have forgotten ture of the Christian nations of the way to prevent it is to remove those God, should teach us lessons in humiliworld. causes. ty and make us know that puny man,

How stands that civilization, if we The truth of the matter is that our of himself, standing in the midst of this pause to assess it, this Easter day? problem is a spiritual problem, and ununiversal wreckage, "is no more caIt is sick, terrifyingly sick, the whole less that is solved, our civilization is pable of saving the world than he was

world is, and everybody knows it. Hate, lost. The cure does not lie, as so many of creating it in the first place."

suspicion, envy, covetousness, and lust fondly believe, entirely in technical and It is high sounding to deny divinity for power, stalk the earth, keeping the economic reconstruction. I have already and to say that man must make for

whole globe in turmoil. Gripped by said that the civilization of Christenhimself whatever he has or may ever

fear, the nations are congealed with dom is founded on belief of God. You have. Men may profess to accept Jesus

terror. Christian civilization has sufwill destroy that civilization if you let as a great moral teacher and his docfered a tragic moral collapse. No its basis perish. To live, it needs constant trines as comprising the best code of

thoughtful person disputes that. But it nourishment at the source. The Nazi ethics the world has known. But his

is very doubtful if we have correctly youth were cut completely off the ethical and moral teachings derive diagnosed the malady. Rather does it Christian practices which had been the their influence over the lives of men

seem that we are toying with symptoms basis of man's living for centuries. They out of the majesty of divine authority

while the root causes of the disease are were trained to deny Christ's teachwith which Christ's gospel invested left to flourish and propagate, adminisings; so were the Fascist youth. You them. There they have their roots.

tering palliatives instead of cures. know the result, and it was not good. They cannot support a civilization if

Unfortunately the undermining of severed from their nourishing roots any

Pommonly we attribute our ills to the Christian faith has not been confined more than the bloom of a flower can war. That is an explanation so to Nazidom, or to Fascist controlled be kept after cut from its parent stem.

ready at hand. War is ugly anyway, lands or to Bolshevik revolutionaries. We have been trying to maintain faith

and the source of so much evil that it True, the same methods have not been in a Christian ethic without faith in the is easy to lump onto it the sole responused in most parts of Christendom, but religion that produced it. That cannot

sibility for all our afflictions. But it is destructive influences have nonetheless be done! True, a civilization and its

clear that the war is not the root cause been long at work all over the Chrisculture may go on after a fashion after of our disorders. It is only a symptom, tian world. it has lost faith in the power from

evidence of a basic ailment which proJesus is reduced from Godhood to which it rose, carried on its acquired duced it. If the war had been the the status of a mere moralist, and his {Concluded on page 338)

MAY 1947 273 D. HENRY MOYLE

of the visible activities that emuerber oro the Louncil ofOneadds to the impressiveness of the conferences of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is at the of sustainingthe the Jwelive officers—when, the first Infantry. He was an instructor in presenting person of therequest

names, right hands in the congregation the officers'school at The Presidio, and are raised in an affirmative but silent was in charge of the R.O.T.C. at Utah

vote. It is a motivating experience selState Agricultural College, Logan, for

al committee. seen this he has of As such, the outbreak six months. With see manydom witnessed elsewhere—to almost temporary, grow from work to again ready he was the World War II, join as one. So it was duringhandsafternoon of the Easter Sabbath—April serve his country—this time out of uniseasonal projects, to a place where the6, 1947, when, in the closing session of form—and his community, as he had welfare plan is worldwide in scope,

the one hundred seventeenth annual done in years past, and he became a caring for the needs of the Saints in conference of the Church, President director of the Petroleum Industry warravaged Europe, as well as the isles of in the farflung Zion, for stakes and of refining as chairman the Council, arose to haveDavid O. McKay

sea. of the Elder is the second Moyle District Four, Mountain the Rocky general Church Authorities andGeneral

officers sustained. area. He is now a director of the sucmember of the general welfare commitcessor of this organization, known as tee to be called as an apostle, Elder

During the next few moments, the the National Petroleum Council. In Harold B. Lee having been sustained in

existing vacancies in the Council of private life he is an officer of three oil April 1941.

the to Patriarch the andthe Twelve president refinery a of companies and Elder Alberta married Moyle sustained filled and wereChurch* by livestock company. of Charles and daughter C. Wright, a

into themselves crowded hadthose who 1 7, Scoville of president Clara Wright, October Elder became Moyle adthe and Tabernacle, by historicthe six 1919. posiin the have 1927, Stake They a Cottonwood onchildren—four seats found had hundredsditional who sons: filled daughters for Alice ten years. In tion the and he meantwo M. Hall Temon adjoining Assemblyin the California; initiated time, Yeates, Oakland, the in Marie 1936, what M. Church others were Unnumbered Square.ple City; Virginia to the welfare as be York has Wangeman, come known New their in conference own the to listening plan, general of the Moyle, Janet Moyle, Moyle, Henry one he D. and became the of to one tuned radios withhomes, all of Salt In Richard Jr., members. Moyle, 1937 he committee and was W. services. the broadcasting stationsthree City. genercalled the to the chairmanship of Lake

TLJenry Dinwoodey Moyle, who was * *"sustained as a member of the

Council of the Twelve, filling the vacancy created by the death of Elder

Charles A. Callis, needs little introduction to Church members residing

in the stakes of Zion. As chairman of

the Church welfare committee, he has accompanied the General Authorities to many of the stake conferences in the past ten years, where he has conducted welfare meetings and spoken at the general sessions.

Fiftyseven years of age at the time of this appointment, he was born in Salt

Lake City April 22, 1889, a son of the late James H. and Alice Dinwoodey

Moyle. He attended public schools and

the old Latterday Saint high school, and was graduated from the University of Utah in 1909, with a degree in mining engineering.

He was called on a mission to Germany in 1909. After completing this

mission, he enrolled for a year at the

University of Freiberg in Germany, where he studied geology. Returning

home, he prepared for a law career by studying at the University of Utah, the

University of Chicago, and Harvard

University.

T Te began the practice of law in Salt r Lake City in 1916, only to have it interrupted by World War I, in which—Courtesy, "The Deseret News"

he served as a captain in the TwentyMrs. Alberta Wright Moyle, Eider Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the Twelve, seated, with two of

their grandchildren, Kenneth W. Yeates III (left), and Marion Yeates. Back row: Henry D. Moyle, Jr.,

*See page 275 for the article on Patriarch Eldred Mrs. Alice Moyle Yeates, Richard W., Virginia, and Janet. (Mrs. Marie M. Wangeman of New York City

G. Smith. was absent when picture was taken.)

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA G. SMITH RESPONSE ELDRED

to a Lalt latriarch to the L/iurch

By ELDRED G. SMITH

Patriarch to the Church Eldred G. Smith was sustained as Saint high school in Salt Lake City,

Patriarch to the Church on April and at the University of Utah.

Address delivered at the Sunday 6, 1947, at the closing session of His Church activity began early afternoon session of the With the annual general conference. when he was called to leadership in

annual general conference, Eldred G. Smith, the seventh patrimany of his priesthood quorums and

April 6, 1947, in the arch to be sustained in this calling, is ward auxiliary organizations. He filled

Tabernacle the eldest son of the late Hyrum G. a mission in Europe from 1926 to 1929,

Smith, fifth Patriarch to the Church, being called to the SwissGerman mishave been active all of my life, and Martha Gee Smith. He is the sion. He became second counselor in

and I don't think that there greatgrandson of John Smith, the the bishopric of the Salt Lake City

Patriarch; fourth greatgreat- the I has I been a time when havelater Twentieth a and Ward, member of grandson the Smith, second Hyrum n't a had testimony the of gospel. the Ensign of Stake council. high When Patriarch; the greatgreat-greatand I that this is know the gospel his divided several years was ago, ward first Sr., of Smith, grandson the Joseph of I Christ. Jesus the sixth am first sustained he as the of bishop was this of Patriarch dispensation. in generation this in this Church the Twentieth reNorth Ward. More Patriarch Eldred Smith G. born was If dispensation. all forefamy cently as served he a president branch Lehi, Utah, 9, 1907. reJanuary He thers could be active in at members

the Church, as they were, I don't ceived his education in the Salt Lake in the East Central States Mission, know why I should be one to find City public schools, the old Latterday (Concluded on page 280) fault with it, or to question their testimonies as well as the testimony which bears within me. I

know that this is the true gospel of Jesus Christ. However, I think

that there are probably thousands of men in this Church who, if called by the proper authority, could come and fulfil any position in the Church, and the position to which I have been called is no exception. I believe and have always taught that the Lord's way

is the best way and that he is guiding this Church. This is the Lord's

Church, and he is directing it, and those who are called to positions are truly called of the Lord, and they are directing this Church as he wants it done, in spite of the fact that we all have our free agency.

While I was in the mission field in Germany, President Hugh J, Cannon said to us one time in a missionary testimony meeting, where only the missionaries were present: The Lord uses the weak things in this life to accomplish his purposes.

If you don't believe me just look around at yourselves, and the first chance you get, take a good look in a mirror.

That is still true, and I think I am just as weak today as I was then, and I am sure I am going to need the help of the Lord to fulfil this office to which I have been called. President Cannon also

said to us at one time, "How much time do you waste in prayer?"If we are wasting our time,

we are not praying. My appeal

to you as the membership of this (Concluded on page 27S): (Jourtesy, "The Deseret Neu/s"

Elder Eldred Smith, Patriarch G. to the Church

her lap. Raynor Back: on Miriam, Eldred and Gary and(left)Audreyand JeanneGay, twins.Ness Smith (seated), with Gordon

MAY 1947 275

witk tL Saints WESTWARD Part II EXCERPTS FROM THE HITHERTO

the 1st of [1847] MaySaturday, UNPUBLISHED JOURNAL OF still in the: the Cold morning wind

north—Col. Markham not being

very well; the command devolved upon

Major John Pack—We were ordered JTorace J\. (/[/mine

to go in succession this morning every 10 <i by itself, with its captain at its head.

Started at Yi Pas 5, went 6 miles and 1847 stopt to feed on the bank of the river at 10 minutes past 8 A.M. Sometime

before we arrived here, we saw through from them—about 1 o'clock P.M., we commenced a scene which defies alla spyglass 3 buffalo grazing on the descried, at the distance of about 5 or description—Every spyglass that could

top of the bluff to our right some 5 or 6 miles to our right side of the hill, or be found in the camp was put into im- 6 miles—2 or 3 footmen went out in bluff, 2 or 3 herds of buffaloes grazing mediate requisition, and the scene bepursuit, also 3 horsemen, viz:'—Porter,—an immediate halt was made—a band came one of intense interest to us all

of (hunters,) buffaloes 10 or 12 horsemen the as soon as Brown,Thomas & Luke spectators—As

speedily collected hunters, arrangethe of arrived discovered the approach and made here, Johnson—justsaw a largebefore we

herd some distance in advance of us, ments for the chase. They soon got they increased their speed, (which bealso about 5 or 6 miles to our right ready, and started—Bro. Heber soon fore had been slow) to a full gallop,Bro. O. Pratt counted 74 by the aid of followed—The wagons travelled along and passing along the side of the hill,his spyglass—They are now quite visslowly being in full view of the chase! were followed by the hunters in quick

ible from our present stoppingplace The horsemen took a circuitous route, and hot pursuit, leaving a cloud of dust

The thermometer last night stood at in order to head the lead, but were prein their rear—Most of the hunters, by41 degrees—Our course this forenoon vented from doing so immediately by riding in among them, succeeded in

has been due west. Here, although we an unforseen occurrence. An antelope getting a fair shot, although they did

found but little wood, we managed to passing by near us, was shot at by one not all prove fatal; a number of the

get breakfast—It is about 50 yds. of the brethren, (a footman,) but the herd making their escape, that wereacross the channel to Grand Island at shot did not take effect—Directly, the shot through the body—Brother Heberthis place—traveled about 4 miles and animal made towards the bluff, seeing rode in among them, made a shot atcrossed a slough or pond, which juts which, two dogs went off in full chase one and brought him down—His horse,

up from the River, about 12 o'clock M. The 3 went right among the buffaloes, partly alarmed at the discharge of the

Soon after Porter, T. Brown & Luke which, alarmed at the appearance of gun, and partly at the sight of the aniJohnson returned—they had wounded, the dogs, began to move off—Soon mals, suddenly started, and came veryas they supposed—mortally, 2 buffalos after, trie horsemen made their appearnear throwing him—Porter rode up to—which however, managed to get away ance upon the brow of the hill—Now one, by way of experiment, and shot

him full in the forehead, but without making the least impression.... The

chase ceased about 4 p.m., and the hunters came up to us about 5 p.m. The

kfa fruits of the day's work were as fol- *. fli/Zj?* *%. *-**,-ml lows—1 bull, 3 cows and 6 calves making 10 buffaloes—Some of the

hunters not yet returned who went out on foot this morning—5 wagons were

immediately unloaded and sent out to bring in the game—We moved on and

encamped at half past 6 p.m., near a

river, the or slough, *ij-r+H**> 7 <".! 6*. pond Y2 mile from in of time it communicates with which

today 18 miles water—Made -aXc, -+2*%.- &**-* **2 J*- <**—- pii&>ii in as usual, our wagons, -. highWe arranged

is - U a semicircular form—This place

about a mile above the head of Grand,'j Laa*, S**?**A*i oru/P ttu* Of*/ &>i*4>tf{t-<('ftn IW here—ThereIsland, which isis aplainlittletoscatteringbe seen fromtimKWi aftii /5>Si-. &. }*>-ri*fW & %***. Jirfytttn (t-tsTu*viiJ—***S *&-** ber, growing on the banks of the pond,

but there is very little grass, as it has been grazed very closely by the buffaloes and prairie dogs—We passed a

town or village of the latter, commencing about 5 miles back, and as far as we can yet see ahead it continues'—

The brethren of the camp are this eveVtU*. ning somewhat concerned about Brother

Joseph Hancock—He went out to the

bluffs this morning before breakfast and

Ctrlf* has not yet returned—A little after dark

the wagons sent after the game, returned, and the meat was distributed, 34 of an animal being given to each 10.

(To be continued) 276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jhovi Skatt if(ot (JSear n Address delivered at the Friday morning session of the 117th annual general conference, FALSE WITNESS

April 4, 1947, in the Tabernacle & M THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEINing,listeningnotwithstandingto the reportstherethis aremorn-a great many of us here, this building being filled to overflowing, having a variety of thoughts and reflections, I believe that we will be united upon this point, that this work in which we are engaged is a marvelous work and a wonder. As Elder [Clifford E.] Young

has suggested, we should appreciate our membership in this Church with all that it means to us, and I believe the Latterday Saints do. In fact, we have an

abundance of evidence of that fact. But

for the faithfulness of the Latterday

Saints in the payment of their tithes and offerings and answering the call of authority that comes to them, what has been reported of accomplishment during the past year would have been impossible.

As General Authorities of the Church, if I may speak for them, we regard it as an honor shown to us by your presence here in such great numbers. We appreciate your faithfulness

as Saints in the living of your religion and as officers constituting the leadership of the Church and the ministry of President George F. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve, greets Sister Moore and her small son,the Lord. We pray for you, and you conference visitors, recently from Germany.

pray for the General Authorities of isthe Church, there existand harmony his of that greatly neighbor the the give did robs which Lord com- \X/hy I "ing. of nothing the to contrary, know v his enimpoverishes neighbor without mandment? is the this blessingand Lord people himself. riching misothers makes Heabundantly, and have opportunity false shalt witness against bear we not Thou within has erable and and unhappy

of our showing neighbour. 20:16.) appreciation (Exodus his thy of Satan. himself of the kingdom

isblessings. There that person no can

subtle of the it because methgave He...fear if will in this this shelved being ye choose he day you work whom

effort his in to the of adversary ods.. serve.is 24:15.). (Joshua is to used. be worthy There ample

opportunity for every member to work divide "and tear asunder the love and to his full capacity to the one end, the the unity of the Lord's people! To bear Satan is an enemy of God and of

accomplishment of God's purposes, false witness may not appear to be a man and is constantly working to delooking to the saving of souls of the very serious offense, but its results are feat the purposes of the Lord in his children of men, the living and the dead. farreaching and cruel, hence, the use efforts to save the children of men. We

I would offer a few words of caumade of it by the instigator of evil. The should be on the alert lest we be found

this against us warns Lord hindering aid to evil pracrendering Satan andtion the to Saints. Latterday are We tice. talebearing, false witness, Bearing say of the the Lord. we work When if unwittingly findapt to ourselves, we

faultfinding, slander, gossip, scandal, the of leaders the anything about bad careful,are deviating not that from evil in the are speaking and false, true or whether Church, we tendstraight that to backbiting, and narrow leads way evil practice are of same category and their usetheir influence impair to andlife everlasting. a Perhaps few words

of caution will not be out of place. I some of the means employed by Satan fulness and are thus working against

would like, if I could, to give to you, to disunite us as a people and destroy the Lord and his cause. When we

my brethren and sisters and friends, brotherly love, kindness, and helpfulspeak well of our leaders, we tend to some of the real bread of life and have ness toward one another. increase their influence and usefulness

you take it with a relish and proper.,. Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyin the service of the Lord. In his abassimilation, or in the words of the self. (Matthew 22:39.) sence our brother's character when assailed, thus defended, doing should beApostle James:

injure not knowingly do whom We others to as by. be done would The we

of the ye doers word, and... be love. loves ascharacter one a not we No all us. of help of the needs Are Lord only,hearers deceiving selves. your own Spirit sassin. is led the of one By God are hindering? helping or Quotwe we 1:22.) (James his fellow to love to speak and men ing:

I would call your attention to two well of them, magnifying their virtues.

important characters about whom I Such a one has the spirit and the kingCursed are all those that shall lift up the saith anointed, against the Lord, mine say, something thehave acquaintto the peace, of of kingdom God, heel dom sinned they they cry have have and when spirit cultivated, of the otherance within. the one to be of bears Satan one By saith before Lord, sinned the me, but not

ignored. friend is theto be false witness broadcasts one the The and weakin that eyes, have mine meet which was done

and Savior of men; the other is the nesses of his neighbor. He becomes a and which I commanded them.

enemy of God and of mankind. talebearer, a character assassin. He (Concluded on page 278)

MAY 1947 277:.:

all the longtongued of the gossips the town. Saints Latterday well To are GEORGE F. RICHARDS pie, Father, for other sins granted the The abtaught they course and know the

(Concluded from page 277) should pursue in order to obtain happisolution asked him;

all for But, rest while the he gave, pardon those But cry transgression it ness the of blessings who salvation do and and told this her offense very grave He wasbecause they sin, are the servants of and life. it eternal need, most we What fit that to penance, do go, she And must theare children of disobedience themselves. is to being me, seems with impressed the thistles wayside the by where Out grow, 121:16, 17.) (D.6C. the necessity of as as well doing largest, the we ripest gather one; And

.. All sins other to are not be compared its Scatter seeds; this know. that and when was

to sinning. against the Ghost, and Holy provdone, in poet, inspired the of words The traitoring thy to brethren. a day, must back another She come poetic calculated form, are to the I will make give unto of the of one you keys tell him. His did she obey. To command

the attractive truth impressive, mysteries of is It the and eterso kingdom. upon an

nal principle, that has existed with God the subject of bearing false witness and The woman, thinking this a penance light, his will to that Hastened do night, all very eternity:from rises That man who to kindred

right evils, let me here use some of Feeling glad she escaped so well. had others, finding faultcondemn with the their expressions:

day, one, but the Next she Priest to wentChurch, they saying are of the out way, tell. iswhile he himself righteous, then know for as the Don't flaws look you go through

assuredly that that the highroad is on man still Priest sat life; The and heard her story

to apostasy; and, repent, he does will not through. find them, even you And when

apostatize, lives. as Godif Smith, (Joseph is is said, It still blind, Then "There something wise and kind to be somewhat

Compendium, pp. 270271.) And look for the virtues behind them. you to do. for

little thisde These seeds which you have * * *

It is us, possible for false bearing by sown, aside stand by, yourself and watch Just gowitness, to destroy faith the I bid regather, others. of every one."go you

"I,"yourself as of of instead Think "he"It child, a parent, be may wife, a a or said, find flaws, fault, Father, "But the Pick forget The woman 'twould you, be man is other friend.some dear later may in vain, We strive ring to estimate your And make

repent, but we cannot repent for them. true. To try to gather back those seeds again;We should be doubly careful not to—"Watch Yourself Go By,"The winds have scattered them both far

do any injury we cannot repair. When by Strickland Gillilan. and wide,

we bear false witness, we injure at least * * * Over meadow, vale, and mountainside."

four: ourselves, him about I said, Father this, whom from we hope "Now

is in the There so much good worst I lessonspeak, taught, have of us, TheThe will speak, miss. not you and the him to whom we us, in best the of bad much And so cannot gather You those back scatteredLord.

it hardly of us becomes Thut any seeds,

Which, far and wide, will grow to noxious To talk about the rest—Authorof us. uncertain. weeds;these,... yeinasmuchdo it untoas yeme.do(D.it unto& C. the42:38.)least of

Nor can the mischief once by scandal sown,

A RE we sure that upon the screen of A small boy returned from Sunday By any penance be again undone."

his School one morning and found life there picture of is no which we Those have yielded to who father temptareading the newspaper. He to bewould exhibited? ashamed have tion and sin committed of grave charcalled a his father, to "Daddy, Daddy, ability the doubt ofOr do we God acter have so is done may because the of steal to false worse, or to to which bearrecord will at reproduce and what man of the weakness flesh rather than witness?"raised father his glasses The voice, do, the the actions,can and even sinful through desire. are to be and, his They looking annewspaper, over intents thoughtsthe of hearts? and our pitied rather than to be censored see, "Let's swered, said, and the 'Thou Lord

George Eliot writes shalt not bear false witness.'He also condemned.

Finally steal.'said, shalt not 'Thou do What It is the it glory of Christianity that reit, it's think about you Sonny?""Why, itsquires followers to to good do men: of gently the Think erring one; false to witness."bear to worse "How in their failrejoice prosperity, their in not let forget, us not O I if that out?"do "Well, you make offerures: to to not and sympathy make darkly stained sin, However by

their terrible position steal in the sight to a of neighwere something one from my is our yet. brother He

others. I it, bor for afterward and sorry be

the of Heir inheritance, same I could take stolen back had and what Child of the selfsame God, live should labor so that and We thus right forgiveness ask and make hath but in the stumbled path He friends will credit notour anything bad I I if done, to bear have but what were in have trod. weakness We it us,that said that of so be may would I false against witness neighbor my

to gently erring the Speak ones;require preponderance a of evidence to ever might so be afterwards, sorry but

yet lead back, them may We us, their inconvict minds. I able the to wouldn't be wrong undo holy words, love, tones With of and

I done."application of which had An misery's track. thorny From apostles; some, he gave some, and And is this principle in enthe found poemprophets; evangelists; and some, some, and

titled, not, Forget brother, "Scandal."hast thou sinned, teachers;pastors and

sinful yet be; mayst And

saints, for the perfecting of the the For gently erring the Deal the with to heart, Father went, Holy woman A ministry, for the edifying the of ofwork dealt of intent; has thee. sin her Confession As God was

Christ: ofthe body small, great her misdemeanors, so Tuckett. A. and And with—Henry

all faith, in Till the the unity of come we all. faithfully rehearsed She them

of theand chief in of sin, her category knowledge of the Son of God... And Quoting from James: 4:1113.) (Eph. that she She owned had been a talebearer

Had carried a bit of scandal up and down, If any man among you seem to be reliSaid the Lord:

gious, and bridleth not his tongue,... this

... I say unto you, be one; and if ye are ELDRED G. SMITH man's religion is vain. (James 1:26.)

not one ye are not mine. (D. & C. 38:27.) (Concluded from page 275) We are benefited by a discourse of

We would be lonely if we had to Church is that you do not waste your this character only as we make use of live alone on the earth. If we appretime, and when you pray, pray! Reit in our course of life, being governed

ciate one another, we should show it member the Authorities of the Church by its precepts. Is there anything of

by living together in love and sympathy in that prayer, and include me with merit in this message, brethren and sisand by making the association pleasant. them, because I am going to need it. ters, worthy of serious thought and reThis is done by sacrifice and service May the Lord bless us all and help flection? If so, I shall be happy, and I

for one another. We should avoid us all in our righteous endeavors and pray the Lord will sanctify it to our

those things which disrupt and tear in all of our callings, is my prayer in mutual good and benefit, in the name asunder these finer feelings. As a peothe name of Jesus Christ. Amen. of Jesus Christ. Amen.

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAITH and tke PIONEERS

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Saturday morning session of the 117th annual general conference, April 5, 1947, in the Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve,

Tabernacle and Bishop John M. Russon of Hollywood Ward, California,

and his son, Kimmy Russon.

beloved brethren and sisters, it is with some fear and trembling with hatred and bitterness in their grateful to the Lord that he had preMythat I address you here this hearts and drove them out. They moved served their lives and brought them to

morning, and I seek the guidance of the to another part of the state of Missouri a place of peace where they could

Spirit of the Lord in what I shall say. and there again intended and tried to worship; and all this, if you please, beWe are living one hundred years establish themselves, but persecution cause they loved the truth.

from the time the Pioneers commenced still followed them, and the hatred of The Pioneers arrived, that is Presitheir journey and came into this valley. the officials in that state resulted in their dent Young with the company of the

It is only natural that the brethren banishment and an edict coming from Pioneers, arrived in this valley on the should call attention to the Pioneers the governor of that state that they 24th day of July in the year 1847. The

and the great work they performed. I would have to leave or be exterminated. next day was Sunday. In the gratefulhave visited most of the scenes of early They went back eastward, crossed the ness of their hearts they held meetings

Church history. I have gone over a great river, and made their settlement as it was their intention and their pracgood part of the trail which they folat Nauvoo, in the state of Illinois. For tice to do. In the morning session Elders

lowed when they came to these valleys. a season they prospered but not withGeorge A. Smith, Heber C. Kimball,

I have reflected a good deal upon these out persecution, not without hatred, and and Ezra T. Benson were the speakers,

scenes, the travels, the hardships, the finally that hatred reached its peak, and with their eyes filled with tears, travails, and suffering and persecutions and their prophet and his brother, my they rejoiced and thanked the Lord that of these early days, and as I have stood grandfather, were martyred. Their enehe had brought them safely through. In

in these hallowed spots and have travmies thought that would be the end of the afternoon, another service was held ersed some of the territory which they the Church. The papers so declared it. and others of the brethren spoke. Elder

passed over, my heart has been touched, Their enemies rejoiced, but it did not Wilford Woodruff, Elder Orson Pratt, but I have realized that it is beyond my bring the end. Still the Church grew. and Elder Willard Richards were the

power to understand and perhaps to So also grew the animosity and the speakers, and they also bore testimony feel all that these good faithful souls hatred of their enemies, and finally the to the truth and expressed their grateendured, and all for the sake of the Saints were driven from their homes, fulness that the Lord had brought them gospel of Jesus Christ. robbed of practically all that they posto this land, and they prayed in their

The Church had its beginning in New sessed and thus set upon their journey hearts that the people would remember

York. Persecution came upon the to this western land, destitute, in povtheir covenants and their obligations

Saints from the beginning, and they erty, and the world said they had gone and be true and faithful to the Lord and were driven out. The Lord gave them to their destruction, and rejoiced. serve him with full purpose of heart.

a commandment to assemble in Ohio. President Brigham Young was ill, but

They established their headquarters at T tell you, my brethren and sisters, he did make some remarks. He spoke

Kirtland in that state. No doubt they * we don't realize all that they went briefly, and I want to call attention to

had no intention of leaving, when they through: their hardships, their sufferone thing that he said as it was reported

first went there, but the Lord revealed ings, the persecutions, the murders, the by Elder Wilford Woodruff. Said he,

to them that there was another place, drivings that came upon them before in the brief remarks made by President the place which he called "Zion,"on they started on their westward journey; Young, "He told the brethren that they

the borders of the Lamanites, and so and they arrived in this valley rejoicing. must not work on Sunday, that they

their hearts were turned to that place; It was President George A. Smith who would lose five times as much as they

however, they never had intended to was responsible for the statement that would gain by it. None were to hunt

forsake altogether their headquarters they came here of their own free will on that day, and there would not any in Kirtland, but persecution came upon and choice—because they had to; and man dwell among us who would not

them, and they were forced out. With that is true. They crossed the plains, observe these rules. They might go and

rejoicing they assembled in large measmany of them pushing handcarts, condwell elsewhere if they pleased but ure in Jackson County where it had taining the meager possessions which should not dwell among us"; and they

been made known to them that the great they had. They traveled the weary meant it, and why shouldn't they? Why

city, the new Jerusalem or Zion would miles with sore and bleeding feet, should anyone come to this land as a be built, and they rejoiced over it, but through hardships and suffering which member of the Church, in that day or they were not privileged to remain we do not understand, and arrived in since, who doesn't have in his heart a there. Their enemies came upon them this valley of the Salt Lake, and were (Concluded on page 280)

MAY 1947 279

albeing sleep than to the human I am the Lord your God. needful

felt. so speedily one though not can live JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH ye(Ezekielmay know20:19,that20.) No

sleep, neither survive without can anyone 279) (Concluded page from

If us. is don't sign to also a This we is rest. result of sleep long without The of thedesire keeping commandments

still life holy, he to potential the of Sabbath prolongation day may more no in righteouskeep and walkingof the Lord rest, the although than Sabbath his we may not but be be our God, may weness?

latter the longer survive without withthan all of the earth for people the people, the former, out speaking physical from a his, people, peculiar are a are but we I I thinking, as have been have"VTow spiritual of point view. point of a From difthat that are and mean by we we

. the willful of the violation of the past, in view the of law times thought many different ferent the should be from and is rest to as the deadly moral Sabbath isthis ours, the legacy great which are of the rest because not world we is faith sleepless the to growth as and eye us, blessingsgreat to which have come

it. are in of the world. are is mortal the being. the great point But We Webuilt the of persecufoundation upon

it. it, of for his for not said has not but God owntion, hardships, death, and men women wellbeing. therefore should man's He

lives their that mightlaying down we If will not, to abide obey. he he does have will time saying not permit Tow, in safety; this in land peacedwell and spirituthe temporal consequences and both I but here a more, have much it? feel is about this himself. verily al todayand to a do Again, "For how we Do Smith, President F. statement Joseph by rest unto appointed to from your you day the holy? keep Sabbath daywe we Do

letter that to wrote taken a he from labors, to devotions unto thy and pay for in grateful soulspray? our Are we

his from daughters were away who the [D. 59:10.] High."C. Most & We forall these that us been done has by

in school, to they doing. to and wanted learn can Never home do we by truth thesturdy loved people and who doing. to not learn do One by who the because day, about Sabbath know that here they might worshipcame God is blind his shuts than closely eyes more the they people, not were, where were their dictates to the ofaccording conthings of are indeed. blind those The who it, living to so they and wanted know I feel?sciences? do spirit we When the How of discovered are God, by God to the day, had Sabbath obey why we this in state reportssee conditions of spirit world. the of the of not nor by man

I I just think to time about have and find shall those to and seek states Those who surrounding Latterwhoand where day Saints dwell, the amount of liquor read this. knock at the door shall it be opened, and

otherreceive shall ask not those and who is isthat that tobacco and consumed things All with should be done prudence spirit discerns the that hath by He other coffee in tea moderation.consumed, and and and and Sabbath: on wise. The "And spirit, for the spirit, of the the loves work his the seventh ended day which health,things work God destructive of conand joy. gives delight himgive they and Who rested seventh the he he made; and had ontrary the the of Lord, to commandments finds self to beauty works, works, good do

all his from he made. day had which work I violating the the people seewhen the in to he them, and sows reward and who the blessed seventh sancday, and God And all other will the committing whirlwind. reapSabbath now, and day Not wind

it; tified it in that rested because he had first for must that perhaps, sown which was sinskinds of contrary that to which.".. all his 2:2, [Genesis work. from 3.]

leaf, in forth then bear then spring root take I if taught,they been the have wonder it the sabbath holy. day, to keep "Remember its of after fruit. the fruit will kind be The is us. pleased withLord all shalt labour, thy Six thou days and do principle coming learn seed. a by own We call I'd is like the the to attention seventh to sabbath your But work: a day

it it studying contact and with in close and it in the of shalt not thy Lord thou God; in scripturesstatement the that when it hearts. admitting into and our minds

... 20:8-10.] do work. any [Exodus ledthe Israel into the land of Lord... It is or eternal. created truth not was

is It all. is the binding This command. uponPalestine, as then he lies It Canaan, known It is hidden precious gem. a made.

it for religious are reasons There sound and it it find us, apply must and told he andgave them them from commandments; we less physiological Inreasons sound. not

it ours. and if make those theywhat broke would happen it is as divine physiological as deed well a a

commandments, and among those comlaw. Those who keep it will reap the reward

mandments was that of keeping the of obedience to divine law, will enjoy the The Lord bless you I pray, in the

Sabbath day. Not only were they to benefits of the physical law. It is not less name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

keep the Sabbath day holy but their land was also to have a Sabbath at certain intervals, and the Lord told them, PATRIARCH SMITH through Moses, that if they did not keep the Sabbath day holy, if the land itself (Concluded from page 275) Gay, 9 ( twins ); and Gordon Raynor

did not have a chance to rest, the day where he made his home while working Smith, 5.

would come when the land would obas an engineer at the warcreated Man- (For an article pertaining to the hisserve its Sabbath because the people hattan project at Oak Ridge, Tennestory, duties, and purpose of the office would not be there. He would move see. He returned to his home in Salt of the Patriarch in this last dispensathem out of their place; and that hapLake City a few weeks ago. tion, see article by Elder Joseph Fieldpened. After the ten tribes of Israel Patriarch Smith married Jeanne Ness ing Smith of the Council of the Twelve

had been carried away, and Babylon on August 17, 1932, in the Salt Lake and Church Historian, beginning on had come and laid seige to Judah and Temple. They have four children: page 694 of the November 1942 issue

had carried those of that kingdom capMiriam, 11; Eldred Gary and Audrey of The Improvement Era.)

tive, Ezekiel the Prophet spoke to them and called their attention to all these thepromises to Lord had them made * * said that because they violatedand had these things, these destructions and drivings, had come upon them. Two

verses I want to read in his admonition.

The Lord speaking:

And I gave them my statutes, and shewed them my judgments; which if a man do, he

shall even live in them. Moreover also I

gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them.

(Ezekiel 20:11, 12.)

And then again:

I am the Lord your God; walk in my

statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them; And hallow my sabbaths; and they

shall be a sign between me and you, that 280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WLt ZhJtL PIONEERS &? t

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

unusual items. All these circumstances with the same determination, equal exmight well serve to focus attention upon pectancy and hope, and ofttimes comthe pioneer movement of 1847 as being parable sacrifice as when they underunusual and distinctive among comtook the long trek to the West. Thus

parable undertakings of frontier peothe pioneers came and went back as no ples of our country; but, in my opinion, other people have ever done, and their

these conditions, of themselves, do not descendants have kept up the process adequately account for the historical for a century of time.

placement of the Mormon colonization of the West in the number one position "\17hat was the compelling force among all pioneer movements and con- * * which drove them to such superquests in America, certainly from the human exertion and such widespread standpoint of resources available and sacrifices? Strange as it may seem, it

results achieved. was their literal acceptance of an ancient prophecy revivified by modern

'"po understand the pioneers and their revelation accomplishments, we must examine... It shall come to pass in the last days,

their motives. Herein we shall find the that the mountain of the Lord's house shall

the mountains, the in of top established be pioother and difference them between hills; the shall and exalted above be and country. of our frontiersmen and of of the L Richards, Council the neers Elder Stephen it. all shall flow nations unto many And

the of Twelve, sesmorning to one on his way as peace and for freedom came They let ye, shall say, and and people Come go sions. done. to make others have came They to the the Lord, of the mountain to us up go

homes for themselves as others have house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach

Address delivered at the Saturday done. They came to worship God and us of his ways, and we will walk in his

afternoon session of the 117th practise their religion to the satisfacpaths; for out of Zion shall go forth the

annual general conference, tion of their consciences, as others have law, and the word of the Lord from JeruApril 5, 1947, in the done; but here is one thing they came salem. (Isaiah 2:2, 3.)

Tabernacle for which, so far as I know, has no Every pioneer believed that prophcounterpart in any other pioneer moveecy with his whole heart. He saw the

think, my brethren and sisters and ment: They came with the avowed vision of its fulfilment in all his labors,

I tionfriends,is necessarythat no apologyduring thisfor conferrepeti- purposethat theyofwouldestablishingbe able ato societytake backso trials,with comfortand privations.for his Hefamily,wantedof course.a home

ence. The pioneer theme so dominates to the civilization from which they had He wanted a good society and prosperthe occasion and our thinking that we fled, yes, even to their persecutors, the ity, but all these were subordinate to

principles conduct of life and to fulfilment scarcelycan of be expected do other which the this prophecy—the

their of own inspirawere the source to Zion. proposethan of speak about establishment it. So I

happiness. success, and cohesion, high rejoice myself to in the generaladdress the subject, "What tion, We all missionary to say that not mean I do a bring?"the pioneersdid Brigham accorded Young as esteem

Pioneer movements for reclamation efforts have not been undertaken by master colonizer, statesman, and empire

Christlike pure groups, but for this in other acto fully entitled isof builder. were not uncommon new territory He

I place deed, in purpose and altruism not years his a hundred fellow men, but ago. Land manyAmerica claim from

was the most commonly accepted form the founders of this commonwealth on outside his own followers have underof wealth, and the availability of new the very summit of all Christian enstood the real secret of his success. It is

lands made their quest a dominant purdeavor. true that he was practical, farsighted,

suit of the people. Colonization had It was ingrained in their very beings and adept at organization, but those

built America, and the extension of her that their greatest blessings would come who know the inner forces behind his frontiers was a general enterprise. in blessing others. They knew they had accomplishments will tell you that his

There were, it is true, many unusual a message that was a boon to mankind; power was spiritual, rather than temcircumstances attending the pioneer they knew they were under obligation poral. The unity so essential to the cosettlement which we now commemoto propagate that message among the operative effort of the people was a

rate. The distance from established peoples of the world; and they never spiritual unity, arising out of a universal

communities covered by the migration for one moment lost sight of that obligaconviction of the sacred nature of the and the penetration into unexplored tion and their endeavor to fulfil it. In the cause they espoused and a common acand forbidding country were much processes of subduing a most stubborn ceptance of the responsibilities it engreater than those of average advances. country, with all its discouragements, tailed. In all of Brigham Young's work

The number of people moved and disappointments, and exactions of time, and ministry there was another in spircolonized was exceptionally large; the energy, patience, and courage, they it always at his side, always supporting

territory sought to be included in the never ceased to give liberally of their him and inspiring him, whose guidance project was vast; the expulsion of the hardearned substance and their limited and direction he ever acknowledged.

people from their homes and their cruel man power in carrying abroad the saThat was his predecessor, Joseph Smith, and intolerant treatment in a free cred principles which dominated their the earthly founder of the cause he democratic country would serve to lives. The early companies of imrepresented, the inspirer of the people

give character to this migration. The migrants in their long marches across through whom their destiny had been

continued persecution of the people the prairies met countermarches of misrevealed. Brigham never forgot and

after their settlement here and the adsionaries toiling back over the same never ignored Joseph; neither did the

verse attitude of their government were hard road they had so recently trod (Continued on page 282)

MAY 1947 281 character high the merit of cause they loved. Theirs and in men was STEPHEN L RICHARDS the

of unselfish of their than type clear concept devotion a which makes women {Continued from page 281) for the success of great causes in the divine origin and eternal destiny, people. They fought with all their world. Without that devotion no leadstrength to carry out the mission he ership, however competent, could have XText the family. What a world of

had put upon them. That mission was succeeded. IN jo and sorrow and traqedy and

both temporal and spiritual but prebhss that word Us for us! It fiUs the

dommantly spiritual. T come now to the greatest thing of all pages f COUntless books. It is the subthe pioneers which brought orations, of articles, debates, and with ject

I hat iLthen did,,, the'pioneers..bring?.., them, characterize and that as wisdom, controversies, legislation of and judicialW 1 hey brought industry in a measwisdom about the important things in decision, and right today I notice a

ure that has seldom been equaled. They life. The really vital and fundamental magazine writer who questions the netaught and practised the gospel of work aspects of our lives and living may be cessity of the institution and mildly

as the foundation for success and hapclassified under very few headings. I predicts its extinction in the nottoo-

piness. That gospel was perhaps more think about four would be sufficient distant future. What was the wisdom

widely accepted in their day than it is the body, character, the family, and the the pioneers brought about the family?

today, unfortunately. They demonsocial order. If everything were all Why, they invested it with the noblest

strated its efficacy, and their demonstraright with these four items, the world and most exalted attributes which have tion stands today as an example and inwould be in good order, and wisdom ever come to it in all the history of the centive to the world. about these things is and always has world. They taught that it is not only

They brought education and a love been the greatest need of mankind. The a basic unit for happy life and progress

for the artistic and beautiful. Not many pioneers brought with them this much here on this earth but that it constitutes

of them were scholarly. Their opporrequired wisdom. It was not of their a iso the very foundation of our hope

tunities for learning had been very own making. It was given to them befor supreme exaltation in the celestial

meager, but they had within them an fore they came here. In fact, it was kingdom of our God. Indeed, the heavinnate yearning for truth, which, after not of any man's making, for it was the en we seek is little more than the proall, is the real basis for education. It wisdom of the ages bequeathed to them jection of our homes into eternity. How

was an integral part of their concepby Divine Providence. at variance with these lofty concepts

tion of the purpose of life to develop First, consider the body of man. of home and family are the tragic evils

intelligence and acquire knowledge. InEveryone wants a sound body. Not all in domestic life today—divorce, broken

telligence was invested with the highare willing to take the steps to secure it. homes, neglected, wayward children

est possible attributes, proclaimed to The pioneers brought a new concept of more to be pitied than abused because be the very glory of God. It was but the body which invested it with sacred of the disintegration of family life. In

natural, therefore, that education and significance. They taught that the body my thinking this very disintegration

its cultural, refining influences should is the earthly tabernacle wherein the has been responsible in no small measreceive their ardent support. The eduspirit of man, the literal child of God, ure for the growth of the disorders and

cation which they fostered was not naris housed and that the body cannot be "isms"in government and society which row and restricted as some education is. defiled or polluted or otherwise abused have so plagued the world and which

It was directed toward the acquisition by taking into it poisons and deletedtoday constitute our greatest menace, of knowledge in all phases of life and ous substances without offering affront Oh, if the wisdom which these humble the universe; and it did one thing which, to God whose spirit dwells therein. In pioneers brought could only find appliunfortunately, modern education does this concept infractions of the laws of cation in the families of the world what

not always do—it did not subordinate health are attended not only with phys- a boon it would be to the comfort and

that quality of intelligence essential to ical penalties, but with spiritual the happiness and the progress of hucomprehend the things of the spirit to consequences as well. There is a double manity.

the order of intelligence necessary for duty to preserve the wholesomeness of Lastly, the social order by which I the acquisition of other facts. With this the body; and, for guidance in this duty, mean to include the art of men's living

lofty concept of intelligence came a they brought with them a code of health together comfortably and in peace. The

deepseated love of the beautiful which rules, which, although given more than wise contribution which the pioneers is the foundation for creative art, as one hundred years ago, have had the brought on this altogether "important well as for artistic appreciation. This sanction and the corroboration of sciaspect of life can be told in a single

love of beauty did not always find entific researches never even thought of word—brotherhood. They taught, in

tangible expression, but it prompted at the time of their origin. Here was the most realistic way, the concept of

many worthwhile and sometimes outwisdom about the body, and the conall nations, kindreds, tongues, and peostanding endeavors in architecture, tributions coming to the people from pics belonging to the family of God.

music, drama, and other cultural projthat wisdom are immeasurable. They taught fraternity but not without

ects. It was undoubtedly this deep love Second—characte*r or personality, if paternity. The whole doctrine of Chrisfor learning and truth which has been you wiij t t see but little difference. I tian relationship, altruism, and service

responsible in succeeding generations degne character as the sum total of all may be summed up in the designation, for the high position our state has atthe attributes incorporated into the "my brother,""my sister."They Detained in the field of literacy and educastructure of a man's life, and the comlieved a hundred years ago that the only

its tion in percentage the of popuand substantial tor lay universal is peace of hope lexion his character determined p scilation in recognition have won who of the extension of this doctrine the preponderance of or good bad in by entific I fields and of other learning. brotherhood throughout world. the qualities. which the wisdom came Now

believe that Utah has been among the aoout character was not new. It was Many others in times gone by and at

foremost, if not first, of all the states very jd but it had a new and very the present have proclaimed this docin the Union in these respects. special emphasis. It taught not only trine. I am grateful that it is so. I hope

They brought with them a high order that man is the child of God, of the their proclamation will help, but I conof loyalty and a great capacity for firm most noble lineage but that he is desfess to some skepticism when I see the devotion to the cause they espoused, tined also, if he lives for it, to be asreception this doctrine gets. Some

We can scarcely estimate what this sociated with his Heavenly Father in months ago I heard an address over the meant to the success of their enterprises, carrying forth his eternal works in all radio from an eminent divine, the ArchIn the main they were rugged individutime to come. Could there be a higher bishop of Canterbury, speaking from

als, free men, many of whose immediate incentive for worthy living and characPhiladelphia. Brotherhood and peace

ancestors had fought for liberty; yet ter, with no uncertainty as to the was his subject. I was pleased to hear

they were willing and eager to concriteria upon which all elections and him make the declaration that there was secrate themselves and all they had to choices should be made? I know of little chance for the establishment of

the cause which brought them here nothing more stimulating to the attain- {Concluded on page 284) 282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FAITH

N ISRAEL

umbol or the [-Loyieerd

ft7ffa&C>'& OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

uge in some other kind of definition.

This man dug down to the bottom of the thing. Truth is the foundation of

the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. He

added

Elder John A. Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve, and It is more rational for an intelligent being

Sister Widtsoe stop to visit with some of their many friends. to embrace truth than it is to mix up a little

truth with a great deal of error or to embrace all error and undertake to follow a

Address delivered at the Saturday sesses. Schools do not create the powphantom.

pioneer people ers of the men. had 117th session These morning of truth that must understood But, he great to as natural so general conference, make endowments annual beto teacher human source, a have a it difficult so in understand, to the April many 5, 1947, how ever all in has the world ings. man No capable could gathered be people such Tabernacle

greater, finer more a and a expressed this in interthe of together making fervent belief in God than did Brigham mountain empire.

brethren and sisters, this vast Young.

congregation, crowding and of in the is concentrated Son faith try to something to chosen say Our [ have of capacity the overcrowding A and Father, the inMy him through and God the qualities and about endowments to a bethe Tabernacle, to seems me truths bring minister is to a the Ghost Holy forein the these of of the words men of thesufficient to the query answer truths reveal to new remembrance, to our leader, their them, appointed of most Israel. is in faithancient prophet. of There course the direct guide, teach, to and us

Almost every speaker during this Brigham Young. He was not greater every mind.... Jesus is our captain and

conference has mentioned the pioneers, than the others. He was of the same leader, Jesus, Savior of the World, the

the heroic men and women who, a hunblood, spiritually and physically, and, Christ that we believe in.

left nearly fortunately, behind he him the of to coming yearsdred ago up and that truth the faith that of came Out in discourses taken four hundred down plains the trailed railroad,the across I could If time, dear. had held so he we I as published. shorthand up grew and possible, but not onlyand Utah made about statements eloquent read some in looking Zion, other young upon men the arid of wastes semiaridalso the and Christ, never his in faith Jesus and God great leader, great as a Brigham Young for of the States, mankind. useUnited of mankind. writings the in surpassed I after colonizer, to but only undertook It is story, told here beautifully great a

his character of the discourses did readthis morning. all piothe of symbol a '"Phis was man really boldly out before stand the man peopioneers uncommon These were "I Brigham of speak for neers, when character. great me. a Those was He run.ple. the of not were common They It pioneer. I of every speak Young, in their respective labored with him It to who muscle, brawn, than took more of strong men men, takes took and great. fields equally were the desert, teach to the andredeem the of gospel the accept capacity, to stranger to and one him day came A arid the wastes greatwhole world how this of respect, that In we Jesus. Lord said: reclaimed.of the might be The world are gospel the accepted age have who heralded these of has beenwork men will define President MorYoung, you also uncommon.

all far the has wide, world and and the in for preach I heard me? you monism peothe warned Brigham Young But

I their labors. quiteprofited unthe did day. other not Tabernacle were by They ple:

I all said, that wish understand and you people.common

be kind enough to analyze what would you whence [President the truth. know have I knew David McKay we We Now

it. simplify said and you brings that himself, it and from comes, God father]. It was aDavid O. McKay's

evrest responsibility to upon tremendous privilege. notgreat a common was He this of a pioneers, leader of the Then is existence mortal us. of ery one... Our fine qualities notable,man. There were all the aside great brushed endowments, not does experience. Lord of school The a qualities, as in such were him, inborn definopinions, of the old old methods gospel, the to embrace person compel any

pioof characteristic the great of body all to religion, will in things, the them ing realm of think compel he not and I do neers which made possible that which the secondary or derivative doctrines, live it after they have embraced it. The

they accomplished. They were not and answered: volition of the creature is free. This is a

men and women of great education law of their existence, and the Lord cannot though they had as much education as Our religion is simply the truth. It is all violate his own law. Were he to do that

exalted. placed It in this has said expression: embraces cease one to be would He he the ordinarily people possessedwas by

it is life his children, all of in before truth all the and death found wherever works and in of in that and day, America both life, If they invisible choose. choose visible to mortal they or to for man, and them God proportion a Europe. good There was life. If of choose blessing they receive eyes. a

of schooltrained men among them, but death, they must abide the penalty. This is

remember that a school can only polish An ordinary man of lesser mental and the law which has always existed from all and develop that which a man posspiritual stature would have found ref- {Concluded on page 284)

MAY 1947 283

I in shall Celestial fit fore the exalted me. be is definition simple This of wealth, A. JOHN WIDTSOE

filled to overflowing be with and Kingdom all for colleges the nations and to pon- {Concluded from page 283) all I the wield, all the keys power can and der. the ability are labor to and Time

I willeternity and knowledge will be comcan manage and to exist continue throughthe capital of the stock world. whole

all mitted me. unto the eternitiesout to intellicome- Every political of spoke government: Hegent being the must have of choice. power

Then he quoted what President Constitution the laws United of and The Simple first words! just quoted, the But part being a tremenHunter what

resemble a closely theocracy more if it burden,dous be, burden they place States than earth. government any on now We us, the necessity liveupon to to that in understand not anyone wish accord- I do will cling to the Constitution of counour

anything to being our do with I had moved withance the eternal of law God. try the to that reveres that and government

here. That was the providence of the Alfree charter rights sacred of men's all said and Having of this (I have picked if mighty. the for necessary out best blood our pourjust things a few of the out record ), he

prinof righteous defense every and good theemphasized fact that truth the loyal. is nothing are ciple. Great There menwhich from comes and God, possessed

life finer in of the than Brigham Young us, mustby be used us properly. by his to loyalty Smith. spoke Joseph He principle the which down He laid hesitationThere in that. no was Truth said of and him of the foundation govbe everyis not an ornament to be the should hung on

: ernmentwall placed or shelf at. the on to look

I of revere Prophet and honor God! AIt daily for must of be use said he I of to delight the Smith. hear Joseph name

lies the at Individual selfgovernment... it. I I it his doctrine. love love

all effective true of root government and a present, need religion. everyday We

is the of nature Joseph's beauty and What earth. in or religion whether heaven on must be with from oneMy me Mon-

I first preach, mission? heard him When to morning theday the next, year around

together, earth he brought had heaven and it willor I not answer me. in decidedly am the of spoke and even women He tell all priests the the could of not and day offavor practical religion, a of everyday in their action duties the of world hell, heaven, anything correct about me life, if Iuseful and attend to today what suffrage:.. devils, woman angels, there the and God, wasdevolves to do, upon then that me do which

... I blindness, darkness. saw Jo-.When itselfpresents tomorrow, and on, so when

of Smith, heaven, he he seph which took also, I sisters, to vote want you Now, Ieternity will comes be to enter prepared it speaking, to and brought was down rule that characters the are because women I the things eternity, ofon but not would earth. earth the brought and he took Then ballot the box. for prepared thatbe sphere of action unless

it in plainness simopened and and up upI could that things manage are now is plicity that the things the of God, andwithin all reach. I I to must learn rule do my did it today. they wish am theWe mission. his of beauty isthis. life There no precious more than the lived to certain not have they up

lifethe present is enjoy. which There we leader. the pioneer of commendation last, athis the the deathbed, on At is life that worth to thanno us more any

this life is. It may be said that an eternal tending physician as he leaned over the

life is in more. worth eternity, are We

all that to have to take the road do is we and f'reattakesmenpowerare humble.and honorNo untogreat himman bedside"Joseph,heardJoseph!"him whisper:that lives. into the leads eternal

self, and so Brigham Young said: Of such timber were our pioneers

timber should are or such hewn. Of we in his application of truth to And

I to professed Brother never be have bless us, help be. with us be and Goduseful ends, said things. he For many to trying Brother only Brigham, but Joseph, I like pioneers the honor, to us be we concerningexample, education: I better to nor this people. no good do am in of for world, the deserts the pray,

other than important any more man any fields, are formidable today as is to If is sought. not other be Knowledge trying I do I am, It was to do good. origwho

the deserts of were yesterday, the Westinally it. the Saints, embraced If Latterday the by Lord upon what I improve know

if only slightly understood, and they were has given me and continue to improve, I in the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

counseled to search diligently after knowlshall become like those who have gone beAmen.

edge. There is no other people in existence

more eager to see, to hear, to learn and understand truth.... Every accomplishment, every polished grace, every useful STEPHEN L RICHARDS

attainment in mathematics, music, and all the sciences and arts belong to the Saints, (Concluded from page 282) speak and many more were but prinavail should they themselvesand as exciples the the of of gospel Jesus Lord the of recognitionpeditiously possible of as of without the wealth brotherhood through restored Christ been which had that offered science I to every hasknowledge account of an read Fatherhood God. short the Smith a but Prophet Josephdiligent scholar. persevering and the press his in public the of speech to prior event the time which comwe

it given, after a few next and was day It this of year. because memorate was is in conception no There narrow I of later account another read weeks this faith transin implicit pioneers'the is built statement, fencesuch a no it in In neither account magazine. was a

life truth that of cendent message and limitation placed knowledge,around no this of there whatever mention any in established the Lord's they house it. is truth ours. Allupon I the as declaration regarded which

It of the "the a mountains."top was his in vital thing important and most thing to set a great up commonwealth field into the enteredTLJe of economics for the speech. needs comworld What cities, into desert transform a and

difficulties its estabthe position of and as and great became a known villages the with towns, homes, and leader. is lasting in merely noteconomic peace said lishment of a might what He facilities schools, enjoy. and we now in spiritual written letters forbe socalled brotherhood huge which a the wise

It vastly greater accomplishment a was fine also the earth phrase, of but a to sounding read: amen makes establish to of the and kingdom God this in of sons the of brotherhood God that forth salutary send from Zion mesall labor, is Capital the capital and there in.translated mutual, of earth terms

faith of divine, etersage hope and and is this earth, the ofupon and sinew bone the practical helpfulness. That was

all it to nal mankind. This wisdomworking was for and not men women. Were social order the and about wisdomthat, the gold the silver precious and heritage real and the pioneers noble our

the pioneers brought and peace which instones remain the would mountains, upon left to with us brought and and them the plains, and in the valleys and never demonstrated when they came to this our friends who have come to join us in use. into or gathered bewould brought land. The call this land the lovely which Zion wetimber continue to of grow, would but none

It is gift the of Lord. our precious most service, into brought be theit would and

it, life. live in to prize help us to All of my fellow members of the God it is. It isearth as activity remain would the

and labor of the inhabitants of the earth Church will readily understand that it and to spread it, I humbly pray, in the that bringeth forth wealth. these wise contributions of which I name of Jesus. Amen.

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

j&i JOSEPH SMITH See GOD?

Address delivered at the Sunday had for good and evil among all namorning session of the 117th &t tions, kindreds, and tongues, or that it annual general conference, should be both good and evil spoken

April 6, 1947, in the of among all people."(Joseph Smith

Tabernacle 2:33.) This was a very daring and

reckless statement for Joseph to make, to spoken it wasBrethren for and sisters, listeners here S OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE unlesshim by ina divinevery truthmessenger; Joseph and elsewhere:

Mormonism, as the world was then only seventeen years of age, a generally calls the religious faith taught very poor and unschooled lad, living in fay the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- a frontier village. Humanly speaking,

day Saints, is noted for many characterthere were no discernible prospects that istic teachings, one of which is that Johe would ever be known beyond the seph Smith was divinely called, beginlimits of his own backwoods area, ning with a most wonderful and glorious vision. Relative to this matter a basic *M[ow, what evidence can we present

and fundamental question that every - of the truthfulness of Joseph member of the Church may rightfully Smith's claims, one might ask. Such a

ask, as well as every honest investiquestion is both natural and reasonable.

gator, is, "Did Joseph Smith really see My time in this meeting will permit of

God?"indicating only a few of the highlights

As I view it, this is perhaps the most relative to the man, his teachings, and natural and logical question that can be his works. In his great Sermon on the

asked concerning the origin of MorMount, Jesus emphasized the principle monism. It is one that might well that a tree is judged by its fruits. Can

challenge the attention of every person there be a more fair, just, and satisfacwho believes in God and in life beyond tory basis of judgment than this? All

the grave, whether he is a Mormon followers of the Prophet will ask for no or nonMormon. other.

to the Then as man: of born He was All Latterday Saints informed know

ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL worthy parents lived in humble whothe first vision of the story as related

by Joseph Smith. He was a member of circumstances in one of the rural areas

a sincerely religious family but belonged of Vermont. When Joseph was ten

to no church. Though he was only fourselves this question, occasionally at years old, the family moved to the

teen years old at the time, this fact of least. The correct answer can be stimufrontiers of western New York where

nonchurch membership worried him. lating and satisfying to us. it continued by dint of frugality and

As a means of helping him to solve his hard work to earn a very modest liveliproblem, he read the Bible with deep HpHE implications of the. affirmative hood. Joseph grew to manhood denied

interest, for he wanted to know which answer are tremendously signifimost of the opportunities for even a of the contending churches was the cant. Through misunderstanding and common school education, his school

right one to join. He therefore resolved wrong interpretations the world had training therefore being very limited.

to heed the injunction of James (James lost the correct conception of the image Judged by modern standards, he was 1:5, 6) and so went into the woods and and personality of God. To restore the practically uneducated and untrained

prayed that God would give him wistruth, a new revelation was imperative. for leadership in any sphere of inteldom that he might know what to do. In Though from the beginning to its end, lectual endeavor. Thus handicapped in

answer to the boy's simple prayer, he the Bible, as we understand it, teaches the eyes of the world, is it any wonder related that he was enveloped in a pilthat God is a personal being in whose that he was rejected by people generallar of brilliant light which descended image we are made, and that the Father ly and his stories regarded as the profrom above. Looking up he beheld two and the Son are two separate and disduct of a wild and foolish imagination?

personages standing above him whose tinct personalities, alike in image and But notwithstanding all the severely brightness and glory defied all descripattributes, yet the modern world, handicapping conditions from an ecotion. One of them, calling him by name through ignorance and lack of undernomic and educational point of view,

and pointing to the other said, "This is standing, denies these fundamental what did Joseph Smith become? Let

My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"and then truths. And so important are these me make a few quotes. First from John

Joseph heard the voice of Jesus Christ, truths to a satisfying faith that, I think, Henry Evans'book entitled, Joseph the Son, and received instructions from they are absolutely basic. Without any Smith, An American Prophet, we read:

him. concrete conception of the image of

is a in Here can the necesdevelop the stark born one God, man who was how his story, to according Thus, Joseph hills of in Vermont; reared the was who faith the that sary kind of the Apostle lad, the fourteenyear-oldSmith, saw of backwoods York; never looked who New is to asserts get needed answer an James theirthe the Father heard and and Son inside college a high or school; lived who his to the prayer. Yes, Father and God indicate, farvoices. as the records So in States, six of one no which would own Christ, beings Son, are personal Jesusthis glorious vision the ever most was lifetime; his during him spent months, who

is himself image so whose made, man vile the in prisons before mortal of togiven period; the man. had in Never who, even

oth Father and Son appeared simultadeclared Joseph Smith. Hence in this when he had his freedom, was hounded'

neously to any mortal man. I have sense we do believe in an anthropolike a fugitive; who was covered once with

a of tar coat left feathers, for and dead; and satisfacgreat take and morphic God tocalled attention story your Joseph's

his with following, who, driven was by belief. this in tion its to of importancebecause extreme irate neighbors from to Ohio, York New to addition seeing In the Father andour which Mormonism, we to* faith—to from Missouri, Ohio and from Missouri

testify is the restored gospel of Jesus the Son, Joseph also claimed he was to Illinois; and who, at the unripe age of

Christ. So I ask again, did Joseph visited, in his eighteenth year, by the thirtyeight, was shot to death by a mob

Smith really and in fact see God? I beAngel Moroni who among other things with painted faces.

lieve all of us can profit by asking ourtold him that his "... name should be ( Continued on page 286

MAY 1947 285

JOSEPH F. MERRILL teacher,have beenfacedcalledadversityto meet,suchenjoyedas fewa briefmen childrendividual, ofconsciousthe Fatherexistenceand hadwithan himinof prosperity season such as have few men spirit 285)"elder brothour and Jesus Christ, (Continued page from

attained, ever fortythree and finally, days in mortality. er, before born we were this of the biggest Yet mayor man became I after to cheerfully him, went saw

in the Illinois a Unquestionably, us created the state's in promiand mosttown God martyr's death.

nent citizen, the commander of the largest Born in the lowest ranks of poverty, flesh, and biologists teach that the hutrained in soldiers of the nationbody the family parsame came from man outwithout booklearning, with and the homethe theside Federal of cities army, founder ents. liest of all universal the that It follows himhe human names, had made

university, of aspired aand to and become self at the of thirtynine age upon a power in of the spirit brotherhood man, both

States. of thePresident United earth. the multitudinous of family Of is truth. in the flesh, divine a and [the a of wrote book Book Mormon] He. hearts Smith had. none and human won closely related to teaching Another literary baffled critics the forwhich a has this lives as shaped inJoseph. human. His personality is the fatherhood of is God yearshundred which and today more fluence, for is the evil, or for whether good

widely read than any other volume save potent today, and the end is not yet.... and actuality of Satan, the devil. He

the Bible. On the threshold of an organis a real person with a spirit body in the

izing established the he nearly age most earth, of man. is here on He concludes his chapter image Quincy lR.

social inperfect the mechanism modern of other multitude accompanied a by, with these wordsworld, developed a religious philosophy and spirit persons cooperate with him whothat challenges of in anything the kind history, for completeness and cohesion. I have endeavored to give the details of in his evil work. This fact should, be

And he set up the machinery for an ecomy visit to the Mormon prophet with kept in mind by all who sincerely denomic system that would take the brood of absolute accuracy. If the reader does not sire to live righteously and resist tempjust to of Smith, what know Joseph makefears of the heart of to out fear of tations All such wrong. temptado man—the

I difficulty. help out the I cannot of him sickness, old throughwant age, unemployright tions devil the to stem back and

helpless the myself before stand puzzle.ment, poverty. and spirits, spirit evil his host of brothers

thirty In nations are and men women who of ours of rebellion because were who I recite quotation one morelook him greater as Now leader than upon a cast out are of heaven. permitted They in the unfriendly writer an greater Isaiah; from a and prophet thanMoses New the Father as of here a to be by meanshis disciples close to number a million; now 4, 1843: of September Times York

and already two granite shafts pierce the testing us to find if in the exercise of sky, one over the place where he was born, This Joe Smith must be set down as an our free agency we can prove ourselves and the other over the place where he reextraordinary character, a prophethero, as worthy to return to his presence.

is call the Carlyle of him. might one his He forceived the inspiration Book. this relative to suggests a word Ana

this great of age, in history future men and free the Father freedom agency—the will in or those rank with who, one way to interested Further, be you may given to in has child mortalevery born their another, impress strongstamped have writer nationallyknown ahear what ity as to pleases long he so do as does he ly society. on

publicist of Boston. once andand mayor infringe this not or is It deny freedom upon in thing, the small the of blaze no

Josiah Quincy, wrote about Joseph nineteenth century, to give to men a new to others. Multitudes of people in the

Smith. In May 1844, Mr. Quincy and revelation, found a new religion, establish world today deny the existence of a

his cultured friend, Charles Francis new forms of worship, to build a city with loving and merciful Heavenly Father institutions, laws, of archiorders respectively, new and grandson, son andAdams, its permits he with because assowar civil ecclesiastical, tecture, to establish and Presidents, hapStates Unitedof two ciated terrors perSuch and horrors. jurisdiction, military colleges, send found visit to a twoday to Naupened make not sons the divine understand docdo missionaries, proselytes out and on make prominent wellknown, menvoo. Being trine free else agency, of they would all this hemispheres. has done Yet two been

at entertained the Mansionthey were the responsible never hold for the sort that against Lord Smith, every and Joe by

House, Joseph Smith's residence. An of opposition, ridicule, and persecution. wickedness, crimes, and horrors in

is visit this given Mr. of byaccount his children engage. which Lord The

fifteen In years, the short of space his last in of the chapter bookQuincy, is all merciful, loving, his to and good in learnSmith, the unschooled Joseph published Past,entitled Figures the of children will refrain from doing who ing of the the did world, methods and I following from thein 1880. quote evil life follow the and of he has way

it all things. important these was Howthis chapter: twentyfour page given them. said to Moses: He rational the possible? not only Does

that lie is It in some improbable the means claim explanation by no that he was... this is work and my my glory—to use of generations the forfuture textbook that the statement Godtaught and is bring to the pass immortality eternal and

will somecontain a question unborn,yet life asserts, of literally true which man. 1:39.) (Moses

thing like this: What historical American

the exerted has century nineteenthof the I raised that up,... you the will fail in not Lord his purAnd destinies the influence upon powerfulmost the forth through wisdom my his of those with I weakmight thingsshow pose will children who it is means hisof no countrymen? by the earth. And of 124:1.)? (D. C. &

to, render obedience cooperate and interthat to the that answerimpossible rogatory may be thus written: Joseph Yes, Joseph Smith was able to conwith, him.

Smith, the Mormon Prophet. And the reply, found the wise, to astonish the learned, This leads to a word relative to the

absurd as it doubtless seems to most men and to outmarvel the great. beautiful doctrine of salvation for the

obvious living, commonbe an maynow taught dead, by the Prophet Joseph deals History descendants. to theirplace in T have briefly indicated who Joseph Smith. This doctrine, as I understand as quite as startlingsurprises paradoxes and

this. The man who established a religion Smith was and some of the things it, absolutely reveals the Father as a

in this age of free debate, who was and is he accomplished. Now another imporGod of love, mercy, forgiveness, justice,

today accepted by hundreds of thousands tant question is what characteristic and all other attributes we ascribe to a

High, the from emissary Most directas not taught things did a he perfect Father. his chilhas given He teach—things

is disposed to'be not being raresuch human a churches. other these of number their free by dren agency. prehas A He unsavory with his peltingof memory by in thirteen widely the are mentioned for pared plan eternal them of pro- a

charlatan, he impostor, Fanatic,epithets. of Church, Articles Faith of the used gression. will of one anthem Not be furhard these names but been; havemay himself. the written Prophet by life, and will eternal have be presents he nihilated—all problem the to solutionnish no

to us. Fanatics and impostors are living Many of his teachings are not accepted they saints or sinners. Every one comand dying every day, and their memory is by the world, but time will permit me ing into mortality will in this life or in

buried with them; but the wonderful into speak of only a few of them. I have the life beyond the grave have the opfluence which this founder of a religion already indicated one such teaching portunity of hearing and accepting the

into still throws exerts himexerted and basic important and a very of Christ. gospel Jesus Those who one—the a to be us, rogue as notrelief before the personality of Faimage and all God with conditions, the comply which exto be phenomenon as butcriminated, a his Christ of ther Jesus and Son will who they privilege the of doing, have vital questions Ameriplained. most The the of from mankind bondage redeemed will eventually in the Father's be saved to have other today each asking arecans

fall of death,. the about brought by left kingdom. us. has this he what and with mando

... Joseph Smith claiming to be an inspired Adam. He also taught that we are spirit (Concluded on page 325

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOLE IN THE ROCK $ Anna [-rince r\edd

SYNOPSIS

Tn 1879 a call came to the settlers of Cedar * City to open a new Indian mission in southern Utah. Sage Trehacne Jones, whose

life was closely knit with that of her son,

Kumen, knew that she could not go with him. Mary, Kumen s wife, was reluctant to

leave the civilized ways of Cedar City for the new frontier but knew that she would go.

Silas Smith, Kumen Jones, and George

Brigham Hobbs were called as president,

Indian interpreter, and chief scout for the expedition by President John Taylor.

Young men and families were called from

Parowan and Paragoonah as well as from—Photograph by Josef MuenchCedar City.

The way had been charted when suddenIn all the miles that they could see MONUMENT VALLEY ly the advent of Bishop Andrew Schow and there wasn't a single tree, and the

Collett Escalante a of made newJames clouds. mountains but were smoke hole the to fill. then be allowed That advisable, route even though seem some of

this? in like a country What of man process, a twentyfour be hour would this dissatisfied decithe with were group

sion. Mountains were the fathers of streams and when full, it would not water half

that fed life and of timbers that gave the stock.

Chapter V therefuel. wasYet herenot awasstemnoof streambrush evenin sight;for workLosingon theno timeseep,inGeorgegetting turnedhis menandto

burst of slanting sun spikes turned small fires. And the slow arduous way, rode alone, back to meet the wagons.

the Escalante Desert into a mauve the time it took to go so few miles! The

building roads of ahead of strange rose carpet and and task of children, mischievous had HHired waildifficult with every mile grown more design,intricateA of pear with mounds babies, ing the wagons, and jolting cacti forming the motif. Waxen, and of the forty they had crossed since women, as soon as they reached Forty

a glistening bluegreen, they blended leaving Escalante. Deep gullies trailed Mile Spring, began to set up their

into the red and white of the sand, the each other, crisscrossing in the way camps. With newly acquired skill, they

tufts of yellow bunch grass, and the ahead, digging deeper and deeper as constructed leanto shelters of canvas bristling, intermittent clumps of black the slope of the land toward Escalante against their wagons, so they could go shadscale. The whole was threaded Creek became more pronounced. about the business of living.

with slender stems of pale green rabbit Washes took on the proportions of At first they could see no reason for brush. A glowing carpet in a boundcanyons that had to be dugwayed into the miserly allotments of water, when

less room whose walls, the Navajo and and out of. And between the washes, there was a big hole full of it. But they

the Fifty Mile mountains, were lost in every hopeful stretch of level.land had soon saw that the water went down

the far Indian summer distance! proved to be sand flats into which the much faster than it came in, and they

Traveling east, following the wheel wheels had sunk, almost stopping began to murmur.

tracks that Bishop Schow and James travel. "Forty Mile Spring!"Kisten Nielsen

Collett had made, the company, subIt had taken three days to go forty exploded. "Yens, to hear that tadpole

dued by the unfamiliar, and saddened miles. And, admittedly, this was the of a Collett talk, ve suppose the vater

by the certainty that in Escalante were easy end of the journey! It was enough here is for a company twice the size so

their last friends, followed the trail. to set the surest mind to questioning. big as ve. He'll get no more corn bread

They knew and had accepted the finalThe giant ledge that rimmed the Coloand molasses from my cupboard. Vy,

ity of the parting. Ahead, was an unrado was only twenty miles away, yet I gave him a piece of soda cake at

mapped, inhospitable wilderness of sand in terms of time it was fifty times that noon! Ya. Softie, I am! Aunt Elsie

and stone, as mysterious and silent as far. It would be days, even weeks, would have known bedder."

the ages of its prehistoric past. The before they could reach the river! "Ya, Kisten, but Aunt Elsie is home

metallic glory of the sunrise heightened Before reaching Forty Mile Spring, at Cedar City. A younger wife is more

the unmeasured distances, carrying the the first landmark of their route, George fitted to the hardships of the pioneer eye farther than it seemed the eye could Hobbs ordered the stock to be held at journey than Aunt Elsie, so it is you go. Too level, too quiet, -too vast! The a shallow, grassbordered creek where who come to San Juan with me!"

scene dwarfed the small significance of they could subsist for a few days, until Kisten Nielsen, darkhaired and their lonely line of teams and wagons the extent of the water at the spring vivacious, gave her husband a pat on and stock. Lost in a beautiful, sinister could be determined. Taking three men his broad shoulder, and laughed goodcountry, two hundred and eighty peowith him, he rode ahead to the spring. humoredly. "You varned me, Yens.

ple traveling by faith toward an unTo his amazement he found no spring This trip, you say, is no excursion. And

known destination! at all, but only a sand seep that would that is true. I am glad you are counselMen scanned the distances uneasily. have to be dug down several feet and {Continued on page 288)

MAY 1947 287 s

HOLE IN THE ROCK

(Continued from page 287) "We'll get along until Brother Lyman Arabella watched them intently.

or to this camp. If anyone can keep gets here."How young they looked! She and

the Lord on our side, it vill be you, Bishop Nielson laughed a rare deep Stanford seemed old by comparison.

Yens. And you have my three sons, laugh. Then he sobered. He looked Yet there was only two or three yearsJoe, and Yens, and Francis to help down at his feet and said quietly, "Aldifference in their ages—twentysix and

you!"vays I vork for the priesthood, for the twentyfive, against twentyfour and

"Eightyear-old Francis is vun big Lord."Deep in thought, with his hands twentyone. Having a family made

help,"Jens said, twinkling his eyes behind his back, he went on his way people seem older.

blandly. about the camp. She arose and stirred her small fire

Kisten laughed, a beautiful strong to a blaze. There was no use in going

lie agreed. to she enjoyment. tolaugh of bed "Ya!"and She'd worry. awake the with ever camp ""PVon't you

finish knitting vater, get the her Yens? you the do and stocking "But Vhat as Silas asked George?""-"others, that?"for for started herabout George. She baby

fire. small to Hobbs* up came he situation, the but water stopped Silas she Unperturbed by when saw wagon cooking,"to trust women's don't "I his underchin of lock for approaching. twisted Smith a reasonJens no And a grin. a "Have with answered George all, at Kisten. at over. her heartbeard, "The nodded and moved Maybe

Silas?"spud, tell Silas is he scarce, to agreed. "But ya,"that her vater coming Stanwas of the bed out potato rolled Silas a of ford Ve'll for enough. enough been had have chosen something haveve

it baked. He had ashes where of warm peoples to scout, get to San our perhaps!everything A to important! clung that ashes the brushed away step took forward, uan.Jtt a eagerly She into bit skin, and crunchy browned, the height feet his six of the captain. bulky welcoming bent company's He said, he "George,"it thoughtfully. shelter, evening, leanto'Captain clear went the to and Smith,"she "Good water the about complaints "there are his are beamed. Hobbling inspect the camp. you?"to out "How

management."inwell, "Fine, to Smith. along, Mrs. he from went camp Veryway sandagainst a leaned back George Silas friends absently, deed."strangers greeting answered and! andcamp, like a set up that he had slab stone in. path. his in passed child on alike, without look smiling another every on only "I his camp. to mark tombstone full direction. Arabella's that followed him glances wereThe

is good,''as hole water next the hope the SilasArabella's often heart pride, back, andof and dropped warmth next."the next, and the said, "and he to her to not his had camp, minced but caught children come hands and Kufrom shaving thin long a whittled He men's. Clearly she heard say: him. "Join. him beside along of toe at it the curl in laid stick, a a daylight, at for to scoutSilas he Smith's a Hobbs came Kumen, wagon At Silas for waited shoe, and his heavy trip. It's ing evening, that stop. important Brudabrupt an "Good know we

in mood Silas no continue. was But to lies for nis ourselves lifted said, gray ahead."Smith,"he what and der

the off toward talk. looked for He for emphasis. fringe of whiskers "You "I'll ready, be Smith,"Captain Kubetween came a frown and Colorado, ruffled.look Ya!"his in mild answered men unassumand eyes. his wideset his Silas, looking from "Ruffled?"up ing daylight.""At way. trip a this to be expect didn't "We notes, smiled figures a of andbook pride, eyes flaunted Mary's there and asked. picnic, George did we?"greeting.

lift swift, a independent to her was the Silas munched exactly.""Not the Kisten red as hen Schoost "Ya. shoulders that Arabella, watching,, to ready skin. his last "Get potato of gets in from brings egg and a box an not miss. could will he you?"George, ahead, scout to hates hen! be day! She every Dot

to go. it!"turned "I can't said, stand cried, and Arabella scratchin'let to her get up. But cooped me, Silas? with last the out kicking send into, smouldering you coals "Who'll full vith she's in good the dirt, and Stanthat's choice, "It's and heap. fair!"only one not gritted a dark I have She spiritsl"

"By that, Brother Nielsen, you mean ford Smith."her teeth. Not having any children,.

that instead of fuming over what I can't "Stanford's needed here,"Silas anKumen could always be counted upon.

help, I need to get out and scratch? swered. "I can't spare him from the (Continued on page 313)'

Well, that's good advice. And I've road crew. I suggest Kumen Jones,

already been doing some scratching. George Lewis, and William Hutch-

I've sent a road crew ahead. This is ings."

an inadequate place for a camp, and Silas walked away, calling, "Good we must get on to a better one."night!"

"Ya. Bedder ve send some scouts to George wrote a name in the sand

look the country over. Brudder Schow with his stick. After a while he glanced

is a good man, ya. But he does not across the flat to where he knew the

know this country so veil. Schoost out Perkins brothers, Hyrum and Benjato the rivei, that is all!"min, were camped. "Nice language,

"I'll talk with George Hobbs,"Silas Welsh,"he mused. "Especially the

promised. "That's his camp off there way Ben's young sisterin-law speaks

alone, north of the spring. Good eveit!"

ning, Brother Nielson."

"Good evening, Brudder Silas,"Jens Arabella Smith sat alone at her said. "Don't vorry. Dot George is a *** campfire. Stanford had gone to

good scout. The vater in the spring his roadbuilding. She had hoped that

vill hold out. He guards it, ya."He for one night at least, they could share

looked approvingly at George, then he their camp together. "I may as well be

held up a restraining hand as Silas a widow!"she said to herself. "It's a

started away. "Vhat has become of the good thing I'm old enough to be sensifirst counselor, Brudder Piatt De Alton ble."She glanced over to the next

Lyman?"he asked. "Ven does he camp, where Kumen and Mary sat talkcome to help us out?"ing together. "Look at Mary, now!"

"Soon, I hope, Brother Nielson,"she sighed enviously. "Kumen is home

Silas answered. "Perhaps at this all right!"

camp."He looked fondly at the older Mary was reclining against Kumen'

man. "There's a lot of good counsel shoulder, his arm about her waist, lookin that head of yours,"he laughed. ing entirely happy.

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

\Jn C*camm9 SALVATION

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

cupy at the day of the redemption of light of life in the celestial world in the mankind, said: presence of the Lord.

The Master in his Sermon on the

That bodies who are of the celestial kingMount has given us a high standard to dom may possess it forever and ever; for, attain

for this intent was it made and created, and for this intent are they sanctified. Be ye therefore perfect, even as your FaAnd they who are not sanctified through ther which is in heaven is perfect. (Matthe law which I have given unto you, even thew 5:48.)

the law of Christ, must inherit another kingdom, even that of a terrestrial kingdom, And the scriptures declare to us that or that of a telestial kingdom. the prime purpose of the organization

the to abide For is not able he who the law of Church was celescelestial of cannot a abide a kingdom of the Saints."We forhavethebeen"perfectingtold the tial glory.

And he who cannot abide the law of a way by which the Master attained to

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve terrestrial kingdom cannot abide a terrestrial the fulness of his power. The Apostle

glory. Paul said:

And he who cannot abide the law of a

Address delivered at the Friday telestial kingdom cannot abide a telestial Though he were a Son, yet learned he the things suffered; obedience he which by for kingglory; therefore is not meet a he session afternoon

perfect, the he made became And being glory. abide of a Therefore he must of the 117th dom annual general conference, all eternal salvation author of unto them is glory. of not a kingdom which kingdom

April 4, 1947, in the (D. & C. 88:2024.) that obey him. (Hebrews 5:8, 9.)

Tabernacle And finally we have the testimony '"The very core of that which we call

Recently I had a conversation with of Amulek: Christianity is to be found in the

a sister who had heard a funeral Ye cannot say, when ye are brought to record of the writer of the gospel of sermon in which it had seemed to that awful crisis, that I will repent, that I John in which he quoted the Master's her the doctrine had been taught that will return to my God. Nay, ye cannot say testimony of his own divine mission as

it was possible to know what one's this; for that same spirit which doth posthe Savior of the world. These were

tfbdies that sess the out time at your ye go toplace in eternal the be worlds, his was words:

life, this spirit will that of power have same the beforeeven of judgment spoken day in to that world. eternal possess your body the that world, For he so loved gave Godof the he said Revelator by John when

if the procrastinated behold, have For ye his that Son, only begotten bewhosoever great, the smallhe dead, stand and saw until death, of repentance your even day in lieveth perish, should not but him have tobefore judged, be every God man to the behold, subjected have become ye life. everlasting 3:16.) (John

flesh. to theaccording in deeds his; the spirit done seal devil, the of doth he you and

Spirit the the of therefore, withhath she Lord then question: the askedAnd highest the stated has been Thus

in you, hath place from you, and no drawn it is possible for to one"How know service in that render can here we all devil over and the hath and you; power is place of the to individualwhat an life, sacrifice willingness the mortal to final this the state is the of wicked. (Almabe the resurrection before takes place?"self for of our the welfare of own 34:34, 35.) question suggested That imsome sacrifice others. place of servand The

I scriptures.portant thought about As I life in this ice sanctifying of process scriptures those pondered was As

I she asked, thatwhat had found apthe explained Smith Prophet by Joseph disattention, as brought we to my parently similar had question a Alma sister, this these the of question cussed to for thispropounded him he made religion that the reguire not sacdoes A clear mind. conclusions to seemed my his to rifice allexplanation sufficient son of things Corianton: never has power

first In the are place, judges our we own faith to the produce necessary unto

And it is requisite with the justice of God of the place we shall have in the eterand salvation. life

that men should be judged according to nal world. Here and now in mortality, It was through sacrifice and this alone

their works; and if their works were good each one of us is having the opportunity that God has ordained that men should enlife, thisin their the desires of and hearts... life. eternal joy elect of choosing the of kind laws we

that good, they also, atwere the should last living to are obey. obeyand now We isday, restored that be unto good. which If could apply to ourselves and we celestial ing will that us laws make if their evil are shall they works be And lives to that principle our own by celestial for candidates glory, or werestored evil. for unto them

the..day. forlongas evenhe hasso desiredshall hetohavedo evilhis reall areus candidatesliving terrestrialfor eitherlawsterrestrialthat will glory,make whichpreciouswegift,mightwe wouldlay holdbe indeedupon wise.that

ward of evil when the night cometh. or telestial law. The place we shall ocIt was King Benjamin who taught his

And so it is on the other hand. If he hath cupy in the eternal worlds will be deterpeople in his closing address:

sins, of hisrepented desired righteousand to the mined the obedience by we yieldness until the in his of are service the end of your days, even when ye so he these laws of during various kingdomsshall in are fellow... beings the service unto righteousness. of only be rewarded ye

... and thus they stand or fall; for behold, the time we have here in mortality upon your God. (Mosiah 2:17.)

they are their own judges.... [Italics authis earth.

thor's.] (Alma 41:3-7.) The Lord characterized himself as, That great principle of sacrifice and

"the light of the world."And in that service was exemplified in that declaraIn agreement with that explanation testimony he declared further that tion of the Son of God which I have

of the Prophet Alma, the Lord, in rethose who would follow him would not already quoted:

vealing the place the world shall ocwalk in darkness but should have the (Continued on page 290)

MAY 1947 289 all for the selfishness over. and the I prayed There was to God HAROLD B. LEE quaking

the world. it before courage, exemplar of and he gave and me courage,

(Continued from page 289) there came over me a peace that I had That man who is ambitious for perFor God so loved the world, that he never enjoyed before. When we got sonal gain and personal advantage is

gave.... [Italics author's.] over in the Philippines, I was assigned never a happy man, for before him alto duty as an advance scout which ways are the receding horizons of life

Giving, then, is an expression of meant I was ahead of the combat forces that will ever mock his attempts at one's love, and when one truly gives and sometimes was almost surrounded acquisition and conquest. That man

himself, it is an evidence of an abiding by the enemy. I knew that there was who serves unselfishly is the man who

love in that individual who thus is willonly one power in the earth that could is the happy man.

ing to give. The Master so loved mansave me, and I prayed to that power In the military service there were

kind that he gave his life. It was he to protect me, to save my life, and God awarded ofttimes for outstanding acwho said: heard my prayer and returned me back complishment, national decorations and

to with merit, certificates of company."and always my

I the shepherd, good and know am my suggestive said citation Lee, these "Brother he to me: I the were Thensheep, of mine. and known am

for. all beservice to those things meritorious have be grateful "For words:.. I life lay sheep. for the. and down my

No man taketh it from me, but I lay it It is little enough that I can do to go yond the call of duty."

down of myself. (John 10:14, 15, 18.) out now as an ambassador of Jesus Therein lies the way by which we,

Christ, to teach mankind these blessed too, can reach the highest goals and win

The Prophet Joseph Smith so loved things that I have received as a child the merited plaudits of our Heavenly the truth that had been revealed to him in my home."Father. That which we do beyond the

that he was willing to sacrifice everyAs I heard such an expression of call of duty, beyond that for which we thing he possessed in the world, not faith from that young man, I contrasted are compensated by material wealth is withholding his life, all to the end that it with those whom I had heard say that which gives us the greatest joy in he might bear that testimony and that that they thought by going into the life.

it the nations of might heard the field be traingain by mission they a would our experiences of the at I look As life inearth. his characterized the ing, see they the world, they would He I testimonies, their hear brethren and inclosing these years words: that experience gain valuable would truth: great of one persuaded become

I personally. benefit them would wish blessgreat the has a Lord Whenever like rolling stone huge, a rough I am that missionaries our exemplify would puts children, his of for ing he one high a the only mountain; from anddown in their the service the standards of to in the daughter or I is make that son getspolishing get corner way some when past, the of missionaries great of one off in contact withrubbed sacrifice. coming some- a great by

thing else,... all hell knocking off a corner whom has passed from us since the last

general conference. Brother Charles A. there. I willhere beand a corner Thus [ sat down in the temple some years Callis lived missionthe great and died in shaft the polished a smooth andcome

quiver of the Almighty.... ( Teachings of; ary; aye, he gave his life and was willago with a member of my high counthe Prophet Joseph Smith, 1940 edition, p. ing to sacrifice all he possessed that he cil as we went to our prayer circle one

304.) might teach this truth that was so early Sunday morning. He told me of

precious to his soul. his financial difficulties that had almost

The pioneers, whom we honor in destroyed his wealth, and he said: "I

this freeyear, centennial the loved so I to turn; place about to had no was people the to /"\ur maryoung come the to according to worship Idom God world; the in lose everything had altar riage in having been taught their thatdictates consciences of I own finally, last to Heavwent week my

it is the public schools important how their homes,they they gave up up gave in said 'Father him, to enly and Father to certain in adjustment a marmake lefttheir their possessions, lands and if will the heaven, up open by you way riage, fearare of and them very many lands,friends the in eastern and came I I will give refinance myself, can which ful If that adjustment. about these in forbidding deserthere mountain to a offerings. tithes than and more my my that people understand young would their desires righteous that mightorder I for that sacrifices will greater make

the application principle of that of realized.be if will to save help what only you me

sacrifice service the anwould and be "I said, Lee, "Brother have.'he And their of the adjustment, to problem swer the knees, visiting and from I got up stake way out months some a myT was If fears subdued. they be would would in miraculous way. most a opened up interview to asked and ago was their resolve the of marfrom moment I his part, did want you and Lord The misprospective assome young men riage, that that forth time from they part. help to Will you do me I now mysionaries. told the stake been had by in resolve everything and would do I find which help to avenue an by me the of thatpresident one young men their in to please other each power this for sacrifices greater can make of long hospitalizaafterhad, period a right, things that are to the even sacChurch?"shelltion, severe recovered a from rifice their of their pleasures, own own

in received that while there heshock had that of planning man's Out their appetites, desires, the probown

I this service.military faced young that things has the today As one of came in life of lem married adjustment would

I him, interview, the for asked activities inman the welfare been a mark itself, their take care of and home this miSto on go want you do the stake. that of welhave"Why Today we indeed a happy would Great be home.

siom love is built on great sacrifice, and that fare program that is giving us an avenue

He sat thoughtfully for several mohome where the principle of sacrifice for sacrifice and for greater service.

replied simply:ments, then he reports listened and the to today have We is for the of welfare daily each other

it I service, into the this went of the the of appeals"When demands and is that was expressed there where home

I firstthe ever time let been had these away Surely not must program. we love. great abides a

I conditions if foundfrom this home. fall in ears, for things upon deaf my

selfish for grasping adpersonal A Istrangetemptation every found call on the rises to of the the Church day vantage the teachdoes not from come I sin.side invitation to the if needed and Presidency, First Church and memof truth ings rather the but comes from I sin, tostrength their from and went keep their sacrifice of means, bers

is of teachings of him an enemy whobefore Father Heavenly prayed and their talents for upbuilding time, the of my

It is truth. in that scripture expressed faith in to that strength giveto him notwithholding of me the God, kingdom

tells that the of proposition us which evil. resistto prayer heard if lives, necessary, that their God my were own

to Father: our Satan Heavenly made strength. that the Afterand gave this to will people, me there then and come

period of training and was over we theneared the combat area, we heard thy..son,. Behold,and I herewill redeemam I, sendall mankind,me, I willthatbe toto consecratethat individualhimself,whothethusgreatestis willingjoy

booming of the guns that foretold the one soul shall not be lost, and surely I will that can come to the human soul.

message of death that was coming over do it; wherefore give me thine honor. God bless us that we might teach our

constantly. I was afraid, and I was (Moses 4:1.) [Concluded on page 325)

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a:)

WEEP WoM, FOR THE INDIAN

Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 117th annual general conference, &t

April 6, 1947, in the Tabernacle OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE brothers and sisters. In a very

for oldfashioned I ask an way IMY interest prayers. in your wish

also to express gratitude for your uplifted hands and your sustaining vote. I

hope that what I shall say will not detract in any way from the beautiful truths that have been given to us already in this conference, particularly with reference to the pioneers. My

grandfather was one of the original group to enter this valley. I am proud

that his statue will grace the new monument with Wilford Woodruff and his file leader, Brigham Young.

I have been thinking today also, of the pioneers, but of other pioneers who Kimball,Elder ofSpencerthe CouncilW.

of the Twelve, and Sisthe onespreceded have been honwe ter Kimball. twentyfive today. cenoring About

tennials ago, a hardy group left the comforts of a great city, crossed a desert, braved an ocean, and came to the shores of this, their promised land.

There were two large families, those of

Lehi and Ishmael, who in not many fair ones, how could ye have rejected that Samuel Claridge, when I was nine years centuries, numbered hundreds of milJesus, who stood with open arms to receive of age. One line of the blessing reads

lions of people on these two American you!

continents. Their scriptures and recBehold, if ye had not done this, ye would You will preach the gospel to many peoords taught them of God. They had not have fallen.... (Mormon 6:1618.) ple, but more especially to the Lamanites,

many blessings, and many promises. for the Lord will bless you with the gift

their wickedness for penalty before portray to of language power The and this of given, the creator wereThey by plainness. the in gospel great that people, to scattered that be they and were was title toland, the a clear Americas—prewill see organized be and them You driven, scourged. cursed and They all title,certificate of clear free of and this the as "round to stand bulwark pared off the to presence "cut be from wereencumbrance. however, was, one There people."of of the darkness Scales were Lord."the servecondition: must Lord They

curse, beto be their and they were retain totheir title to to I appreciation if they were do not when know God my is chaff driven before "as come I brought property.the the for wickedness Their came, but a them had always have

is vessel tossed upon about wind"or "a scattered destroyed heart the for wars, and sons which sympatheticon and them and divided them into two facthe waves without sail or anchor or daughters of Lehi, and so, recently, tions, the Nephites and Lamanites, and anything wherewith to steer her."when President Smith called Brother

finally they peopled the continents. The... wherefore, as they were white, and Cowley, Brother Ivins, and myself to

years went apace; the Savior came to exceeding fair and delightsome, that they give attention to their problems and to

his afterthem enticing people the not unto might be my resurrection—which

tocelebratingglorious are event did of blackness we cause a skin Lord God to among... thetheworkIndiansof disseminating... not only theto thegospelInthem. so day. Saviorday, this upon come Easter The

the world, also close to us over but I will that they cause shall be loathdians... period twice theinspired that for them

... the islands elsewhere of in the sea and... people, thy unto history they were some Churchof our own

shall of seed cursed be the him that And their torighteous devoted and were thrill such as I have great a came to me their seed; mixeth with then Father. cameHeavenly And life. full times idle few people, had. an.. did... they become in my

the sinsprosperity wealth. of and The 5: (II subtlety. mischief of... Nephi and I the for years fortytwo waited had for about them, overtookworld and 2124.) this blessing! patriarchal fulfilment of years, both seventyone and hundred

I field called to the mission was When infactions very wicked, wicked were I to love began T do know when not the in 1914, assignment to was my the until battle greatdeed, on Cumorah It Lehi. the children of have the may then Mission, SwissGerman and literally dethe Nephites werewhen birth, at those to because come going me prevented out my broke and war restroyed. Prophet The Mormon I born, after preceding years and was sent the Central to I there, was and in lying sixtycounted people thousand missions father spent on were I by there Mission. my States were no knew

in their this death, because blood and territory. in I Indians the Indian among in Switzerland Indians Germany. and

their of wickedness. Their enemies mission. This the president of in the was there Indians also He were knew permitted them. to upon comehad been first years in those love come all have in States Mission, but may Central my exclaims:Mormon father used childhood, of when mission, my years'an seen not my I had two

children to us chants sing I the Indian to I Indian. wondered, have "Can rent anguish, besoul with was And my picsouvenirs from us and and err,"patriarch failed, show or did the and I slain people, the of of cause and my

It friends. of, have his Indian tures may after the years fortytwo 1. promnow, cried

O ye fair ones, how could ye have decome from my patriarchal blessing ise, President George Albert Smith parted from the ways of the Lord! O ye which was given to me by Patriarch ( Continued on page 292

MAY 1947 291 land to which they had title bad conditions in our own nation promised SPENCER W. KIMBALL some from the Creator? and continent.

(Continued from page 291) The conquerors came and robbed But the laws had been broken. They

called me to this mission, and my blessand despoiled and destroyed. The bathad forfeited their rights because they

ing was fulfilled. tle of America, a fourhundred-year had failed to keep the commands of

I love those downtrodden and destruggle began with the discovery of God. The prophecies must be fulfilled,

prived people. Brother Cowley and I America and ended not until the ownand the plan of God must now be conspent some time on the Hawaiian Isers were dispossessed of nearly everysummated. It was necessary, for the

lands last summer, and those good thing they had owned. Cortez with a ultimate good of the Indian himself,

people found their way into my heart. handful of soldiers came into Mexico that the Gentiles must come from

We have about a halfmillion children and through deceit and misrepresentaforeign shores to become "nursing faof Lehi in the islands of the sea, and tion was able to conquer thirty million thers"to these benighted people; the

about sixty million of them in North people. Preying upon their superstiPilgrims and Puritans had to come to

and South America, about a third of tions and beliefs in the return of the settle this land; the Revolutionary War

them perhaps, being pureblood InFair God, he gained access to their had to be fought and won so that peace dians, and about twothirds are mixbeautiful city, took their lives, carried and freedom and liberty could be estures, but they have the blood of Jacob off their treasures and desecrated their tablished here, and so that the gospel in their veins. homes and temples. He gave them a could be restored, and this that the

Someone said: soldier's helmet which they brought record of the ancestors of the Indians

back to him full of gold nuggets. They might come forth, and the gospel of

If my pen might have the gift of tears I laid at his feet great quantities of Jesus Christ be made plain to them.

would write a book and call it "The Indian,"gold and silver, jewels, and other The prophecies were being fulfilled and I would make the whole world weep. priceless treasures. These valuables by us Gentiles. We pushed the natives

Pacific until the stopped ever westward his appetite, to only whet seemed

I I the to help whole make hope may in that their direcfurther movement their chests vaults and he sacked and Lehi. of children for theworld weep tion. into the crowded them Then soldiers three the closed we for more. His contears as he refrain from oneCan reservations, ofttimes corners it is and upon exits at to the Cholula, courtyard

fall these the people oftemplates who little territory value. country of The his written, weapon, with mystery and culture from brought been downhave southcrowded, and pushed became the we the cannon, them massacred by illiteracy to degand achievementand this time on Mexico, ward, making war their city of in thousands. loved And to emperors, kingsradation; and from country. used a Lamanite Again soldiers perhis we Tenochtitlan were landowners serfdom; fromslavery and the might, from subdued, took and and the to temples the with profane mitted of indigent to continents, wardsof vast also original from Lehite and owners of Indians the blood were very who of sonsgovernments and peons-—from claimants, great the the Mexico, in new great slaughtered numbers. The to rude of knowledge with God, aGod the including territory of southwest, assastortured king Aztec and was superstition, of victims andsavages, states of Arizona, the of It is much sinated. story they sad New a how in dwellers to of temples buildersfrom California, Mexico, Utah, Wyoming, dispossessed despoiled of were and

dirt hogans. this for vast did and Nevada. pay their rich valwhole We homeland—how

leys together with thousands of the empire, some fifteen million dollars,

HThe predictions concerning the scatIndians for servants, were granted to which is the approximate present value tering of the early American was individual Spanish conquerors. The of the one little Gila valley in Arizona

fulfilled to the letter. Not long before Aztecs were enslaved and branded. where I lived for so many years. We

the birth of Christ, a great man by the The history of Mexico claims that in later paid ten million dollars for anname of Hagoth left continental Amer1800 though "... only ten percent of other area involving a considerable

ica with colonies of people. He the population was Spanish, but almost portion of Arizona, known as the

Purchase. Gadsden all to belongs the property them."And

... built exceedforth and an him went relentlessly baton in our went after the slaves presumably were even We

. it.. forth launched large shipingly and until finally tle of aggression were we of their freed, servitude condition as

... sea, theinto west

this of conquerors expanundisputed following, for centuries was the peons of there behold, were many And in natural wealth. sive domain, so rich distasteful nearly. onerous. as.. and The sail forth with did muchNephites who

provisions, and also many women and chilmillions of Indians could literally dren; and they took their course northhave smothered the invaders with their P\own near Lordsburg, New Mexico,

ward.... very bodies, but it was not to be. For "L- there is an unpretentious monuthe prophecies had to be fulfilled. ment. On it are the words, "Here

And the next year: Geronimo surrendered, thus ending Inis picture, the but a gloomy HPhat forever."in dian America wars The

... the ships. built this other And man at the also should world weep in final selfdefense of was war waged return,first more ship did also and many in real the of treatment Americans the chief, the southwest by the Apache it;. set out into enter did.. andpeople

states. colonists the came our As own his led Geronimo. courageous He northward. the land toagain

And it came to pass that they were never from Europe and settled along the thirtyfour warriors with their wives heard of more.... And... one other ship Eastern seaboard, the great "push"and children against the United States

also did sail forth.... (Alma 63:5-8.) continued. Mile by mile we crowded army. And the battle of America lastresisted Indians them back. When the ing ended. four years had hundred We It has been thought by many people called them our encroachments, we for short years battled our but a few

that they went to the Pacific islands. "murderous redskins"and continued independence from Britain and were

And the scripture would so indicate: our relentless aggression. When they rewarded with success. The Indians

it called killed "whites,"a masus their for we centuries valiantly four fought the But the of Lord promises lives, their took sacre, but when we we people This proud freedom and lost. are islesunto them the of the gr*atwhoare upon

it of riddance termed a necessary to poverty, wealth from reduced a was it isles,sea; says as wherefore there must

needs be more than this, and they are inmenace. We were fighting for their from two vast continents to crowded

habited also by our brethren. (II Nephi lands and rivers and forests and minreservations. We hail George Wash10:21.) erals, but they were fighting for their ington as the great patroit because he

rights, their homeland, their families, led us successfully against our aggresElder Cowley and I visited some of their very lives. sors. And because they cannot, we

these peoples on the "isles of the sea"I would not justify any evil that the erect a tiny monument to mark the spot and found them developing and proIndians ever did, but can we not see where the last survivor chief was subgressing and doing well. that they were on the defensive, fightdued while resisting our aggression. It

But we are not so fortunate here at ing for their liberty, for independence is a sad story. Let the world weep.

home in the United States. There are and to perpetuate their rights to the [Continued on page 298)

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPECIAL MISSION

inspirational sessevenThrough lost faith that not sions I have my to (L*wwpe weer faithsaw anywhereamong theinSaintsthe Churchin the warthan time would come. torn countries.

To one who has spent the major part I will not take time today to describe of the last year amidst the rubble and Address delivered at the Sunday the terrors of war, the worst of which destruction of wartorn Europe, this afternoon session of the 117th is not the physical combat but that conference has been doubly inspirationannual general conference, which follows: the abandonment of

al and appreciated. As I have looked April 6, 1947, in the moral and religious restraints, the ininto the faces of this wellfed (almost Tabernacle crease in sin, disease; the increase in

too wellfed in many cases ), audience, infant mortality; and all the suffering

wellclothed, surrounded with all the which accompanies famine, disease, and comforts and blessings of life, I have immorality. We saw these things on

found that my thoughts have many every side. We saw nations prostrate,

times drifted across the Atlantic to flat on their backs economically. We

those of our brethren and sisters with found it difficult even to get a telephone whom I have been closely associated call through from London to many of during recent months. I love them, my our missions on the continent when we

brethren and sisters, as I am sure you OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE arrived. We could not even make a

do, many of you having descended telephone call to Holland, let alone through progenitors from those nations. countries like Poland and CzechoWe have heard much in this conferslovakia, and other nations. Almost the

ence regarding Europe and the Latteronly type of transportation available day Saints in those countries. You was that under the control of the miliheard testimonies from two of the fortary. But through the blessings of the

mer mission presidents of those missions Lord we were able within eight days to who told of the suffering of the Saints make our first trip to the continent, and and who bore fervent testimony to the from Paris, made our journey into the faithfulness and devotion of Latterday various nations of Europe.

Saints in Europe. You heard from

Brother Frederick W. Babbel, my com- T think I shall never forget those first

panion and faithful associate, regarding meetings with the Saints. They have

his observations in Europe. If the Lord suffered much, my brethren and sisters.

will bless the next few me during rejust they would how wondered moWe like, in ments, I should keeping with be. reaction ceive the would us, what

the suggestion of President Smith, to llliil Would their hearts be filled with bitrefer briefly to some other phases in terness? Would there be hatred there?

connection with observations and travWould they have soured on the els in Europe, covering a period of some pT: Church? I well remember our first meetten months and more than sixty thouing at Karlsruhe. After we had made

sand miles. visits through Belgium, Holland, and the

to suggest, Elder Ezra brethren the I hasten Benson, Taft of and Council the of my into countries, Scandinavian went we Twelve, in photographed just the Tabernacle besisters, fine that though even many finally found fore taking his occupied Germany. the place rostrum. on We our regarding werecomments made place, the our meeting a partialway to

mission over there, I assure you I know ly bombedout building located in the the source of the success which attended solve have been solved, and the work interior of a block. The Saints had been

our labors. Never at any time have I in large measure has been accomplished in session for some two hours waiting

felt it would be possible for me or my through the blessings of the Lord. for us, hoping that we would come beassociates to accomplish the mission to I remember well our first inquiry as cause the word had reached them that

to the time diassigned without thewhich were we could we or I shall planerecting boat. of the Almighty. power We wereset sail,told eitherit wouldby weAndmightthen forbe therethe firstfortimethe inconference.my life I

never forget my feelings when I read take three months, that all booksaw almost an entire audience in tears in the press the announcement by the ings were filled for that period. Yet as we walked up onto the platform,

First Presidency regarding our call. within twentyone days from the time and they realized that at last, after six

The magnitude of it seemed overour appointment was announced, we or seven long years, representatives whelming. They gave us a fourpoint landed at Hum Airport sixty miles from Zion, as they put it, had finally

charge: First, to attend to the spiritual south of London. And in spite of a come back to them. Then as the meetaffairs of the Church in Europe; secmost acute housing shortage in London, ing closed, prolonged at their request,

ond, to work to make available food, two days thereafter suitable headquarthey insisted we go to the door and clothing, and bedding to our suffering ters had been established; how, I do not shake hands with each one of them as

Saints in all parts of Europe; third, to know, except through the blessings of he left the bombedout building. And

direct the reorganization of the various the Almighty; and had we been free to we noted that many of them, after they

missions of Europe; and, fourth, to preselect a spot for our headquarters, as had passed through the line went back

pare for the return of missionaries to it developed later, we could not have and came through the second and third those countries. done better for our purpose. And so time, so happy were they to grasp our

today I am grateful beyond my power hands. As I looked into their upturned

/\ur thegreatLorddesirewouldwasblessto uslivein socarrythat haveof expressionaccompaniedfor usthe onblessingsour missionthat dressedfaces, pale,in rags,thin, manysome ofof thesethem Saintsbareing out those directions, and I testify in Europe. footed, I could see the light of faith in

to you this afternoon, my brethren and I am grateful for the love of the their eyes as they bore testimony to sisters, that the Lord has in very deed Saints over there, and for their devothe divinity of this great latterday blessed us on every turn. He has gone tion, for their faith, for the manner in work, and expressed their gratitude for

before us. Barriers have melted away. which they received us. They are a the blessings of the Lord.

Problems that seemed impossible to great people. I have never seen great- (Continued on page 294)

MAY 1947 293 i

ters form. faced congregations of ravished more T have by fiends in human TAFT EZRA BENSON * of Saints forced to our Saints were go Latterday than Some thousand a (Continued from vaae 293)

that. it mission through estimated where by the was

is does. testimony a That what percent eighty that than president We more they been have hunqry Yes

it in countries. say there manysaw clothing total clothing f the was worn 'cold been have saw ma 'sucthey Weis faith greater no to my Iknowledge welfare the sent Zion, through from families long arsupplies welfare before

in the thananywhere Church we found do and sisters, program. My brethren rived in that the Europe Thank God

in Europe. people goodamong those of the further evidence welfare there supplies are now! You need anY

"inspirathe v this -j for and program need 1 1 f n m's O f tion interesting things happenedfyjANY loral C\ marvelous a work. as periormed TheiV1 ent a *ew \JVncZ well imagine can you Ofttimes district feaders, branch and presidents,P tell youiGod *j!tY\TLLcc>7Z in total meetingour dngpastyl almost rooms were for service have done an which 1S inspired! asdarkness "to close the forced were PW*- we *?9 are to arateful deeply them The?Jf S filled withwindows, instead cardboard and & 8 en ofomour 'SSrmany glass,of because of rainstorm. a But J"r inln LTvmny themmem wavwaYweE*%KJ5?suDoortedsuPPortea hVdrSsn.1 motm\o! hunger perish with Saints evervevery Latterday insistedinsistedthf>the saintsSaints thatthat witnwith nogo nnon wowe part the saddest of misprobably our of lack of the die of cold because e ee m 9

'Sin WaS TheS 'anddothing. W"h food commoSies refu9eeS 1 Ur?00r se a etin? thTn thTv and me andS* souls, unwanted been in driven have from is forward going the work Now rtrtfZ H52wouldclo2??fLr9;nfdM

tours around other bridges and bombed sure is ed> su progressing. neyer ha* ben the of Lord We ork Wethings. after arrived, Shortly the we visited military their fine the q cooperation SQme have Irom homes their rang; that they but requestedcurfew we civic, authorities, business, as and as from many shacks—where

on; toallow the stay after them and professional States in people. United Hvi Qne Wr Our room fourtwentytwo kmeeting over to they forced were was fully. embassies families! cooperated have complete The yet they And

all in night the partiallystay old bombfriendly, the radio press in and ni been have together ht prayer and ornlngknelt a schoolhouse,edout of because curfew presithe mission whole, with on to us testimon the regarding And and bore restnctions. adequately cannot Words missions, all of the back in dents now blessings of the gospela.express the joy of the Saints for the except permisand German, the West

first missionwide conference following sion granted for a president to go there, the war in England, Holland, Sweden, Mow, just a word about the welfare with four hundred and fifty missionand other countries. program. I bring to you, my aries already called and assigned and

We found that our members had carbrothers and sisters, the deep gratitude one hundred others waiting visas, the ried on in a marvelous way. Their faith and thanksgiving of the Saints in Euoutlook is encouraging. Even in Gerwas strong, their devotion greater, and rope. The spirit of the welfare program many and Austria, where missionaries

their loyalty unsurpassed. We found was there long before we arrived. The have not been permitted to go in numvery little, if any, bitterness or despair. Saints in various countries had sent bers, some seventy local missionaries

There was a spirit of fellowship and help to their less fortunate brothers and are serving full time to carry on the brotherhood which had extended from sisters in other nations. Welfare gargreat work.

one mission to the other, and as we dens had been planted. We found them Two distributions of welfare supplies

traveled, the Saints asked us to take among the bombedout buildings. We have been made in all districts in Gertheir greetings to their brothers and ran on to many instances where folmany and in the East German Mission;

sisters in other countries although their lowing bombings, branches had joined a third distribution was made through nations had been at war only a few together and pooled all their remaining purchases on the Swiss market before months before. Local missionaries had supplies, food, clothing, and household welfare supplies arrived. A third discarded on during the war period. In articles and turned them over to the tribution is now being made in the

some districts there had been more priesthood for distribution according western zones which comprise the baptisms than during a comparable to need. West German Mission. In Holland and

period prior to the war. It was a great joy when the welfare Norway the work is progressing equalThey had lived the standards of the supplies came through. It was also a ly well.

Church. The Word of Wisdom has great surprise to the military authoriWhile the outlook for the Church is

been a great blessing to them. Whereties and others to learn with what dis favorable in Europe if peace can be

as many people, driven by the pangs of patch the supplies arrived from Zion, maintained, certainly the outlook for hunger, had had their desire for tobacafter arrangements were made, and the the world at large is anything but enco intensified and would trade their cable sent back to Zion, March 14, couraging. After two years, following

meager food allowance for more tobac1946, to start shipments. They could the second world war in twentyfive

co, the Saints traded their rations of hardly believe that there was a Church years, the world is indeed in a sorry tobacco for more food. Truly this jn existence with a hundred storehouses state. Once powerful nations in Eurevelation of over one hundred years wen stocked, ready to dispatch supplies rope, Asia, and the Orient are flat on

ago is a great blessing to them. Q the suffering people in Europe. You their backs, industries broken, economhave heard figures regarding the ies shattered, and their once happy

HPhey have suffered much, my brethquantities that have arrived—some people on starvation doles. A large

ren and sisters. You heard Presififty-one carloads. That means over part of the world is cold, hungry, and

dent Clark read a letter here on Friday two hundred European carloads, or apdesperate. Millions without the gospel

from President Walter Stover in Berlin, proximately two thousand tons, and I are without hope. Europe today is in

You may think that is an isolated case, am sure that if the cost of transporting the midst of one of the greatest ideoIt is only one of hundreds, many of it on the European end was considered, logical conflicts in recorded human hiswhich are much worse than the one he it would total well over three quarters tory—whether government exists for

referred to, because our Saints in some of a million dollars. The bulk of that, the individual or the individual for the

cases have suffered more than death. It of course, has gone to the countries in government. We feel it only vaguely

is worse than death for a mother or a greatest distress, Germany and Austria, here, but it is real. To me the threat of

father to have to stand at the point of Holland, Norway, Belguim, with quanGodless communism is a stern reality, a gun while they witness their little tities going to many other countries acnot only in Europe but also in blessed thirteen and fourteenyear-old daughcording to need. America. (Concluded on page 296)

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LOVE OF NEIGHBOR

delivered Address at the Saturday session afternoon the 117th e, tempted... ahim,certainsaying,lawyerMaster,stoodwhatup,shallandI of

annual general conference, do to inherit eternal life? He said unto him,

April 5, 1947, in the What is written in the law? how readest

thou? said, he answering shalt And Thou Tabernacle

all the love thy Lord thy heart, God with and with all thy soul, and with all thy wish each one of you could have OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE neighbourstrength, andas withthyself.all Andthy mind;he saidand untothy

right: this do, and

justify willing to I seensatisfactionthe expressionthat coveredof pridethe faceand him,thou Thoushalt hastlive. answeredBut he,

of President Howard McDonald as his himself, said unto Jesus, And who is my thrilling choir stood up to sing each neighbour? And Jesus answering said, A

certain to from went Jerusalem man downtime. sure that of I am each has you

fell Jericho, thieves, and which among theenjoyed glorious singing these of stripped his raiment, of him and wounded fine people, quite young as has as much him, departed, leaving and half dead. him

their president. I have greatly enjoyed And by chance there came down a certain

them. priest that way: and when he saw him, he

I would like to read you something passed by on the other side. And likewise

place, the at a Levite, he came when waswhich necessarily I do not recommend him, looked the and passed and on by onfor its poetry, but for I do recommend side. certain as other Samaritan, But a

the sentiment that is there: he journeyed, came where he was: and

when he saw him, he had compassion on

I knelt to pray when day was done, him, And went to him, and bound up his

And prayed, "O, Lord, bless everyone; wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set

Lift from each saddened heart the pain; him on his own beast, and brought him to

And let the sick be well again."an inn, and took care of him. And on the

departed, out he he two took morrow when

And then I woke another day, said to the host, them pence, and and gave carelesslyAnd went on way; my him, care of him; unto and whatsoTake

long try I did wholeThe not day ever spendest more, thou whenTo wipe a tear from any eye. again, I will repay thee. Which Inowcomeof

three, thou, thinkest these neighbour was I did try to the not load, share fell thieves? that the unto him among And brother the road;Of any on

said, him. that he shewed mercy on He I did to not see even go

him, said unto Go, and do thou Jesus sick justThe man, next door to me. Then

likewise. 10:2537.) (Luke

Yet once again when day was done Elder Mark E. Petersen, of the Council of the

Edling of the G. Wilford Twelve, "0, and President I prayed, bless Lord, everyone,"living pray, the of Speaking way we of the conferLos Stake enjoying Angeles one asBut into I prayed, ear my hailstorms. ence that priest passed the I suppose by whoThere a voice that clear: whispered came traveler who had been attacked and

"Pause now, my son, before you pray, beaten and left half dead must have

Whom have you tried to bless today? tatoes! They had thought that the peelbeen a praying man. That was his busGod's sweetest blessings always go, ings alone were a delicacy. iness. Probably he was paid for it. But

By hands that serve him here below."It breaks your heart when you think in spite of all his prayers, he was not

And then I hid my face and cried, what these people have gone through. enough interested in the way he lived,

"Forgive me, God, I have not tried; When I listened to that wonderful rehe was not enough interested in transLet live but another day, me willhis action to be prayers into port given yesterday Clark lating by President

I will live the pray."And way I halfthis poor, ing to about do anything the remarks and heard made regarding

that family referred to by Brother dead man who was abandoned there after thieves. beaten having been by living Stover, upstairs, heat, without before yesterday afternoon,pAY

I their glass the of out a with too, sure, that broken winLevite the was am friend of very to good mine came little I girl the shoes, dows, likewise without there praying suppose any man. a

officeour at the Deseret and News all insufficient clothing in or the bedding, pious probably no more was man told just about a family that has me lying children I in there shivering, that sure Palestine, bed could he and am after from Hollandcome enhaving it cold! hungry, touches Pharisee as as might well Well, any your pray who

bitter the indured that years counwar heart that think to beings that that say must he thanked human he was God try. people starved; These they had that. like things this better pass through other Levite, than men. And Even

cold,had gone of without them many I all his think forgetting forgetting others the of prayers when and many who sufficient clothing. in heat had They no religion, similarly real suffered, true of the have of I think meaning was when

their homes. of endured had one They this willing the related at conditions there to stand here look yesterday and

the great tragedies into that come there Brother huby man, Brother and and leave him and pass by West Max lives. so becameman hungry They the succor necessary supplying without and Brother Zimmer Babbel have who

thatover there they could whenever just for him. countries, from those come I wonget things as such peelings, potato they der if appreciate what have and we we

would regard them as the greatest of what is our great responsibility to those delicacies. These people have come to who have not. T thought of this yesterday as PresiAmerica. The other night as they sat dent Clark read that welfare report.

down around the table of my friend, It was a good report. Much was acthey could hardly believe that such Vou remember one day the Savior complished through the welfare prowonderful food in such great abundance was talking with a lawyer about the gram, but much more should have been

could be made available to anyone. two first great commandments, one of accomplished. When Brother Cowley

Why, there on their table were, not the them: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as spoke here of our fast offerings, I felt

peelings, but the potatoes themselves, thyself."This is the way the scripture it is not enough. There are too many

beautiful white, whipped, creamy poreads (Concluded on page 296)

MAY 1947 295

MARK E. PETERSEN theday membershippray that theof Authoritiesthe Church, ofeverythe "\17e Peaceare livinghas inbeena daytakenof tribulation.from the

( Concluded from page 295 Church may have the guidance and inearth. Tribulation will continue among

among us who do not live the way we spiration of the Lord. I hope you pray us. It may be that you and I may never

pray. that way. We need the faith and praybe face to face with starvation. It may

I suppose there are no more frequent ers of the Saints. But remember that be that you and I will never look upon

prayers offered than the appeals that you have a responsibility to live the the forms of our little children, as they go up to the Lord asking him to bless way you pray, and when you ask that have been described from abroad by the poor and the needy, and yet our fast the leaders of this Church may be Brother Benson, and others, in the last offerings are down, and we still have guided by inspiration, then you be willstages of starvation. We may not have

many people in the Church who do not ing to live by the inspiration that comes a trial of that kind, but I tell you that live enough the way they pray so that to you from those Authorities. Part of we are being tested here and now,

they are unwilling to get in and work that inspiration, I say part of that revwhether we realize it or not. Our everywith the welfare program and make elation, is the Church welfare program, day lives are demonstrating to the Althat welfare program work for those and we invite all to participate in it mighty whether or not we love him,

who are in need. How well do we live earnestly. whether or not we love his children,

according to the manner of our prayers? After the Lord says it must be done even our neighbors as ourselves. We

When I think of the stakes or wards in his own way, he says this are demonstrating by our lives whether selfish, are are graspwhether we wethat these eleven years gone have now is full, the earth there For and is enough ing, are willing to help the whether we storehouseswithout without permaand

I all to spare; yea, and things, prepared and fellow, willing other to are whether I we think projects, the ofnent numwhen the given have children unto to of be men share. of are constantlyber people who if agents themselves. unto Therefore, any

criticizing the welfare program, not unman shall take of the abundance which I How do we measure up? Are we

derstanding it probably, then I think, have made, and impart not his portion, acwilling to share by paying fast offercording to the of law gospel, unto the my time. said attoo, of what one James willing ings? to laborshare by Are we

shall, the poor needy, and with the he in epistle his rememberYou James in ing earnestly the welfare Church lift his wicked, in hell, in eyes up being faith said:talked about and and works are program? to going drag our Or we torment (D. 104:17, 18.) & C. feet? Are we selfish? Do we love our

it profit, brethren, doth though What my live as neighbors ourselves? the we Do I think to the used pretty Lord was

faith, hatha say works? have not and he man priest like pray? the Are we way we if in that harsh willsaying are not we If sister faith a brother or can save him? in the the story Levite of the and Good ing to help the in the poor needy and destitute food, daily of naked, andbe And the Samaritan? love our do Lord Or we his in way, of the be danger would we in them, of peace, unto Depart sayone you

be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye torment of hell, but when I began to God with all our hearts, realizing that

give them not those things which are needread that in the light of Matthew, we cannot love God whom we have ful to the body; what doth it profit? (James twentyfifth chapter, and think of it not seen if we do not love our brother

2:1416.) along with the Church welfare program, whom we have seen?

I began the to understand in test-'testing Yes, are ground, what Lord a we and Likewise say pray when we in to had mind. the ing Savior or whether not are to You remember worthy be wethe "Bless Almighty, the the poor and this: said Saints, called the love whether Lord we scripture,needy,"the to and then, apply

all our hearts with our our and God of the shall in his Son man come When neighbors ourselves. as are being We not those them Notwithstanding all glory, the we give holy and angels with him, if to tried in willing, see even we arethings to the are needful body; what sit which shall then the his of he throne upon

it if is extremity, of to share, a time our it profit?doth glory: all shall before gathered him be And

nations; and he shall separate them one last crust of bread, with another who is

VK7ell, some people say; "I would like from another, as a shepherd divideth his hungry.

goats: shall the sheep set from the he And v the to help poor in way."my own his right sheep goats hand, the on but tried to bless today? have you on Whom

in the left. shall help I think the the poor all should say King unto them Then we blessings God's sweetest always go

his right hand, I Come, ye blessed think likewise but way, of my we onour own By hands that serve him here below.

Father, inherit the for prepared kingdom in the helpshould the Lord's poor way, the from foundation world: of the For has saidand the Lord so much in so youI the for poor, you pray rememhungred, an and When gave was ye me meat:: Said he wordsmany thirsty, drink: that and I was the ber ye gave helped I was poor be must me by

in: stranger, a took and ye and Naked, me is there better somebody, one and no it is for to purpose provide And my my I sick, clothed visited ye and me: ye was that to be you. than somebody That it allsaints, things for mine. are But must I in prison, me: unto me. and ye was came all live as that pray, may in bewe weneeds mine way; done we and be own shall the him, righteous sayanswer Then

I, is this the the thathold Lord, serve serving have fellows, our by way may God thee Lord, hungred, saw an when we saints, the ing, that to for providedecreed my in pray, Jesus'name. I humbly Amen. thirsty, fed thee? or and thee and gave

rich shall are the in that exalted,poor be drink? stranger, thee and saw a we When low. (D. 104:15, 16.)made C. & in? or thee naked, took clothed thee? and

prison, sick, thee or in saw when Or we

I call your attention to the fact that shall the thee? unto answer King came and EZRA TAFT BENSON And

the Lord says that the helping of the and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, poor "must needs be done in mine own Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of (Concluded from page 294) way,"and the Lord's own way in 1947, the least of these my brethren, ye have done The outlook for the world is not enin this centennial year, is that organized it unto me. Then shall he say also unto couraging, but we know what the anleft the hand, me, from Depart them ye onassistance is. the given is through be Church only answer, swer one There

fire, cursed, into for everlasting prepared the iswelfare through that program and the gospel Christ. of and Jesus

I devil his angels: the and an For was allied thatpriesthood with heart. quorums the Peace must from come Men's hungred, meat: and I was gave ye no me

program. one and ask you change, righteousness and must all who I We thirsty, drink: a hearts gave and no was ye me

are laborers in this Church to cooperate stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, must rule in the lives of the people of

fully and heartily and willingly with and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, the world before peace can come. May

that program, and remember that not and ye visited me not. Then shall they also God hasten the day. May the message

your way, but the Lord's way is to be answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we of the restored gospel go forward in athirst, stranger, or or thee hungred, a andone. force, increasing great numbers, by

in prison, did not or or sick, or naked, and children that the God's may escape shall thee? answer unto he Then

calamities impending, are which I humCpeaking again of living the way we minister I InVerily, you, saying, them, unto say * pray, I suppose everyone within asmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of bly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

the sound of my voice, at least those of these, ye did it not tome. (Matt. 25:3145.) Amen.

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA o VLP,nnciDte FAST OFFERING Address delivered at the Friday afternoon session of the 117th annual general conference, April 4, 1947, in the &

Tabernacle OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE President Smith first announced me as Matthias F. Cowley. He has

been dead for a number of years, but nothing would please me more than to have him speak through me at this time, I only wish that I were as well prepared to propound the scriptures and explain the gospel after my many years in the missionary service as my father was at the age of nineteen when he first went to the Southern States, at which time he knew by heart four hundred eightythree passages of scripture.

I am very grateful to be at this great conference today. I am grateful for the

privilege I have to engage in the missionary service in this Church wherever the call may take me.

A week ago yesterday I was in a little settlement known as Kaulapapa on the Island of Molokai in the Hawaiian group. That is a leper settlement. I

flew over there to spend an afternoon with our leper Saints. It was my first

those people.experience with I went

that apprehendingexpecting and I BishopElderRossMatthewT. Hyer Cowley,of Park ofViewthe Ward,CouncilLongof theBeachTwelve,Stake,chattingand a formerin Hawaiianmissionarywith

would be depressed. I left there knowto Hawaii.

ing that I had been exalted. I attended

a service with those people. I heard a say we still have as great pioneers in the plan of God on the first Sabbath of

chorus sing our beautiful anthem, conthe Church of Jesus Christ of Lattereach month.

blindedducted man, by an aged by the day Saints as we ever had. suffering, appreciate the cannot We

sing,dread disease. I heard them "We the of our brothers wants and

Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet,"T have a message for you, my brothers the countries of Europe unlesssisterswe fastin and as long as I live, that song will * and sisters. It is based upon one of and fast often, and we need to fast! The

never ring in my soul with such beauthe things that was referred to in the great pioneers who came here were tiful harmony as came from the hearts statistics this morning, and I offer this fasting pioneers. They were not men

and the voices of those emaciated lepers message in connection with our people and women of financial means. This

of that colony. in the wartorn areas of Europe who building, the great building east of here,

suffer: That message has to do with all of this temple block was built, not

T17hen I heard the brethren from fast offerings. We heard it read here with money, but with faith, with priva-

"* Europe speak this morning, my that our death rate is very, very low. tion, and the foundation of it all is

heart went out to the people who live If we are honest in the payment of fast righteousness, good character, initiative, in those countries. We are here today offerings, we are living miracles. We independence,, selfreliance. If we are

paying tribute to the great pioneers who are not obeying the principle of the fast, building upon the foundation which our came here a hundred years ago to make and it is a principle of the gospel of pioneer fathers laid for us here, we will this desert blossom as the rose. I have Jesus Christ. We are not paying to'not build better buildings; we will build

often wondered if we still had great the Lord and to the Saints in Europe better characters. I know that this is

pioneers in this great Church, as great who have neither bedding nor clothing the greatest force in all the world to as those who came here a hundred nor food, that which God expects us develop character, to bring righteousyears ago. After hearing the two brethto pay. We are paying less, I suppose, ness into the lives of men and women.

ren from Europe this morning, I am rethan ten cents a month in fast offering. Christ said, "Whosoever committeth

assured. We have just as great pioDoes that represent the cost of the food sin is the servant of sin,"(John 8:34)

neers living today in this Church as we we are eating or that we are refraining and when man becomes the servant of had one hundred years ago. When we from eating on fast day? All you have sin, he loses his freedom. Men who

think of those who pioneered through to do is take one look at me and know drink say they have the right to drink, the great war years of Europe, who that I know that I owe more than a that is their freedom, but too often they have suffered the horror and the devasdollar a month fast offering to this lose that freedom by becoming the servtation of their homes and cities, but Church, and yet it was announced here ant of drink and not the master of it.

who have pioneered through all those that we had not reached our goal. What Our freedom, brothers and sisters, is

experiences faithfully and devotedly to is it, one dollar a year? I don't know. the freedom which our pioneers brought

the gospel of Jesus Christ without such The goal is, brothers and sisters, an here, the freedom to do what God leadership as our pioneers had when honest offering for that which we rewants us to do and what we ought to they came to this desert wasteland, I frain from eating in accordance with (Concluded on page 298)

MAY 1947 297

MATTHEW COWLEY write.literate, "educated"Of one hundredNavajosninetyfivesurveyed,

{Concluded from page 297) hearts to fulfil that same prophecy just only sixteen had more than eighth do, rather than what we ourselves deas you and I have fulfilled it, and their grade training. To take care of the

sire and are pleased to do, and it is eyes are looking up, and their hopes children on the reservation it would our responsibility to hold high that are reaching out to the tops of the require twelve fivehundred-pupil high great torch of freedom founded upon mountains, and the only way we have schools. There is not a single one availrighteousness which those great parof bringing them here to us is by reachable. The tribal leaders say:

ents of yours to and of mine carried here ing out are and they where them we not Why? Why can thisinto valley. that that seeing they they not suffer, do cooperate always. We Wehavereduceschools?our

not not that for food, they do do want too have when many. we are told we I in conclusion, that sayTow, may clothing. all for everything. is to they want But do do sheepWe are in fulfilment all here the of we close school. our be valleys to to these here came We his of through prophets,promise God

this the sustained foundations of on last inthat the the days would mounsix area are Tolani there hundred Tn all into extend Church. must now Wetain the of established Lord's house be little children school with school one the the sustenance world which samein the the tops of exalted mountains and building might which accommodate received here. fast have your Pay we hills all that the nations andabove it is sixty, closed. but Tohatchi, even At offerings, principles the the obey of it. all flow unto toare herewould We is large plant school a Mexico, New let plan, the us take welfare and mounin fulfilment that ofday prophecy, and buildings, school dormitories, with

all its gifts tain the of Lord's house andyet the throughout world thouhave we five residences, hospital, for years but to blessings the four the corners of and Saints, in of Latterdaysands Germany, it officials closed. been has say The

I earth, in in the of islandsScandinavia, pray sea, the the name of Jesus is there repair appropriation to no and who have a burning desire in their Christ. Amen. fit it for school purposes. At Aneth,

Utah, are 1,500 Navajos. They beg

SPENCER W. KIMBALL schoolfor a teacherthere. AtforSheepthe oneSpringslittle theclosedIn-

(Continued from page 292) redations and were to be given that dians called a mass meeting and wrote

But there were still some outbreaks. vast area of territory of little value. us:

Because of the chaotic condition and They were to receive some small al-... We want a Mormon school here so

the hopelessness of their situation, some lowances. They were to require their our children will get good education by you

groups of natives continued to commit children to go to the schools, and we Mormons. The government cannot take

depredations against the new alleged were to furnish them a school, and care of us all....

their If for thirty of children. properties. teacher a everyowners NavaThe to the superintendgroup came Onejos in the could to with reservathe sent you our were go way me We asked: ent build help "Can't us and you tion against them. these hear tracked and parentsarmy them Navajo also.We school?"superintendent a he said Theinto the for for their plead schools mountains children, and of canyons

is sorry, for "there but no money was killednorthern realize greatly Arizona and would in you them have how we nails, roofing."doors, lumber, windows,

failed livegreat to killed they numbers; that claim part up to our of we the Indians collected hundred one Sotheir fifty of treaty 1868. sheep numbering thousand; are than There more dollars for materials with old lumand

all their twentyfour children destroyed school thousands thousand of ofwe built buildber logs and themselves a trees, all in Chelly. age,peach the but with de Canon government ing, train then for teacher to begged a

relentless. schools, against plus those schools them Our operated war was by their children. these appeals of The

little churches, surrender only the ultimatum of about 5,100 wasThe by July in untaught cause people to one weep to into20, folk extermination. or get can school. 1863, hope a The sympathy. wrote: They

in nearly children 19,000 yearn kill given to every Orders were male for litde vain schooling. In children September, school, to to us ambeg Our go of bearing capable arms, whereverNavajo

is for there vote. them. none cannot little bitious parents these ones send We children found.he be and may Women influence not do congresswith have long, miles, to buildschool butWe rugged a prisoners. to held as capturedwere and be taxes to send our men. sons and pay We it ing, filled find to capacity, only to or

States United Congress makes The to for of repair find it locked want then to Colonel Riggs came theseAnd treaties or war.big countries other with and makes

teacher. long those ruggedinstructions a Back big loans, in history not once but it obhas

miles, longer they even trudge now, the treaty give sacred of to served 1868

I is that there informed been a have still to year, another wait hophome schools. us

.. called thespring Cibolo where de Ojo

is for ing time. luck better next There their cattle stolen "jerk"driveNavajos. and conunder unfavorable Even most big backlog with of a thousands many leisure. flesh theirthe at Cannot you make ditions of long distances roads and and adults children and never have who for resolute of partyarrangements a men cold weather, the the attendance of school, unless of a and had day there stationedfrom to be your we command

for say, thirty days, and kill every Navajo change our policy, these defrauded peochildren is eighty percent to ninety perand Apache they can find? A cautious, wary ple in the heart of this rich and educent. In our little school at Blanding,

commander hiding his men and moving cated nation, will still be illiterate fifty Indian mothers kneel at the desk of at nightabout might little ones and urge them on in hence. kill off a good many years school year their median The

point. thatIndians near their learning. is.9 for the as comof a year, Navajo

A bounty of twenty dollars was pared to 5.7 years for the average InThe Lord had promised the sons of

placed on a good Indian horse, and a dian and 8.4 years for our own children. Lehi:

dollar for a sheep. The records reveal that while 3.7 pershall prosper in the land of promThey cent of us have and no schooling, had job of it. an efficient The We did

if... ise 25.2 of percent the Indians in generalIndians did later that not claimed they

know they had an option to surrender; have had none, there are sixtysix perBut little prosperity has come to the

cent of the have never the victims that they Navajos whothey thought were little Navajo and can come until we

Illiteracy opportunity. is rehad such order, not till exterminationof an and their Gentiles, fathers,""nursing to help

they were starved out did they finally ported to be about seventyfive percent train them. Though they have sixteen

raise the flag of truce. We took them among the Navajos while the United million acres of land, it is of such barover into New Mexico on a reservaStates negro is only 16.1 percent and renness that it takes about one hundred

tion and after four years of starvation we United States whites are 1.5 percent sixty acres to support a horse. Of seven

and freezing and hopelessness for them illiterate. When we speak of educated thousand three hundred livestock ownwe imposed upon them a treaty. Indians, we do not mean those with ers only about one hundred have an

They were to commit no more depdegrees but those who can read and [Continued on page 348) 298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STRENGTH

or the GOSPEL

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

much the law and the gospel as anyneed for our brethren and sisters in thing that has ever been said or written Europe, and I will go one step further

ELDER HENRY D. MOYLE before for our guidance. and say, all that we need for our neighbors, if we will but keep in close

Tt is not the wisdom of the world as communion with the spirit of obedience

Address delivered at the Sunday Paul says that is important to us; it and act under the direction of the leadafternoon session of the 117th is the power and the strength of the ers of Israel, here upon this earth and

annual general conference, gospel: That your faith should not here upon this stand today.

April 6, 1947, in the stand in the of in the wisdom men but

Tabernacle is T know that this is the gospel of Jesus of 2:5.) (I Cor. If there power God.

anything else in life that we can better Christ. I know that this group of

in this in audience, men, are before me afford that to dedicate which have we in that saying without goes do we reality representatives the the of only I the than to are the of and Lord, work I this told. areIT Church what we in up, the group of as world made men that be. not do Cerwhat would know it that never have understood was all are, of professions they coming and it is tainly in to the not be found as this privilege of a membermy is life, all that the of from to say walks I world. exceptional an had have the holding priesthood, toChurch, say this of priesthood Church, can bear who I opportunity, told as of have many Ino. in desire a never have had my this they same know in quarterly conferences your testimony—that youheart other that anything to than do is lives that that the Jesus and God in welfare to the our work, examine I direct. the brethrenwhich While may else Christ. cannot anywhere go You the reasoning understand and minds iffeel things the as that of they some in find the of such world a group and the the philosophy and and weaknesses recently to arehave most asked do me able, teswilling ready, to so and men its in the of counsels, world and by far nevertheless power,beyond so my life tify. I in a docnever have met my strength to the see comparison the and willas give Heavenly Father me my of tor or business or lawyer a a man certainty the the and wisdom and I all shall act to so,the do and power of other other dechurch or any any to that the leaders knowledge come Ithat to belong and have Heavam my that nomination ever testimony a had counsels of our our and from Church Ienly Father. grandfather a had who this to concerning important bear most high. Father Heavenly on disaster. great All that a with verymet

all, of our as knowledge knowledge so, full gratifire. heart of withhe swept And had His my by was away of fulness Saints the of our Latterday

this for humility further tude his and opthoughts the actions at and moment gospel.

I portunity to serve people, the his of told loss hopehe have on been was my of never question been has a a There

I that in blessed pray and be for past minutes, the several may andmind my that in our doubt Heavenly mind my

II ministry that felt the with feel comes wisdom rather as then say must he his Father Christ apand Son Jesus to above, never from tempted be and in to the peared Smith Sacred Joseph... the the gave, hath Lord Lord and rely that the upon which from comes

I I that spot. Grove. have on stood the of the blessedtaken be name away; world.

Lord. (Job 1:21.) I know that after eleven long years haveers ofheardthis Churchthe testimoniesborne there.of theI leadhave

I know that the Lord can take that in this welfare work that if we had defelt with all the feeling there was within away which he giveth, if we give him pended upon the wisdom of the world, my being, that that was the Sacred cause so to do. That we may be the and had let our people go as the world Grove, and that that was where the

recipients of his blessings today but to goes, the time is rapidly approaching gospel of Jesus Christ was again recontinue to be such recipients, we must when they would have no security. stored to mankind in this day and age.

be obedient to his laws and his comThey would have no welfare, because It shall be my hope and my desire that mandments. the philosophies of men by which many I shall ever be worthy in the sight of

Brethren and sisters, my faith in this of our people have been led astray will my Heavenly Father to retain the good gospel is such that I do not confine my fail, whereas that which comes from will and the confidence and the love of obedience alone to that which I find in the Lord will remain with us eternally. these my brethren who have called me

the scriptures, but I believe that our I want to bear you my testimony that into their quorum and that I may be an obedience should be pledged, that of I know that this Church and this people honor and a credit to my family and my every one of us, to every word that are capable of taking care of their own; people and be able to spread the gospel

comes from the mouths of the prophets that there is no need for any of us to of Jesus Christ and to bear this testiand the representatives of our Heavengo beyond the confines of our own mony throughout the world. I pray for

ly Father here upon this earth. To me combined resources, to garner into the this further blessing with the assistance

that which the Presidency of this bishops'storehouses of this Church, all of my Heavenly Father, in the name of

Church have said and say now, is as that we need for ourselves, all that we Jesus. Amen.

MAY 1947 299 NEW LAURELS

en

By LES GOATES SPORTS EDITOR, THE DESERET NEWS

The194647curtainMutualwas rungImprovementdown on Asthe Nineteenthpreme heightsWardto athletesbeat thearoseMaxwellto susociation basketball season on Satbasketeers, 49 to 16. It was one of the

urday evening, March 8, in the historic most gruelling finales in the long history

Deseret Gym with the playing of a of the championships, and few tournachampionship game between the Ninement followers expected the Salt Lake teenth Ward team of the Salt Lake entry to run off with the prize so easily.

Stake and the Maxwell Park Ward Nineteenth got off to a 6-0 lead and aggregation of Oakland Stake, both had a heavy 14 to 2 margin as the first title holders for their respective diviperiod ended. The score at the half was

sions. 24 to 5. A precise and exacting defense,

The honor of leading the largest engineered by Myron Hale, overcame basketball conference in the world was the California goal shooters.

at stake. The fast and versatile Oakland team, fighting valiantly to perpetuAs the best five men in a field that

ate the splendid tradition former Pacific ** totaled more than 10,000, NineCoast teams have established in the allteenth took a long stride toward estabChurch tournament, was up against a lishing a new high standard in scientific smooth and tricky offensive style the basketball. Coach Bennion's boys

like of which it had never before enworked a dazzling fast break and countered through an arduous season's clamped on an ironclad defense, either schedule. Salt Lake Nineteenth, playby zone or manfor-man. It was ening the game of its life, performed like dowed with a galaxy of "hot"shooters,

a basketball team inspired. All the skill led by the veteran Sterling Paul, who

developed in long evenings of laborious paced all point getters throughout the drills directed by Coach Vaughn Bentournament.

nion was brought into play. It was a Generally, all the teams this year

team of destiny and could not be were more skilful, experienced, and betdenied. ter trained. The young men were prac-

"Ten out of Ten Thousand,"the { Continued on page 339

T. R. sponsor; Salisbury, 1946 Virginia right; left, At

sponsor. Clayton, bishop; Phyllis ward former allChurch The from topM toMenbottom:honor team for 1947 cenPayne,to

Wilkins, Frank John Nethercott, Larry row: Back tournament: tennial

Grant Clove, Enterprise; John Wilkins, Maxwell Martinez, Vern Cragun, coach; Ben Cragun, Dean

Wickwire. Carl Marchant, and Glen City Salt Lake NineMann, Hale, Oakland; Myron Ward,

Portland, from Heights team Nineteenth Ward The Colonial Salt City Hale, Lake Ralph teenth Ward;

in profesof engaged composed Oregon, men Twentyseventh was City Salt Lake Dick North, Ward;

Ward. sional occupations. Members of the cage squad and

Nineteenth Ward, Salt Lake City, 1947 allChurch their respective work follows: Left to right, front

champions. Front row, left to right: Bob Thompson, row: Reed Oldroyd, dentist; Gordon Ballantyne, dentBill Jenson, Sterling Paul, Jerry Thompson, Dave ist; Bill Smart, student; George Taylor, physician and

Hale, mascot. Back row: Wilber May, Myron Hale, surgeon. Back row: Grant S. Remington, manager

singer; plant; professional steel of Maurice Moore, Bennion, supervisor; Vaughn Sorenson, Teke M Men

Loftis United Lines Air Jay pilot; and Newquist, (Duff) Clair Marion Empey, and coach; Ralph Hale,

Hanks. Sheffield, Federal Bureau of Investigation agent.

Lorenzo H. Hatch, second assistant general superBelow: With a birthday cake to commemorate the

intendent of the Y.M.M.I. A., presents the champion25th anniversary of the M Men and Gleaner Girls

ship trophy to Vaughn Bennion, coach of the victoriprogram, players, supervisors, officials, and M.I.A.

ous Salt Lake Nineteenth Ward. workers presented a thrilling and spectacular miniaThe Maxwell Park team, Oakland Stake, finished ture pageant at the allChurch tournament on the

second in the allChurch tournament. Front row, left opening night.

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Come Talks to Young People About Current ProblemsjnuuiriiH* By MARY BRENTNALL "T 7T Ton't you please write somehas handicapped you—as any sin does. W \l thing that will hold out a ray All other things being equal you would

of hope to the boy or girl get much farther without that handicap. level has aspects of joy and happiness

who, in a moment of weakness, has And yet we know that people have associated with it. This upward, happy

committed a grievous sin and now, in turned physical handicaps to good acroad is called repentance. It has been

sorrow, feels that there is no hope for count and risen above them. Perhaps fairly well mapped for us.

him here or hereafter."it is also possible to turn moral handiThis is a plea which, in these or caps to good account. HpHE first step in repentance is confessimilarWe havewords,been comesthinkingto usaboutrepeatedly.this for is determinedWhat that by"goodthe measureaccount"ofmightrepentbe forcedsion.ancientModernscripturerevelationon thehasnaturereinsome time, and you may be sure that ance. Repentance has come to seem in of confession, Brigham Young and

thepersonal—forthinking hasif, perhaps,not been weentirelyhave imnot thefrighteningeyes ofdoctrine.many, a Actually,forbiddingit isanda itotherin somemoderndetail.prophetsTheyhavepointexplainedto the

all sinned "grievously,"we have all beautiful and charitable principle of fact that confession, first of all, is sinned and are well aware of the fact. growth, a vital part of the plan of life to ourselves—- the admission within

speculate to might as what One salvation instituted is and Savior hearts of guilt by the and wrongour own if I "grievous,"corand, by meant draw blessing for our and benefit. confession study doing. to our comes Then The

rect inferences, my correspondents and practice of repentance is one of the Father in heaven and seeking his formean unchastity—the sin which has most rewarding efforts in life. It is more giveness. And finally, according to the

labeled been is sin, "next to murder."And than essential confession an to of the part of life nature any that—it this us pause. makes itself. Life has joy nor savor no have wronged. without have others we If we

One of the results of trying to conit. wronged individuals, it entails individduct such a department as this is that it ual confession. If we have wronged

greatly increases our humility before groups or the public, public confession our fellow men and our Father in heavis essential.

en. Who are we to give out "rays of The second step is restitution

to If the "judge hope"? commandment

-"This is the it at all, anything not"means means "righting"fourfold,"of ifwrong.required.

that than any absolve cannot more we is third step the The "turning away all can can condemn. do About wewe it from completely. up

is sin"—giving aspects the point probout of some fourth is the free The forgiving of

of lem and some make suggestions—all others trespass against us. who may

for sinner the can be which done by There be other factors in may repenthimself, for except one thing—the ance, these, at but least, are clearly

of, over, error recognition sorrow and for us. out marked define the They places emotional such sometimes an path of progress, the to forgiveroad

is insinner that the he burden upon ness sins. and remission of capable of directing his own thinking,

incapable of searching for or recognizPerhaps it will help to examine this ing probable answers. It is like the route specifically in regard to the

physical of fever toillness—working sin of It unchastity. would obseem

at but, time, health the samewards vious that the unchaste wrong more

I sufferer. incapacitating the hope, than themselves. Therefore confession

is will therefore, that written here what to have would farther go much than a it will clear that so obviousbe be and admission mere to oneself. Circumall reflection of thinkmerely a honest stances would determine the nature anding. extent of such a confession, but the vast

implications surrounding the seeking of

T et us assume that this article is writforgiveness from the wronged are so ten entirely for the repentant sinner, great as to make both confession and or for someone who wishes to help We all know people who are in good restitution extremely difficult. All poshim. It is not written for the completehealth, but are beginning to break—the sible restitution should certainly bely chaste—except as it may make him man who has eyesight but knows it is made, and it should go far beyond the

grateful for, and encourage him to failing rapidly; the woman who has all selfish desires, plans, or conveniences

maintain, his purity. Nor are these her teeth today but senses that in anof the sinner.

words for the totally unrepentant. They other year she will be minus most of One of the important restitutions one

are directed solely to those who have them. Small things, perhaps, but indicacould make would be to bend every

been unfortunate in making a great mistive of the crumbling of life. And ofteffort in life toward keeping others

take yet are fortunate in recognizing it times, these people are distinctly unhapfrom making the same sorrowful misas such. py because of this deterioration. And take. The impulse to get others to folfirst In the place, exactly gain you and we also know men women who one's low have bad example—to despair.nothing Hopelessness places by have through been illness devastating in company far removed from ownguilt—is It in right devil's the leads illness domain.you brought which perilously them spirit the of repentance and the road

feeds to Sin worse. from closeyou bad on to because they were remission. to case has to come our A death—yet,despondency, mistake one and becomes improving a little, even were happy attention of a in young atwho, man

It is three. evil or the doctrine oftwo rords. beyond effects folsame The w tempting justify to his actions, own

I lost"I once. sinned have anyway, lowing am or decline improvement are dwelt the on strong "natural"impulses

so the what's use!"the pursuance evident in the With moral slightworld. The involved, belittled and the sin to a

this point lost.of of view, are est disintegration of we principle and brother, younger This guilt is double

it the other hand, would seem On matter from high a how the antithesis of restitution. character—no Helping to

perfectly evident that standfrom every blight; sorrow and while keep others level—brings from the making same

justice, ofpoint sin or even the mercy, the pulling from upward a even low (Continued on page 350)

MAY 1947 301 <i THE BPDKEN WDRD "LJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

A A Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio

By RICHARD L EVANS network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

birth, birth, concerning which at of differences and beforeJl an and J4is fSjnee portunities; but beyond all this they are different because

see dramatically the results of which but we know little, we and unmistakably. From earliest infancy differences become

Tt is sometimes cynically said that every man has his price as apparent as likenesses. It might sometimes seem that it

*"—by which it is intended to imply that there is no honor would be easier or more efficient or more convenient for

or honesty, no virtue or verity, no patriotism or principle some purposes, if we didn't have to take these differences that will not be violated or compromised, provided a suffiinto consideration, if we could push all men into the same cient amount is offered. It is regrettably true that many pattern; but no matter whose plan or purpose it would

men have been known to change their views, and even serve to do so, men are different. And anyone who thinks

their socalled convictions for various considerations at that life would be either simplified or enriched by forcing various times. It is regrettably true that men have been men into a fixed pattern is running contrary to the nature

known to sell their influence, to barter their votes, and of things as they are. We would do well to start at the

even to perjure themselves, for profit or preferment. It is point of recognizing the differences as well as the likenesses,

regrettably true that men have been known to bargain with knowing that the world is enriched by both. One difference

the most sacred things in life, even to becoming traitors that becomes apparent early in life is that some are better to themselves, their friends and families, their principles, able to take care of themselves than others. And if we were

their country, and their God. But to assume that every to discourage those who can take care of themselves, they

man has a price is a cynical assumption. To assume this would be less able to make provision for those who cannot.

is to assume that any man will do anything and that the To destroy the incentive or to revoke the right of an able only question involved is "how much."But fortunately this person to do his best is to impede the progress of the

is unproved and unprovable—which is why we are able world and of all who live in it. Let him who can run

to do business in this world as well as we are able to do it. faster, do so; and let him who cannot, stand by and applaud

Fortunately, there are and always have been many men the performance; for standards are never raised as high as

of honor who have resolutely resisted every inducement they could be except as men are allowed to use their greatest to dishonor and who have proved themselves to be beyond gifts in free and fullest measure. Let him who can, do the

price in matters of principle. To assume otherwise is an best he can; and he who can't will still live in a world that

affront to every sincere patriot and to every man who has is richer than if he had restrained someone else from doing given his life in a cause he believed in, an affront to every his best.

martyr of history and to every pioneer of progress who—March 9, 1947.

ever outfaced prejudice or persecution, an affront to every honest and honorable man who turns in a lifelong perthere which, thank devotion of God, formance to duty—of Oiker5 that he can are buy On!mprovma any cynic many. And who assumes

injustice the and is doing world an anything or anyone feel dissatisfacof us at times most a wholesome Perhaps for price the fortunately only the world an apology; owes

it ourselves, tion but that with seem would more we is price of the abpurchases be can made at which some feel failures dissatisfaction the often impatience and with fidelity to principle. integrity solute honesty and and And to faults of others. set about have and someone we When

so, life in this world be little worth would except it were it isn't for us, us if it often something annoys done as do living. are perturbed when decisions.—March 2, 1947. wellothersas makewe thinkwhat itseemshouldto usbe.to Webe wrong We

are annoyed when we see someone else miscarry an opportunity or miss the mark in any activity. Most of us en \-J4re Milke—and <J-Jirferent are inclined to do our share of sideline coaching and to

be critical of those who are doing the playing. It isn't easy

Tn dealing with the problems of men there are two apto sit by and watch someone else fumble, when we are proaches that might be made. One is that all men are convinced that we could do what he is doing in less

alike; the other, that all men are different. Both together time, with greater skill. At times it is difficult for us to let

are true; either without the other is false. All men are alike even our children learn by doing because our fingers are

in many things, and all men are different in many things. itching to do for them what we know we can do better

Men are different partly because of differences in environthan they. But every man and every child must have his

ment and experience, partly because of differences in opopportunity to think, to decide, and to do. Life has to be

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMPLE BDURRE

learned by all of us. If only the skilful and the able were ices and attentions they need. It may be mechanically more

permitted to perform, there would be no chance for anyefficient under some circumstances to sacrifice men in order one else to become skilful or able. With some exceptions, to save money, machines, and materials. Also, we somealmost anyone can learn to make his own way in life and to times hear that dictatorships are more efficient than democbe useful in his own generation. But the most successful racies. But let us not become worshipers of a word. Let

leaders of men are those who discover early that there is us first face the question: efficient for whom and for what

no good purpose in putting square pegs into round holes. purpose and to what end—efficiency for making free men

Men have different gifts and abilities, different ambitions or merely for moving masses? If it isn't efficient for man's

and objectives, and we shall save ourselves much disapgood, we want no part of it whether it carries the label of pointment if we learn to quit expecting racehorse performefficiency or not. It is the avowed purpose of the Lord

ance where there isn't racehorse capacity. We have to God, his work and his glory, "to bring to pass the imtake men as we find them and help them to be useful accordmortality and eternal life of man,"and efficiency that does

ing to their capacity—and not according to ours. We shall not move toward this purpose, toward the happiness and

never find anyone who will do anything exactly as we development, toward the salvation and exaltation of manwould do it. Nor would the Lord God do it exactly as we kind, is efficiency miscarried.

would do it—but he respects our honest efforts. And should—March 23, 1947:

we become too impatient in our search for perfection in others, perhaps we can bridle our impatience with the reminder of these quoted lines:—Mccwdinqccuiina C-cKovticience

if selfjudgment "And in you find "\TETe often see men of much promise who move ahead in to others superior, deeds are Your

To you has Providence been kind, life so far and then seemingly fail to fulfil their promAs you should be to those inferior. ise. We often see men who, from all outward indications,

Example sheds a genial ray would seem to have much that makes for happiness, inOf light, which men are apt to borrow, centive, and purpose, but who nevertheless lapse into listSo, first, improve yourself today lessness, unrest, and even into deep despondency. SomeAnd then improve your friends tomorrow."thing happens, the cause of which may not always be

—Anonymous apparent to the casual observer, but the retarding results

of which are unmistakably apparent. Of course, there are "Revised

-March 16, 1947. many possible reasons why men fail to fulfil the full

promise of their powers and possibilities. For some it is

is miscasting, being forced circumstances by to too labor(LsfHciencu—to lA/kat f-umoie: ill health; for some, discrimination by others; for some it long in work for which they are is it not fitted; for some

too responsibility much too soon, too a heavy that burden ourselves that permit to everything assumeCometimes we breaks the spirit, the it or back before has been seasoned*"'call the qualities the of has same name same by we for stress; it such for is the some misfortune of losing loved It is ifcharacter. as almost knowing one whose man name ones; for the faithlessness some friends. of more many Andis all like that are conclude John, him. named men John we reasons might mentioned. be But the infrequent among

Its for "efficiency."example, the variousConsider word fluences that retard in realizing full men their effectiveness

all definition of boil getting things toshades done down are that those involve matters of conscience. have Men least effort, the time,with expenditure energy, of money, often live learned to reasonably content illness with physical

it it ismaterial, or takes to whatever whatever do want we or handicap; have many become philosophical conevendone. feel scarcely one to the quesever need would Now cerning infidelity the friends; of many have reconbecome desirability thetion universal of yet, such word. a And ciled grief the to that the comes with loss of loved ones. circumstances, efficiencyunder mere mechanical some may But live can at none peace with accusing an conscience. ignore higher thecompletely values. juke box, human A unrest that The with comes inner an accusation or withfor efficient in example, mechanically be more much may the shadowing fear of impending disgrace cuts cruelly more tired practisingblaring tunes out a than the piano. on boy than physical failure or the other that sorrows befall us.

littleIt effort to takes get of a out music a much boy who clear a conscience With a can face man any accuser or ball. playing rather are there potential be values Butwould any combination of accusers, including hostile even a pubin persisting juke a nothing with with has a which box boy lic opinion. But without clear a conscience he cannot even itin travel, mechanically be more common. men may When face himself or his loved ones. purchase The price of suchefficient cattle into to cars instead of comfortthem crowd peace of high, it is mind be but may bargain, always a for

is this "efficient"inable coaches. terms not But of human

it attain must have to full we effectiveness and happiness selfrespect. ofdignity comfort matter a and and mere As

life. in It belongs to those have earned the right to who

it efficient all to clothingmechanics, be more in make may live free of the fear of any or outward accusation. inward pattern, build to of barracks insteadthe houses, to same

put men on a sort of human assembly line for all the servCopyright, 1947. -March 30, 1947.

MAY 1947 303 than the leader who has been placed over us. We

o55e55ion see his shortcomings, his foibles, and we tend to discount the good qualities that have recommended 'T'o possess religion, not merely to profess it, was him to the position for which he has been set apart, the challenge by Brigham Young to the first an indication that the Lord has been sought to give

Pioneer party in May one hundred years ago. him a special blessing.

Under a cloudy sky, on a wet, cold morning, in As followers of these inspired leaders we should the Scottsbluff Country, now Nebraska, he reask for additional wisdom that we may be inspired stated the eternal doctrine that knowledge alone followers. The ultimate success of leadership dedoes not save; only when used in God's service pends on the nature of the people led. For all of

does it flame high to illumine the way to happiness us who live faithfully, there is at once opportunity here and hereafter. to be both followers and leaders in the Church, for

Thenceforth, after this memorable address, with each must follow in some respects and lead in lives more nearly conforming to God's law, swolothers. Unfortunately, we do not always realize

len rivers were crossed and wagons dragged up that to develop the characteristics of intelligent steep mountainsides, with new courage. The leadership, we must cultivate equally well the abildrudgery of the trek, its toil and hardships, were ity to follow.

forgotten in the faith that they, the Pioneers, as We pray—and rightly—for the Lord to bless

masters of their appetites, were working out, howour leaders. We should likewise pray that when

ever dimly, the purposes of Almighty God. this heightened vision has been imparted to them,

With new eyes they saw that they were to we as followers may be given the wisdom and the wrest an empire from the desert first for the glory good judgment and the desire to follow in the path of God, then, last and least, for their own temporal which they indicate.

good. In the vision of their coming pioneer homes While the great need of the Church is good

they saw arising mighty temples of the Lord. They leaders, we might do well to pray that we may also

learned to understand that only a clean, obedient be good followers.—M. C. /.

people could make such a vision come true. As

they grew in mastery of self, dread and fear vanished; hope and trust made every task an easy one.

Every day became covered with splendor. nown When

President Young's message is as much for us of today as it was for those of the past. We have cLehi oLeft dienidalemItern:i?

work to do in taming the present deserts of unbelief and sordid lives; and it must be done in HThe Book of Mormon states that the blade of Laban's

steel."(I Nephi most precious * sword was of "the simple acceptance of God's commands, in the

steel that writers have objected 4:9.) AntiMormon spirit of partnership with God. was not known at that time, about 600 B.C.

The chasm between profession and possession This is historically incorrect. The use of iron by the

is as wide as eternity. Blessed is he who really human race goes back thousands of years. The qualities

possesses by daily use of them, the truths that make of iron, and therefore the uses to which it can be put, up our religion. ].A.W. are largely determined by its content of carbon.

Wrought iron contains less than threetenths of one percent of carbon; steel contains as high as two and

onefourth percent of carbon; and cast iron contains as

rndplred jroltowina high as five percent of carbon. In modern iron furnaces,

is controlled, quantity of so that wrought carbon HTo Latterday Saints the question of leadership the iron, at will. cast steel, or be produced The iron may

has always been of utmost importance. Our crude methods of iron extraction in early days, often in

Church has been especially fortunate to have men open fires, offered no such control. Yet, it cannot be

at its head who have been blessed with unusual doubted that steel was often formed, and became recleadership. Our Presidents, from /the time of the ognized. It is certain that much of the earliest iron was

restoration of the gospel to the present, have been steel. Homer, the poet, writing in the ninth century

men who not only possessed innate powers that before Christ, made use of a simile, in one of his bestmade it easy for them to attract people to them, but known passages, drawn from the method of hardening they also received inspiration that intensified their steel. The National Geographic Magazine for Februinherent qualities. ary 1944, describes King Solomon's smelting works, for

The concern of Latterday Saints must be our iron and other metals, B. C. The translators of King James Bible found it necesown ability to follow the paths indicated by our sary to use the word "steel"in making clear the meaning

leaders. Sometimes our leaders indicate that the of the Old Testament writers, and the word occurs

ways we go are not good ways, At such times several times in periods long before the migration of there is temptation to think that we know more Lehi.—/. A. W.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BENTENNIRL

Afou/ the

f\ -fv DESERT WAS TAMED M I5u <JJr. /4okt% v. [AJlatioe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Part V "The religion embraced by the LatterTf day Saints, if only slightly understood,

Chapter 9 More Than Bread prompts them to search diligently after knowledge. There is no other people in

see, hear, learn, 1 It workingwas 1836,dayin Kirtland,was over.Ohio.BrighamThe existenceand understandmore eagertruth."to

Young was walking to the newly Indeed, the Church to which the dedicated temple, the first built by the pioneers belonged was not a year old

Church. There, others joined him, before provisions were made for the

some of them coming pioneers of Salt education of children. Always from

Lake valley. They climbed the two the beginning, arrangements were made fl

flights of stairs to the classrooms on the for study organizations of mature peothird and attic floor. Throughout the ple. Historically, the Church was a

evening they studied grammar, arithforerunner of the cause of adult educametic, history, and other subjects of a tion which is now well established common education, with Greek and among civilized people. A university

Hebrew added. They were going to was projected and organized for the

school after a day's hard work, becity of Nauvoo. Its comprehensive and

cause to gain knowledge was all imliberal charter well be may placed by V portant. similar the side of any of document

In those days on the American fronthe day.

tier many were denied a formal educaHThe converts added to the first piotion such as schools now give. Instead, neer groups by the vigorous proseat the mother's knee, and by the hearth lyting efforts of the Church, were in

fire, reading and numbers were learned; the main welltaught persons from

and then followed, according to each other countries. In fact, both from

person's nature, reading of the books American and European sources were that were current among the people. many who had received a higher educaThe love of learning welled high tion, some with college degrees, a most

among the people who were to invade unusual possession in those days.

the western deserts. Their philosophy The notable fact was, however, that

of life placed learning high among the the very nature of the faith espoused affairs of life. required knowledge; and, learning and J

more learning became the objective of

Teach ye diligently and my grace shall the pioneers.

that attend you, be instructed you may more Thus, within two months of the enin in principle, in doctrine, perfectly theory, in the law of the gospel, in all things that trance into the Salt Lake valley, Miss pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are Mary Jane Dilworth formed a class, expedient for you to understand; and began formal work in education.

Of things both in heaven and in the earth, Richard Ballantyne on December 9, and under the earth; things which have 1849, set up the Sunday Schools of the

been, things which are, things which must valley, now grown to hundreds of shortly come to pass; things which are at thousands of members. Public schools

are the things abroad; home, wars which fostered as continuously were the

nations, of the perplexities the and and the industo yield to the desert was made land; are the judgments which a and on

knowledge also of countries and of kingtry of the pioneers.

doms—(D. & C. 88:78, 79.) Three years after the arrival of the

first pioneer company, by legislative

The dramatic picture of the bearded, act (1850), the University of Deseret, hardhanded toilers studying in the Kirtnow the University of Utah, was land Temple, after days of toilsome founded. It became the first university

work, is but an evidence of the eager west of the Missouri.

desire of the people for learning. ( Concluded on page 306

In the words of Brigham Young, brigham Young, Discourses, 1943 edition, p. 247

MAY 1947 305

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED ( Concluded from page 305 Architecture was not forgotten. <#N%

Tn the earliest compilation of territorial "The old stake tabernacles and laws, the first act provides for ward houses built in obedience to the form, of proportion, laws and design, settlements could roads, the by which?] their perfection of workmanship, the with reached, and andbe established

second, for the establishment of the are evidences again for a love of beauUniversity of Deseret (now, Utah). It ty, which always accompanies truth

is almost inconceivable that a people and the things of God. in the heart of a desert, the conquest of Many tried their hand at writing. I8|f47

which had barely begun, and amidst Prose and poetry of a high order are <<s days of toil and more toil, should make found in the newspapers and magazines education almost their first concern. of the day. hi sc<2

As in Ohio and Missouri days, orEducation as conceived by the pioganizations outside the formal schoolneers included the training of all the room were formed for the benefit of powers of man. However, it must have Five thousand Boy Scouts and

are Seniors plans to parmaking aspect. the now a practical It must be for old. Lectures were frequentandyoung

the in Centennial Pioneer diticipate Scout Therefore of man. it must be history, science, good literature,ly given on

to be held affairs. from July 2125, 1947, rectly useful in daily Camp This is like. sotheand The "polysophical"

City. in Salt Lake well illustrated Young's in Brigham allcieties of years, swept the pioneer

learning into their programs. Learning deeds of gifts in founding educational

was loved in those pioneer days. institutions, in which he specifically

mentions "mechanism"and practical '"The program and activities comthe schools homes, pioneer Into and education. mittee is developing of the camp mostly, log cabins magawhich were pioneers also recreation held The to a full program. Their and interestingzines team ox by came and books educational, for the it developed and be

of wisely wagons. Hundredscovered indicate the plans for troops atpresent nature emotional of men. they And

freightedselected books were the following day by day tentative sang, games, otherdanced, across tended and 'Fifties plains to form in the earlythe wise engaged in healthful and recreaprogram first library University of thethe activities. of tional

(then, Deseret).Utah Two remaining

globes, the other Above all, however, they believed July 21—Assignment of campsite, pitchhuge one terrestrial,

celestial, are tangible evidences of the that schools should provide spiritual tents, set up troop and section exhibits, pioneer love of learning. education. They were much afraid of build camp gateways, prepare camp in

the results in character building if the scoutlike fashion. No doubt they will autoThe statement of Joseph Smith that spiritual natures of peope were not matically start the most popular of all

in ignorance,"be saved"no man can fed developed and sports, that during the formajamboree of "change"—swapreligious ignorance ofpresumably life. truth, tive years of school trading neckerchief slides and ping and

was made to apply to mundane affairs. The educational impetus of the piotrinkets from one section of the country for

In the midst of the battle with the neer years is felt to the present day. those of another. The evening program

desert, one must increase in knowledge The Latterday Saints lead any other will consist of a gigantic campfire.

learnin of progressive beand the way the sights of seeing and in day world, all the of like numbers, group July 22—Aing, activities else the of the day country: surrounding of the are in standing. educational in wonders lead WaThey

performed in the dark, and may bethe number of high school and college satch geological wonders, Bingham open cut come chaotic, harmful, and dangerous. students, in the number holding acamine, a swim in Great Salt Lake, a visit to

Therefore, the pioneer leader, Brigdemic degrees, bachelors and masters the Centennial Exposition, and the state ham Young, insisted from the pulpit of science and arts, and doctors of capitol. In the evening they will attend the

upon the mental training of the people medicine, science, and philosophy. It centennial music drama.who were gathering in the nearcon- is a notable, unparalleled record. July 23—"Centennial Scout Camp on

quered desert. Such educational desire explains Parade"complete with thirty bands and

floats, will to the demonstration be a world the of success pioneers. the of much arts to creative conceived were The the the of leadership of Jesus which Church little ever so Mingle sound knowledge education. part of a abe There was the in Christ Saints of Latterday has taken affairs, practical with land whether on of wrestlers theselove beauty among will scouting program. followed be This by in sea, climates, arid or or matters wet desert. dresses thewith grim Women's recital special the in a organ and program spiritual, material in far or or from attire bear those days from men'sand inSalt world Tabernacle, famous Lake is civilization, centers of success andsilent color, form, to of the witness love national, regional, troducing and Church to follow. bound This understood was fitness.and in leaders scouting presentawell-prepared a pioneers. the Therefore, educationby

The love of beauty moved naturally al endeavor was held in high repute. tion. Later, participation in a service

into the field of music. In Salt Lake Without it, bread would be tasteless. capacity in the centennial commission pawill the highlight of the story rade which in settlements smaller theCity and is also understood This peoples by settlement of Utah. singingthere choirs and were many the Literacy, over. world banishing sunrise gathering Julygroups. Careless, George whose 24—Inspirational ignorance the superstisucceeding and all Hill for Scouts. ParSenior Donner on treatment ofmelodious hymns many is tion, the of every bulwark now in Is ticipation the the "This Place"monuis people, the loved London by was of civilized philosophy government. at the dedication of ment Emigramouthtrained. Others, of the voice with the recent efforts educational Witness tion In afternoon the Canyon. "open an in souls, their musicalmusic developed in Russia, achievements and Japan, and will the the of schedule with house be camp"talent territory. the throughout Good in countries other education which was interfor friends opportunity those an and music.people love

slight formerly given attention. The to ested the see to witness and camp many

Naturally, also, the field of pictorial strength of the United States no doubt Scout demonstrations. The centennial paart was entered; William Majors, is drawn from the practice, under the rade again in the evening.

C. C. A. Christensen, Dan Weggeland law, of universal education.

were in the early procession of comThe desert could not have been conMay 15, 1947, is the deadline date petent artists. Later artists are under quered had the pioneers not loved eduto make application for attendance.

obligation to the pioneer outreaching cation in all its various forms. Take care of this detail now through

for the artistic beauty. (To be continued) your local council office.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ly in health the and education. welfare forward go with program

it will some extent of the pioneering moveand live it now, be because MARION G. pioneer in many other fields, particular- a hundred years ago; that if we do not To

ments of the Church have followed a our selfishness and greed, and the Lord common pattern. Usually a present will take the program away from us; ROMNEY need has been felt, to meet which divine and that in such case the members of

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve guidance has been sought and received, the Church a hundred years from now and always the solution has struck at will look back upon our day with the

Address delivered at the Sunday the fundamental issues of the problem realization of the fact that we could morning session of the 117th involved, so that in the process not only have brought in a millennium if we had annual general conference, has the immediate need been met, but but lived this law. When we live it,

April 6, 1947, in the the building of the kingdom of God has then only will swords be beat into

Tabernacle also been advanced. plowshares and that day of peace arSince pioneering is a continuous rerive.

sponsibility the of it LatterChurch, characterized as President we Grant SISTERS, Would you AND ifBROTHERS to Saints true are of today, day we

.. if. test think, blood could of greatest the you imone most and my professions, heritage also our and must

underever things the portant has feel heartbeat, Church pressure and my I are. pioneers, that believe and we over. put to taken is I the to going saythat what am in the here heard Friday welfare beWe in this conferthat thing counntsonly of section report, annual the of something prowelfare the development The

I that illusions on under noence. am of pattern. has during accomplished been the usual what followed has gram

I like toscore, but would however, its is last it first the ten of years place, and under In what the emerged now

I with in harmony say behave what current pressing present of a out name

I this spirit occasion, great and ofthe criticism need. has been some There

faith like prayand to your havewould it if of this of the function point, as on

I here. standers while the to deal with not probChurch was

A great deal has been said in this lems of the day. But how can it be a

the welfare already aboutconference light the not deal it does to world if

I the pioneers. aboutprogram and the plague the with which problems

thoughts get able to been nothave my world?

subjects, so Ioff great and these two dealing a with Church was The both. talk I shall them aboutthink it the present undertook problem when

This entire centennial year we are great westward trek a century ago.

appropriately dedicating to the honor The Prophet Joseph was dealing with and memory of our pioneer fathers who a current question when he received his a century ago arrived in these mounfirst vision, for others in the community tain valleys after a long and tedious in which he lived, as well as he, wonjourney. Truly, they played well their dered which of the contending sects

important role in the great pioneering had the truth. It was not the nature of

drama of this last dispensation. the problem but what was done about

But that drama did not begin or end it, which set the Prophet apart from with the taming of the wilderness and his fellows and marked him as a piothe subjugation of the desert, for the neer.

Church is commissioned to hold up a In the second place, the welfare plan light to the world and a standard for was inspired by the Lord and is divineits members in all things pertaining to ly led. President Grant, the prophet

living the eternal andrighteous it the established welfare through Lord whom this abundantLord madeof men. The present under its considered name, so

said: in 1831, he clear whenly March it. President has Smith Albert George

I everlasting covesent mine have... to it referred as great the "Lord's welto a light into world, the to benant Assistant to the the Elder Marion G. Romney, fare PresiClark, program."President people, for to a standardworld, be and my Council of the Twelve

and for the Gentiles to seek to it, and to be dent McKay, and Elder Harold B. Lee

a messenger before my face to prepare the of the Council of the Twelve, all men way before me. (D. & C. 45:9.) being done in Church welfare. After who stood close to President Grant in

thinking of these activities in connecthe early days of this program, have

The everlasting covenant spoken of tion with the pioneer movements of testified that it was inspired of the in this revelation is the gospel of Jesus the Church, I am persuaded that the Lord, as have others of these men

Christ, and the keys of the gospel have Church today is meeting its pioneering whom we sustain as prophets, seers, been committed to the Church. Conresponsibility through its welfare proand revelators. Of course, acceptance

I it believe and before carry and gram,tinuous that if we divine of it as being of origin has not its full possibilities, to shall forward to follow wepreparingpioneering—goingthe way for others universal. truth been ever was No—is therefore the inescapable responaccomplish a pioneer task in our day accepted when first revealed. so

sibility of the Church. Its overall pioand time equal to the one accomplished

neering assignment, as the revelation by the pioneers of 1847. T call to mind a visit from a venerable

states, is to prepare the way for the brother who came to my office some second advent of the Redeemer. T believe, as President Clark has said, three years ago to protest what some

that through the welfare program the of the brethren had said about Church "R7[uch pioneering was done before the Church is attempting to abide by the welfare. In the course of the conversaSaints crossed the plains; and a second commandment, "Thou shalt tion he said he had emigrated to Utah

beginning was made even before the love thy neighbour as thyself"(Matduring the administration of President

Church was organized, for a flood of thew 22:39); that the Lord tried to Wilford Woodruff because that prophnew light and knowledge burst upon bring his people to this condition et of the Lord had advised it. He

the world in the Prophet's first vision, through the United Order but was unthought President Woodruff spoke by before which the narrow frontiers of able to do so and had to take the the inspiration of God. He also

sectarian ignorance fell back in hopeUnited Order from us; that the records thought that President Snow and Presless rout. Surely, the Prophet Joseph will show that the reason was the ident Joseph F. Smith so spoke. I asked

Smith was a mighty pioneer in obtainselfishness and greed of the people; that him if he thought President Grant, who

ing a knowledge of God and of relihad the people lived the United Order, was, at the time of our conversation, gious truth. The Church has been a we could have had a millennium then, [Concluded on page 308)

MAY 1*4/ 307

MARION G. ROMNEY T doubt NOT but that thousands of you 'T'hus the Church, through its welfare

are within of the sound who program, only is not my meeting the truthful ( Concluded from page 307 voice can bear witness from immediate of supplying problem the the President of the Church, spoke by your own experiences that the program necessities of life for its members, adthe inspiration of the Lord, and he said, is divinely led, and I testify that all the ministering to them according to their "I think he ought to keep his mouth rest of you can have that witness for need,but also at the same time it is buildwelfare questions."shut about yourselves will follow the if you ading the of kingdom by pioneering God

It is difficult to profess acceptnot so monition given with respect by Moroni in rich which all men, a way and poor ance of the dead prophets. The real to the Book of Mormon. (See Moroni alike, may be brought together as one

test comes on the acceptance of what 10:4,5.) in love and unity. Certainly, the Church

that requires livingthe for ones say; this in it is going before work and preneither adds to nor And although

sincerity theabsolute courage and paring others a to follow. of detracts divine origin way for from the of the

convictions.one's It is

And right here, lest I forget it, let me plan,showingit is avisitorscommonthroughexperience,Welfarewhile holdingard for itsupmembersa light toandthe forworld,the Gentilesa standparenthetically pass along to you, my Square, to hear them express surprise, to seek to attain.

sisters, the tens ofbrethren by and who if actual not at the amazement, prothere are the Gentiles among And of the the heard voicethousands have its and accomplishments, to gram and light, those are seeking such a and who in the welfare have and programLord their hear express them conclusions it. some a glimpse of caught have Reit true carrying are as onaccepted and that short nothing religious of a motive cently industrialist an to has come who I tribute. expresspioneers, to you my great spiritual faith a and could induce establish to inmanufacturing Utah a sincere appreciation.my to people carry such an endeavor. on first dustry, told that thing the which me I this of connection, In record have

it attracted to statein him the things, does the other Utah was As Church special deserve people men-3,088 who its in President of ment the through welfare strikes middle Grant at program belief theirtion. that of the strength On thirties, calling the issues fundamental upon Church underlying the members is plan, the Lord'sthe welfare program

idleness, the to of avoid curse solved, is to for problems the eschew be Church discontinued of and 1,729 have them the full dole, give It day's for a opportunist. never an does not a deal work refrained acof have from 1,359 them

in day's half in living their pay, preserve measures. and solve liquor the To all relief, treagainst a publiccepting

the it thrift, virtues evils, industry, pioneer of tobacco and teaches Church to private pressure public andmendous selfrespect. to that and said abstain those members the use from of He

it. letter to bishop's atake me From statements rallylike liquor to tobacco. sounded a and solution him of the The I fol28, the quote 1947,of January

call ing is disintegreat to in of a leader social disease a chastity Church and:lowing civilization. grating virtue. his reeliminate war, the Such was Church To

A check of the ward records shows me would substitute for hate in the hearts action to the battle cry of God's living that there have been thirtyfive people who of men, and for force, love and meekprophet.

old the either taking stoppedhave age ness. sisters, brothers and Now, how my plan's the it since refused orpension have

in this pioneergo modern The Church does likewise in its welfar shall we six other are also fanvinception. There

ilies who have accepted the Church profare program. It affords an opportunity ing work? Shall we succeed? The angram, each of them being eligible for more for its members, while receiving the swer to these questions depends upon

than a hundred dollars a month of governhelp they need, to preserve and develop how much faith and courage you and I ment money. Of the fortyone mentioned, within themselves through selfeffort, have. You will recall that at the time

who have refused government aid or dole, those pioneer virtues of industry and President Grant characterized it as ten. receives one helping only are Onlywe thrift the greatest of the priceless are important "one most and which possesall exceptall sustenance; are working her things sions selfrespecting of the undertaken ever has every person Church fortyis All present problem. ourone, who

it will to are over,"put indispensable to he added: and which man's "And I help. sincerely received some haveone

believe that the support received by these eternal progression. In this way the be put over because we have the abilpeople which has meant the most, is moral Church would conquer idleness and inity and the power to do it."

fine acceptedsupport. people have These exalt the dolence and poor, saving them I self, single persuaded For am my

help, while of and guaranteethe Church the awful from the degradation of tem- I all in see the of hear from and world promise,leaning that ahead gone have on political spiritual poral and bondage I inspiration today, as enjoy such and largely, their resources and veryon own into the of the panaceas world, which that the witness, bears to a same me lives. living useful happy,are

Financially, we have had to ask for apwhich neglect the development of these continuation of our way of life is conproximately three hundred dollars from the fundamental virtues, inevitably lead. tingent upon a triumph in the lives of

stake and the Presiding Bishopric during To finance its welfare plan, the men of the principles of thought and the past year, but since we have had three Church accepts the free will offerings action implemented by the welfare plan.

thefunerals severe from and group among I outultimate the consecrations about doubt services in cash and feel no and still it. feelsickness, about good we in the the people, come. Godfearing If our of unknowns are volunme who To fast offering, to honestpeople were an pay

it will are time equation tarily the take seeking to and subscribe to the Masspare. to should hundreds have hadwe

ter's admonition to love one's neighbor how much suffering will be required to

The import of the figures given in this as oneself. bring us to obedience. For the Lord

letter is tremendous. Of fortyone perhas said his "... people must needs be

sons who were receiving public relief, chastened until they learn obedience"thirtyone of them are now selfsus- to these principles, "if it must needs be, taining. Only one of the remaining ten by the things which they suffer."(D. &

needs to be wholly supported. From the C. 105:6.)

resources of this one ward in fast offerHe also makes it clear that this obeings and welfare contributions and dience must come as a prerequisite to through the welfare storehouse, plus the redemption of Zion. (See D. &. C.

dollarsjust three hundred from some 105:1-6.) that none of us doubts And

offerings, fast the publicother ward's

It is Zion therefore redeemed. will be

are being fundswelfare $2,175.00 saved

a month, or $26,100 a year. You yourabundantly clear that the Church,

self may compute what it would mean through its welfare plan, is pursuing its by way of a saving from public welfare overall pioneering assignment of being funds if every ward and stake in the a messenger before the face of the

Church made the welfare program Lord, preparing the way for his glorious function fully. Here indeed is a praccoming. God grant that we shall not

tical demonstration of the inspiration falter, I pray in the name of Jesus of the plan. Christ. Amen.

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and counseled with some of the leaders-

E. and decided to go north, perhaps as THOMAS far as Cache valley, but when they arrived in Ogden at the junction of the

Weber and Ogden rivers and saw those McKAY large cottonwood trees that looked so

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve beautiful and inviting, both families decided to make their new homes in Ogit den; that father there and was my

at delivered Address the Saturday first for the time, sitting mother saw my session morning the 117th of of her tongue covered on the wagon, annual general conference, and his face would always beam when

April 5, 1947, in the he would add, "and I never forgot her."

Tabernacle They waited until she was in her seventeenth year before they married. They

President Smith, counselors, my went up through scenic Ogden canyon, brethren and sisters, I was imsettled in Ogden valley, one of the pressed by the opening prayer of Elder Thomas F. McKay, Assistant to the beauty spots of the world, and built

this session and especially by the inCouncil of the Twelve together their new home in Huntsville.

spirational music furnished by the BrigIt was here that ten children were born ham Young University chorus, and to that beautiful blackeyed, stately, also by the two very timely and apThey know those who are unemployed now angel mother. When they had five

difficulties other having and arepropriate and children, disease, that dread diphtheria, sermons to which we have report to the bishop. them I recommendlistened. the valley spread through the surand

I have missed at this conference my this method to all bishops. I am sure rounding towns. In those days these

brother and colleague, Elder Alma that many of your problems would be contagious diseases were real plagues.

Sonne, now president of the European simplified and you would not be so More than twenty young people died of as overworked are now, you many I inMission, sisthat hope, winter; Huntsville brethren alone and and among

if use teachers as your you would wardters, that sisters, will forget him, eldest not that you them Margaret, our two you will pray for him and those presithe Lord intended that they should be eleven, and Lena, nine. They died

dents who are working with him. He used, to watch over the Church always. within a few days of each other and

needs our prayers. He is a great leader were buried in the same grave. They

and is the right man in the right place. A nother feature of this conference had been such a comfort and help to

Last Saturday and Sunday, March that appealed to me very much was Mother, that Father, who was always, 29 and 30, I had the privilege of atthe large number of nonmembers, so considerate of her wellbeing, tending the Los Angeles Stake quarterfriends and investigators of the stake grieved over their loss even more than ly conference. In some respects it was missionaries in attendance. After the Mother; he found it difficult to adjust

outstanding. They had 47} percent two general sessions, some of the mishimself. It was just a few weeks after

of the priesthood at their nine o'clock sionaries brought quite a number of this tragedy that he received his call session. Fiftynine percent of the ward these nonmembers to the front, and I to go on a mission. He would go, of

teachers were there. It had been prehad the privilege of shaking hands and course. No other thought entered his

viously announced that a roll would be talking with them. One young man was mind, but to go now and leave my

called of the wards at one of the genespecially interested in missionary mother in her delicate condition with eral sessions; the night session, when work. He had traveled quite exthree small children, seven, five, and

the roll was called, showed the largest tensively. Two of the members of the three years old, seemed impossible.

attendance ever held in the evening presidency especially are very close He decided after worrying about this twentyfive percent of the entire memfriends of mine, and they had been a matter for a few days to ask for a year's bership was there. They have had little extravagant in telling these nonpostponement. When he told Mother

larger numbers in their 10:30 a.m. sesmembers of the number of missions what he intended to do, she appreciated

sion. One of the wards had fortyeight that I have spent in Europe, and this of course that it was out of considerapercent of its membership at that eveyoung man said, "You certainly have tion for her that he didn't want to

ning session. I asked one bishop how devoted quite a number of years of leave home then. But her black eyes

he did it. He said the ward teachers your life to the Church, and I am sure sparkled as she said kindly, but firmly,

deserved most of the credit. He has it has cost a tidy sum of money."I "David, the Lord wants you now, not

them organized, not more than five said, "Yes, but when I think of the a year from now, and he can take care families to each pair of teachers. Durwonderful home life in these beautiful of me just as well when you're in

ing the month of March in their visits, valleys of the mountains, and contrast Scotland as he can if you are at my the junior member who is, as a rule, a conditions here with conditions in Eubedside. You go now."

priest or an ordained teacher, extended rope, I am still in debt, yes, very much a special invitation from the bishop for in debt to the Lord."I told him of the 'HPhey had excavated in the fall preall to attend this conference. He took missionary system of our Church, how paratory to building an addition to

the names of those who needed transfrom the beginning we have sent mistheir home in the spring. That, of

portation and furnished these names to sionaries into all the world as the course, would have to wait. My father

the chairman of the adult Aaronic Savior did when he was here in person; remembered too, that he had not paid

Priesthood transportation committee. how two of these missionaries away up his tithing on his wheat. He generally

This junior member also checked at in the highlands of Scotland found my paid his tithing on his grain when he the conference to see who of their father as a young man and his parents; threshed, but for some reason, a shortmembers were there, and those who how two others in Wales called at the age of sacks, I think, he had not paid

were not, and at the next visit he will home of my mother, then a small girl, his tithing on his wheat, so he decided have something to talk about, praising and her parents; how both families to go to the granary and arrange for it.

those who were there and telling those joined the Church about the same time, With the first bucketful of wheat that who were not what they had missed. crossed the ocean, the same year, but he dipped, he struck the floor of the

This procedure, I understand, is folin different vessels; how they spent a bin. He was shocked! He thought, "If

lowed also at the ward conferences few months in the East preparing for I pay my tithing, my family will not and the sacrament and the priesthood their thousand mile trek across the have sufficient wheat for spring seedmeetings. The teachers keep track of plains with oxen and covered wagons; ing and for flour until the next harthe members of the families under their how they crossed these plains the same vest."The thought started to enter his

supervision who are absent, especially year but in different companies; how mind, "I'll wait and have them pay my

those in the service of their country. they arrived in the Salt Lake valley (Concluded on page 310)

MAY 1947 30?

THOMAS E. McKAY arykindshasof thepeople,opportunityat times theto meetopportuall ofthecleanFirst living,Presidencyand thenhavesincecalledtheonwar,an

( Concluded from page 309 nity presents itself to visit other average of about three hundred a tithing in the fall for both years."He churches, cathedrals, museums, art galmonth. Now, as we were told yesterrecognized where that thought came leries, and ofttimes to attend operas day by Brother Anderson in the statistifrom, so he poured that wheat into the and theaters. Add to these broadening cal report, we have over three thousand

sacks in a hurry and paid a little more influences the educational background two hundred missionaries in the field, than he was owing. found in all "Mormon"communities, a thousand more than the Church has

He left on April 19 for his mission. we soon learn the reason why two leadever had before. And then, too, we

On the twentyninth my sister Anne ing educators were able, in a recently have about that same number of stake was born. You understand now why published book, to classify Utah as missionaries, and also hundreds of local

it was so difficult for him to leave just highest in allaround educational permissionaries called in the missions at that time. While he was on this formance among all the states. They themselves. Yes, we are all missionmission, we were blessed, and Mother divided the states into five classificaaries. I wish we would adopt the motto

had managed very well. When he tions: highest, high, medium, low, and that we had in the mission field, "Every

I think gently, and she veryreturned, all a missionary."lowest. can't Among the ten highest Utah member We

in his a beautiful babyproudly, placed brethoh, go into the ranked first. mission field, but

old, years over twoarms, a baby now sisters, and we can all preach the is Yes, this addition seen. never The he hadwhich gospel by our example. sisters. and a missionaryWe have Church,always ren had brothers planned previously asto the house

also been erected without letting him had missionaries. We kept out about May the Lord help us and bless us

sufficient faith of with will and then, thousand and until the war power about it. It was a wontwo anythingknow

called live course, our missionaries were said so that it will be that we mayderful homecoming.

home. Six hundred ninetynine of them of us, not only that we believe in beftflANY other incidents which I could were evacuated from the European ing honest, true, chaste, benevolent,

"relate if I had the time would ilmissions alone; but our servicemen and virtuous, but also that we are honest,

lustrate that a missionary in the field is women—God bless them—more than we are true, we are chaste, we are bene-

a good investment. Moreover, to the compensated for that return. Nearly volent, we are virtuous, and that we do

missionary the experience is invaluable all of them have been missionaries, love our neighbor as ourselves, I pray travel is itself educational; the missionpreaching the gospel by their example in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

I for future. the this mornam thinking CLIFFORD E. ingfore, and they may give us inspiration of little log cabin a that stands down

in Liberty Park, built by my grandfather

Riter. It was transported there from YOUNG

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve oneDaughtersof ourof thepioneerUtah lotsPioneersby andthe others interested in are preservwho at the Saturday delivered Address shrines that they a source be may 117th ing the session morning of inspiration litof to people. the This general conference, annual

tle is log different cabin no from in the 5, 1947, April

It that built in 1847. were many was Tabernacle

originally log a oneroom cabin and built in that year. Later on a partition

must be a source of pride, my was placed in it so that there were two

ITbrethren and sisters, to all of us to rooms. The mother who lived in that

belong to the Church of Jesus Christ little log cabin was a convert to the of Latterday Saints, and in the light Church from Pennsylvania. She, her

of the reports to which we have just sisters, her mother, and her husband listened we ought to be more grateful were caught in the "Gospel Net,"to use of to Elder Assistant Clifford E. Young, for the goodness the the Counthat ever before termthan affecBrother Widtsoe

cil Twelve, crossing of the with Square Temple Frequently Father. tionately in uses we Heavenlyour speaking of his worthy S. President Harris State Franklin Agriof Utah

hear complaints of the requirements that cultural College. mother, and may I say in passing, the

are made of us, and many times these type to which he refers in his delightful complaints are presented in "lump may go to those whose right it is to exbook is the type that sometimes we forsum,"so to speak. tend help and that help will be available? get. They too were pioneers. They

The welfare budget, for example, is As I said, it may not be in dollars and came out of the world. The physical

regarded from the totals that are precents, but it may be in the very things of hardships may not have been quite so sented, and as we see the program in which President Clark spoke; the examsevere when they came, but they piothe light of these totals, we think of ple in Germany to which he referred. It neered, nevertheless. They left their

it as a burden on us as members of the wasn't money that those poor people homes, their kindred, and many times

Church. As we analyze it, however, needed. It was something to put on their own parents for an unpopular

the per capita assignment is not so their backs, and food to eat, and faith because they had in their souls a heavy, and this field of activity becomes warmth. Money couldn't buy what they testimony of the divinity of this work.

not a burden, but an opportunity needed because the things they needed Well, this little family to which I refor service. As a matter of fact, the were not to be purchased. But in this ferred, the mother who at one time

welfare program is not measured in dolgreat program to which we have sublived in this little log cabin, came to lars and cents but in kind, and it may scribed, food and clothing were availNauvoo, there to find not a home as be possible in the future that our money able without money. This is the reason she expected, because shortly after

may have little value. But we shall still that to the Latterday Saints the welshe came, she was to witness the

be in a position to render relief to those fare program has in it the elements of martyrdom of the Prophet and his who may be in need by reason of this security, and how grateful we ought to brother, the patriarch. Then the family

program of producing through the conbe for it. moved on, and they started across

certed efforts of all the members of the those boggy Iowa plains of which

Church. Is it not a source of satisfac- '"Phis is a great year, an anniversary Brother Preston Nibley has been telling

tion to know and to feel that if and year, and I think we may reflect on us so vividly in his News Church Secwhen the day of need comes to us, we some of the things that have gone betion articles. I doubt that you and I

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CLIFFORD E. YOUNG onlyas revealedas we bylivethetheLordconceptsJesusofChrist.right

can visualize, can appreciate, the diffiGod help us that we may live so to culties under which they traveled. As do and that we may not turn back and

they began their journey they met with not waver, but be worthy and strong discouragement, hunger, lack of things in the faith, I humbly pray, in the name to keep them warm. The conditions of Jesus Christ. Amen.

were indescribable, yet there was no complaint. Oh, some of them felt and

wondered why. In this little band there

was a father who was a practical fellow. He was a Pennsylvania Dutchman. He left a home where things were

reasonably secure, and he said one day to his wife, "We'd better turnback. We'd better go back whence mum

we came. Conditions are so uncertain."

That is a natural thing for any father to say. It is a natural thing for a mother

to think. They were traveling among

Indians and were not sure just where they were going, and conditions were not very favorable. They naturally

would think of their children. They had

two boys. They thought of the boys'

welfare, not of their own. I am wondering how many of us would want to

turn back, but that mother wouldn't turn back. She had been caught in the

"Gospel Net,"and she knew it was true, and so she said, "We will not turn back—we'll not turn back; we're going

on!"That was my grandmother Riter,

and her faith and indomitable spirit have always been an inspiration to me, and that spirit should be a source of inspiration to all of us.?m 4 '## OH, YES! BUT ONLY WITH

HpHlS Church is now celebrating the A DEMON RODENT GUN.

one hundred seventeenth anniver- I NEVER KNEW YOU COULD AND IT SURELY GETS sary of its organization. There has been USE CARBON BISULPHIDE SQUIRRELS AND GOPHERS! turningno back since that memorable

day; there must be no turning back now. SAFELY AROUND TREES

Some perhaps have dropped by the wayside. One of the great contributions of pioneer life and of pioneer

colonizing was the fact that the "Mormon"people did not turn back. You

of the story pioneer readhave other in y&?*'- 'ii. 4:::T:**:-::;* //:>v::;>:y:v:-:>-vcompanies to came who the West

those early periods. Many of them

started out perhaps with thirty or forty——

people and ended with half the number. They were not home builders; they 'I

were trappers; they were men seeking t*mm

something else than homes. But it was

different with the Latterday Saints.

They were to come West under the di- i*"rection and inspiration of a great leader to build homes, and there was little turning back, and that is the inspiration BISULPHIDEfor us today, my brethren and sisters, CARBON that there be no turning back, there be when used with a no wavering. Brother Anderson read of the growth RODENT GUN

its DEMONof the Church, of membership. We CombtaaUot

gratifiedare that, but about when we b,he Perfect Rodenticide it, to analyzecome numbers very mean little. are strong, only only we're We Qur influentialpowerful insofar and as we other methods have failed. It is t live things the that revealed has God

for us, his children. We are only a

great people as we cling to those conRodent Gun.

cepts that were revealed for our benefit and blessing.

The welfare program and every proWHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

gram of the Church are strong only as we support them with our faith and with our devotion. And we are strong Distributors: WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

MAY 1947 311 Jj&uqiiet aeaufy /&b jetfefyf

FREE

Like colors in a bouquet!

Fuller's "Gotogether 1 'Wall Colors "knowhow"FOLDERS harmonise. And they go together Before you repaint—

with key colors in your furnishings. get a Fuller youcan-doit

folder! Gives easy, They help—never hinder—room stepby-step rules for

personality. Psychologists like good decoration results.

that. Decorators like that. You'll Twenty different folders:

like that. Plan a new color scheme. walls, woodwork, cabinets,

Use "Gotogether"Colors! Easy to ceilings, floors, etc. Fuller

Dealers Paint have them.

all. one, apply. Fast to dry. Inexpensive! Plan Get or get

now to be proud again. ALL FREE!

W. P. Fuller 62? Co.

For big painting jobs it is wise to call in a reputable Painting Contractor.

'go'fagtfhe/'wall colors THERE'SDEALERA FULLERNEAR YOUPAINT

*FULLCOAT—Soft, washable, nonreflective finish

* FULLERGLO—Eggshell, semigloss,- resists steam, stain g

"A"FULGLOSS—Porcelainlike luster,- long wearing

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOLE IN THE ROCK

( Continued [row. page 288 women soon learned to carry their pails a glistening red beard against a fair un-

A man like Stanford, who had children under their fullskirted tiearound freckled skin, was Piatt De Alton Lydepending upon him, couldn't always aprons. man.

be free to go and come on dangerous "It beats anything vhat a tiearound The two men shook hands cordially.

missions, no matter how shrewd and can do,"Kisten Nielson laughed one The people from the nearest camps willing he was. To a man of Stanford's morning, after a particularly heavy came to greet the company and make

spirit, it was galling to see another alsand shower had almost buried her. them welcome. It was an exciting break

ways chosen. There he was, away from "First it's chips, then it's eggs, then it's in the monotony of their days of idle

camp, digging on the road, even at garden truck. And after that, veil, it's waiting, and they made the most of it.

night, sticking to his unexciting job, carpet rags and darning. It is a basket He was educated, you could tell. And

while all the time he was craving danfor carrying,? cape for the vind, a the way he said his words! In low,

ger and responsibility! shield from the sun. Ya. And last and quiet syllables, sounding each one to

Kumen had gone to get ready for his alvays it's for babies! My goodness, the last! His clothes were different, too.

assignment. And suddenly, without vhat ve'd do if ve have no aprons! They were store clothes of nice quality.

thinking, Arabella was at Mary's side. There vould be no good bucket lids. The men and women with him were

"It's too bad that Captain Smith didn't Naw!"distinguishedlooking, too. Where was

choose Kumen to lead the scouts,"she Jens, the good man, troubled by his Captain Smith? Someone should find

said, and cut her words with sharp litown problems, hardly heard his Kisten. him and tell him these fine people had

tle breaths. "I think he should have, He sighed, long and deeply. "Kisten,"arrived!

don't you?"he said, "the scouts have been gone Plates of molasses cookies, slices of

Mary stepped back, feeling as though from camp for several days. I'm qvescold beef, and saltrising bread were

Arabella had struck a physical blow. tioning their long absence. Vhat you passed from wagon to wagon. Curious

"Arabella!"she cried incredulously. think keeps them?"errands were devised with obvious fre-

"Why, Arabella Smith!""Maybe a good solid tiearound quency. Everyone shared little piles of

Hot with shame, yet unable to stop, apron would be good for you to have, shads cale bark so that the new arrivals

Arabella rushed on, "Why doesn't too, my Yens, then you know vhere could have their small fires, and at last

Silas ever choose his scouts when my everyvun is!"Kisten's eyes sparkled there was nothing more they could do

husband is around?"by way of welcome, so each went home

Instantly, Mary understood, and her to his own camp.

anger was gone. "Arabella,"she mm'- mmm

scolded. "Everybody knows what a Tt was long after dark that night, when

bulwark to this camp Stanford is! You the men who had been sent to exmust not let yourself get upset."plore the country with field glasses

"My word!"Arabella thought. "She's returned. Silas Smith, with his two

gone motherly on me now!"And sudcounselors, was waiting for them.

denly it seemed funny. She and Mary, "Well,"he asked as soon as they

quarreling over their husbands like a came close enough to be spoken to, couple of schoolgirls. She laughed. "what did you find?"

"Oh, Mary, what has come over you? One of the men stepped forward.

It's too funny! You'll be telling me "Captain Smith,"he said, "the few

how to raise children next!"miles that we could see are the roughMary gasped. Her hand flew to her est that white men will ever attempt

lips, pressing them to a thin line of to cross!"

pain. There was a tearing sob, and she "And you saw nothing of our

was gone, running up and over a sand scouts?"Silas questioned.

dune back of her tent, and out of sight. "Not a thing,"the spokesman answered. Horrified at her own unpremeditated "That is all for tonight."Silas dislooking after stood Arabellawords,

her friend, spent of her anger and unmissed the men. "Thank you. You'll be

itreasoning jealousy. Going back to her called upon to report if we deem

necessary."undressed she went and wagon,own

It fun. that Silas their to her didn't matter camps. to with went men The heartsick exto to bed, lie awake, and

little to until attention on, what sat talking paid his counselors her husband and untilhausted, she heard come Mary just either. didn't, said, for she night. She she far into the reinto to she fell a camp.back Then

herself. expressing for of talked fun the sleep.morseful

Jens went out and wandered about After an absence of eight days, the field sent Silas with ** the camp. men had people the returned, scouts and Mile of at Forty the camps"RTost high, to climb glasses jagged eleva- a report. their to hear summoned were"LVA elevation above on an Spring were the tion explore surrounding counand ring, bell to there Here, where no was

level hole, for morethe water it was retheir for try. be must on hand the near knoll He a stood bugler on a

there. get to the the water women To until port. they And, came back, everyblast, long imperious a and blew camp

riffled into the runningtook a jump kept busy, be one must blew the echoes died, he and, before pails outflung,sand, headplunged then stir in another. expectant a sudden sliding was the HPhere ankle deeplong and down

thrilling "It's hear the to than more dunes, get thedunes. an again over sand back was up camp. To Down Arabella's cried, bell!"running to Mary trail travel,exploit. along a forced from comjaded and came The wound

back, along and back, in narrow terpany of recruits for the San Juan Miswagon so they could walk to church races, until it reached the top. Often sion. Brother Nielson hurried forward, together. "Sometime, I'm going to get

a gust of wind started a layer of sand hands outstretched and eyes beaming a hold of that bugle and blow it myself!"

rolling over the top and down the welcome. The first counselor to the Arabella looked at Mary in surprise,

mounds, to level the terraces and alSan Juan Mission had joined the combut with pride, too. "Mary, if you

most bury the water carriers. When pany at last! Jens did not need to be wanted to learn to blow a bugle or do

this happened, the water in the pails told who it was that had stepped down anything else in the world, I believe became mortar and had to be dumped from the wagon, in the lead of the you could do it!"she said.

beside the trail, and the sliding and train. This handsome, dignified man, Mary's eyes filled with sudden tears,

climbing was done all over again. But six feet tall and without an ounce of and all the hurt pride she had nurtured

with the ingenuity of necessity, the surplus flesh, with jet black hair and {Continued on page 326)

MAY 1947 313 "Lefty, your car picksup like a tired pitcher fielding a bunt"

BATBOY: As a ballhawk you're strictly big

league, but with cars you bat.000. Listen to

that motor! It's laboring like a rookie in Yankee

Stadium. Wise up, pal, and fill up with Chevron

Supreme Gasoline. It's "climatetailored"to

fit local driving conditions, and its high octane rating slugs those pesty pings right out of the lot.

LEFTY: Son, you're throwing strikes. With

Chevron Supreme under the throttle, we take off like a line drive. And notice how she flies

up the hills with nary a knock. Standard's

Chevron Supreme Gasoline looks like a surefire tripleplay combination to me, kid—fast

starting, smooth pickup, and an easy putout on pings.

Its goodgoing on

There is no better gasoline at CHEVRON STATION any price GAS SUPREME GASOLINE message of Christ our Lord, must go forth as never before with your souls ringing with testimony. All of us bearing this Holy Priesthood must awaken

to this great cause of truth. Live righteously because it is right, and do the

things that we have been admonished

Weto do,mustin thisremember,conferencebrotherof theseventies,Lord.

that as Jesus of Nazareth, after his crucifixion, sent his disciples into the world to preach the gospel, so he is sending his disciples today into the world, and they will be heard.

It is wise and good for us to remember that the Sermon on the Mount undoubtedly was an ordination message.

The Twelve and the Seventies were sent in the very early life of the Savior into different parts of Palestine. They

were to teach the people, and you will note from this, that the word "seventy"is a very divine word. It is sacred; it

literally means "universal"and comes from one of the oldest words of one of the oldest languages of ancient times.

President Levi Edgar Young, of the First Council of the Seventy, greets Max Bryan, president of the attention been our has Think how

Mission. Long Beach Stake

Smith, Prophet the called to Joseph

President Brigham Young, and all the pioneers, who were looking to the future when the gospel was restored and the priesthood of God given to them.

future to the to look told They were Into tke r aJLook bear to and they go forth because had the power of their priesthood. Think

of how they knew—the vision they

had! We are seated today in a building PAST aJ FUTURE which is now the largest symphony

all the in possibly in America, session morning Address delivered at the Sunday of great symphonies of the 117th annual world.hall The general conference, April 6, 1947, in the Tabernacle to play will here and the world come

the world. Great music has already

been given. It is only recently that one

of the noted architects of America D C#S&JJL found here what he called an example of the old Greek classical art; he saw

PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY the beauty of these columns, these long graceful columns, holding this gallery up. How the pioneers built for the fubrethren and sisters: This is a shall roll us away the stone from the door ture is a glorious story.

of the sepulchre? that brings of grace, a day dayMY that they looked, they saw when And life the of to our course of study minds our long the "Tot ago a new

rolled for it very was away: was of stone lives the Christ,Savior, and Jesus Colat inaugurated St. John's * was great.

noble men and women who have made And entering into the sepulchre, they lege in Maryland, a system of academic the world better and brought to civilizasaw a young man sitting on the right side, work which the educators of America tion a knowledge that God lives and clothed in a long white garment; and they said was one of the most forward lookJesus Christ is the Savior of the world. were affrighted. ing things in the academic world. Stuaffright- saith them, unto not he Be And college that and enter to were of dents to thousands read I wish what

of ed: Nazareth, seek Jesus was who Ye the masters of history, the masters thinking read today. are readingpeople and

is is risen; crucified: here: he not he started the literature. people in Before service the of of ofThousands men tell disciples his.and.. your But way, go

their country who are in Europe and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: west from Nauvoo, a library was to be

in faroff Asia, are marching accordthere shall ye see him, as he said unto you. built by the seventies, and President

ing to orders to the cemeteries, where (Mark 16:1-7.) Joseph Young inaugurating it through

white crosses bear testimony of the permission and the blessing of the the many who have given their lives Mary and those other women who Prophet Joseph Smith, announced that, for God and country. As they pass had gone to the sepulchre left and went "There shall be erected in the city of

through the portals to the cemeteries, down the highway, knowing in their Nauvoo a library where the learned they read certain sentences written in hearts that Jesus had risen, and it was may come and read the great literature gold. They are taken from the last only a short time before he assured his of the world."

chapter of Mark: disciples that as he had risen, so shall In 1850, President Joseph Young

the children of God also rise from the again had in mind the building of a

And when the sabbath was past, Mary tomb. great library, and Truman O. Angell bethe ofMagdalene, mother James, and Mary it. plans the architect of came He drew

spices, that bought Salome, sweetand had is it is grace; ""Phis grace unto a day of buildings beautiful for of one the most him. anointthey and might come

it is divine us because knowledge frontier western erected to on the be first the in early the very morning And day of the week, they came unto the that we have. You brethren who hold which should house a large collection

sepulchre at the rising of the sun. the priesthood, you seventies, who are of books for the use of the seventies.

And they said among themselves, Who responsible for giving to the world the (Concluded on page 316)

MAY 1947 315 history the earth, upon have perbeen them. live are to and LEVI by them, We EDGAR YOUNG petuated the time. present up to hold sacredly They them as we work our way (Concluded from page 315) in this state were perpetuated life. the through by

future, looking to They were the lie at they the root and of our all seventies, brother the and My to gospel. the preach brethren, we pioneers, My civilization. first, are industry They priesthood, lives dedicate our may we in must keep that mind always must we agriculture; based on second, the home; as to the of never perpetuation before of history. students become world third, state; the fourth, the public school this that great work, always and know of Think said already what has been fifth, system; the church. and it is art, religion that and knowledge, this pulpit from concerning the pioneers, and I leave you this angle of Paul, the Apostle, was a seventy and bring spirituality, and it is the spiritual

thought which has already been ex- a graduate of the University of forces that will save the world.

pressed. It is now known that the five Tarsus. So were Barnabus, and the God bless us. May we understand

great institutions of civilization, that evangelist Luke. They fostered these and see as never before, I ask, in the

came from the very beginning of man's institutions, and we are to perpetuate name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

annually. one hundred world About RICHARD L being added to the population of the appearfifty thousand faces were new

ing in this world each day. About a

hundred thousand were dying each day. EVANS These figures are also something to conOf the First Council of the Seventy templateligation ofby acarryingChurch thethat messagehas the obto

every nation, kindred, tongue, and people. What does a hundred fifty thouAddress delivered at the Saturday sand new faces each day mean in terms

afternoon session of the 117th of missionary work, and what does the annual general conference, great number of those who depart mean

April 5, 1947, in the in terms of temple work?

Tabernacle* Some years ago I took an annual report of the British Mission, when there was a rather strong corps of missionfigures aries there, active paralleled and are a glorious to audience look statistics vital of the with from someYOU if upon, the and repreChurch

Britain, in that discovered Great and sented nothing than more what we oldest the established perhaps best and it see before us pulpit, this here from in at the that mission Church, European inestimable an would for be good power least, time at there perabout one was earth. in the to But to at look and you in Britain to son every born year Great realize that represent you fraconly a tract distributing; there every were wetion of percent the of one total memberin about four Britain born were Great ship is the of a glorious Church thought every year to to every answered doorto contemplate.

our missionaries; about ten born every

I suppose success like to hear we all to year every gospel conversation; and

stories, centennial and the is a success President CouncilRichardofL.theEvans,Seventyof the First sixty about every born year to every

story. The statistical report of the family visited. Multiply this result by

Church, read here yesterday morning the total figures for the world, and we by President Clark and by Brother have some more facts to take into conJoseph Anderson, is a success story of Curely it may be said that in no censideration in terms of our own obligathe cumulative accomplishment of the tury of the history of the world has tions.

past hundred years. greater change taken place than in the

The Lord expected much of those past century which we now celebrate irpHE Book of Mormon has been transsix people who officially organized the as our centennial, and I should like to lated into about twentyfour lanChurch in 1 830, and I feel sure he was indicate, by citing a few facts and guages, and printed, I think, in eighteen.

not disappointed. He expected much figures, some of the accomplishments, But the French Academy recognizes

of the twenty thousand who made up and some of the things that face us about two thousand seven hundred the population of Nauvoo and vicinity squarely as a challenge for the century ninetysix distinct languages on the about a hundred years ago, and, while to come. face of the earth. You can see what the

some faltered, their total achievement For one thing, the total population of Lord started when he took a hand in was glorious. I hesitate to think how the world has more than doubled in the the confusion of tongues at Babel after

much more he expects of us today as past century which we now commemothe flood, and it is marvelous to conwe stand at the beginning of the second rate. There are more than two billion template how magnificently men cocentury in this valley. people on the face of the earth today. operate when confusion is called for—

The past has little meaning except It is estimated by statisticians of poputwo thousand seven hundred ninetysix in terms of the future. What is only lation that this will double, or more languages! The World Almanac recogpast is a dead thing, but what of the than double, again, being permitted to nizes fortyfive major languages in use

past may be builded upon is something do so, in the next century, which would today. These are other facts for us to

else, and I look at the centennial not mean something between four and five consider.

only as an occasion for looking back billion people. To an organization that Now I submit to you that the Lord

but also as an obligation for looking forhas the obligation to preach the gospel does not deal in statistical impossibiliward, and again, I hesitate almost to to every nation, kindred, tongue, and ties, and when he places upon any peothink of what would be expected of people, this is something to consider. ple the obligation of preaching the gosabout a million people with all of the Sometime before the war (and I pel to every nation, kindred, tongue,

advantages we have in comparison don't know just what the figures are at and people it is an assignment to be with the accomplishments of those who this moment), there was an estimated taken seriously and not something behave gone before with what they had. net gain of about thirty million people yond possible reach. I have made the

.

RICHARD L. EVANS shouldsitting down.like to add two more before dealingdealing withwith angenerationsindividualandonly;withweultiare

statement often that if every person in mate consequences of which we have the Church did his job as a missionary /\ne, that I believe there is no greater no conception. I plead with you, my

as well as Wilford Woodruff once did, mission field, however much we brothers and sisters, to consider this this would be accomplished now. may emphasize others, than there is at fact, and whenever you look at an inBut in addition to such service there home and in the home. dividual, don't think of him just as he

are many tools that have been given to Night before last I read in the newsis, but think of the potentialities of hisus which multiply the power of men's paper of a mother who had been life and of generations to come—and

efforts and which I am sure the Lord chosen as Utah's Mother of 1947, and never give him up.

expects us to make good use of even who had fiftyeight living descendants. And now, returning to the subject of

as tools are being made use of in all I remember of reading of an elderly world populations: A few months ago

the other pursuits of life for man's enpatriarch in Utah County, some years on a nationwide radio network two of richment and comfort and for the maago, who was then living but has since America's eminent statisticians and terial advancement of the world. A man died, and who then had one hundred authorities on population advocated as

with his bare hands doesn't have much fortyeight living descendants. I recall a solution to world troubles a planned

to work with in this world, but a man having seen a picture of President limitation of population. Almost at the

with a tool or with a machine, which is George F. Richards and his excellent same time or a little later another au-

a tool multiplied in power and comfamily on the occasion of his eightieth thority was telling us that within five plexity and function, may do the work birthday. They then numbered, as I years from now, perhaps not more than

of five or ten or a thousand or more recall, more than ninety descendants ten percent of us would be left living.

men. living, and they no doubt have added These two views are difficult to recon-

I am sure that our Father in heaven many more since then in these past five cile. It would be wonderful if the exexpects us to use all available resources or six years. What would have been perts could only agree, but where they

intelligently and to multiply our perthe cumulative result if, many years ago, can't, confusion is the result.

sonal efforts by every modern facility someone hadn't done his duty in the But we do know what the Lord's that is available to mankind in this our Church, and had allowed one of these plans and purposes are; what he expects

day, even as our pioneer fathers a hunthree whom I have mentioned to beof us; and the fear in our hearts condred years ago used everything that come indifferent or estranged from the cerning these things can be quieted; and

was available to them. It is not for us Church early in life or to become ofour confusion and our apprehension in

to use their methods alone but to use fended for some reason? these times of wild rumor and of potenthe principles on which they builded When we are dealing with the life tialities that are beyond our understandand by which they lived, and to add to of a boy or girl, we are not dealing with ing for good and for evil, for destrucand multiply the use of those principles an individual only. We are dealing tion as well as for the making of good

by everything that is available to us. with a whole posterity, and not with things, can be made to give way to

If we can have a conversation with time only, but with life eternal. And calm assurance, if we will follow the

one man, well and good, but if we can there is no greater mission mothers and counsel of the Lord, accept the counsel multiply this by modern means of comfathers can perform than to keep their of his appointed servants, and live our munication by a million or several milsons and daughters close to them and lives as we know they should be lived.

lion, so much the better, and by such close to the Church, and no greater misIf we will do so we need not worry means, as well as by our individual opsion that we at home can perform than about these predictions, but we shall portunities and efforts, this obligation to see that no one has cause for offense find satisfaction and happiness and that has been placed upon us is within because of us, and that no one is allowed peace and accomplishment in life, and realization, theoretically at least, practo lapse into indifference and inactivity, can go our way and trust our Father in tically, I believe. and that no one who is now inactive heaven for the ultimate consequences.

These are just a few passing thoughts fails to be labored with, with all that That we may do so I pray in the name of the significance of our centennial. I we have to give, because we are not of Jesus Christ. Amen.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

Of the First Council of the Seventy

Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 117th annual general conference, April 6, 1947, in the Tabernacle

humbly pray that the spirit of the

Lord will be with me that I may be

I blessed as I fill this serious task.

I rejoice this happy morning to know that people have been trailing for hours up the mountainside of Mt. Tamalpais President Oscar A.and Mt. Rubideaux and many other Kirkham, of the First

places for Easter services. Yes, all Councilty, greetingof thehisSevenson,

across America crosses have been Rock M. Kirkham, naraised and people have gone or are gotionalChurchdirector,service. L.D.S.Boy

ing to renew their faith in the Lord that Scouts of America.

fear may leave their hearts and that joy may enter there.

I am happy that America is a Christian country although we hear much about its sin and misgivings.

(Concluded on page 318) MAY 1947 317: a

It was was the spirit of his father and his OSCAR A. KIRKHAM a young lady and kissing her.

one of those embarrassing things that grandfather. He was only carrying on.

(Concluded from page 317) we sometimes see in life, and yet we No spoken words were more glorious

I hope and pray that this happy confess we are somewhat interested. I than that.

Easter morning into the heart o Genstarted hurriedly to go away, and the eral George C. Marshall, our Secretary young man motioned to me to come. I VS7hen President Clark made the apof State, will come a renewed faith in went over to him, and he said, "Brother * "peal again, as he has done before,

God. I hope that he will have the courKirkham, we are not at all ashamed of to "be one,"I saw a united band comage of a great pioneer in a new world what you saw. I just asked this young ing into this valley. They were one.

to hold fast to what he said last week lady to be my wife, and when you President McKay last night after the

When Germany's problem is solved, looked, she had said, 'Yes,'and I was priesthood meeting called together the it will be of the people and by the peosealing the bargain.""Well,"I said, "I bishops and the presidents of stakes of

ple and for the people. These are not hope you are coming back here again."some of these nearby stakes. He was

his exact words, but what he said were "Yes,"he said, "that was part of what recruiting for our great pageant to be the words of a man representing a free we had talked about."held in this tabernacle. It has been difpeople. Back to the temple of God! Yes, ficult to get men, but it wasn't difficult

I rejoice in the spirit of Easter. It that was the desire of their hearts. Let when President McKay stood before

was faith that rolled back the stone to us have more faith in them, not fear, them recruiting two hundred that will let the Savior come into the garden. It but faith in them. participate. Every hand went up when

is faith that will roll back the stone I have looked forward to the happy the people heard the voice of the presiacross the path of the human race and day that is now here-—our centennial dent. I thought I saw Brigham Young

let the spirit of the Son of Man come celebration. I love a parade. I love to recruiting the Mormon Battalion.

again. Fear will vanish as we cultivate hear a band playing. I love to see banWhen our friends come to our homes

faith in our hearts and lives. ners flying. I love to see great monuas President Smith said, "Open your

I rejoice in the glorious centennial ments unveiled. These are lovely things doors in hospitality."They will forget

celebration that is before us. May I say to see and hear. When I was in Mexico much of the glamor of the street and

there are other pioneer bands standing City recently and stood on the crowded the highways, but they will see the pionow on eastern hills that overlook this streets watching the parade when Presineers in what we do.

valley and a thousand others. It is the dent Aleman was made president of May there be children there to play

youth of America, and they are ready to that great republic, there were many with them. May there be family praygo forward into the valley of their things going on in the streets; but the er held unafraid. Let the children pray.

dreams and do great and good things. great things were happening on the sideWhen they lift the photo from the

May we, the leadership of this Church, walk. I did not see Mexico as the milimantle and say, "Does this happen to be

have faith in them and give them the tary units went by displaying their your son?"may you have the high

opportunity to come forward with their pride, but around and about me on the privilege of saying, "Yes, he's our glorious faith and strength. They are sidewalk was the real story of Mexico; ambassador. He's out in the world

waiting for it. They are anxious for the and so it will be with us. The people preaching the gospel."Then when they

responsibility of it. that come will be listening to the story leave your home, the memory of these

on the sidewalk as well as enjoying things will linger with them when all 'T'wo years ago at the temple at Mesa, what they see in parade. This is a great else is forgotten.

A Arizona, I was with about a thouyear of missionary service for us—God help us to remember that this is

sand of our young people. From the great year for the pioneer spirit. I saw a missionary year; and in honoring

temple wall we had a glorious Easter it in my mind's eye yesterday, so beauthose that went before, we shall courmorning service. The orchestra played; tifully exemplified when President ageously and with faithdestroying fear

the chorus sang; it was lovely; and then Smith, at our great priesthood meeting give to these visitors the hope of the

I walked around the temple wall. As I last night, told the Boy Scout that had gospel of Jesus Christ by our humble

passed one corner, I saw over behind given his seat to an adult, "Now you living, I pray in the name of Jesus a tall pine tree a young man embracing may come up and sit with us."Yes, that Christ. Amen.

Senior, inquired. Oliver Cowdery inhis instruction. Smith, vited Hyrum S. DILWORTH Senior, brother, David Joseph Knight,

Whitmer, Thomas B. Marsh, Ezra

Thayre, and Northrup Sweet were YOUNG among those who received reply. NearOf the First Council of the Seventy ly all of these brethren, in the course

of the Lord's instruction to them, were told that if they wanted to serve God,

Address delivered at the Friday they were called to do the work and session the afternoon of 117th that time. should They was the now general annual conference, their thrust sickles in reap while and

in the April 4, 1947, lasted, for there were many the day

Tabernacle souls that were ready to be harvested.

The main burden of the refrain which have been much impressed, as I read I catch from the spirit of the Prophet in the history of the Church, by the Joseph's utterance is that if men desireI simple faith and desires of the men to be called, they may be called. I bewho began things over a hundred years lieve that is the way it has always been.

ago. When they discovered that Joseph

Smith the Prophet had access to their President S. Dilworth Young, of the First The other day in the Tooele Stake a

Heavenly Father, there were many men Council of the Seventy, in front of Assembly Hall. sister came to me and said that a

who came to him and asked if he would certain member of the stake wanted to inquire of the Lord what was desired go on a mission but that the family conin their behalf. I suspect this importunbehalf of his friends and his brethren, cerned was sitting back waiting for the

ing sometimes embarrassed the Prophet and he invited the Lord to tell him inspiration of the Lord to tell the bishop and at times made him impatient, but what they should do in the kingdom of of this particular person's desire. Well,

he did many times go to the Lord on our God. His father, Joseph Smith, I think the Lord will eventually inspire

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA field. right they could where were They

after families their night with every S. DILWORTH YOUNG sionariesthe nonmembersare preparedof theandChurchare sentwhoto be

the bishop to feel that way about it, should hear the gospel, should have it getting through with their evening's but it would be a lot easier if the person preached to them, should be given an labors. The Lord blessed their labors,

concerned would go to the bishop and opportunity to accept it. Any man who and he will bless your labors.

express his desires, thereby putting himis a seventy, who wants to do missionself in line with what these brethren did ary work and thus fill his calling as a Co, brethren of the seventies'quorum, in reporttime should no waste seventy ago. a years hundredover the in are (there somewhere about V his that president so deing to he stake in bethe our want does Lord What of thousand of twenty neighborhood

it, in of the time sires the to due to us serve do and do andhalf? wants him He, presidency to the ) say you when you inspired, are brethren leadthese servants, all his Lord, the things as which do?"stake, of your may "What we

this the call to will seventy work ask. they of the Church,ers the inquire of what Lord you when

field. I to mission ministry the of the to the seventy and a say few words May will the you, reply of perhaps desires he

is it this It is that that thought parthis work not matter? be Letconcerning as mission, call to shall a be, you "We fruitful I the of important. desire most to not ticular a have which One group shall ask office requires; and your we

is missionary that missionaries the places are work help. do seventy we The time have spare you spend to what you right if I at here home. the people Doctrine our the read among Church,of friends to our gospel the in teaching

I in stake brethren correctly. not were do two mean There my Covenantsand call If a such belong."not do who call. missionary mission- a out the are that on that went only they whoby it is personal to you, should come my out, said to they especially called that they are Before went they aries but forth will accept and that go you hope

shall the to Lord, themselves beand missionaries. a to man be "We When the while day reap might with and your

is time of minute give every our as ordained away seventy andcomes a is call as to us I the lasts. that believe

this to so to business and work,"our begin to immediately from such, he ought

It go not matters whether seventies. we

five did. spending to they expression, were of his they Soon develop powers at stay home, afield far or whether we

visiting their time gospel, of principles evenings of the a the understand week our call comes, the and as long so to gospel them. the teaching can to opportunity and people he seek every and it. to us do preside want brethren who after holding a sixteen himself, months to that he might express Within some the I desire to preach only a have

fill promulmeetings series cottage his calling of and to able be and do day I sent to be personally. away gospel am their I to of the truths gospel the gating recall missionary about work. can I All promise can for awhile. from you after baptized, fifteen they neighbors, Presisixteen had or years ago when I shall best is that in respect that do my of unbelievable conversion, number to Kimball dent Golden came Ogden J. laid foundations by the build upon to

adults all the of twentytwo seventy asked assembled and theadults—twentytwo predecesshall been those have my who find in sixteen can months! no in the Stake would You many how Ogden the of people the teach to sors, and New this field in fruitful that if than missions could. day raised they All more on go lovely States, through your England told brethren those anywhere, their and hands. me to he wanted Then know Christ, of the missionaries, gospel Jesus

street to the that willing as they to went further down be would many how is it It I to is true. honor an for know felt tracting, their if often they very sake, for necessary. die gospel's the do thing this your with sent to to be do me spirit to saying I the of all the whisperings their raised hands. thought Again are anxious girls, so your and who boys

this place,"all into havthem, and in that "Turn at the time, can world how I and tell they as the world, to know that place, into ing they turned were missions? these work; go on men They Proph- a that Smith was know, Joseph

I refamily. is the cannot convert to families; able there they they have no way Lord the our of et; power that through

father call of or hearing their any ever leave dependents behind can and my Christ, Smith Joseph Savior Jesus and stories telling relatives better let of any the of care take them. Church my How of the gospel to bring back able was that. fill experiences than missionary call? particular That that they can Now

is earth. to the Christ This my Jesus right at it is right see. in home, among missions to are happened easy There

the stakes of Zion. Each stake has its our own people. These brethren did not hope and my prayer in the name of

mission. From these missions the misspend any money going into the mission Jesus. Amen.

sacrifices because great ships and made

Father and Eternal that the MILTON R. theyThese people endured extreme hardknew

HUNTER hisfromOnlyheavenBegottenin answerSon hadto thecomeProphetdown

Of the First Council of the Seventy JosephGrove. Smith'sThey alsoprayerknewin thethat Sacredangels

had brought to Joseph Smith the Holy delivered at the Saturday Address borne Ghost Priesthood. had Holy The

the session morning of that hearts their to had 117th testimony God general annual conference, the again earth the established upon

April 5, 1947, in the true gospel of Jesus Christ which they

Tabernacle had embraced. Thus these Mormon

Godfearing devout, pioneers a were it is sisters, brethren dear and that they firmly believed people who

I in that humility here stand deep build called to the up Lord of been had this before morning Elder you. for the the to world prepare Zion andMy

just Fielding told of has Smith Joseph In of reign of millennial the Man. Son

the of Pioneers coming the Mormon in beautiful to Utah, a very way. I believedfact, theythatenduredsuch scripturesbecause theyas thefirmlyfolwould like also to say something on that lowing applied to them:

subject this morning. Throughout 1947

million people are observinga the cenPresidentCouncilMilton ofR. theHunter,Seventyof the First priesthood,But ye arean aholychosennation,generation,a peculiara royalpeotennial of the arrival of the Mormon

Pioneers in the Salt Lake valley. Our ple; that ye should shew forth the praises

plains. hearts of crossing are the turned love with adoraand Many them ofintohimhiswhomarvelloushath calledlight.you(I outPeterof 2:9.)darkness

this their sacrificed tion to of others noble race lives while came and men women who just one hundred years ago were to Utah, and here they built a great It is not the material things of life driven from their homes in the East commonwealth in the arid region of the which make a people great but the high and suffered untold hardships while Rocky Mountains. (Continued on page 320)

MAY 1947 319

MILTON R. HUNTER A year and a half later and only four secution of the Saints increased greatly

months before the death of Joseph and was climaxed with the martyrdom (Continued from page 319) Smith, he was making definite arrangeof Joseph and Hyrum. However, only

spiritual qualities of the soul engenments to explore the West preparatory five days before their deaths, Joseph dered in men and women through faith to the anticipated migration. On Feband others made temporary arrangein God, through a conviction of imruary 20, 1 844, he wrote in his journal ments to flee to the Rocky Mountains

mortality, and through a recognition for safety and have the Saints join them

I instructed the to Apostles Twelve send later. there deGovernor Ford had that there exists a order moral of laws

delegation out a investigate location the and that other Joseph, manded and Hyrum, liftswhich must be obeyed, which a of California Oregon, and out hunt a and at leaders appear Carthage of Mormonrace little to mortals a position "a location, good to where can remove we letter for trial. the governor'slower When the than angels."(Psalm 8:5.) is after the temple completed, and where we

In fact, these intangible spiritual qualican build a city in a day, and have a govwas read to Joseph Smith, he said to ties exalt man to his full stature as a ernment of our own, get up into the mounthose with him:

son of God. tains, where the devil cannot dig us out,

The Mormon pioneers were great andcan livelive asinolda ashealthfulwe haveclimate,a mind whereto. ( ibid.,we whatThetowaydo. is Allopen.theyIt wantis clearis Hyrumto my mindand

men and women, and we honor them vol. 6, p. 222.) myself; then tell everybody to go about their

today because they possessed these business, and not collect in groups, but to spiritual qualities and extended their "\T7"e should keep in mind that Califorscatter about. There is no doubt they will

us. for here search Let them and come vvvision into the eternities. at that nia included Utah time, search; will in or they person not harm you included therefore, and Idaho; Oregon of property, head. hair not your a even and

*T*HE question has ofttimes been diswhen Joseph Smith mentioned Oregon We will cross the river tonight, and go cussed as to why and when the and California, he referred to the region away to the West, (ibid., vol. 6, pp. 545,

Mormon pioneers decided to select that we are living in today. 546.)

the Great Basin as their home. Bishop In accordance with instructions given

conLater that same day Hyrum to out send to by Joseph a company RichardsLe Grand beautifully very to the decision flee to firmed Joseph's the select explore and a site for Westpointed out yesterday that the ancient statement In a Mountains. made city Rocky of the Saints, four immediatemenprophets looked the a through down

said: to Reynolds he Cahoon, ly volunteered to go, four others andstream of time and in the last saw that

assigned them. were to accompany the Saintsdays establish would themkill to of are seeking company men my A later the told the days Prophet Two inselves the I of tops the mountains. the brother has warned Lord and Joseph, that Apostles an exTwelve he wanted likewould to that to add thought today flee to to to the Mountains save him Rocky

ploration entire of the intermountain definite ibid., life. vol.a his that cited in statement history affirms Smith (Hyrum

that this people settled Utah because country. He said: 6, p. 547.)

this selected for spot reGod them and. twentyfive men. Send. Appoint a leadthe crossed Misand Joseph Hyrum tovealed the that modern prophets here er, I let for beat volunteers. and them up. to sissippi to going preparatory River in the place towas his establish which to king every want a goes be man that and result the the Mountains; but as Rockypeople to build fact, Zion. In and as priest. gets the he a mountains on When

early as August 6, 1842, the Lord made he may want to talk with his God. (ibid., of complaints made by some of the

known to the Prophet Joseph Smith vol. 6, p. 224.) Saints, they returned to Nauvoo, and

that the Saints would be driven from shortly thereafter they were killed.

their homes in Nauvoo and would The following Sunday ( February 25, migrate to the Rocky Mountains. On 1 844 ) Joseph Smith spoke to the Saints "Dollowing their deaths, the enemies

that date the Prophet wrote in his jourand then recorded in his journal his of Mormonism actively worked nal: principal thought as follows: to destroy the Church. In the fall of

1845, vicious men mobbed the Saints in

I prophesied that the Saints would con- I gave some important instructions, and the outlying settlements. Since it was

five that prophesied within years should we totinue suffer affliction much and would be of at generally the time Joseph known of the old out be of enemies, our power todriven the Mountains, Rocky many would that Smith's he contemplated death a of apostates or they the whether world; wereapostatize, others to put would be death by Illinois the of to the people West, move it, told the brethren that record to and when orour persecutors lose their lives in constate that it the Saints the leave they to pass they comes need not say had demanded ofsequence or disease, exposure and some

the (ibid., forgotten vol. into 6, the saying, Brigwilderness. migrate 225.) p. and willof live to assist in you and go making

settlements and build cities and see the ham Young, who had now assumed

Saints become a mighty people in the midst The proposed exploring expedition leadership, and his associates accepted of the Rocky Mountains. (Documentary to the Rocky Mountains, however, was their demand and announced that the

History of the Church, vol. 5, p. 85.) never made. Right at this time the perSaints would migrate the following

spring.

The maps and the account of John C.

Fremont's exploration of the Far West had recently been published. Throughout the winter of 1845 and 1846, while

the Saints were preparing to abandon their homes and move, Brigham Young and the other Mormon leaders carefully studied Fremont's exploration of the Rocky Mountain region.

In the fall of 1846, fifteen thousand exiled Saints had made temporary homes on the banks of the Missouri

River where the cities of Omaha and

Council Bluffs now stand. While there

President Antoine First they gleaned all the information they R. Ivins, of the

Council of the Sevencould regarding the Great West. Faty, and Sister Ivins. ther Pierre Jean De Smet, a Jesuit priest

who had spent many years as a missionary among the Indians in this region, visited the Mormon refugees.

He reported a conversation he had had with the Saints as follows:

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MILTON R. HUNTER

They asked me a thousand questions about the regions I had explored and the valley [meaning the Salt Lake valley] which I have just described to you, pleased them greatly from the account I gave them of it. (Cited in Levi Edgar Young, The

Founding of Utah, p. 86.)

"\17hen the pioneers were crossing "* the plains the following summer, on June 26, 1847. near South Pass, they

met Major Moses Harris. He was a

man who had spent twenty years in the Rocky Mountains. Orson Pratt

recorded in his journal the conversation they had with Major Harris. He wrote

We obtained much information from him in relation to the great interior basin of the

Salt Lake, the country of our destination.

His report like that of Captain Fremont's is rather unfavorable to the formation of a colony in this basin, principally on account of the scarcity of timber. (Orson Pratt,

Journal, June 26, 1 847, cited in Andrew Jenson, Historical Record, vol. 9, p. 58.)

Two days later, the Pioneers met to on his was wayJames Bridger who

Section of crowd in conference assembled. that stated Pratt Mr.Fort Laramie.

Bridger,

resting, from said heaven and and a voice fact 12, that on Brigham The July... acquaintance of extensive a being man

is unto him: the place peo- "Here where my Pratt to commissioned Orson Young interior this country, madewith many we shall Israel ple tents."pitch their (Erastus the lead a vanguard of ahead company the in relaton "great toinquiries of him the Pioneers,"to "Address Snow, Journal for the of Pioneers main informasouth. purpose the body country Hisbasin"and

24, History, 1880, Ms.) July of that favorable than rathertion more of into was the making Salt road a Lake

Pratt, June Harris. Journal, (OrsonMajor valley additional that gives evidence that 24, of memorable day July /\n Star, 15, in Millennial cited 1847,28, May the leaders where knew Mormon right Brigat the 1847, time when1850.) later going. they were days Nine statethe famous made Young ham

Pratt, Erastus saying overtook Snow is the place! the the ment, on,""This Clayton added Drive William And to Brigham Pratt bear wanted Young his revelations previous confirmed Bridger that Lordthought

slightly after the leaving northward to Smith Brigham by and Young Joseph select for plowing, a spot canyon and is.. lake around. thinks the Utah region letting in the a Pioneer leader view

city. seed, planting building a and vicinity the in Salt of the On best countrythe vision things take which would many

28, Pratt Journal, 21, Clayton, June Erastus Orson (William andLake. July Snow valley. Salt in place the Wilford Lake

cit., op. in cited p. Jenson, 1847, Andrew the emerged Emigration of from mouth in this described experience Woodruff60.) they Canyon. climbed the to top Then his as journal follows

Salt the of a hill Great viewed and Lake

We should be aware of the fact that valley lying before them. Regarding This is one of the most important days

each of these experiences bears indisthis experience, Elder Snow recorded of my life, and in the history of the Church putable evidence that the "Mormon"the following in his journal: of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.... We

leaders knew where they were going came in full view of the valley of the Great in the promise, of held Salt land Lake; Salt in the arrived they beforelong the the of valley from had From view we his for resting as place reserve God, a by being they valley, were becauseLake it of the to top mountain, the supposed we

the divine revelation from thereled by prairie of extending only from be an arm up in admiration gazed and upon wonder Saints.We this valley, the but ascending butteLord. Utah on us, the the valley waters before with vast

instant, involuntarily, the at both same we the in glistening Salt the of Great Lake it finding at to uttered the of shout joy a be skies, the to sun, and towering mountains Pioneer the had 30, band Juner\n destination, of place beheld our very and the running through of pure water streamsthe of Green banks the the arrived the spreading of Salt on broad Lake bosom It the grandest scene valley. beautiful was

itself us.1 before (Erastus Journal, Snow, they were in ThereRiver Wyoming. till this that ever beheld moment. had we cited in 21, B. Roberts, 1847, H. July A come had Brannan. Samuel Hemet by minds through our thoughts ran Pleasant

the History Comprehensive Church, of the to persuade Franciscofrom that, San hence, years at prospect the not many though he gave Brigham Young a glowthe mountains and exalted above the hills;

ing report of the wonderful country Pratt's vanguard company camped while the valleys would be converted into fields, cities fruitful vineyards, orchards, as City and subsequently a stream known an on Francisco and Bay Sanaround the Lord, the of the to and erected name his called 23. he on Creek There July regarding report discouragingequally for gathering the unfurled of Zion standard associates the together dedicated and the of desert wastesthe Rocky barren nations. of Saints. as the the of land home new reregion, President YoungMountain entire his satexpressed President Young

fused to take the Saints to California. Erastus Snow testified that God diisfaction at the appearance of the valley as

The Mormon leader was following rected Brigham Young to the Salt Lake a resting place for the Saints, and felt amply the inspiration of the Lord, and he valley. To quote: repaid for his journey. While lying upon

the gazing carriage, his in upon bed my it for to exchange induced notcould be future the us, of things before this scene President. that said the many Young was pointed ofthe had man. wisdom God to it the valley him shown concerning were in vision; he seen..since place long had to the as as Prophet to well him,out Journal, vision. Woodruff, in a (Wilford settling tent the here seen he had was down

settle the Smith, place that toJoseph in op. cited Jenson, 1847, 24, Andrew

to referring statement, Elder Snow's was he Hn in the the of "midst Saintsthe was a Julycit, vol. 9, p. 77.) the of previous Salt that valley view Elders Lake

Rocky Mountains."Orson Pratt and John Brown had had two days earlier. ( Concluded on page 322

MAY 1947 321

MILTON R. HUNTER catefact, theno manpeoplehasandbeenbuildmoretheconvincedcity. In south,the eastandandwewest,will tobuildthe northtowns andand tocitiesthe

the of hundreds, the thousands and by 321 page (Concluded from led to Saints the the that Rocky God of in will Saints the nations gather from than Young. Brigham Mountains was Wilford Young, Brigham When will highthe earth. great the This become

his arafter 28, four only days Erastus Pratt, Snow, On July OrsonWoodruff,... nations. of way

and others of the Pioneer leaders first rival, he wrote: Take courage, brethren.... Plow your

It not potatoes. plant they valley, were wheat, land... and Salt the sow Lakesaw

talk the exploring brethren of about Some is gather the gospel, to our preach duty covregion desert barren the viewing site for settlement; for farther a the country Israel, build temples. tithing our and pay salt sage, and sunflowers, with ered I that willing country the I replied that was 121, Autobiography, Brown, (James pp. millions infested with country all satisfied, until explored should were be flats—a 122.) of many were black of and retime out went every a party but crickets—as

of followers. These I men firmly, their agree pioneer turned, they believe would the vindicated Prophet has Time Joof locate. is for eyes to this Histhe us Journal the spot ( through looking wereGod his successor, seph and Smith Brigham

28, tory, 1847, ]uly Ms.) the therefore, they saw prophets;holy their in the that declarations Young,

future in the it be as would BasinGreat valley the surrounding Salt said: and later Lake he Sometime of thrift and industry the result of as a right the region intermountain place was

I to understand people the not do want blessings the with coupled people the in establish to peochosen which God's I being to with our anything that do had later Wiloccasion a Lord. the of On ple build to Zion. hundred up and of the that the providence here; A was moved entrance the described Woodruff ford passed, years it that and of have the Mormons power Almighty; God was Salt Lake the into band Pioneer the of I his never people. salvation to out filled literally left wrought history with a have

valley, and he pointed out exactly what could have devised such a plan. (Journal noble deeds and Herculean accomplishBrigham Young beheld. To quote: of Discourses, vol. 4, p. 41.) ments made by a devout, Godfearing

people. great honor Credit have and into canon the of out came we When in 1849, rush of the gold the time At intermountain to the been brought of side I the turned fullmy valley, the of view *"* anxof the were Mormons some Presand result west, the contributions the the to as of west open around, carriage

region desert barren leave the ious to took his and bed from arose in the forefathers pioneer ident Young our made by a survey of the country. While gazing on of Utah and migrate to California. building of this American frontier.

in public enwrapped again a us, made he was Brigham Young before scene the is the Place!""This Truly the seen had minutes. several the for led He that had vision announcement God I testiIn conclusion, to bear want this ocvision, upon and in before valley quote: this place. Saints to To I is that the that Jesus mony know and of Zion glory future the he saw casion

I lives. that that Christ and in know the God fryingplanted the of out be, kicked been have would they Israel, as of We

vision that the the also thoroughly fire convinced fire, into the the of the out into mountains. I am these pan When of valleys

had passed, he said: "It is enough. This middle of the floor, and here we are and Mormon pioneers were brought to

is the right place, drive on."(Wilford here we will stay. God has shown me that this land under the direction of our

his people, is here locate to in this and the spot p. 23, cited Pioneers, Utah Woodruff, the of we, the descendants Lord. May

prosper. is will they 224.) where cit, vol. 3, p. op. Roberts, pioneers, heritage great that ever honor strong get here gather. and.. Saints the As live that is true to the ideals ours and enassociates his and will land, Brigham temper the possess to God enough Then

tered the valley and joined Pratt's the climate, and we shall build a city and and high spiritual standards that they group. He assured Pratt that he had a temple to the Most High God in this left for us, I humbly pray, in the name

selected the right spot on which to loplace. We will extend our settlements to of Jesus Christ. Amen.

BRUCE R.

McCONKIE Of the Birst Council of the Seventy

Address delivered at the Saturday morning session of the 117th annual general conference, April 5, 1947, in the Tabernacle

know that Jesus is the Son of the

I Livingfied forGodthe andsinsthatof hethewasworld.cruci-I McConkie,President Bruceof theR.

know that he came into the world with FirstSeventy,Councilvisitingof bethe with to be mission tween sessions appointed definitelythe

S. Howard President of men. and the Saviorthe Redeemer of Brigham McDonald

I know of him, as he himself said to Young University.

the Nephites:

... I came into the world to do the will

of my Father, because my Father sent me.

And my Father sent me that I might be lifted up upon the cross (III Nephi 27:

13, 14.) go back into our Father's kingdom. I I think that this is the second great

This I believe to be the great burden testify and know of Joseph Smith, as message of the restored gospel in this of the message of the restored gospel. the inspired document which announced day. And in addition to that, because

I believe and know also, by the revhis martyrdom states: a testimony must be brought up to date

elations of the Holy Ghost to my soul, if it is to have any saving force and instrument Smith was thethat Joseph in this restoringin his hands of day the theJosephLord, Smith,has donethe more,ProphetsaveandJesusSeeronly,of valueI knowin thatthe livesthe keysof men,of Ithetestifykingdomthat fulness of those principles and authorifor the salvation of men in this world, than have continued with the Saints from ties and graces whereby you and I can any other man that ever lived in it. the days of Joseph Smith, and that

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

practise the principles those that stand in need of comfort, and BRUCE R. McCONKIE We must

which we learn and make them a living to stand as a witness of God at all times,

George Albert Smith who stands at the part of our lives. and in all things, and in all places, and

head today is the Lord's anointed and And as a fourth step, because a testithen having that desire in his heart, he the Living Oracle. mony comes by the revelations of the will want to covenant in the waters of

It is all well and good to sing praises Holy Ghost and not from any other baptism to do righteously in return for to the ancient prophets and build sepsource, we must pray to the Lord in having the Spirit of the Lord poured ulchres to their names, but there is no humility and in faith and beseech him out upon him in abundance.

salvation in that fact standing alone. to reveal to us whether this work is And I think that that covenant is the

If men in this world in our day want to true or whether it is not. In writing of second step in the plan of salvation, and

go back to our Father's kingdom, it is the things that were on the gold plates, that the third step is to press forward incumbent upon them to come to the Moroni said this with a steadfastness in Christ, having

Living in exercised Oracle have and a perfect brightness of hope a love and shall things, these receive when ye Andtheir priestthe behalf authority the of of of all and men, then as God and that exhort ask you would God, ye livehood. accept must They and wrote: in Ithewould eternal if Nephi in the Father, of Christ, name

the with counsels of thoseharmony men these things true; are not shall and if ye If shall press forward, ye feasting upon has today. chosenwhom God heart, sincere ask with real intent, a with the of Christ, words endure and to end, the faith in Christ, will having the he manifest behold, saith thus the Father: shall that receiveth have receiveth servants Ye my it truth of you, the the unto of by power life. eternal (II 31:20.) Nephime. 84:36.)...(D.6Che Ghost. Holy

of the by the power And Holy Ghost if the other not hand And on we do one occasion ye /\N Christ preached a all the things. truth of may know (Moroni the thereceive servants of Lord, do we sermon the doctrine where 10:4, was 5.)

not receive the Lord. very strong, the sermon on the bread

is there person, a not "VTow a Godlife. of it, After he done had multithe first the of judgment one cornerTn my fearing righteous in and person tudes, including disciples, the to began all this in of righteousness stones this this world, to fall cannot come who I and turned, away, he suppose and is for for get to himself person aworld that it obedience and kingdom to law, by a with note of sadness, was said to thea revelations the of knowledge, by steps, embracing those for four gain the Twelve

this his that soul, to GhostHoly work is himself that this a knowledge work also "Will ye away?"go

isin true. are engaged which we How true, is a that the knowledge Jesus then Peter Simon And to was who get suchdoes a one knowledge? God Christ, that the Smith Joseph head his was be mouthpiece, the Living Oracle

is he, respecter of persons no and this of dispensation that the and for keys day, that said: spoke up and to will the revealthrough Ghost, Holy the of are Saints the with kingdom toto Lord, the abides shall personevery upon law go? thou hast whom who we day. strayed has not Church The away.

the life. of eternal words believe is receipt that revelation the of Andwhich we is the This Lord's work. This Church are sure that and art that thou Christ, the this thatpredicated, a knowledge work is literally the of earth, kingdom on God living of the Son God. 6:68, (John 69.) firstis true. in step complying with The is the in and Lord's there hand it, and

that law is for a person to desire to is inspiration at the head. There is no That is the condition that the Latterare to their given accordingknow. Men Saints are in today. peace, is day the and there have there is no safety; We unlessdesires, their desire in they and revelations of heaven. has or solace no salvation spoken or or comfort God

hearts to know that this work is true, anything like these for the Latterday in this day. Light and knowledge have

that Jesus is the Christ and that Joseph Saints outside the kingdom. On the been poured out upon us, and there is

Smith was a Prophet of God, they will outside there is darkness and anguish no place in all this world that we can effort, exert thenever they and find spirit or solace peace will of turmoil of heart and everyand or comfort—unless will withnever which comply the law the keep thing that upsets commandments that leads we and a man of God

entitle them to know. And I think that him on the broad course that goes and desire to do the things that he

the second step is that they must study down. But there are peace and joy for wants us to do.

the principles of the kingdom. The us here in this life, and there is a hope I do not know anything in this world

Lord does not pour a testimony into a of eternal life for us hereafter, if we that is greater than to have the convacuum. Men have to know what the stand by the Church, and if we hearken stant companionship of the Holy Ghost,

doctrines of the kingdom are. Men are to the counsels that come from the and that is the gift of the Holy Ghost,

saved no faster than they gain knowlLiving Oracles today. They are the and every Saint has been promised that

edge of Jesus Christ and the principles voice of God to the Latterday Saints in connection with his baptism; and I

of salvation. No man can be saved in and to the world in the day in which do not think there is anything greater

ignorance of Jesus Christ and the laws we live. in eternity than to have the companionof salvation. Christ said to the Jews: The first thing that a person ought to ship of those of the.celestial world, to

exaltation have lives, eternal and do for himself that this and is to know work scriptures; the for Search ye in them

that is the thing that is true, has promised been and after that he gets of kind eternal theythink are they life: and ye have

which testify of me. (John 5:39.) knowledge in his heart, he will have a to the Saints on condition that they

desire to work the works of righteousobey the law, that they keep the comHe said in our day as the preface to ness. He will want to do as Alma said mandments of God.

his Book of Commandments: at the waters of Mormon. To mourn Now there is nothing in this world

Search these commandments, for they are with those that mourn; and to comfort that I would rather do than have the

faithful, propheciestrue the and and and - privilegeof devotingof preachingsuch time andthe gospelabilitiesandas shall all in arepromises be which them fulfilled. AIRPLANE the Lord may bless me with to the buildWe have to learn of the doctrines By Josephine Hamlin ingbeyondup ofanyhisabilitykingdom.that II haveam gratefulto exof the kingdom if we ever in this world /iant darning needle, press for the privilege of being a memexpect to gain a revelation that those J Seaming earth to sky, ber of the First Council of the Seventy

doctrines are true. What's your destination, and of mingling with you Latterday

And the third step is that we must Flying up so high? Saints and traveling in the stakes of

carry learn. cargoes principles thepractise you which Now we I Zion, pray the that and will bless Lord

people, laughing, gay, And said LordThe will bless and his me out and you pour Intent peaceful on missions spirit the Saints, that upon keep may we.. his that doctrine is not mine, but Burgeoning skyway.. My

sent me. If any man will do his will, he shall You were meant for beauty, the commandments of God and be enknow of the doctrine, whether it be of God, For succor and delight. titled to the great blessings that flow

or whether I speak of myself. (John 7:16You should never carry therefrom, and I ask it in the name of

17.) Screaming death at night. Jesus Christ. Amen.

MAY 1947 323 On This Foundation Of Knowledge

The Encyclopedia Americana, handsomely bound, provides an indispensable source for home and business reference. Its 24,000,000 words—280,000 separate

index entries—more than 65,000 subjects bring to

you the essential information to be found only in thousands of volumes.

Your children in grammar school, high school and college will be saved countless hours of exhaustive, painstaking research.

Mothers will find it of tremendous assistance in home building, making use of its help in child psychology, child care, interior decoration, homeEducation making—and for numerous social and club activities.

their in of it important Fathers find many phases origin eduThe Modern affairs... their fraternal... their businesses civic and

cational and history, procedures sperules, playing interests in hobbies and sports.

cifically classified for factual fields and courts, with dimenWithin the covers of Encyclopedia Americana is adeasy reference. Education; sioned diagrams supplegathered the crowded panorama of life—man's

military, technical, engineermented with illustrations. ventures in industry, art, literature, science and

inspiring history of the world. It is ing, labor, adult, kindergarten medicine—the

and mental tests. clear, concise, accurate... written in an easyto-

understand manner, and its Index makes every factual reference instantly available to you.

tavbhly illustrated 48 page PREVIEW of Encyclopedia Americana now on the press

Use this coupon. Reserve your copy today

ENCYCLOPEDIA AMERICANA IEM Ct?WW<w/ltUt>-—2 W.Gentlemen:45th Street,PleaseNewacceptYork without19, N. Y.cost or obligation this reservation for my 48 page Preview of Encyclopedia Americana

Name MERICANA.State,

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA concensus was that he'd better finish the job. HOW'S YOUR

\X/"e now live on a small farm and have yet to tire reading the adPIONEERING? vertisements of the wonderful warborn aids to postwar living. Recently

Dad admitted not sleeping well.

By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR. "Yesterday I was up before the sun

and started to spray weeds,"he said.

"After I sprayed the entire section, it got light enough for me to see the label on the can. I had made a

mistake. It wasn't weedkiller at all

that I had been using. It was my can am a spiritual descendant of the history books—his, or thousands of of pest control. All last night I had "Mormon"pioneers—rather other names—unless you imagine nightmares of seeing the house over-I than physical—and yet, my love the unrecorded history behind the shadowed with the weeds that I had for them is as real as if I were actudreams they made come true—in helped in growth."

ally of their flesh and blood. When canals, roads, orchards, industries, Pioneers? It's all a point of view.my people first heard the message of and most important—homes. Pioneering? There's still room for

gospel, the quick they restored were for a hunnecessity it. And it—a it with to study mind an open and "Ry maternal grandparents, too, be hence someone dred years may

soon applied for baptism. Then the were convertemigrants of a searching for anecdotes and somespirit of gathering came. And once date that was never considered "piothing to shed light on this "primitive

they were gathered, they were acneering."And yet we marvel at the twentieth century."

cepted into the group and did some family they reared on their meager real pioneering in an outlying disincome. One Sunday afternoon they

F. MERRILL trict. And if I could choose my heritwere having the dignitaries of the JOSEPH

age from them, other than my local Scandinavian colony to dinner, (Concluded from page 286)

Church membership, it would be to or so the story goes. Grandpa "Drethren and sisters, how beautiful

is great of the Lord! the way How convicthatcarry courage same and his throat, cleared and Grandma allforgiveness! his and mercy How into faith tion as they and my work looked her to conversation from up love! his embracing

to desert. the helping subduehad in plate the see that empty. bread was largely it is teachings to the very But

My family? Why, it's little difShe returned to her conversation. and labors of the Prophet Joseph Smith

ferent from the thousands that came Grandpa cleared his throat again. that the modern world is indebted for a

to Utah before the railroad and the She paid no attention. The third salvation,correct interpretationand exaltationof thethatplantheofLordlife,

tens of thousands that have come time Grandpa cleared his throat she has provided for his children to follow since by modern transportation. got up, disappeared into the kitchen, if they would care to return to his

that I close the thought with Joseph prayed they all in worked and in knife a butcher one and handThey—andall came for a common purpose came back with a full loaf of bread presence. his teachings, claims, his his Smith, and the together other.and rejoiced the when wouldn't anwant "You are remarkable so achievements very

West became their home. other piece of bread, would you, in character that they challenge every

Brudder Swenson?... Sister Swennormal human being able to do so, to

HThe first member of my family to son?... Brudder Johnson?... Sister make an honest and thorough investigathis is join the Church was my grandJohnson?... Brudder Jenson?... tion of them. A refusal to do

father. He was a member of the first And you, Sister Jenson?"The only painfullikely to regretsbring sometime,and handicapssomewhere,as a

company of Scandinavians to travel polite answer, of course, was: "No, consequence. Certainly every member

by rail from New York to Ogden. thanks, we've had plenty."The of the Church, in justice to himself,

Although the trip from Europe had bread disappeared back into the should rouse up to the performance of taken a surprisingly short time, he kitchen uncut, and Grandma rethis important duty. May every one of

had seen romances blossom, marriturned to her guests. How was inus worthilyrespondingseekto thethe helpcallsofofthedutyLordI

ages performed, an epidemic of Grandpa, a mere man, to know that pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

measles break out among the chilit was the only bread in the house, dren, and death strike twice, only to and no flour until after pay day, sevHAROLD B. LEE

be cheated when a third victim was eral days away? [Concluded from page 290)

saved by administration by the Holy youth the way by which this happiness

Priesthood. He now stood in ankleThere was a great uncle of mine will come, and let us plan our banquets

deep dust in the tithing yard of Salt who brought home one of those newthefor opportunityyouth in suchto abanquetway totheirgiveleadersyouth

Lake City that starry night in Aufangled razors with which to shave rather than for their leaders to make all gust 1869, looking at the sprawling for the first time in his life. Laborithe sacrifice for the benefit of youth.

city. "So this is Zion,"he mused, ously he took the fullgrown beard Give them the joy of service and ex-

"and my troubles are at an end."off one side of his face. Then he pect from them such sacrifices as may

And then he chuckled, "the first called the family circle together besarynecessaryto lay holdto uponbuildeternalthe faithlife, neces-I pray end."with: "Which side of my face do humbly in the name of the Lord Jesus

You'll never find his name in the you prefer?"I believe the general Christ. Amen.

MAY 1947 325 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 313) bella was indignant with sympathy for that he was forced to endorse Mr.since she and Arabella had quarreled, George. "You don't suppose—Lewis'report. "I cast a negative vote,"

left her. She reached for the baby, and "Of course I do!"Mary interrupted. he said, and joined a crowd of his

Arabella laid the plump, sweet bundle "Why else did Benjamin Perkins bring friends who stood back of the rock of a child into them. his wife's sister over from Wales?"pulpit.

"Want to carry him to the meeting?""George looks pretty mad,"Arabella Kumen Jones took the stand. In a

she asked, climbing down from her laughed. "I'll bet the next time he quiet voice, devoid of personal feelhe'll courting, hiswagon. out be on felt guard ing, they told he people he what

I 'Oh, or other Ben, not—startsagainst any guess man."trip. details of the wanted yes! No—no, to hear—thethe faltered, his in instincts unerring almost are "I hopeMary a breath. as in the the ledge found crack above "We

"Folks might talk."She folded the in love as they are at scouting,"Mary the Colorado,"he said, "but we could

baby's long tucked dresses up under said, showing a bit of temper. "Aranot get down through it, even on foot.

his feet, kissed his cheek softly, and bella, I'm going to help him!"But proceeding north to the mouth of

handed him back to Arabella. "Mary, what could you do?"Escalante Creek, we found a ledge that

"Has Kumen told you anything about "You'll see!"Mary tossed her head. we thought we could get down.We torethe scouting trip?"Arabella asked, "Sh-s-s—the meeting is about to beour blankets into strips and lowered

helping Mary to get back her natural ginourselves over the cliff to a broad shelf poise. "What they saw, or anything?"There was sudden, quiet attention. about half way to the river's edge. On

"Not a thing, Arabella. It makes me The four scouts took their places near it we found an old wagon box that

feel a little frightened. I know if it the rock that Silas Smith had chosen Bishop Schow and James Collett had

was good news he'd have told me, for a pulpit. The meeting was opened left there, months before. We dragged

mighty quick."by a prayer and a song that went floatit along the cliff for about a mile, and

ing like the desert, over wind a river. it, zigzag, to the that then lowered Seated in the rocks, sand, or on low

trails floor. the scouts a canyon Then got Sliding and scrambling by turns, we loneliness,encompassed by with no

fires to push back the shadows, the were called to make their individual down after it. We found two old

river the the and boards bank of oncamp had gathered to hear the scouts'reports.

George Lewis spoke first. Loudly exfor for paddles our wagonused themreport.

plaining the not could company go why the cross boat, to proceeded and box early,"said. "We're "We'll Mary it found, better unless route a on were river."

time to lookhave around see and who's his be. plain verdict would what was sigh of through admiration went Ahere. in that The company new came declared, couple a he met "Why,""we the audience, eyes and Kumen's things spicedhas up, think?"don't you of prospectors been roaming who've in response. job!"twinkled mean "No "Apparently,"said, Arabella and this for years, country over you and leaked laughed. conveyance he "Our her voicelowered to confidential a their guffaws heard should have when all sieve! the like furiously Bailing awhisper. "Look, Mary! George Hobbs told take aiming to them were we we time, across, one and went two men joined set! sitting thehas younger He's families in to our San Juan. wagons all until third get to a man, back came

girl, thatwith Sarah Wilisn't Welsh new in there enough say They money us four of were trips—and over—threeliams."trail state to build our whole donkey a that explored hours! almost many We to less I road!"a San Juan, never! much wagon "Well, can't a speak She six days. for country the But eastward

word of English."He paused effectively. "I cast a negais so cut up and wild, we got only ten

tive vote."isn't she, "She's lovely, river. miles inland the are Mary?"from We that Surprised there no response was in far the of the too Grand draws first down girl "She's the ever has George his listeners, sat from and turned he I it through. get to seems, Canyon, am least the to. ispaid attention goThis down. cast vote."forced negative a toing interesting!"to be into edged Mary shiftHutchings, nervously Williamthe crowd, for making place herself a sat and Hobbs George down, Kumen ing foot other, the one from to couldand Arabella. Arabella,""Look, his standing place, folded with she hardly express himself. He regretted tookwhispered, "there lips, tight reis Ben the last Perkins. He's arms and to make

whispering to Sarah Williams. She's port.

his sisterin-law, you know.""It is formidable country!"he said.

"And she's getting up to go!"AraISRAEL'S GLORIOUS DAY "I hope I never see worse! But I think

By Archibald F, Bennett we can get through"

A stunned silence followed the is the most Silas Smith dawning! words and made

afar,Dear Gleaner Israel'sLong dispersedglorious indaylands stands adjourned!"of it. "This meeting

{Concluded from page 265) Now her covenant children gather he cried. "We will consider the scouts'

heritage plus today's opportunities. From the ravaged realms of war reports."

land of Joseph; the promised To great accomplish things, canYou and his for talk policy, Let was men talk, love; there in Dwelling and peace notyou will be held want to back by their opinions get they would! Let them bright salvation; with Clothed upon

any characteristics, qualities, or actions Crowned in power from above. out of their systems. In their own camps

that might make other people doubttheir talk would be unofficial. He must

fully ask this important question about Israel's mighty mission opens forestall the disaster of a premature you. Aim high; you cannot miss your To all kindreds of the earth; vote!

gospel of the heralds Sending far. In achieving will bymark it, you

priceless of worth; (To be continued) news With gladcarry others along the to with you

in temples holyheights, will for they from know before, ones the loved gone your MinisteringForappearance, speech, actions, your your saviors on Chosen Mounthow fine your mind and your heart are, To the families of yore. Zion

and they will want to go with you.

Sincerely yours, Hear, O Lord, our fervent pleadings!

Prompt thy sons in every land To preserve the ancient records;

Guide them by almighty hand!

Then, in sacrifice, we'll bring thee

Offerings in righteousness;

General Secretary Records worthy of acceptance

Y.WM.1.A. That will every nation bless.

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I I 5mtdma H—Mi A mon$ YOUTH f r

Address delivered at the Friday afternoon session of the 117th annual general conference, &9

April 4, 1947, in the Tabernacle PRESIDING BISHOP Thisspecialis thetributeyear thatand wehonorare payingto our pioneers. Many of us are descended from them. They made great sacrifices to come to these valleys of the

mountains. They left their homes, and

President Grant used to say they left willingly because they had to. They

could not bring very much with them in the way of this world's goods, but they brought something that was more precious than all else in this world. They

brought with them faith in the Living

God and in the Prophet of this dispensation and in the Holy Scriptures.

L. Wirthlin, left, and Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson We are told that by faith the worlds Bishop LeGrand Richards, center, Bishop Joseph

were formed, and of the many mighty things that been wrought days have is this to see there room to no one in ultimately who Mounthe Rocky come live the prophetspast of God. by Wein their traditions of follows parents live to the of tains, should them and many that the prophets of old in a day have

this regard."added, he "Ninepeople in Saints a mighty see the Then become foreseen, the of marvelous many when

the things taught of you percent of the ty by valleys the in Rocky Mounstore things that his here in for had God is false."It parents tains. this your utterance prophetic was children pass. In the to should come

words of Paul from the voice of him whom they knew Many of our young people would not to be a Prophet of God that encouraged have been influenced by the statement

That in the dispensation of the fulness of them to go on and to meet every obof that professor, but there are others in together gather times one might he in their all stacle that way. came been. might parents have As who we in heaven, are in Christ, things both which their Saints enemies, and had The close children should our to be enough in him. earth; {Eph. are on even and which at great persecutions they to meet had faith their that enable would to know 1:10.)

their hands before they came into these them to withstand even such an attack

And God never decreed such a fulness valleys. The evil one is still alert. He as that on the teachings of their parents.

of gospel dispensation for any other is seeking to lead away the souls of As far as I am concerned, I do not like period of time. men and women from following after to see our tax money go to pay the

Some of you will remember reading God. And right in our own community, salaries of such apostles of infidelity,

the words of Roger Babson in Fundain this land that was established by our and I believe that not only do the Latmentals of Prosperity, when he told of pioneer fathers who came here in terday Saints feel this way about it an interview he had with the president search of God that they might worship but also most of our Christian neighof the Argentine Republic when the Almighty God according to the dicbors and friends. It is not their right

president asked him how he accounted tates of their own consciences, there are to come into our schools and destroy for the fact that notwithstanding that many things transpiring, seeking to the faith of our children.

South America had so many more natlead away the hearts of our young peoPeter of old said:

ural resources than North America, ple, particularly, from believing the so that so precious things and were so America muchNorth had made of sure also a more word We have fato of the hearts our pioneer dear prophecy; well greater whereunto South progress than America. ye do that ye

Roger Babson asked the president what thers. take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a

he thought was the reason, and he said dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts. (II Peter 1: it thought, and had given he much recently talking with who, he T was a man

19.) those that it decided because was who colin attending state one of our

in search to South wentwent America professor the in leges, heard the room is as I there as far And am concerned to those of gold and who came this class: "Is question to his North propound in this nothing than world more sure

in search of God.America came there this class anyone in has who any the of prophecy. word The Redeemer

it brings brothers and sisters, And so, that there idea whatever is any way of the said that, world us back to a realization that "except the possibly to foretell the events of the

Lord build the house"as the prophet future?"Heaven and earth shall pass away, but

of old said, "they labor in vain that He was a college man; he was their my words shall not pass away. (Matthew

build it."God has been building this professor; and there was not one of 24:35.)

land of North America, and not only the students who dared take issue with that, but he has also been building the him. But I. have asked myself, and I And our boys and girls ought to realize

work that has been accomplished here think every father and mother in Israel this and know that the words of the in these valleys of the mountains. ought to ask themselves, what would prophets will be fulfilled.

my boy or girl have said if that ques- '"pHE Saints were never discouraged tion had been propounded to them. "you Latterday Saints who live in

because the Prophet of this disThey may not have given the answer, these valleys of the mountains and pensation had said that they should but in their own souls they would have see this magnificent temple here, on this suffer much persecution and should had an answer. And when no one dared block, know that it is here in fulfilment

continue to be driven until they should answer, the professor said, "I am glad (Concluded on page 328)

MAY 1947 327 they because of sorrowing of acres they the and of came valleys—thousands RICHARDS LeGRAND

irrigated being their homes. desert driven lands are from were And now page 327) {Concluded from

all this three in the "rivers did wells, flowing and Jeremiah from know how of the words of the prophets Isaiah and desert,"and when you travel up and thousand years ago if, according to the

Micah, when they said: down these states, and particularly in teacher 1 have referred to, there is no

Idaho, and see the great service canals way men can know things before they

And it shall come to pass in the last days, led out of the Snake River, they are actually transpire?

that the mountain of the Lord's house shall literally rivers of water. Jeremiah saw And then read the final climax of

in the the established of top mountains,be sing in the gathering, the that the great Lord people and "... come how

hills; shall exalted the beand above and rejoicing into their height Zion,"of 31:12.) For should turn (Jer. sorrow

it. all shall flow nations unto

rejoice this eighteen splendid years should old nearly and young and their shall say, people and go many Come And ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Tabernacle Choir has been singing together in the dance, and they should

Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and over the radio to all the world out of sorrow no more at all, and he should

he will teach us of his ways, and we will the heights of Zion, and where else can satiate the souls of his priests with fatwalk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go you look to find a fulfilment of these ness (see Jer. 31:1214); and I want

forth the law, and the word of the Lord words of prophecy? to tell you that even though the elders

from Jerusalem. (Isaiah 2:2, 3. See also of Israel are not paid for their servMicah 4:1, 2.) HThe thirtyfirst chapter of Jeremiah ices, there are no ministers of religion

Is there any unbelief in this world is but "Mormon"history written in all the world as well paid as the that can stop the God of Israel from nearly three thousand years ago when elders of this Church.

fulfilling such promises as this? Every the Lord said through Jeremiah: God grant that we may have the faith

fathers, and pioneer as our to carry on I I this temple, aroundtime walk wonthat the shall there watch- a day, be For plant to that have the power may we these of old could prophetsder what shall cry, the Ephraim mount upon man children in the hearts our faith of that that seen could beenhave have more the let to unto ye, Zion us Arise up and go noble of our that be worthy may we glorious beautiful thangrand and and Jer. 31:6.) our God. Lord (

the temple of God established in the heritage, I pray in the name of Jesus tops of these mountains. These prophThen he indicates that the Lord would Christ. Amen.

ets did not only say that it should be gather them from the coasts of the establishing here, but they also said that earth, and with them the blind and the men and women should come from all lame, the woman with child, a great this thither. return earth, should gatheringnations of the company and They JOSEPH L

the of is a witness divinity should weeping and suppliwithhere today come of their prophetic words. cations, and he promised that he would If there were time, I would like to cause them to walk by the rivers of WIRTHLIN

show you what the prophets saw about waters in a straight way, wherein they the development of these valleys of should not stumble. And when the Of the Presiding Bishopric

the mountains, the fulfilment of which pioneers came to these valleys of the is recorded in the history that has since mountains, they traveled some six hunAddress delivered at the Saturday been written by the coming of the piodred miles along the Platte and North afternoon session of the 117th neers. Isaiah saw rivers of water flowPlatte rivers, fulfilling literally the annual general conference,

ing down from the high places which, words of Jeremiah in the gathering of April 5, 1947. in the

as far as I can interpret, is nothing the people to Ephraim's mountains, and Tabernacle more than the great reservoirs that they did come as a great multitude and have been constructed in our mounwith them their sick and their lame and sincerely trust, my brethren and tains, and he saw fountains in the midst the blind and the woman with child, sisters, that I may enjoy the Spirit I of the Lord and have an interest in after tabernacle the first session of the annual general A portion of the crowd leaving the during the prayers and few your faith

April 4, 1947. conference

I you. that before shall stand moments

The ancient one declared:

For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he.

... (Prov. 23:7.)

This ancient writer fully understood the relationship between our minds and our hearts and the deeds that would come from our thinking as expressed in the emotions and passions that we find in our hearts. "First the thought

and then the deed.""Noble thoughts,

noble deeds."Shelley declared:

"Strange thoughts beget strange deeds."

For a moment or two I would like to consider with you the sources of our thoughts. I think they fall in four

categories: what one sees, what one

hears, what one reads, and then that great source of thought that comes to us through the inspiration of the Lord's

Holy Spirit, provided that we are so clean and sweet in our thinking and in our deeds that we might enjoy the association of the Holy Ghost. Time does

not permit to discuss these four sources of thoughts, hence I should like to speak about the third one, what one reads.

Sometime ago I stood in a railroad station waiting for a train. Having

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN some little time on my hands, I was attracted to the magazine rack, and there

I counted fortyseven magazines that had to do with crime and sex problems, all of them procurable at a price from ten to twentyfive cents each. I have

observed as I have traveled over the country during the period of the war, the material that our boys in the armed forces have been reading. In many instances I found them reading the same

kind of material that I noticed on the Portion of crowd magazine rack in the depot. ating,conferenceawaitinglunchnext

/\f recent date there are certain writsession.

ers in our country who are using biblical characters around which they build stories, and, unfortunately, they are not portraying to the reading public of America the fine qualities of these their characters rathergreat but weak-

I to are of think parents leave prone that because profanity mention much we intonesses. there Recently came my

girls the spells literature of this boys out our matter and what modernday old. of story about ahands David

vile in think in the the oaths the of of hands type most bold too much some five four or dechapters wereSome schools. indicated heard. ever that of Richards Bishop us have As any relationship his to the withvoted wife

is all in being these doctrine taught yesterday, of change a about What in Uriah, described misuchof and girls will that underthat conditions? Is there not something to our boys and detail vuldisgusting tonute as be and

I faith, the their to that the mine brought be can say about awaken andgar.

is going of destiny to us deghold to a accountable people Lord American sensational are newspapers There if spiritually, fail invenweakness, as parents to radation take and an we life. side the of play morbidwhich up

is unless physically, the of tory taught to being mentally, our boys and what are newspapers which haveThere some in girls learning institutions are reading of the of material sources and strips strips, socalled,comic which and is in that, that affording land. as paronly the changed, only which Not weI inculcating into sure the are minds am in cultural? uplifting, the ents careful noble, are usually about and very As girls that hearts of our boys andand

finger of the associates the sons daughkind of ancient our days and when God if that, are thoughts they them,read

I ters shall of to Babylon, the of Israel to say have. want wrote But doom into in will get deeds, themexpressed

serious difficulty. this same penalty hangs over any nayou there are other associates to which

that the extent to forgets that careful also contion give should very God we birth are conbooks There on now is in sideration; the they Bible and namely, found homes the few bookstrol, marriage, law books on common not are all, read, for, after country of the than the are youth books more where that are not other booksand many of intimate. teachings the familiar are associates so with because Holy they the to best the or moralsconducive

that that just as the Babylon us Yes, Let was books remember them. In a Scripture.thinking read of those who of these accounting young and called to an by young men the God women class of 7,600 taken middlerecent poll

average homes, the startling fact was Israel, so will the people of this great read will store away in the storehouse revealed that forty percent of these nation be called to an accounting for of memory the thoughts that will either alike to old be inmotivate and youth them to deeds of nobleness orhomes did not own a Bible. permitting

evil. principles the of the doctrinated with

Dr. Walter Athren conducted a evil one through the reading of immoral In every Latterday Saint home we

survey which covered the entire counand vulgar literature. should find the library of the Lord. It

try. This survey showed that seventy What about us, members of the is small as far as the number of books

percent of the youth of America grow Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday is concerned. There are but four, the

from infancy to maturity without any Saints? The Lord has loved us to the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Docconstructive, systematic instruction and extent that he has been kind enough trine and Covenants, and the Pearl of

training either in morals or religion, and to give us the safeguards against evil Great Price. In addition to these there

from sixtyfive to seventy out of every thoughts, for he has revealed to us: can be purchased thousands of books

up children brought are hundredone inspired sure and diliwritten men, faith, by I am not as all seek ye have And Bible. In adin utter of the ignorance in of wisanother words us to teach our expects gently one that the and have Lord

dition to all of these, we must not fordom; yea, seek ye out of the best books homes his library. Brigham Young

get the fact that we are spending, in the words of wisdom; seek learning, even by made it plain that without the library

intoxifor faith. 88:118.) States, more C. andUnited study money also by (D. & in of the darkness Lord walk would we

in spent is being than beveragescating of Kirtland, in the days back Then, Spirit enjoy that the not and would we the interests of education. there was set up the School of the of our Heavenly Father. Brigham

sole acfor of the purpose Prophets this to say: had Young It all this to? up does add"\\7hat

that best leaders quainting the our with "* the carefully the reading and Old On call delinto what up adds we in could be and found wisdom, among that the discover Testaments can we New has the time I think butquency, come this things said that other the of revelations given majority was to manthe to shall use have whennow we daily their in to anciently regard kind for high the were school only not was because delinquency""generalterm duties; in the path. follow same The it we priests, the for also deacons. but was the not onlythis embraces delinquency the revelations in contained the Bible and all that intended the so Lord And too. adults of but the land us, of toyouth are examples and Book Mormon revealed revealed wisdom, enjoy should

the of conDoctrine that and consider to Covenants stop over book youWhen truth, to enabled that carry might be we this tains they direct to revelation Church; in the divorces of theninety percent his forth great and consummate work us, to to are not a guide wish do and we is States are caused what byUnited earth. his the plans here upon to not them do away; want them do we infidelity, nothing means whichtermed

set aside. obsolete to them become and We the in responsibility great guiding 'T'he to immorality, less adding than ormore the revelations in of the to continue wish

general delinquency out of which is dethinking of youth rests in the home. Lord Jesus Christ day by day, and to have

veloped vandalism, immorality, mental That obligation rests squarely upon the his Spirit with us continually. If we can

and physical indolence, and profanity. shoulders of parents. I sometimes (Concluded on page 330)

MAY 1947 329..."thought, have sufworked, and men and is he, heart, in his thinketh so WIRTHLIN JOSEPH L

is fered, achieved, from books; and good I for in the of which Jesus pray name (Concluded page 329) from and of the precious is one most wisdom Christ. Amen. in darkness walkdo no more we shall gifts the give. to that SoloLord has When

life. shall light in of thebut (Dis'walk this,we king, of old he the asked made was mon

courses of Brigham Young, 1943 edition, p. Lord for wisdom only, and because he did

12.) not ask for the lives of his enemies, nor for

there sure are Latterday no I am all riches, the wealth, honor, Lord gave and B.

Saints in THORPE also that but here of these anxious then are and to him what wisdom their children will understand the revgreat abundance, so that from that time until as the stood has now, wise Solomonelations Bible, in as the found in the ISAACSON the of ages. man of in the Doctrine andBook Mormon, the Presiding Bishopric Of

sisters, if too, brethren Then, and we often Covenants.and or do you How

I ever sit down with our children and are going to have the kind of home Address delivered at the Saturday take up one of the sections of the Docthat Latterday Saints should have, we afternoon session of the 117th trine and Covenants, point out the great might well follow the counsel found in annual general conference, truths revealed therein, and what it will Proverbs 24:3-9: April 5, 1947. in the

do if we apply these truths in our daily Through wisdom is an house builded; and Tabernacle

it is established: understanding by by Andlives? sisters; brothers, dear dear my filled shall the with chambers be knowledge

I feel I sure, timid and, very am all riches. pleasant it precious the wise time and has f think come when A

in this appearing before humble is strong; of a yea, knowledge man man fine thing My to a be take would

fine large in gathering this of people strength. increaseth counsel wise For by leastat verse one a and have week

I historic shalt in building. war: will formultitude and thou thy make you know

it.the family whole memorize Think is is safety. of there counsellors I if Wisdom give well, me, ask you who know me toldof Brother what Cowley Matthew fool: his for high too not openeth he a I that interest in have your an may his fayesterday with reference to in that deviseth gate. the to do mouth He faith for the prayers next and few mothe nineteen of having age evil shall person. called mischievous a beusther—at I feel ments; the dependent very upon is sin: foolishness the thought of and four eightythreememorized The hundred

I help shall the of Lord; appreciate and is to men. scorner abomination an I scripture.verses of quite sure am assistance. your this forget that let the into of glory the us young miswentwhen Never man

sion field he was able to teach the gosGod is intelligence, and that no man I have been deeply touched by the pel of Jesus Christ vigorously, intelliwill be saved faster than he gains fine messages that we have listened to gently, and to do a great work. If we knowledge and intelligence. Theretoday. I know they have made me more

were to teach our children one verse of fore, as we think of our minds and our humble. I appreciate the lovely music

the scriptures a week, that would thoughts as related to our hearts, our from this great university [Brigham amount to about fiftytwo verses a year, hearts should become pure, if we unYoung chorus] named after our great and in ten years it would amount to derstand the gospel of the Lord Jesus leader.

five hundred twenty verses. And Christ. What did the Lord say about During the past four or five months,

think of their going out to preach the the pure in heart? I have worried a great deal about this

gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ with Therefore, verily, thus saith the Lord, experience. I have thought about it,

five hundred twenty verses of scripLet Zion rejoice, for this is Zion—the pure but even after that thought and that

ture at their command! Think of the in heart; therefore, let Zion rejoice, while prayer and that worry, I had no idea

time it would save! Think of the imall the wicked shall mourn. (D. & C. 97:21.) of what it would be like to face this

pression that it would make upon those May we have as a motto the words congregation. I would be very ungratethat they come in contact with. And of that lovely old song: "Beautiful Zion ful to my brethren of the General Aufar and above this, it would inculcate for me,"and always remember the thorities, and particularly to my Father

into their minds and hearts, great truths scripture of that ancient one: "For as he in heaven, if I failed to thank him puband light which would motivate them

to noble deeds. We should consider 'Tl

the Book of Mormon, for, as President

Grant said:

I am convinced in my own mind, my dear brethren and sisters, that this book, the

Book of Mormon, is the greatest converter of men and women as to the divinity of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is in every way a

true witness of God, and it sustains the

Bible and is in harmony with the Bible.

How many of our young people become acquainted in the home with this

American Bible? You and I can best

answer that question. I think if we are

to protect youth against the evils of the land, against evil thinking, against evil books, we can do no better than to teach them the great truths that are found in the Book of Mormon. There

we find the gospel of the Lord Jesus

Christ given to us in its fulness, and its nerstoneLaying theof corthe simplicity. "This is the Place"

Speaking of rules that we should monument.foreground, PresiLeft,

adopt, to discriminate against that dent David O. McPresi- center, is bad in our reading,which may I Albert give Kay;dent George

suggestion a from as it comesyou Smith; extreme

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. He said Giles.right, Elder John 0.

this:My rule now is, never read anything that

is not worth remembering. I know now

that all the wisdom of the past is for our use, and that the only place we can learn that wisdom, which comes from all that 330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA able to little that teacher grateful in was inactive no the Church. a THORPE B. ISAACSON now as night his in that disinterested a little destroy life. One become have They

licly for the opportunity that I have had in the Church. May the Lord give us he was staying up late to study, I knew

of knowing these men personally. They strength that we may reach out a hand it was getting morning, and I tiptoed

have been most kind to me, most enof fellowship to these fine men. I had into his room and opened his door with-

I have patient. shouldcouraging, ago. have most of atlunch them a with They week two

into his room, welcome, knocking—possiblyas I came and hetempted to and make a doctor, them was me feel One of said knocked—butout

they have put themselves out to extend to me after we had discussed some of there I saw him on his knees at his desk to me many kindnesses for which I am the activities of the Church, in a very praying to his Father in heaven that grateful. I came to them a stranger, serious expression, "How can I get he would be given ability to finish his

and they took me in. I can bear you started in the Church again? It's years school year, graduate, and go on a mismy testimony that I know they are men since I have attended any of my Church sion. His prayers were answered, and

of God, and I know the veil between duties."He is only waiting for some- I am grateful to my Father in heaven

them and the sphere of their Father in body to extend a hand and help him that he answered those prayers and saw heaven is indeed thin. over that first hurdle. These men are fit to permit that boy to go on a mission.

My work has brought me in very successful businessmen and professionMy son is enjoying his work back in the close association with Bishop Richards al men, and if they have the ability and New England Mission with President and Bishop Wirthlin. I think they are judgment to be successful in their own and Sister Reeder. I know that the Lord

two of the finest men that you could lines of endeavor, I am sure they have will answer our prayers! I bear you

ever know. They are sweet; they are the ability to see the blessings that are my testimony that without those praytolerant and kind. They have been very in store for them by becoming assoers being answered, I fear we would be

patient with me, and I am grateful for ciated with the Church in our different great failures.

the opportunity of knowing them as activities in the Church.

I do. T bear testimony to you that I know

T am sure that the habit of prayer plays * the gospel of Jesus Christ is true. I

lives. in have part our great a responsibilities that are We great a'"Phere Prophet Smith was that Joseph

close being today about a lot I if heard that can say all bear, of members the Church only the way and to knowof God,

I don't in heaven, know and Father our dictates the in of to it is are that is requiredthey because I which do that know to our Fastay close other way to the ofassisting the the any because to bring about Lord and conscience of my

I prayer. except ther by in heaven has that life eternalimmortality in heaven of man. and spirit of my Father

The Holy Ghost is given each of us know sometimes in our busy lives we permitted me to feel that I know those that we may be led aright and be made get away from that fine principle that things to be true. The Lord has blessed

here. brought pioneers the if will give are tasks that to the me given heequal us, and

story of referring to a fail to render try will that confident would we my grandfatherI can't help healthme abundantly,and strength,and II am very without the companionship of the Holy who accepted the gospel in Denmark some service in a measure for the many

Ghost to help us. I am fully convinced years ago, when he left his father and blessings that I have received. The

that one cannot find a full and complete mother, brothers and sisters, never to Lord has magnified his people. Many

life without service to his fellow men, see them again, came to this country, times I have heard men lay their hands and I can think of no greater way to be crossed the plains, but the finest story upon the head of a brother and pray to of service to his fellow men than by I think of all that I remember from his their Father in heaven that he would helping in the service of our Father in stories was the one when he told me magnify him. I didn't always know or

heaven who is the Father of all of us. that he never sowed the seeds of grain realize what that meant, or perhaps I

Mormonism leads to the habits of until he opened his sacks of grain and didn't give it enough thought, but I sacks those and beside knelt down thrift, will tolerance. magnifyindustry, temperance, the that Lord now know the that in heaven his Father to prayed selfIt him selfreliant to if pray people will but and makes people his we

I that remember grow. grain would in It ourselvessupporting. independence tempers place in and trust him and

I a time young the was story when from It sustains humility. enwith law and hands. his

I is principle that that one boy, and citizenship. patrioticcourages a? us bless to continue Lord the I if to live, failed May any keep tried to have I it like in If power, would were my for grateful be that people, may a we others. are brethrento to a say word who my that have, that opportunities we the

I I I grateful in that taught inactive the very Church. wassomewhat am fellowship of the hand extend may we I I the of prayer, habit these of men, of one had and and good manyknow the exemplified by perfectly so love and

I the to passing experiences to sweetest could them appeal by becomewish Presitoday, Church of our President

I I that in son. son, active to only one because the a on have Churchmore am I Smith. Whenever Albert George dent Isatisfied really that just are missing as love they your him love and you or. patience of I out getting feel that am I sons, the blessings try habit greatest the to of did the teach and and himsome his I beauof think perturbed, becoming

I I in the ofgreatest prayer. experience beautiful world. happiness a have had

I to mellow spirit, have then tiful and little last a with attempting to appointed to hebeen do when was work May is the spirit love of the that realize and last Priestthe his the of university graduateadult from Aaronic members in heaven. Father spirit our of

I I fine fulfil quarter, his mission. that of those couldhood. so he know many

men who, perhaps not of their own knew he was studying late at night, and May the Lord bless us that we may fault, (maybe the rest of us have neg- I can't see any danger, any wrong in have that pleasure, I pray in the name lected them at times in our lives ), are a boy's praying about his studies. I am of Jesus Christ. Amen.

MAY 1947 nNELCHIZEDEKJIRIESTHDDD Priesthood in the TWELVECONDUCTED—JOSEPHBY THE FIELDINGGENERALSMITH,PRIESTHOODCHAIRMAN;COMMITTEEHAROLDOFB. THELEE, COUNCILSPENCER W.OF KIMTHE

Centennial Year BALL, EZRAYOUNG,TAFT BENSON,ALMA SONNE,MARIONLEVIG. EDGARROMNEY,YOUNG,THOMASANTOINEE. MCKAY,R. IVINSCLIFFORD E.

"Tearly one hundred and eighteen since holy mespassed years have sufficient in forth to of through Christ have numbers gone Jesus laid presencesengers God's from efforts since the area a veritable missionary organour their—brethren,make the intermountain

hands upon the heads of Joseph Smith paradise. ization of the Church, over the ether

and Oliver Cowdery and ordained them This year there will come tens of waves, and through widely circulated to the Melchizedek Priesthood (the thousands, perhaps hundreds of thouperiodicals. Much has been publicized

of after the Priesthood OrderHoly centennial high the sands, celebrain the to join concerning ideals, and our this of by virtue wasSon of God ). It institutions, see here, that our our they achievements, which tion. That

restored priesthood that the Church of which they experience here, the impresyouth programs, our educational sysJesus Christ of Latterday Saints was sions they gain of the Lord's Church, tem, our beautiful and clean cities, our organized April 6, 1830, and under the interest which they attain in it, are farms, our homes, and many other functioned. has since the Churchwhich largely activities things. contingent the our guests will upon come Many of

ago, this years hundred oneIt was priestof truly expecting and something over of this vast body and efforts coming July, under the leadership of hood. above the ordinary.

the Holy Priesthood, that modern day It is granted that many strangers with Beautiflcation of our homes, our

Israel entered this chosen land where ideals quite different from our own chapels, our towns, has been stressed they could worship the God of heaven have come to make their homes among for some time. Let us be about doing

without let or hindrance, leaving far us. The influence of some has been for what time will yet afford.

behind those who sought to enslave and good, of others, for evil. Despite all It is unfortunate that beer taverns

deny them their inherent rights as free that good and honorable men can do, and state liquor stores, with their atmen in a free country. there will be sufficient of the "ungodly"tendant evils, besmirch our communiThe foundations of the great intermanifest to be a great disappointment ties. Their presence in our midst, howmountain commonwealth were skilfully to many. Just what will each priesthood ever, need not require our patronage.

laid under this divine priesthood guidbearer's contribution be? Will our inSo far as the Latterday Saints are conance. Not only were these settlers fluence for good be felt as it should, and cerned, their operators should all be

possessed with the sterling virtues of the glory of God manifest, or will we under the necessity of seeking more the daring, adventurous pioneers, but miss our grandest opportunity yet afdignified and socially profitable means they were also "fired"with the knowlforded, to show our many friends the for their livelihoods. Latterday Saints

edge of God's truth which it was their fruits of true Christianity operating in should contribute nothing to the tobaclot to preserve, nurture, and proclaim. a world that has almost forgotten the co interests, to gambling devices inTheir quest was not for gold or silver, God who made it, and whose power tended to cheat, or to any other type of

neither for great possessions, but insustains it from day to day. unholy practice.

stead that they might serve the God of The great message of the restoration Each priesthood bearer ought now to heaven and earth, and establish an of the Holy Priesthood, and the gospel {Concluded on page 344) ensign to all the nations. Here in these

mountain vales through ingenious and

Herculean effort, and with the blessings Presidents of Stakes, of the Lord upon their labors, what had Presidents of Missions, desert waste as barren consideredbeen of Bishops and Wards, desirinto transformed awas rapidly Presidents of Branches.

literally desertable was habitat—the Dear Brethren: rose"as the to "blossom as hadmade

been foreseen in heavenly vision by the HThe date appointed for the commemorative exercises of the restoration prophets of old: * of the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood is Sunday, June 8, 1947. On this

date it is desired that the time of the sacrament services in all wards

The wilderness and the solitary place and branches be planned in accordance with this very important event desertshall the for them; glad and be world. history shall in the the of and the Church

(Isaiah rejoice, rose. the as blossom and it is this date, sugfor are conferences stakes In appointed where35:1.)

to session a be given general that the part gested of morning Sunday

From this place of refuge during the consideration of this theme. However, any program arranged by the

last one hundred years, has gone forth presidents of stakes should be after consultation and in full harmony the word of the Lord in its purity to the with the wishes of the General Authorities assigned to these conferences.

nations of the earth. The saving gospel Due publicity should be given the meetings in which the theme

has been declared by the weak and the "Restoration of the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood"will be featured, and unlearned to the strong and the wise, the priesthood page of the Deseret News Church Section will contain and the power of the Holy Priesthood suggestions which will be helpful in the planning of appropriate prohas enabled these humble followers grams.

of the Master to achieve much against This being the year of our centennial celebration, undoubtedly in tremendous odds, and from all nations many wards and branches there will be present numbers of friends intent men have come up "to the mountain upon learning of things basic to our religion, and in addition to being of the Lord's house"which has been a source of inspiration to our membership, these commemorative services tains,"—"toestablished "inthe thehousetop ofof thethe Godmounof may Withwell servebest anwishes,excellentwe missionaryremain opportunity.

Jacob,"that they may be taught "in his Sincerely your brethren, ways"and "walk in his paths."The Council of the Twelve,

Today in the stakes of Zion there By George F. Richards

are upwards of 1 20,000 men who have President been honored with the Holy Priesthood 332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

,1 HHRDNIC PRIESTHOOD CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP AARONIC PRIESTHOOD PROGRAM REACHES INTO MISSIONS

OUTLINE OF STUDY JUNE 1947

Note: This course of study is prepared

under the direction of the Presiding

Bishopric for presentation during the monthly meeting of the ward youth leadership to be conducted by the bishopric in each ward. Members of the

ward Aaronic Priesthood committee and of the ward committee for Latterday

Saint girls are expected to attend this meeting.

T AST month we noted that the causes ** of juvenile delinquency must be sought in an understanding of ( 1 ) boy and girl nature, (2) society, (3) youth's nature expressing itself in this society. Today we shall illustrate specifically this point of view.

Adolescents must have creative, exciting, varied, interesting, challenging activity. Developing as they are into

manhood and womanhood, tremendouslybodies—forcesvital forces arewhichsurgingtheythroughthemselvestheir

is as lads receive these History being the Individual Certificates Priesthood Aaronic made proud which they find and not comprehenddo to of to presented Luis priesthood in the Sanfirst Branch, be Obispo California Mission. Award members Thedifficult master. to control and president awards presented of California Mission, by Oscar the with Arthur were J. Godfrey, W. McConkie,

president, presentation. the witnessing girls to express thembranch want Boys and

qualifying Aaronic missions Other action,selves. freedom, crave They States. Central States and Western We Priesthoodare delightedmembersto see forthe programthis recognitionextend intofor the1946,missionsto date,of arethe

and adventure. They feel the need to Church.

prove themselves grownup—to get

away from the protection, coddling, and admonitions of parents and teachers. which the energy and enthusiasm of bars, if this is needed in your communirallied. could This youth month be we ty. is deprogram which Church Any

shall discuss outof-doors ones some girls this of interest tosigned and boys Criteria for Projects Such faciliconsider indoor next and month creative, positive, acage and be must ties. Projects the of type suggested maytive. there be can course must and Of

restraint and instruction. However, the ( 1 ) A fireplace in a garden or patio easily fail if not carefully planned andpositive elements must outweigh the setting. This should be built in a place carried out. We suggest the following

negative. accessible to the kitchen. It could be guides to help execute such a project:

To Do or Not To Do usedsteak byfries,all luncheons,groups in andthe forwardservingfor 1 Be sure there is a need for the project.

2. the sees sure need youth Be and wants light after refreshments meetings and people handle our young do we How it the their project. as Let creation be in conjunction Firesides dances. with talkingin the always Church? Are we all possible stages. as at much in there other could groups meet and things shouldn't do?about they we Do 3. full the Visualize involved, program utility the months. Both and summerridicule for things publicly they them then at execute complete step and one small could achieved be with beauty the checking on time. alwaysdo? Are a we

things they have failed to do? Or do expense. 4. Have tactful, wise supervision with

we talk about interesting and exciting (2) Play facilities. Do the people expert skill available where needed

things to do in the name of the gospel? in your ward or community have adefor example, in building a fireplace.

Do we compliment them often for quate play facilities for youth? Gen- 5. Let the project not only be useful but

things they do? Do we check them on erally there is considerable unused also add to the beauty of the ward and

the things they do? ground on Church property which community.

tennis, easily for be prepared loses its hold on Church many could The pits, ball courts, volley horse shoe and Questions: girls especially about fromboys and

boys and girls get their do your 1. Where baseball, soccerball, even and football reaseventeen.fourteen through One

recreation? outof-doors fields. courts could be used The tennis is is that there believe,son, not we

outof-doors sports and games 2. What for for ice skating dances and summer challenging activity and leaderenough

enjoy playing? do they plan, winter. a complete up Draw their interests durinship consistent with

is satisfy doing to your ward and then complete one part of it at a 3. What this age.ing preachand Our teaching the play of needs and interests youth satisfy time.ing to are not they fail enough; for this summer?

this hunger for action and adventure. The young people would probably 4. What project is needed and feasible

Possible Projects be glad to help make and install a chilfor your ward or stake?

dren's playground consisting of sand '5. How would you organize and adminThere are several projects around piles, swings, teetertotters, and tricky ister such a project?

MAY 1947 333

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

Watchmen Unto the ingremiss,thanrespondwithin theirmoreownfreelyhometo andteachin row'sgence. progress.Today's delay retards tomorHouse of Israel couldthe presencechildrenof betheirmorechildren?favorablyWhereimProphetIn a JosephrevelationSmithgivento histhroughfather, thethe

pressed? Is there a method that would Lord set forth what should be considHPhe irregularity with which many more efficiently determine the spiritual ered as qualifications for any teacher,

families now attend church meetor temporal needs of a family or an inand they should seek to magnify themings, and the inclination upon the part dividual? selves accordingly:

of the others to disregard completely While ward teaching is not confined in Therefore, that the servembark ye is O of indicative traditional this custom sinful, to the negligent neverand it was all ice that serve of with see ye him God, rising of also the trends andmodern their theless for particular designed heart, that might, your and strength, mind in training religious for increasedneed benefit of need, those for the and at before blameless the stand who ye may God features the ofthe unique home. One ill are distressed. otherwise or last day.

that has characterized the achievements Basic in the philosophy and teachings Therefore, if ye have desires to serve God of this Church has been the constant of Jesus Christ is the worth of human ye are called to the work;

effort its leaders the gospel to teach of fireside. This custom at the began with souls.rebukingJesustheemphasizedPharisees thissaying:point when harvest;For beholdand lo,the hefieldthatis whitethrustethalreadyin histo

conthe ofthe inception Church, and sickle his the with might, layeth same up I that likewise you, joy unto say shall be increasing today.tinues in store emphasis not, with that perisheth bringeth but he in sinner, repenteth, that over one heaven

soul. salvation his 4:2-4.) to (D. is divinity. C. of its the one of marksThis 6 just than persons, nine ninety over more and

Latterday Saints have been taught which need no repentance, (Luke 15:7.)

to regard the home as a divine institution; they believe that through its faciliThe Lord magnified this principle again

ties all the virtues of a noble society in this dispensation: **Dutie5 of the lA/ara

are developed, and that the key to comAnd if it so be that you should labor all this in crying repentance unto your days rests stability nationalmunity and Lommittee ecmtaru it people, bring, soul save unto one and be factortherein. training is the Home shall great your joy me, with be how (Assistant Ward Clerk) future the determineswhich practically in the Father! of him (D. kingdom & my

school or church men, and noof most C. 18:15.) 'TPhe secretary (assistant ward clerk) it. for the Funlack of compensatecan

damental to this training is the planting From the foregoing, it is evident that is expected to keep a complete and of faith in the heart of every child. one of the greatest rewards promised accurate record of all ward teaching

Parents should live in compliance with to man will come as a result of his activities in the ward. He is responthe divine admonition: efforts to save the souls of men. Ward sible for the compiling of the ward reAnd they shall also teach their children teaching should enhance this privilege. port, and he should complete and mail

to pray, and to walk uprightly before the Clothed with the mantle of the Holy this report to the secretary of the stake

Lord. (D. & C. 68:28.) Priesthood, the teacher is sent forth committee on ward teaching on or beIf parents neglect to take their chilwith a commission to see that "all the fore the seventh day of each month. It

dren to church, or to instruct them members do their duty."He stands in is his duty to keep minutes of all ward

properly in the principles of the gosmuch the same position as did Ezekiel teachers'report meetings, and record pel, they deny them spiritual progress. of old when the Lord said: all information called for in the Roll

Furthermore, if parents themselves are... I have made thee a watchman unto and Minute Book.

lacking in knowedge of the gospel and the house of Israel: therefore hear the word He should fill in all of the information

are without faith, they, too, are in need at my mouth, and give them warning from required in the permanent record of of spiritual direction. Such an opportume. (Ezekiel 3:17.) families, in the ward teachers'report

is the of through givennity agency before to the handing them ward will Furthermore, the hold books, not Lord teaching. conforesaw The Lordward teachers. indispensable as His work is this fails in blameless responhim who prevailditions as and today they would bishopric, to the presian aid quorum sibility:

prescribed Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn dencies, group leaders, the ward clerk,

The teacher's duty is to watch over the the people, and it becometh every man who and the ward teachers, in keeping them church always, and be with and strengthen hath been warned to warn his neighbor. fully informed as to transfers, new arthem; rivals, Therefore, excuse, departures. are they left without and should be He

... all that see and also the members do their sins their are and ( D. upon own heads. the best in the informed perward man

their 20:53, duty. C. 55.) (D. & C. 88:81, 82.) & taining to the addresses of names and

Where would parents, somewhat This is a work that requires great diliall members.

.1...........

Li

TECHurns Hims nH.s

ganization celebrated the one hundred fifth anniversary of its founding, March

"This Is the Place"Monument '"Phe cornerstone for the "This Is the

Place"monument was laid April 5, at public ceremonies. President George

Albert Smith acted as master of ceremonies. April 5 is the centennial anniversary of the first wagons moving

out of Winter Quarters for the West.

Musician Praises Tabernacle W. H. REEDER, JR. XflbST of the great artists in the world have

**1 an ambition to perform in the Taber-

S. DILWORTH YOUNG throughoutference, Presidentthe ChurchYoungforishiswellactivitiesknown nacle.realizedI, thetoo, tremendoushad that ambition,effect thebutbuildingI never

consider building one. the on you When people. interests in young and

its Prior to itself,has structural qualiincomparable withNew England States Mission Authority, sustained as a General being ties, at sacrifices great and know what

President S. Dilworth Young of the he was Scout executive of the Ogden was built, it truly becomes a shrine. Anyit

First Council of the Seventy was area council. thing short of your best performance is

appointed March 31, by the First PresPresident Young returned from the sacrilegious.

service of the first World ofidency, as president War to fill a the New EngSo said Dr. Werner Janssen, world States. in the Central in mission headquarters withland Mission,

musician, famed conductor of and then will Pratt Young, Gladys His wife, Massachusetts.Cambridge, He sucthe to Orchestra, Utah Symphony field of labor. to the himceeds President Jr., accompany William H. Reeder,

of Elder the Y. Cannon Tracy Church is in Utah, and Ogden,whose home

the as committee discussed music Relief Society two Membership for that mission has over presidedwho final for plans the in concert the symof the Relief Somembership HpHE years. four

series. centennial phony's A cieties the of anChurch was the of First of Council membertheApast

the Seventy since the April 1945 connounced as being 105,000, as that or- (Continued on page 336)

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Webb, Boyd Stock, Ralph Sharp, Keith Karren, Wade Ninth row: Lowell G. Anderson, Roland Rowley,

MARCH 3, AND DEPARTING MARCH 12, 1947 HamptonFifth row:Joyce.Maurice D. Black, Vaughn L. Terry, RoyAllen,D. GeraldWilcoxson,MelvinDonaldBowen,C.GeorgeKettenring,Davis Bremer,Paul J.

First row, left to right: Martha V. Wells, Ray K. Frank W. Jensen, Amber Charles Davidson, Arthur V. John Duane Hansen.

Ellis, B. S. William Baird, C. Evans, P. Glade, Nettleship, Elbert A. Bert Don W. HarveyMarti, Roy Earl ChristenTenth row: Martin Reed Home, W. Beck, Kunz, Cornelius director; Clark, A. Mallory, Harold Anderson, C. Marva Dean Joseph LymanColton, sen, R. Perkins, D. Hansen, Doyle Donald Ray W.

Jr., Dall, Lewis, Nelson. Thomas, Lela A. Nelson, Betty George Lou David Henry Lange, W.De Egginton, Gerald Clarence Greenland, Ware, M. Max

Sellers, Lorraine Hosier, Sixth row: Whittaker.Janet Kenneth W. Carter, Alvin Robert R. Bruening, Rowley. Robert

Neilson, Hubert, Wilford Lee Stuart Holdaway, Holdaway, Wallace row: Marian Loren Second DeMar

Eleventh E. row: Albert Bracker, Hibberd, R. Dwain E. E. Smith, Bruce, Gertrude William Daniel DeWall, McPhie, Cora Keith Lloyd Moon,Richards, Walter

J. Layton, Basil Robert Beech, W. Raymond, Max H. Stitt, L. Dale, Bangerter, Piatt, Blauer Keith Alonzo Talbot, H. Robert William K. M. DeeHerrmann,

Rammell, Wilford Sterling Stevenson, Weed. E. J. Single- A. Sharp, Lake. Erland Page, V. C. David Donald Dickson, LeRoy Dobson, DonDonald

ton, Mary Greene. Seventh row: James C. Hurst, William H. GardTwelfth row: Harvey C. Breinholt, Lorenzo J.

Third row: Brandt B. Curtis, Howard W. Tolley, ner, John W. Tucker, L. Alton Riggs, Jr., Willard B. Heaps, Richard C. Fielden, Albert Schumann, P.

Jack Arthur Wood, John T. Lott, Carlos D. Gardiner, Barton, Ralph S. Bytendorp, Sherman W. Lundgreen, LaMar Nebeker, Lorin L. Richards.

Dale B. Brimley, Ruth Marshall, Mary Newman, N. C. Budge T. Porritt. Thirteenth row: David E. Stenquist, George A.

Welker, Eldred Bodily, Clair O. Anderson, Boyd W. Eighth row: Leland Ross Jones, Milton E. Smith, Whiting, Merlin B. Sampson, Wallace S. Devey, ForGrossnickle, Byron L. Cottam, May P. Joyce. Donald E. Riley, Marion T. Millett, Donald T. North, rest D. Buchanan, Merrill Dee Allen, Rulon E. Craven,

Fourth row: Robert L. Allen, Lloyd O. Andersen, Don Larson, George H. Park, Grant D. Anderson, Vernon Blackham, Eslie Christensen, Armand Mauss,

Ronald B. Foster, Gladys A. W. Nettleship, Robert A. Hendrik Dinkelman. Robert McOmie.

MAY 1947 335 THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 335) tion and Sunday Schools of the Church, nounced the following appointments

Y.M.M.I.A. General Board Leora C. Cropper, who has filled a and releases to the general board of the

Primary: mission the to States, Eastern and who '\T[7'illiam has LeGrand Maxwell

is for her in the known Mutual F. Fern work vv the Whipple, of a member appointed been the a of member

Seattle, Stake, Washington, who, and Ogden, presiUtah, Stake Primary general of the board Men's Young Muthis at is of the time the appointment dency, has served and the Church who tual Association. Improvement Elder

Maxwell was the coordinator for the drama director of the Granite Stake in auxiliaries in American Fork, Utah, as general music committee of the Church Salt Lake City. well as Ogden.

prior to this appointment, and has been Winnifred C. Jardine, whose Church Tessie G. Post, a Salt Lake City

assigned to the music committee of the activities include being ward Mutual schoolteacher, whose Church activities general board. Also pictured is Doyle president and counselor, Gleaner teachhave been in ward Relief Society, Mu-

L. Green, assistant managing editor of er, Bee Hive teacher, and advisor to the tual, and Sunday School work, and in

The Improvement Era, whose appointLatter-day Saint girls'program. She stake Primary activity.

also done special work on the June the general anhas ment to board was B. of Bunker, Wilma Ogden, who conference. this nounced ago. page a on month at the time of this was, appointment,

Irene Hailes, who has been a Y.W. president of the Mt. Ogden Stake Pri-

Y.W.M.I.A. Board M.I.A. president and counselor, a mary. She has long been active in

teacher, Gleaner stake and Mutual circles, musical directed several has and Oresident of Lucy Grant Cannon president, the in Salt Pioneer City Lake choruses. youth the Young ImMutual Women's in active Stake. also She Church was Association provement has announced Randall, also of Naomi Ogden, W. in three during years spent she work the following to that appointments orpresident the of Stake Ben Lomond the navy. ganization's general board: position Primary, a since she has held

Virginia F. Cutler, now head of the the stake was organized. She is a leadHome Economics department at the Primary General Board er in 4-H club activities, and is a memUniversity of Utah, who has

lifelong worker in the Mutual organizabeen a rDresidentof the PrimaryAdele AssociationCannon Howellshas anberOgdenof Y.W.C.A.the board of directors of the

M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD APPOINTS NEW MEMBERS

WILLIAM LE GRAND MAXWELL DOYLE L. GREEN VIRGINIA F. CUTLER

WINNIFRED C. JARDINE IRENE HAILES LEORA C. CROPPER

336 "HE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON Australian Mission send the names and addresses of their '"Phe First Presidency announced on sons who are in the service to the the president mission or stake nearest B. that Charles Rich28 1 March that these supervisors so camp, may City of the Salt Lakemond, a member the contact servicemen.

presiStake, appointed had beenPark

Each stake or mission president has been requested to take steps to organize Latterday Saint young people who are attending a college away from home, where there is not an Institute of Religion functioning, into a Mutual

Improvement Association, or a branch of the Church, whichever will bring the greater number of these college students into Church activity.

THOMAS D. REES CHARLES B. RICHMOND

dent of the Australian Mission. He succeeds President Thomas D. Rees, who

will return to his home in Idaho Falls,

Idaho.

President Richmond served a mission in Australia from 1909 to 1911. He is

a former member of the bishopric of the

Salt Lake City First Ward, and former clerk of the Salt Lake City Liberty

Stake. At the time of his appointment

he was Park Stake genealogical committee chairman.

Mrs. Richmond will accompany him

to the field of labor.

Utah Pioneers

fXe the 86,000 who started for Utah between the exodus from Nauvoo "Oo-o-o-o, Mommy...

and the coming of the railroad in 1 869, are you wonderful!"80,000 arrived at their destination, the "How could you know I was getting fed DRINK

rest having died en route, according to up with drinking so much milk... I hardly

the Daughters of the Utah Pioneers. knew it myself till you brought on that

Fewer than two hundred of the people yummy rennetcustard dessert at dinner!

who came to Utah before the railroad Boy, was that something! Maybe it was

remain alive today. It was these old all milk like you say... an'full of vitamins folk that were especially honored dur- 'count of not being cooked. But it sure FICGO

ing the Utah Your Living Piotasted "Know different!"FREE FROM CAFFEINE 15.neers"ending week March The rennet enzyme makes milk so easy

to digest. Why not buy "Junket"Brand You will enjoy this delicious, healthful

Service Personnel, College Students Rennet Tablets right now? Your baby will hot beverage free from the stimulants

like part his of as milk rennetcustards spiritual for the welfare provideHTo for condemned leading years by medical every day, will so and you. and Daddy in of the those young men now men. contains caffeine no FICGO nor rennetcustards Make either with service, for those as well as may who oils harmful normally coffee. in found "Junket"Rennet Tablets—not sweetened their atenter service the country of Nature's fruits treasured Only of or sun and sugar flavor flavored—add taste; to and First date, future the Presidencysome

soil or into delightful of go "Junket"six a blend FICGO, flavors, Rennet Powder—the ofhas stakes presidents asked and

already sweetened. all grocers. at finest the Both selected ovenroasted barley for thesemissions to provide guidance Write "Junket"Division Brand Foods, of figs. treeripened California and are supervisors to men. beyoung The Chr. Inc., Hansen's Laboratory, Dept. 75,responsible persons, preferably mature, recognize of the benefits You who sane Little Falls, Y., for free N. of sample of the highest returned servicemen,and will eating drinking delight in and the Tablets. Rennet "Junket"

character. They should endeavor to savory flavor of this wholesome, caffeineidentity Saintlearn the of Latterday

military in theservicemen who are tocamps, encourage and them WORTH WAITING FOR! freetoo, praisehot drinkFICGOwith foryourchildren,meals. wthoMotherslove become

actively affiliated with wards or Freezing Mix it.

the In adjacent thebranches to camps. JUHKET 20 popularity, years of by FICGO Mix Proven it is for impossible that theevent servFucJ9e freely healthrecommended be can as a BRAND QuiA activities in the participate to oficemen Dessert ful for children drink alike. and grownups Danish branches,the organized steps or wardsshould be taken to organize Mutual ImFOODS LEONARD H. BALLIF, President

provement Associations which will be "JUNKET"is the trademark of Chr. Hansen's California Ficgo Company

directed within the military camps by Laboratory,products, andInc.,is registeredfor its inrennetthe U.andS. andotherCanada.food Los Angeles, California authorizedthese supervisors.

Parents and others interested should

MAY 1947 337

ALBERT E. BOWEN

(Concluded from page 273) AMAZING NEW LOWCOST rid of momentum.at the roots, Butit willunlessultimatelyit is nourishedexhaust> Get the surplus on which it draws. You TRAVEL PLAN

indefinitely can no go more on drawing replenishreserves without on moralL soap curd in ment, can from sm&coc/po/vWW than you go on drawing a bank without keeping the account current by new deposits. For too long 'Southern California, now the civilization of Christendom has

been living on the remnants of a disthe Pacific Northwest, Colorado carded faith. Its weakened condition Parks, the National Parks, Boulder

is apparent in the lack of moral direcDam, and all the WesternWondertion which characterizes these times. It lands are described and pictured

is the teaching of history that moral in these free, colorful Greyhound decay follows upon the withering of belief of God. folders. Take your choice of

expensepaid tours, or "goas-youcomprising the most A committee

England, after clergy of proplease"vacation travel with stopprominent longed study, reported overs anywhere. You can go for

l/3 the cost of driving.

... a sharp decline in truthfulness, perPlan your vacation early.

sonal honesty, an alarming spread of sexual laxity, and of the gambling fever. MagisSend the coupon now!

trates the their anxiety at expressed have rise juvenile of crime. Schoolteachers compostalFREE! cardPasteandthismailcouponto Travelon a pennyand

plain at the difficulty of impressing upon TourNebr.,Dept.,2116for Greyhound'sLeavenworth,new Omaha,Travel

their young charges the abomination of Plan and FREE Literature.

lying and stealing which they copy from I may go to.

their elders at home. (name destination)

NAME-.

The sorriest part about it all, is that Address the most debasing vices are practised City. Lstate - IE

without shame or remorse. But these '.:;OVER LAND

things, too, of a are but symptoms "Lightens Housework thru Chemistry 1 G R EYHOUND blighting distemper deep bedded down in the souls of men. The committee Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and

found: UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED

Depravity is the sure symptom of spiritPREFERRED ual disease. The idea of man as a responsible person is in danger of disappearing

with the loss of belief in a Living God. You have only to read our own press 300

to know that conditions in our country closely parallel those deplored by the KOLOB

If clergy. so, English not think do you mm I RIGHT in the in the read the Angeles column Los

'LIGHT from Times giving the list of crimes for a the Oven day in that city.

The widespread preference for Tt should be remembered that it was the religion Jesus brought—the gosClabber Girl is the natural repel—that won over Rome against such

overwhelming odds. The men whom

sult of years and years of bakhe picked and left behind to represent BRING THE WEST'S ing, in millions of homes, him,spreadandhis whomgospel heall commissionedover the worldto under all conditions. were lowly men, without political powSERVICE

might. er or resource armed The only

the they the message Master TO YOUR had was had left them and bidden them proclaim. HOME TOWN

They had to fight every step of their is the community Agent KOLOB the against fury The unleashed forward way to friendliest in serve your man town—readyin your mightiest of the empire on earth. They efficiently lowat insurance every and need

believed to the depth of their souls in cost, because he represents the West's largest the truth of what they declared. Their General Insurance Agency. Strong stock

fair settlement of claims. policies—prompt, \ j / > \L.Good>!s/* GuaranteedHousekeepingby T3 strengththe LivingwasGodtheirandunyieldingin the redemptivefaith in Company

mission of Jesus the Christ.

this Easter of day, observances to our thronged CLABBER GIRL thoughOur we may have churches, will be futile unless we come from them refreshed in that faith and

The Baking Powder with the strengthened in the will to restore it as c a r p aWAft d u

BALANCED Double Action the power that can save the world.

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ):.

J. JR. REUBEN CLARK, Laurels for Men New M

I! ( Concluded page from 269 (Continued fcom page 300) SpiritCAPTURED!M)l>Ofll)()[)4of modern Mormon Battalion j I repeat, as I see are again on it, we

trial. The Lord is giving us a continutically all home from the war, and the in Helen Kimball Orgill's "Songs j

of Courage."kind of New book of poems. ball theying opportunity him, to serve to work

I $1.25. j Price quality. Undoubtedly hisout plan, the plan cernotch which played was Mof Mentophe gave

tainly as far back as Sinai. basketball, during Utah's centennial j DESERET BOOK CO. f

May the Lord bless us, give us the season, hit a new high, both in popularpower to hold fast to the eternal truths ity and caliber of performance.

he has revealed. May he open our Nineteenth crashed into the finals

vision that we may see our duty to our with a 44 to 37 triumph over a strong fellow citizens, to our fellow members Afton, Wyoming, five. In secondround

play the Salt champions Lake from wonof the Church they wherever are. May

of Redondo Inglewood, CaliforWardhe take out of our hearts all feelings of hate and leave there only love for those nia, 54 to 30. Least impressive of all

who belong to us and to our Heavenly its victories was an openinground

Richfield over 33 First Ward,Father, I humbly pray in the name of margin SAYS 30. toJesus. Amen. the "Recently Mining Newmont defeated Oakland Grantsville, a fornation's larger of the Company, one

companies, announced intention of developing -Ciiil.. A I merfinals;champion,won from50 Twentyseventhto 33 in the semiof mining in Utah. eral ground Wecertainshouldminen-its

capital to outside more courage Salt Lake, 34, 35 to in the second take in development of our a hand round, the and took opener from Park of resources. ore For each dollar

Ward of Provo, 36 to 34. produced, 90c stays in Utah."

The breakdown on the big basketpitching joust runs as follows ennva

First day: Afton, Wyoming, 51, Springville Sixth 36; Virden, New Mexico, 58,

Colonial Heights, Portland, Oregon, 37;

Sugar Ward, Rexburg, Idaho, 44, Redondo,

California, 63; Salt Lake Twentyseventh mmwier 34, Logan Fourth 33; Enterprise, Utah, 36,

Morgan, Utah, 31; Grantsville 56, GlenFirst Term: wood, Canada, 19; Salt Lake Ninetenth 33,

INDUSTRY METAL MINING June 9 to July 18 RichfieldPark Ward,30; Provo,Maxwell34.Park, Oakland, 36, OF UTAH

Second Term: ParkSecond36; Springvilleday: LoganSixthFourth44, Morgan40, Provo39;

July 21 to Aug. 23 Nineteenthseventh 34, Maxwell54, RedondoPark 35;30; GrantsvilleTwentyThe Church University offers a 47,woodVirden27; Sugar46; Colonial43, RichfieldHeightsFirst55,36;GlenEn-

complete academic quarter with terprise 36, Afton 53.

Third day: Colonial Heights 30, Logan

regular courses in all departments Fourth 45; Sugar 42, Springville 46; Nineand a wealth of added features for teenth 44, Afton 37; Maxwell Park 50,

the Centennial. Grantsville33; Enterprise33; 47,TwentyseventhRedondo 48. 55, Virden

SPECIAL COURSES IN LoganFourthFourthday:42,AftonSpringville56, Grantsville30; Nineteenth63;

WESTERN HISTORY 49, Maxwell Park 16; Twentyseventh 42,

Redondo 40.

INSTITUTE OF FAMILY RELATIONS At the conclusion of the championUTAH PARENTTEACHERS ent shipLorenzoround,H. AssistantHatch ofSuperintendthe Y.M.

WORKSHOP M. I. A. presented the customary

trophies to the titlewinning Nineteenth

NINTH ANNUAL MUSICAL Ward five, the secondplace Maxwell

FESTIVAL Park club, and the consolation cham-—Los Angeles Philharmonic pions,SportsmanshipLogan Fourth.Trophy wasThe votedcovetedto

Virden awards Ward. Individual were—Roth String Quartet

of the first given members and second-—other famous artists place teams. The order of finish was as

BAND AND ORCHESTRA CLINIC follows

Ward, Oakland. Lectures—Concerts—Recreation Maxwell1—NineteenthPark Ward, Salt Lake.3—Grants-2—Write for a Summer School Catalog ville Second Ward. 4—Twentyseventh Ward, Salt Lake. 5—Logan Fourth Ward. 6—Afton South Ward, Wyoming. 7 Redondo Ward, California. 8—Springville

Sixth Ward. BRIGHAM YOUNG

UNIVERSITY tionUnifyingwith thegesturestournamentmade inincludedcollaborathe

PROVO, UTAH banquethonor ofgiventhe Mby MenThe Deseretcoaches Newsand suin pervisors, and also the dinner given by (Concluded on page 340) MAY 1947 339

First Team

Clove,New Laurels for M Men Forwards: Grant Enterprise; Dick *

( Concluded from page 339 North, Twentyseventh.

Center: Nineteenth. Hale, Ralph CORKER GDDKB of the the general board Men's Young Hale, Guards: Myron Nineteenth; John Association Improvement Mutual Park. for Wilkins, Maxwell B. Nichols Josephine

all the coaches. players Colorful and

and spectacular were the traditional Second Team flag ceremonies, featured this year by Forwards: Sterling Paul, Nineteenth; Cpringtime brings minerals and vitathe observance of the twentyfifth anGlen Marcbant, Maxwell Park. * rnins in garden freshness to our taCenter: Richfield First. Barney, Mahlon niversary bles. out, mothers! But watch of the M Men and Gleaner Don't Guards: Chick Woolf, Twentyseventh; Girls organizations. let these precious minerals and vitamins Lumdahl, Dick Fourth. Logan To conclude the memorable centenescape on their trip through the kitchen.

nial year classic, The Desetet News Ralph Hale was acclaimed the most Maybe you have been tossing out the and The Improvement Era. selected an popular player in the tournament and very parts that are best, or losing these

official allChurch honor team as folwas presented a trophy by radio station health and growth promoting elements lows: KUTA. in the saucepan.

Get your vegetables into the refrigerator crisper as quickly as possible after they leave the garden. "When

vegetables lie around the kitchen, you lose much of the vitamin C.

Prepare vegetables just before cooking. Wash them quickly. Pare thin or

scrape or cook unpeeled. Do not soak

them. Soaking in water wastes B and C

vitamins and minerals, too. Cook green,

succulent, and starchy vegetables in a tightly covered utensil, in as little water and for as short a time as possible.

(Save the cooking water.) Cook strong

flavored vegetables in boiling salted water, without a lid.

Cook just before serving and just until tender.

Serve some vegetables fresh and crisp in a salad at least once every day.

Serve a vegetable plate: potatoes au

gratin surrounded with buttered beets and new green peas.

Potatoes Au Gratin

2 cups boiled or baked potatoes, cubed 1 cup white sauce

White Sauce

2 tablespoons shortening ', 2 tablespoons enriched flour 1 cup milk 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup grated cheese

Melt shortening, add flour and seasonings Vbow--- Stir until well blended. Add milk, stirring

constantly. Cook in top of double boiler

heat. from move Education with MARKET Value! until thickened; add grated cheese and rePlace potatoes in shallow greased baking

dish. Pour white sauce over top and bake:

at 350 F. for thirty minutes.

Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, machine calculaButtered Beets tion, etc.—add these practical subjects to your general

education. They will help you qualify for successful 2 pounds fresh beets

34 cup water careers in business or civil service. 1 tablespoon vinegar

2 tablespoons butter Day and Evening classes... low tuition. salt and pepper

Peel and shred beets. Place the beets ina

Write for jree bulletin. bringthe boilingto a boilwater.quickly,Coverthentheturnutensilthe heatand

to simmer. Steam for ten minutes. Just before removing from the heat add the vinegar

butter. and

Probably L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE one of the most interesting new

is in cooking beets. Contrary 70 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah Tel. 3-27G5 developments to old beliefs, they their hold color better

if they are peeled either and diced or - shredded before cooking.

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,

Cook's Corner New Green Peas

3 pounds green peas 34 cup boiling water salt butter Y2 teaspoontablespoons Shell peas as soon as they are brought in from the garden or the market. Place in

a covered utensil, as a fruit jar, and store in refrigerator, until ready to use. Place the

shelled peas in boiling salted water, cover.

Bring to> a boil quickly, then turn the heat to simmer. Cook for twelve minutes. Remove from heat and add the butter.

Arrange the vegetables on a large warm platter, garnish with green parsley. Serve

piping hot.

Tossed Spring Salad

3 cups shredded lettuce 1 cup diced celery 1 cup diced cucumber diced radishes cup Y spring onions cup chopped Yl 3 large tomatoes Yl cup French dressing

Toss all the vegetables, except the tomatoes, together lightly. Pour French dressing

over all; garnish with tomato wedges, and

serve immediately.

French Dressing

Y2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon sugar Y teaspoon paprika Ya cuP vinegar Yi CUP salad oil

Combine salt, sugar, and paprika in flask.

Add vinegar and oil. Shake thoroughly.

Two tablespoons catsup may be added if desired.

Jellied Fruit and Vegetable Salad

1 package limeflavored gelatin 2 cups hot water 1 cup diced, unpeeled apples celery finely chopped cup Y carrots cup shredded Y

Dissolve gelatin in hot water. Set in a

cool place until gelatin begins to congeal.

Add apples, celery, and carrots. Mix well.

Pour into molds; let set until ready to unmold. Serve on lettuce with mayonnaise.

It takes a lot of energy for this endless

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH outdoor fun. Appetites are as ravenous as

the urge to play. The perfect lunch or

( Continued from page 267 betweenmeal snack for growing children -mmw.

into marriage are dissolving those ties. is tasty Saltines by Purity.. served with

the seeds of are sowing sorrowThey milk. cool, rich of glasses 1 willthat continue with a long them grocer for the your Ask 2-pound package 1 willingtime. to not been have They Saltines. deliciouswork it out in patience and take their i:

chances that all will be well. I

I remember what one sister in Idaho said a number of years ago when people were complaining about hard times.

if there anybodyI had asked was in ii at eighty years meeting theattendance of age and was told, "Yes, there is one 11 woman here that is over eighty."

I said, "Call her to the stand, and let 7 I her testimony."us hear

She said: "You make me sick talk- P U (r! T Y

ing about hard times. Why, you have

else than youmore food and everything l ft k i {Continued on page 342) NRiry Bi$eircoMPAY salt.- *. * % * -

MAY 1947 341

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

{Continued from page 341 need here; a few families possess more

than we had in this whole valley when

I first came. When we came in, we had

a span of horses and a wagon and a cow and the only incumbrances I had were my baby and my husband. ( She meant

companions.

Of course that provoked a great deal of merriment in that group. She was

not taking much stock in her husband if she meant what she said. Then she

continued, "We worked; we did teamwork. We worked outdoors and indoors. We did everything we could to

conserve our energies and conserve our means and see what this valley has produced now. Talk about hard times!"

It was interesting to hear that dear

IN EMIGRATION CANYON old soul scold that great congregation

Only 20 minutes from the Temple Grounds over the "Old Mormon Trail'of people who thought they were havtimes, brothers hard have may We for sisters, prepared but can be DINING DANCING ingand a hard time. we

them, if we think of the seven years of VACATIONING plenty and the seven years of famine in as the plan of they days Pharaoh and Parties Private For Now Open again. did. conditions Such come may For Reservations Bldg., Salt Lake Judge City 1, Utah write—313 or Phone 3-22G2—9-1084 We do not know, but we do know that

in the early days of the Church the

Presidency and leadership of the

Church advised the people to store sufficient food to meet an emergency. The

result has been that since the people got thoroughly settled here and farms

Just taste that beganincreasing,producing,there hasandbeenherdsno realand necesflocks for suffer for food. to anybody Nx

% sity is 5 is the This work. God's HpHis

V< Church of the Lamb of God. He

has offered us eternal membership in it, and O my brethren and sisters, I plead with everyone of you to prize that membership and retain it by reason of l:Vm$k righteousness, that there will never

come a time when you will find yourselves in the dark and groping your way, uncertain as to what it all means.

I would like to say to you before closing that this work is a joyous work. It

will bring peace and happiness that else bring will can our do if we will neighloved our be by ---ityr TC ft ( il w ft nothingpart. We

bors and our friends, many of them not associated with us, if they see our virtues, and if we will develop those virtues as intends should. the Lord we

of this great today organ Think and -,cU, eosy -Y

Tabernacle Choir singing to the world "W all during the war, and giving their time, day by day, week in and week out, to sing for us and for our neighbors and friends everywhere. How the Lord

to * mm Cinch wrfcl||l GROCfcH hasto themagnifiedadmirationthemof mankind!and held them up YOUR This is the Lord's work. You cannot

f find anything like it. The city we live

in was a desert a hundred years ago.

Today it is the one city in all the world whose streets originally were made wide enough to be useful for the automobile. I think that those who came

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in that early day never dreamed of an 12 Issues $2.00 automobile, but when they laid the

city out, they laid it out wide enough 342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

live as of another be one worthy we SMITH SMITH ALBERT GEORGE GEORGE ALBERT, in, the toqether our homes by sanctified, /.-,Continued. ar ( r 1lives. of righteousness our there tQ careful, will of be if people that doo; amQngso Qwn from? hopage,. is I bear This you work, God's and cars four lands, other asking to for the drive and oro268privilegeis plenty of room

abreast in our streets, do our parking, my witness of it, in the name of Jesus of sharing the truth that the others did and get along without any difficulty. Christ our Lord. Amen. (Concluded on page 344)

This desert has been made to blossom as a great forest. I have taken people

up on the hills and had them look over the valley, and they have said, "We heard this was a desert country. Why,

you cannot see the houses for the trees."

It is a beautiful valley. The Lord sends

us the early storms and the late storms and stores our mountains with snow so of year, sure, yearthat by we are the tzm#tt that so muchblessing of moisture we need to mature our crops and enjoy this once desert land. mrnfrte iypm/./

"TPhere are so many things that we

A might talk about if there were time.,. and you can make yourself

I want to say to you that every blessing we enjoy is the result of keeping the a famous dad by commandments of God. Every blessing remembering to bring home

those obtain same on desire must wewe

I that a box of to witnessterms. you today So

we have a Heavenly Father—I know Glade's Chocolates at least

that he lives. I know that Jesus was the

Christ, his Beloved Son, who gave his once each week.

mortal life that we might have eternal life. He came to this country twice,

once to the Nephites, and later in the days of Joseph Smith. The Father and

the Son came in that latter instance to see that the way was opened for the dissemination of his gospel. He has

called us to bear the priesthood and carry the gospel message as missionaries to the various parts of the world, and in return for that he has promised us eternal life in his celestial kingdom.

Joseph Smith and Hyrum Smith gave their lives as a testimony to the world of the truthfulness of this work.

You have voted today for two men in this audience who are the descendants of Hyrum Smith, the martyr. God

has blessed that family all down through the years, and if they will be faithful, he will continue to bless them, and nobody but themselves can take their blessings from them. You do not have

to belong to that family, but each of you has the same promise if you will seek first, not last, the kingdom of God and his righteousness. He has promised everything else. What more do IF IT'S IT'S GOOD

you want? But all is conditioned on

our willingness to honor him and keep CHOCOLATEShis commandments.

Joseph was a prophet who gave his GLADE CANDY COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH life for the cause. Hyrum was a patriarch who gave his life, and many others

have given their lives also for the gospel of Jesus Christ. This is the Lord's IIIIIOIIillllillOlllMIIIIOIIIIIIIIIIICJIIIIIIIIIIIIC MMMH)0<M)4MHMMh 0'frn<Bfr< >--<>-

work; his authority is deposited with

ROASTED NUTS elsethis in all DELICIOUS Church, and nowhere Cans IIV USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS Mixed in NitrogenPackedthe with the except Church. world

Knowing that, I am happy to be here ALMONDS—CASHEWS—PECANS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

with you. I am delighted to be able to BRAZILS—FILBERTS sore throat and other minor mouth

this in is If that withworship house you $7.20 Dealer cannot supply your you send

ior 12 to will cans ship postpaid and any and throat irritations. we Isacred to that us all. pray when we in place S. continental U.

go from here, each of us will return to

P. RITCHIE HARRY CO. determinaour with homes a renewed 12 HALL'S willtion that 333 E. 2nd St., of Los Angeles be worthy him who we

Salt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah blessings, us all thatgives our we will 11llllllE3llllimilllC]IIIIIIIIIIIIC]lllll!IIIIIIC]||IHIIIIII

MAY 1947 343.. ))

HOTEL LANKERSHIM GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

7th i IROADWAY Every Week Concluded page from 343 MODERATE

Headquarters RATESin Los in order that they Armeies not possess( too might R. Operator L. D.FRANKS. WISHON

Manaaer RAY H. BECKETT. greater happiness. enjoy

Is LOS ANGELES of the things that 'T'hese are some PERSONS "TWO CHJWCE"- ONE come to my mind this morning. I

that grateful to Father Heavenly am my in Baby Week free, this in land of the born I was this great nation, in this valley, among. the people who have dwelt here. I am Wl OIFER.

the for thankful during companionship A COMPLETE that For Us! best the men and women my life of SERVICE ENGRAVING

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest can be found anywhere in the world

Catalogues both at home and abroad. This mornMail Orders Given Prompt Attention ing we are here to wait upon the Lord.

listen the to here to are We CO. ENGRAVING UTAH us. will that to flow from him inspirationWe are 113 Regent St. Utah Salt Lake City,

here to say by our prayers and by our singing voices, "Heavenly Father, we thank thee for all that we enjoy."This

is aWeblessedhaveprivilege.here this morning mayors

of cities, the governor, and other officials of the state, some members of the

Church and some not, and how happy

in the city, I are here us. While you

plead the like to with LatterdayImprovement Era wewouldare to have our visiting friends with

Saints to see to it that everyone has a place to stay in comfort. Let this conference be notable for the generosity of

the reside here, people let us and who observes America This month is it that to see properly everybodySubscribers..

but for National Baby Week—of. care taken

I take this occasion to thank dozens us there are 52 Baby Weeks

The ERA gives you much of of my friends, that I cannot thank in every year!

the best current CHURCH any other way, for their greetings and For there is never a moment

LITERATURE. Within its covgood wishes on my birthday. It has been that we're not thinking of spe-

I delightful a experience, very and find auers you each month.. like cial. using yours babies thank you all, wherever be you may thoritative or written material selecting in care painstaking in, listening are written have who who leaders. our spoken by Church quality highest only the very to or or telegraphed telephoned your me

Has it occurred to you what good wishes. Surely it is a blessed thing cows'milk from Western Amerpriceless gems of theology, to be associated with such people, and ica's most fertile dairy farms.

poetry and downto-earth gosfrom the depths of my soul I pray that We're thinking of your baby, pel you have in the yearby- our Heavenly Father will now give us too, when we evaporate this year volumes of this magathe satisfaction of listening to his voice milk to doublerichness in our bis instructions during this zine? and confermodern plants, scientifically ence, are finished and when the meetings

Why not preserve them for and we return to our homes, that we heattreat it for absolute safety.

your future reference and your may take with us the influence and the Then, to help give your baby children's edification? We urge truths that we have enjoyed here to strong bones and sound teeth,

you to do so. share with those who are not fortunate we add extra vitamins A and D

enough to come here. I pray for these in just the right amounts.

blessings, in the name of Jesus Christ, isSingle bound volumes (12 numbers) Special Morning Milk an our Lord. Amen.

is milk that proevaporated attractive, cloth bluein durable, duced especially for babies.

binding, stamped in gold $2.25

each, plus postage. Melchizedek Priesthood

( Concluded from page 332 Bring them in or mail them to us set about putting his house in order, and to magnify his calling in the priesthood. Each ought to be continuously

engaged in a good cause of his own free Wow! will and bring to pass much righteousness, that the smiles of the Lord might

be upon us, and that the faith, industry, You Can Always Depend On—

integrity, devotion, sacrifice, and other high principles of our pioneer fathers ye$emtMew5 may be perpetuated in the lives of their children, to apparent and our visitorsp,re$5 all to the glory This is indeed of God.

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City a year of golden opportunities for the Morning Milk priesthood body of the Church located in the intermountain west.

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DAVID O. McKAY

(Continued from page 271) Capital and Labor J&L. >XXXX

sT have here notes on their ideas of ACT QUICKLY!

capital and labor. Elder Widtsoe

has already called our attention to this ideal, and I'll pass it without further comment except this added quotation: $500 #>

Labor builds our meetinghouses, temples,courthouses, fine halls for music, and fine UTAH CENTENNIAL it is labor that teachesschoolhouses; our ARTS and CRAFTS CONTESTchildren, with acquainted them and makes

the various branches of education, that CLOSES MAY 30 makes them proficient in their own language and other languages, and in every Act quickly! Enter now! You can

branch of knowledge understood by the win one of the cash prizes in the this the ofchildren enhances men; and all Arts $500 Utah Centennial Contest. prizes Separate and Crafts

the comfort the of glory and andwealth leather, for needlework, metal, plastics. and woodwork earth. people onany

Mail this coupon for patterns of centennial subjects

Then President Young admonishes HOMESalt LakeSERVICETribuneBUREAU his people to join with what he calls the Salt Lake City 1, Utah capitalists. He says SendContestmeaspatternsfollows: for the Utah Centennial Arts and Crafts

acquainted with a good many I am of 31 patternpatterns 20c50c (Enclose,, correct amount) them, as far asthem, I know I do not and know but every man is an honorable man. Name

receive your them, with wages Address Work

City and State to build use kingdomand... then them up the

of God.

pioneers the marhome Of life: To

riage of ordained not alt jab ifcibtme It was God. was

Sponsored the by intosomething be entered which should Lake Council of WomenCentennialand Committee,the Salt LakeSaltlightly, at pleasure, terminated or ended Tribune and Telegram.

at the first difficulty that might arise.

They taught that the marriage bond should be as eternal as love, the most divine attribute of the human soul.

Most surely, then, that bond should continue as long as love is an attribute of the spirit. Said the President:

Let every man in the land over eighteen dibittwiL/ years of age take a wife, and then go to work with your hands and cultivate the Sunday School Superintendents; Presidents of

business, mechanical atearth or labor some to honest Relief Societies; Primaries; M. I. A. and trade honest provide anor some

living for yourselves and those who dePriesthood Quorums.

pend upon you for their subsistence, observing temperance and loving truth and Raise the funds your organizations need by selling the beautiful virtue. Then would the women be cared

for, be nourished and honored and blessed,becoming honorable mothers of a race of CENTENNIAL SOUVENIR men and women farther advanced in physiMade from the highest quality bright yellow brass.

cal and mental perfection than their fainthers. create This a revolution would i Appeals to

results that produce country, would andour young and i Easy to sell. good. of incalculable bewould old alike.

i An excellent He further admonished I Arousesterest. inpocket

Strive to make your little home attrac- i Opens the piece.

for a let way freely, tive. houses your and lime Use be i used Can conGospel trees, coolnestle and of shade the beneath

as a watch versation. flowers. of fragrant perfume withbe made

fob.

tribute truly then, way, to pay One clean (Actual size) is to of builders theseto the west up, fix up and paint up our own homes. Be the first in your Ward to sell the beautiful

CENTENNIAL Souvenir.

Chastity and Virtue SOLD ONLY THROUGH CHURCH ORGANIZATIONS "\T7hat was their idea regarding 25c each in quantities of ten or more. (Retail for 50c and up.)

"chastity and virtue? As fundaPlease send check or money order to

mental to domestic happiness and social uplift these cherished they ideals. Said SECOND QUORUM OF ELDERS occasion:President on one Young

1248 15th St., Santa Monica, California

a daughter humbles of Eve man who Any off (Allow one week for mailing—postage prepaid.) virtue cast her to her rob and of her

( Continued on page 346 MAY 1947 345 DAVID O. McKAY

(Continued from page 345) dishonored and defiled, is her destroyer and is responsible to God for the deed. If the

refined Christian society of the nineteenth century will tolerate such a crime, God will not, but he will call the perpetrator to account. He will be damned; in hell he will

lift up his eyes, being in torment, until he aB/G has paid the uttermost farthing, and made full atonement for his sins. The defiler of

the innocent is the one who should be SOAP branded with infamy and cast out from respectable society and shunned as a pest or as a contagious disease is shunned. The

of respectable families doors should be VALVE closed against should be frownhim, and he ed upon by all highminded and virtuous persons. Wealth, influence, and position

should not screen him from their righteous indignation. His sin is one of the blackest

in the calendar of crime, and he should be cast down from the high pinnacle of respectability and consideration to find his place among the worst of felons.

Birth Control Condemned

Those pioneers condemned the artiFARMERS ficial means of limiting the number of children in the family, a growing evil, not only throughout the United States but also here in our own settlements. ATTENTION! Said the great leader:

To check the increase of our race has its advocates among the influential and powerful circles of society in our nation and in other nations. The unnatural style of living,

the extensive use of narcotics, the attempts to destroy the fountains of life and dry up Inquire of your local Utah Oil Refining Company are fast destroying the element American distributor regarding the big 1947 farm deal which of the nation.

offers you these advantages: Regarding selfcontrol, the pioneers

voiced the teachings of the Church on this principle:

Big quantity discounts on motor oils and

Let each person be determined, in the lubricants. name of the Lord Jesus Christ, to overcome

every besetment—to be the master of him-

2 Guaranteed prices on motor oils and lubself,tabernaclesthat theshallspiritrule;Godthenhasyouputcanin yourconlive, labor, there, this or go here do ricants. verse,

or that, converse and deal and with your brethren as you ought.

j # Liberal credit terms. yourYouappetitescannot areinheritbroughteternalin subjectionlife, unlessto

the spirit that lives within you, the spirit

Excellent service. which our Father in heaven gave. I mean the Father of your spirits, of those spirits

jv Free delivery. whichtabernaclehe hasmustput beintobroughtthese tabernacles.into subjectionThe

to the spirit perfectly, or your bodies canfo m Quality lubricants. notdo comebe raisedforth,totheyinheritmusteternaldwell life;in aiflowerthey

T A few farm storage tanks are available kingdom.all in subjectionSeek diligently,to the law ofuntilChrist.you bring

often hear themselves people excuse We their for gasoline and diesel fueL for lanuncouth manners and offensive guage by remarking, "I am no hypocrite,"thus taking to themselves credit for that which is really no credit to them. When

evil arises within me let me throw a cloak over it, subdue it instead of acting it out ACT NOW! upon the false presumption that I am honSee the Utah Oil Refining estgiveandutteranceno hypocrite.to the evilLet thatnot thyis intonguethine

Company distributor in heart,until goodbut commandshall prevailthy tongueover theto evilbe silentuntil thy wrath has passed away and the good your area. spirit shall move thy tongue to blessings

of kindness. feeland words When my

are aroused the ill doings to anger...by **i*ipeitf Ql ings

of others, I hold them as I would hold a wild horse, and I gain the victory. Some

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DAVID O. McKAY

think and say that it makes them feel better when they are mad, as they call it, to give vent to their madness in abusive and unbecoming language. This, however, is a fRESHMESS mistake. Instead of its making you feel better, it is making bad worse. When you WmtiBbetter, IUVOR give say think you and it makes you and credit the falsehood. to a wrath and When h IN %$ bitterness the are heart of molded human

another, check or hindrance, without any FROttM into words and hurled with violence at one fire has the expended no sooner tt> it is again rekindled through someitselftriflingthan course, until the course of nature is set on fire.

WITH Slander and Backbiting /\n slander, already mentioned by the "President of the Twelve, George

F. Richards, the pioneers held this:

Protect freshness, flavor Some are in the habit of talking about and appearance in frozen their neighbors, of vending stories they meats, fish, fowl and game ]*y know nothing about, only that Aunt Sally with LOCKERAP—the moisturevapor- said that Cousin Fanny told Aunt Betsy that

proof paper that LOCKS in the NATold Aunt Ruth said something or other, or

URAL JUICES. Used by the best locker somebody had a dream; and by the time the

it you, has reaches or dream assumed plants. Get LOCKERAP at your grocer's! story

of the semblance are a fact, very and you

Handy Guide to Correct Wrapping foolishly spending your time in talking about things that amount to nothing, or that with. report concern have no you A is Lynden Chicken

that started has done such a one and wrong sheet Use STEP 1: now back its time the rounds, has it has begone large by to enough wrap around at your grocer's—theFricassee is

TWICE. Place meat come anointed with the salve of the backeasy, thrifty way to serve chickbiter and endowed close to end of paper no work, no waste, no spirit. their know en—and roll talebearer—become... When you once. over BE with

SURE THAT WAXED what right is and are capable of correcting bother. Just open a BIG can of

Fricassee—alto heat SIpE IS NEXT TO MEAT enougha personfor thatyou tois judge.wrong, then it is time readyLyndencooked—readyChicken

Profanity and serve, and, if you want to

STEP 2: Tuck in one side give the family a special treat,

of paper. Be sure to In this connection they condemned

tightly crease tuck and securely, insuring airprofanity. tight seal. Sealing air try this

out is essential to proIf any are in the habit of taking the name tection of flavor of God in vain, cease doing so today, tomorrow, and throughout the coming week, Quick Chicken Fricassee and so continue, and you will soon gain strength to overcome the habit entirely; 'n Dumplings!

you will gain power over your words. -K 1 can (1 lb. 13 ox.)

So taught the father of our country, LYNDEN CHICKEN FRICASSEE

George Washington, who said to his k 2 cups prepared Biscuit Mix soldiers on one occasion: * Y4 cup Milk

chicken Remove from can and place gravy is that sorry to general informed be The in kettle heavy tight with fitting lid. Bring

foolish practice of the profane and wicked to boil. gentle if gravy, 3: Roll Thin STEP desired. half meat Add STEP tightly Seal 4: with

litvice heretofore swearing, a and chicken liquid boils when and over in again drop tuck and or string. in tape Lobel with cursing

tle in army, an dumplings is growing American by known teaspoonfuls. make other To side of wrapper soft pencil or crayon. dumplings, add of in officers will, fashion. cup the to milk the hopes by He %

biscuit stir mix and until smooth. Cover well as to as influence, endeavor example

kettle and steam dumplings and chicken it that the they both and check and men 15 minutes lifting lid. without at Serve little that reflect will hope can have we

servings. 4 generous if once. blessings of of the our heaven arms on *ed Pope, folly. insult impiety our and it by Added we

to this, profanity is a vice so mean and Get a BIG can today low, without any temptation, that every man

Western ofit. sense and character detests and despises

Service clipp '"Phe pioneers helped each other in ii ytjsr adversity, shared with the hungry the last loaf of bread, gave their time and means for the upbuilding of the

WESTERN PORTLAND. OAKLAND WAXED PAPERLOS ANGELESCO. community and on not a few occasions

Division C r own - Zel I e rb a c h Corp. offered their lives for the truth. That LYNDEN

is service. CANNING KITCHENS

( Concluded on page 348 MAY 1947 347 DAVID O. McKAY

{Concluded from page 347) Thus they exemplified in their teach-

J: ings the two great commandments,

love the Lord thy God with all thy might, mind, and strength, and thy neighbor as thyself. Truly they followed the example of the Prophet Joseph, who, as we have already heard

today, was ever an inspiration to the great leader of the Mormon pioneers.

"If my life is of no value to my friends, it is of no value to me."

Truly, in this centennial celebration, we can reecho the words of the great composer, Evan Stephens:

Zion's children sing for joy, Praise the great and guiding hand

That led you to the chosen land,

Oh, dauntless pioneers!

Sing His praise who made you free

In the land of liberty, Thank the Lord, who raised a band

Of noble pioneers.

Zion's children, shout for joy,

Make the hills and valleys ring,

Great the theme the song ye sing,

Immortal pioneers.

God give us the power to perpetuate their faith and ideals, and thus help make their lives and deeds an everlasting blessing I pray in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

"For a better finish.,.better use

SPENCER W. KIMBALL

{Continued from page 298) pabco exmiOR trim finish"economic unit. The average of seven

You'll discover a new ease dries over night to an exsheep,they cana halfacremake fromof landrug weavingand the littleand and satisfaction in painting tremely high decorative gloss silversmithing and incidentals, will bring about eighty dollars a year, or with the new Pabco Exterior that is retained thoughout its $1.50 a week, income, for each person.

Trim! Selfleveling with a lifetime! Superb weathering an Itmakesis estimatedabout thatthreethecentsNavajoto womseven

great hiding power... and it qualities. Choose from ten cents an hour at her weaving and the

silversmith makes little more. During

cleaner, truer, more brilliant the war the allotments from the three thousand six hundred service boys colors... colors with the "Caligave the tribesmen some financial refornia touch"for western lief,theirbutstarvationnow theyincomes.are reduced again to

homes!

HPhe health conditions are deplorable.

"They have but one fulltime dentist See your Pabco dealer now!

for sixtythree thousand people and no (He's listed in the Classified field nurse or doctor, though they should have twentyfive or thirty of

Section of your phone book.) each to even approach rural standards.

The birth rate is high, but the death rate is also very high, being sixteen per thousand as against 10.5 for the nation

and 6.36 for the Church. The large

dirt being in lives the f family hogan in Stucco Cracks floor, dirt with circular small room one with fire or stove a with windows, and no and *aterpr.o< Caulk

that amazing in the center. All members of the

PABCO WHITE HYDROSEAl floor.family Theresleep isonno sheepprivacy,peltspracticallyon the

no furniture or equipment. There are

-*THE PARAFFINE no sanitary conveniences inside or out.

COMPANIES*INC. a, und Wind.ws...pa.nover.t With a single towel, a common cup,

SAN FRANCISCO 19 no hot water nor disinfectants, it is easy to ee why trachoma, impetigo, and other skin diseases run through the 348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPENCER W. KIMBALL

'family, and why dysentery, venereal Beautiful diseases, and tuberculosis run rampant. Spacious

it families of thirtyone surveyIn a SUNLIGHT and family that three in each foundwas had tuberculosis. In their scatteredcondition, and with such limited hosSHADOWS

pital facilities, many lie in their hogans, Compiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.—

coughing in the air, spitting on the floor, especially for those who conduct or to finally die on the ground floor withwho speak at funerals. Pocketsized.

numerTheirout medical assistance.

bind them down.ous superstitions The choiceGems poems,oi philosophy,suggested

use of peyote is increasing, and its songs, scriptural quotademoralizing opiate effect is most detions, L. D. S. beliefs.

structive. The Indians have learned all Limited edition $1.75

is vices, liquor and man'sthe white live "at * * * there. thusflood stage"they And

without the power to raise themselves from the deplorable situation. They Other Choice Books:

cannot lift themselves by their bootLION HOUSE RECIPES $2.00

straps. They must have help. They Angle Earl

realize it. The late chairman of the

tribal council epitomized their thinkOUR BOOK OF MORMON....$2.50

ing when he said: Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

TO WHOM IT MAY of the means are a ward We people—that $3.00... CONCERN slaves. chase are us down Theywe

with a gun... to Ft. Sumner.... Marvin O. Ashton

How I wish you could go with me FAMILY ETERNAL $2.25

through the Indian reservations and Roy A. West

particularly Navajo Land and see the Order by phone, mail, or in person poverty, want, and wretchedness, and realize again that these are sons and daughters of God; that their miserable

their cenresult, not of onlystate is the 1136BDOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah godlessness, sinsturies and of and wars but is also attributable to us, their conquerors, who placed them on reservations with such limited resources and facilities, to starve and die of malnutrition and unsanitary conditions, while we become fat in the prosperity from Orchard and Row Crop them. Think assets fromthe we took IRON AGE Sprayers

then things, people, andof these myweep for the Indian, and with your j Are efficient, modern tears, pray; then work for him. Only \ Profitpayers.

through us, the "nursing fathers and /mothers,"may they eventually enjoy a W fulfilment of the many promises made ROW CROP and ORCHARD to them. Assuming that we do our duty Model 7133-31

to them, the Indians and other sons of

Lehi will yet rise in power and strength. SPRAYERSThe Lord will remember his covenant mm

will established to pressure with PRESSURE JH1GH beto to them; his Church spare—350 PUMP

lbs. sq. in. 1000 pressure range. per insecticide Spreads in scripother the Bible them; andamong clinging, protective a to mist total assure coverage of

tures will be made available to them; foliage. In 8 pump sizes; 6 to 50 gals, per minute capacities.

for easy conversion DESIGN FLEXIBLE orchard, to grove temples ) will enter into the holythey use. or 100 crop sizes row Over for and models power takefor their and endowments do vicarious on* drive. or engine

work; they will come to a knowledge of | RUGGED CONSTRUCTION for years of dependable service

their fathers and to a perfect knowlyears of easy, economical operation.

edge of their Redeemer Jesus Christ; Write for complete information TODAY. Model 7155-01

will, shall in the land prosper andthey PLANTERS OUSTERS SPRAYERS city, even a holy help, build ourwith up TRANSPLANTERS WEEDERS DIGGERS the New Jerusalem, unto their God. CONVEYORS JUICE PRESSES SPECIAL MACHINERY

Only in our doing all in our powerto restore these people to their heritage, (Htftktt can we even approach a justification their land. taken promisedfor having B. FARQUHAR COMPANY

assist our IRONAGE A. all to see us the LordMay

full duty respecting these people and PARm equipment DIVISION give us the courage and determination to guarantee that they have the educaThe family that prays together holds together—Read

tion, culture, security, and all other adthat luxuriesvantages and we enjoy THE IMPROVEMENT ERA theI pray, in name of Jesus Christ. 12 Issues $2.00

Amen.

MAY 1947 349

Let's Talk It Over (Continued from page 301 In Your Hands.. mistake is an essential test of sincerity.

Taking complete responsibility for one's own errors is a lonely position, but it is the only one which does not.0 increase guilt.

Then we are admonished to "turn away from sin."When Christ told the

woman, "Go, and sin no more,"he was putting the burden of proof squarely upon her shoulders. In saying that he con**01 did not condemn her, it was a little as

if he said, "You can prove whether you have good within yourself and are worth saving by your power to quit sin.

If your sin is too great, you will no longer strength have to turn but away, nMtvi*TlHG if there is virtue within you, you can call upon it, turn from evil, and our

Father will save you because you will be worth saving."Everyday living pro-

'';<-:, vides many examples of this point of

view. Seasonally, as we look through

our clothing or equipment, we may sometimes discard fairly new and clean things because they are of little or trivial use to us, while we may, at times, save battered possessions because of intrinsic worth or because, for us, there is still great use left in them.

If turn to have the from power we.'.'''.: ".':.::...:....-'.:'-'''.-,..::: ''":'.": v.;:.,. evil deliver service great value, and and

we are, in a sense, compensating for our

There's nothing so satisfying as knowing you have control over "handicap."

your approaching harvest. Control over its timing... cost...

thoroughness... and, especially, control over difficult or adverse Ane of the troubles with sin is that

conditions. it has such power over us. Habits

take hold. One taste of the forbidden

Discovery of this satisfaction has placed the All -Crop Harvester may give us a tremendous appetite.

on ranches throughout the West. The AllCrop's low first cost Turning away is not easy. But it has

been done under stimulus the powerful gives even the smallacreage ranch all the advantages of an effiof repentance. sin Great sorrow over

cient, immediate harvest. Low cost also enables large ranches to sometimes acts as a strong inoculation,

multiply the AllCrop's unusual harvesting control—in fleets. creating a revulsion of feeling and a

complete reformation of character.

Perhaps you have seen the AllCrop Harvester's uncanny ability to Few of us have the power in and of thresh difficult seed crops—flowers, vegetables, Bent grass, Ladino ourselves to effect any such transclover. You may also have seen grain saved under difficult condihelpformation.of our HeavenlyBut we canFather.do it withWe canthe

tions by such features as these: closecutting header, fullwidth spiral have that help if we pray earnestly for

bar cylinder with speed changed at the turn of a crank, rubber shellit and live for it. So it is a little like

ing contacts, airblast separation, oversize straw rack and variablestraps.""pulling Butourselvesthe fact upthatbywe ourdesirebootand

speed V-belt drives. seek righteousness goes far in creating

Ask your AllisChalmers dealer why this theCertainly,strength fortoo,thatif rewardingwe hope forpull.forword is spreading in the West: If "it giveness, we must forgive. When our

Father said, "I, the Lord, will forgive can't be saved,"get an AllCrop Harvester whom I will forgive, but of you it is required to forgive all men,"the comflLLIS-CHflLMERS mandupon allwasof unmistakable.us, and wiselyIt so,was sincelaid

TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. none of us knows the circumstances or

combinations of forces under which another mortal lives. We do not always

know the ones under which we ourselves live, so, perhaps, it is implicit that when we have done all that we can, we forgive ourselves and no longer turn back in suffering but go forward to the best of our ability.

Perhaps it is also implicit that we protect ourselves and others as much as possible by staying determinedly out of temptation, by creating wholesome environments and by praying constant350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Let's Talk It Over ly for strength—since none of us has

absolute knowledge of all our weaknesses or of exactly where our "breaking point"lies.

Admittedly, some of our young people in the last few years have not had all the protection to which youth and inexperience are entitled, and while that statement is not intended in any way as an excuse—since we all have the

protection of our Heavenly Father if we earnestly seek it—still a set of circumstances was created which would

make all of us prone to say, "there, but for the grace of God, go I."

At any rate, humanity in general, does not and cannot judge you. We

must leave it in the hands of our Father in heaven who, alone, understands all circumstances and knows all values.

We must leave it to the solemn and beautiful forces of repentance and to your own power of making them operative.

And if you can make the principle of repentance cover your situation, then remembering that our Heavenly Father is a God of love and charity, as well as justice, and that his avowed intention is to save and exalt as many of his children as possible—then there must be

hope. And perhaps, more than a ray

of it!

It's a story told without words

Each day seems to write a new—because it is easy for babies to chapter in the story of your baby's digest—because it is surely free

growth. The stronger grip on your from harmful germs.

finger. The straight back, when he Potent reasons, those. But there's

learns to sit alone. The first tiny one more. Sego Milk is fortified

white tooth. The sound legs, sturdy with a new form of vitamin D—

out into to enough carry him kind of the pure same Vitamin D 3—the well"say "all's big world. These bright sunshine vitamin D that

more eloquently than words. would provide if your baby could

chiefly milk you depends upon the GET The story of your baby's growth get enough sunshine. It's the combination of this vitamin and the the sure that give him. And being

that provides minerals milk which gi\e your CHICKEN milk baby is good you RID to have a help your to grow, baby longer Doc- a problem. milk is no

tors recommend Sego Milk for welldeveloped body, sound teeth, babies because it is uniformly rich and bones that are straight and

Just tap Black Leaf in the food substances of whole milk strong. perches on with the CapBrush Applicator—Heat from the roosting chickens Ask your doctor about Sego Milk—the first brand of

causes to rise fumes and evaporated milk to be fortified with pure vitamin D3 quickly lice rid them of and feathermites.

This seal certifies that all state- I flopped lor i This t seal certifiesm that the WisResearch Founconsin Alumni BLACK LEAF 40 achave here been ments made tests to dation periodic makes is also as used a spray the as true Council cepted by diluted with that Sego determine Milk for destroying aphids and of the and Nutrition American NOiimos 3ivH<nnsy on Foods gives always of water an equal amount other small suckin insects on plants. Kills Medical Association. you 400 units of vitamin D per quart. by contact; kills by MM

fumes. Sold by Send for this 64page baby book. A reliable guide to dealers in factory

to childhood. infancy training, through care and baby sealed containers—

... physician. Also wellknown by a Approved strong. fresh and

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS Mary Lee Taylor's latest recipe booklet. Write to:

& CHEMICAL CORP., SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

INCORPORATED 'mnnnmnBi) Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

LOUISVILLE 2, Kf Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho mfwex LOOK FOR THE LEAF ON THE PACKAGE

MAY 1947 351 URPHEIfln COME IN The cover of the Era ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

Is like the open door 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "C,"San Diego, Calif.

To many many rooms 1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif.

I have never seen before. 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

T peek inside and "Explore the Universe."Wonders will never 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

* cease.

Ah, the work that has gone into the advertisements! Somefor slaved one illustrations the over that days notice I scarcely still the storms blow."is Drifting Us. on Remember "Sand because hurry the into and look "Contents"room. faster than it wears, "Church rusts out and the machinery

Perhaps story has in this issue. out come Imymust No, there On."is FarmMoves

one. only this mile bookish after walking And "Serial The this belongs to Prince Redd. Room"Anna To rest at the jokes awhile Let's and stop she has her given lie in life's blood. very of research Years

softly close the a smile. door with back Then this room. writer friends Her given of friendly hours have

criticism. This story might have been a "best seller"if she Eugene Olsen

had made a book. --

Perhaps in this, as in Dorothy Clapp Robinson's "Green

Hill"room, there are the brightest memories of childhood. Then Servicemen's Coordinator

the leaves were greener, the sun shone brighter, the air was fresher. Life's sweetest treasure, childhood memories are exPresident Bruce R. McConkie of

posed to view. the First Council of the Seventy,

I hurry on, passing the sweat and toil of doctors and great has been appointed by the First for the as coordinator It Presidency the of is ages. wisdom here mailbox. our Ho! men—the

Saint servicemen. Latterday He has holes side. the in the same hunter has tried a boy Many

will visit the missions various and his aim old our instead of bird. on elusive box an

in the of to aid the stakes Church editorial is plainly The furnished. room useful the Only in setting the keeping of of plan things place here. have editor smiles at says, The and "You me these excontact with men, young If lucky. are it a you mistake catch make save and you we into operation. plained 337, on page ridicule, from is reader editor? but the to the All save who susPresident was McConkie, who in I magazines I the world laugh mistake."a when make tained as the Authority at General a

I this ponder as hall. the move down

conference, October 1946 was "Two is Company,"by Mary Ek Knowles, shows a smoothmajor in the armed forces duringa after that practice in years of beauty ness and come only World War II.

print illustrations! writing. the as nicely as they Did And BRUCE R. McCONKIE

their creator wished? Does he long for the day of colored

printing? These stories are important because they have pic- -$-

tures.

A little poem greets my eye. How many stop to read this There's A Reason

miniature sermon? I am sorry that memorizing poems in school "Can anybody tell me,"the Sunday School teacher asked,

in my youth left a bad taste in my mouth. The poet, inspired "why the lions didn't eat Daniel?"

artist in writing, is too often neglected and poorly paid. "Could it be that most of him was backbone, and the rest

"The Spoken Word"is more powerful than the sword. I of him was grit?"came the answer from the back row.

would learn how to reconcile myself With life.

How true to life is Mary Brentnall! Where did she discover Clear Thinking

these principles?

to teacher School endeavoring explain was Sunday A

I failed shames because "Homing The have Room"me people. for rewards to heavenly good

child teach the things. value other I long and of money my tell said of the lesson, will at the me,"she end "who "Now

in for the dishes "Cook's busy. Corner"but are so we the biggest get crown?"

Surprise! "Lady Cow Clothes"was published after all. "Him what's got the biggest head."

Here is the first story of a beginner. How he worried over

each word; how he hoped that the world would notice him Need of the Hour

sometime. to edit""Acceptance came Then Day"—the

do we need "What import. great Eight one of hundred letter was "rightwords—eight

glad asked you in long words, hundred and composing it seemed how how "I'm forthat—I'vedinner tonight?"just tripped over the edge

short in print! of the rug, and we need a set of dishes."

These genealogically minded sisters of the Salt Lake City Eighth Ward, under the direction of Anna Tonnesen, have high aims: to go to the temple at least

once a week, to encourage temple activities by the families of the ward, to foster the spirit of record keeping and research, and to stimulate an interest in an allaround genealogical program. The whole ward is justifiably proud of the results.

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rnii

!i

V-:M w-

W-

/J

m

It stands against a whirlwind wrath...and 0llrPLATES your engine/

AGAINST THE COMBINED, MIGHTY that cylinder walls and other en- W

FORCES of wind and electricity, gine parts are actually oilplated!

even the world's tallest building seems frail. Yet, though it mayBECAUSE OILPLATING STAYS UP

sway, it will not fall, for in its on cylinder walls... doesn't all

slender columns and girders, pardrain down even overnight... a

ticles of steel are bonded together change to Conoco N th gives you by a still mightier elemental force extra protection when you first... the tremendous force of molecstart your engine "dry"... extra

ular attraction! protection from corrosive acid action

when your engine is idle... extra:*m

WHEN YOU CHANGE FOR SPRING protection from sludge and carbon. extra smooth, to Conoco N th motor oil, the same caused by wear..

elemental force of molecular atcool, silent miles.

traction bonds molecules of a special lubricating ingredient to moleSTOP WHERE YOU SEE THE RED l cules of engine metal! So close is of Your Conoco Mileage Merchant.

this bond of molecule to molecule, Continental Oil Company

Make a date to 1 IrPLATE...NOW! MOTO*OIL

M-PLATS yoo *G>'** pj%

'p****

hH<,*,,

j

V I *M

i HP/</!#'- I >'

Looking Forward,*> Spring- -a time of new hope, of redoubled effort and greater achievement... a time when kind Nature gives

us "another chance."

Spring is a time, too, of looking to the security of those dependent upon us for the necessities, comforts, and advantages of life. Experience teaches that the quickest,

safest way to provide these things is to carry- -now, while you can - - adequate life insurance..* 4-;94-. <*

''': -1.*>'''- ATlf&rfSI* SIaiIs

i'>.*.:.-.-"BENGAL 1 <alt Ut* Gtifc tfr.. -RETURN* POSTAGE.: GUARANTEED

: SI *$*-'AKEvjDITY I.UTAH

- s*-ymi