i /

!i

I f

t <iA.. * "-

Ai--t "m J, tgitiirii im

MARCH, 193:

Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah VV

DEPENDABLE

Men and women and business firms consult with First Security banks concerning their financial problems and deposit their funds therein because they know by experience that these banks are dependable. The strength and protection afforded by their resources and

sound, timetested banking policies justifies the confidence and patronage they enjoy.

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett, Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Hailey, Blackfoot, Ashton,

Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyoming; Provo, Bingham, Magna, and Richmond, Utah.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO.

Salt Lake City Ogden Logan FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. FIRST SAVINGS BANK ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Salt Lake City Ogden Idaho Falls, Idaho ptftn Largest Intermountain Banking Organization. 3S

ffhemprouement Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family

article Religion Dr. on by A N EDITORIALS

S. will be Bennion one Adam

Merrill 288 R. Leadership the of features of the April numMerrill 288 R. Cardston Adult Class Leads the Way -- HarrisonHarrison ber the of Era. Improvement This 289 Brandley Elsie T. in March Winds vrill series the in seventh be a

which have dealt "Challengwith the ing Problems of Twentieth ARTICLES

Century."Every article in the seWhat College Did To My Religion B. H. Roberts 259

ries has been outstanding, and Dr. The Frontispiece Alice Merrill Home 262

Everett Spring 263 Year Customs Leap Quaint Bennion's discussion of religion 267 -rny Brown Lyman Family The willbring series to a fine 273 Bergstrom George Coils climax. Fangs and

S. 275 Bennion Kenneth Oquirrhs the of Town i Mercur—Ghost 27 Kinley David in Industry Progress of Century or Our i serial—"Foreveri A NEW 281 Earl Lyman Pictures Indoors W. Good Make How To "* Captain True - 282 Rust Dave Virgen""Rio Never"—by

B. Harmson, of Arizona, will beWinter Sports in YosemitCCristel Hastings 284

gin in the April issue. The story Silver Linings Claire W. Noall 296

will run in five or six issues of the Lights and Shadows on the Screen 298 magazine. Readers should plan Glancing Through Elsie T. Brandley 299

to get started with the story. FICTION i i i

C. Moloney 264 Hearts Can Ache Too Margaret '"TEN one of the young by poems 270 Daniel McQuavrie

is a regular poets conPalmetto who tributor Improvement to The Era POETRY will in April. Decorabe featured

tions will be by Nelson White, the Low Roofs Florence H. Townsend 277

Claire 291 S. Boyer nationally known Salt Lake artist. Spring

Eggertson 295 The Bible Virginia -f i i To Verna Aice Lee Eddy 295 'I HE month of April is always Dawn Fava K. Parker 295

295 R. Ackley Hugh Song Hunger The the to Latterday important Hall Frances 295 Nell's Song Jo

the Saints, date for it is which is 295 Lindsay. Ruth Brown The Wind

considered to be the actual birthday Vision Estelle Webb Thomas 295 of Christ, and the anniversary of Wind, My Brother..Anne Zuker 309

Church. the of the organization My Cottage Ride -—- CamilleGrace ZenorC. NufferBratt 33 11 of Night It is,'the frequently, month

Easter, as well, and the cover for the April Era is to be in keeping DEPARTMENTS

Harwood's Aaronic Priesthood -.—303 with—a thereproductionsignificanceofof the events Mclchizedck Priesthood——301

painting of the Master. Mutual Messages

i i i ExecutiveAdults Department———.—,.i::. -:.- -. 306306

The Cover Seniors 307 307 MenGleaners M cover the on photograph 'T*HE. 3 9 Men is M is Rio of the 1 Wilkes and - by 3 Gleaners

de La Virgen, showing Mt. MaJuniors—-.—3 1

jestic in the background. The BeeHive Girls 3 1

color scheme is by Weiberg. Boy Scouts 313

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Office, at Salt;Post the Entered OFFICES: EDITORIAL AND EXECUTIVE Business Mgr. Ballard,Melvin J. CITY. BLDG., LAKE SALT City, OFFICE as secondclass Utah, UT. Lake CHURCH Mgr. 406 Bus.Clarissa Asso. Beesley, A.

Mutual'Jmprovement Copyright, 1932, Men's by the Young matter. for at mailing Acceptance Ass't Bus. Mgr. B. Peterson,O. Christ Jesus Corporation Church the Association of special for rate of postage provided Morris, (tfreserved.George rights Saints. Q. All of Latterday

in section of 1103, October, Act year, price, $2.00 in advance; a Subscription Taylor,Rachel Grant

Chairmen Era and Publicity zoc a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

.r

M

WHAT COLLEGE DID TO MY

eligton

{An Article in the Atlantic Monthly, June, 1932, by Philip E. Wentworth)

By B. H. ROBERTS

President Roberts is never better than when he is defending the Church and its philosophy of life. In a 'moorld torn by conflictSy

and the world has always been torn by conflicts arising from the changing visions of truthy articles of this sort are always found interesting and helpful. They act as teeth tearing at the cocoon In

which people wrap themselves.

a friend called tion for the Presbyterian ministry, RECENTLY my attention to an article or any ministry of the Christian in the Atlantic Monthly for persuasion.

June, 1932, under the above cap- "Before I went to college, [Mr. Wenttion. The article is a frank conworth affirms], I was thorouglily at home

fession of the destruction, utter and centralin a universefigure ofwhichan omnipotentrevolved Deity.about theIn

complete, of Mr. Wentworth's Cambridge I was suddenly plunged into

religion. He introduces the article another world. I found myself breathing

by saying: a wholly different atmosphere. My teachers

spoke a new language; their words were

"To say that college does something to familiar enough, but the import of them the average student's religion is to state a was strange to me. It was essentially a

truth which will be conceded by anyone difference in attitude and point of view."

who has given the matter a moment's thought. Nine young men and women traces in this Atlantic

receive their OE ten of everyout who will article Monthly by several thisdegrees admit, probably June would if they were called to testify, that edusteps, his efforts at readjustment to cation has acted as a poison to their faith."his orthodox faith, but to no purpose. He refers to himself as an

Then Mr. Wentworth adds: "apostate."He refers to the "break-

"In many instances the virus generated ing down of Christianity,"and by the reasoning processes induces only a to a "large company of young men mild distemper of skepticism, but in others and women [attendants at colleges] it like its eating into an acid, works way in this who now ishare the label [of aposuntil of credulitythe the end bump estimable organ is completely corroded."tate] with him."He says: "Thousands of young me!n and women

This, it must be admitted, is a go to college each year from homes very frank and a very serious statemore or less like mine, to return ment of the results of contact of changed beyond recognition in all young "Christian"people with their ideas."

college life. Mr. Wentworth ac- B. H. Roberts It is the closing paragraphs of

knowledges this to be so up to the this article to which my friend full value of it, by frankly confessligion, a Presbyterian, and regiscalled my attention and presented ing to a state of "apostasy,"in his tered for college to make preparto me as a "challenge"and desired own case, an apostasy from "Oration for the ministry of that to know what answer could be thodox Christianity."Church. He chose as his school for made to this article, embracing, as

In his youth Mr. Wentworth preparation Harvard University, it does, a confession of destruction

was rearedafter that strictest order which wrecked his faith completely of faith by college contacts. In

of the sects of the Protestant reand turned him from the preparaview of that I quote the part of the

260 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

article my friend submitted to me has had to call upon the law for official to be broken (cf. Isa. xxiv:l-7;

as said "challenge."It stands as protectionof spiritual againstdecadence.evolution,Nationalis a prohibisymbol Heb. xiii:20). This was the

follows tion is another sign of the same thing writ covenant that was to be broken, "When religion begins to lose its hold large. Thus for some years the Churches the Gospel covenant centered in the

upon the minds of men, as it is now have been abdicating in their own field Christ, and sealed by his blood.

legal restraints. in putting their faith and us,doing thing a peculiar happens. with steps disastrous most One of the

is accident, "It that then, the no is driven by its ChurchThe own weakness this direction in took groups Christendom are ever stringent which more demandingto shift its social responsibilities to other shoulders. Now there is only one other laws to regulate our private lives are was when it fixed limitations upon

institution strong enough to take on new identical, almost to a man, with the reliitself by denying continuous reveburdens |in such an emergency, and it is an gious groups in the population. It makes lation to the Church. By doing

difference are Protestants they whetherinstitution like which, the has no Church, the an estoppage Church placed stricter enforcement for of this clamoringalways in forcing been a measure engaged possibility enlargeof the of official i prohibition for agitating or Catholics parental eitherof control upon men who would not or could not control themselves. stricter legislation regarding the dissemment of religious truths which set

This is the State. As religion becomes ination of birthcontrol information. In limits 'to that development, and left

is instances being pressure Increasing both areinoperative, overworked. governments Christianity disadvantage at a great

to to take bear brought government upon at the present "In America moment scienprogressive with a constantly practical over the of religion functions is thisthere peculiar that evidence ample dislocation of function has already reached and for the obvious reason that religion, tific knowledge that knows no liman acute st'age. The ineffectiveness of In its decay, is no longer able to do its its, but advances with open mind

the in world. work is social revealed, a force asChristianity into the ever enlarging field of

I an apostate, "Though in I must adam crime ofon outbreak the one hand, an truth. of the knowledge * * mit, * that it gives is me no satisfaction seriousnessthe of knowlwhich common

edge; and the government has not yet been to realize what a large company of young Against this movement of ever

able to devise satisfactory measures for men and women now share the label with advancing knowledge towards dealing with it. The Church, on the me. But I see no help for it. The Church truth by the investigations land

Its lost us. power to moveother of its weakness, hand, aware has aware Its condiscoveries conscienof gifted and ceptions as seem unreal it generationthat longer obedience to my can no command

the adopted Churches tious men, the as the of Greece. ancient its Gods the teachingsto methtime-honored by

od of invoking the wrath of God is led to "The breakdown of Christianity is policy of denunciation and suplean more and more heavily upon the particularly unfortunate in America, where *pression in the vain hope of coneducators are so building busyState, secular for our support fborrowing new fining the really truth to unfolding dormitories thinking and systems sad up religious new injunctions.purely The the limits they fixed upon it by of Instruction that see they not doplight Christianity of in Tennessee, which how

urgently the situation calls upon them to their limitations of revelation.

redefine the purposes for which their pedThe next false step taken by agogical exists. far machinery so In as existing defective Christianity was

the colleges destroy religious faith without lost faith in truth when it and its A substituting a vital take to philosophy place, they are turning loose upon the appealed from the innate power of world young barbarians 'who,havc been truth to stand in, and by, its own \\ freed from the discipline of the Church strength against error and sought before themselves."they have learned how to discipline the support of secular power—the

enforce State—to 1 > > \,- -'

heresy by QHRISTENDOM has been authorityorthodoxyofandthe punish brought to this pitiful state pains and penalties. Christendom

represented by Mr. Wentworth by forgot the glorious idea of the poet,

fulfilling the prophecy of Isaiah, John Milton, viz:

namely, by transgressing the laws "Though all the winds of doctrine and changing the ordin,ances and [heresy] were let loose to prey upon the breaking the everlasting covenant earth; so truth be In the field, we do inof which the blood of the Christ gloriously by licensing and prohibiting to

falseher strength. Let her and\\ \\\<>'V'; v\v:\ \r'is spoken of as being the covenant misdoubt

truth put hood grapple. Whoever knew

to the worse In a free and open encounter?";;

'T'HIS policy of limiting by unbelief God's revelation of truth, followed by loss of confidence in the power of truth, and turning to secular forces—the State

so-—has resulted in discrediting

called Christianity until as stated by Mr. Wentworth, "education

* * * spells the end of orthodoxy."This abandonment of the

selfsufficiency of truth to stand by her own strength, Mr. Wentworth

illustrates by saying that the

Church shifts this responsibility to the State and makes known modern "religion's weakness by borrowing secular support for the enforcement of religious injuncThe Improvement Era for March, 1933 261

tions."He instances in proof of

this the "Protestant Churches'appeal for State enforcement of prohibition,"the Catholic Church's agitation for "stricter legislation regarding the dissemination of birthcontrol information"; and

"the sad plight of Christianity in

Tennessee which tailed upon the law for lofficial protection against teaching evolution in its schools;"

and thus he claims that "for some years the Churches have been abdicating their own field and putting their faith in secular suppression and legal restraints."

To understand the effect of this more clearly it will be necessary to call attention to the fact that government, by which we mean at this moment, the means by which human conduct is somewhat controlled'and enforced, consists really of two kinds: one "Moral Government,"and the other generally recognized as "Effective Government."

lyfORAL Government is God's government and rests upon teaching the truth, leaving it by its innate force to win its way into the convictions of men and produce in them a selfcontrol which will lead to adherence to truth, and hence to the right conduct as set forth by truth. This "Moral

Government"rests 'upon "perof this or that being applied when rectly). So, I say, the Churches

suasion, longsuffering, gentleness, the laws are transgressed, that is, turning to secular, "Effective Govand meekness, and by love unpunishments. Whatever may be ernment,'.'to enforce religious docfeigned, by kindness, and pure conceded as to the necessity of entrines and discipline, abandon their

knowledge which ishall greatly enforcement of "Effective Governlegitimate sphere and enter one large the soul without hypocrisy, ment"for the purpose of restrainwholly repugnant to their prinand without guile, reproving being men from injuring one another, ciples. When Churches thus abantimes with sharpness when moved or to secure good order in society, don their confidence in the power

upon by the Holy Ghost;"but "no it should never be invoked for enof truth, they play havoc with

power or influence can or ought to forcing orthodox beliefs or Church their own authority.

be used,"except by the principles discipline.

named above, "and then showing When "Moral Government"T THINK, however, my friend, forth afterwards an increase of love forsakes its high functions of teachwho submitted to me this towards him whom thou hast reing truth and leaving that truth to Atlantic Monthly article, had proved, lest he esteem thee to be win its way by its own force of something more in mind when his enemy."These are the forces reasonableness, beauty, and benefhe presented this "challenge"to

operating in "Moral"or God's icent effects as applied to life and me, than the effect of this congovernment. turns to the uses of "Effective Govtact of young Christians of ortho-

"Effective Government"is man's ernment,"it abandons its field of dox Churches with modern college government and ultimately rests religion, confesses its own weaklife. He really desired to include

upon force, compulsion, fines, imness, and its lack of faith in the within this "challenge"he sees in prisonment, death itself; it rests power of truth to stand upon its this Atlantic Monthly article, to

ultimately upon bayonets. This own merits and win its way. Such the Church of which I am a memgovernment is human and wholly a course is a confession of weakber and asks to know the status of

human, and represents the power ness in "Moral Government,"and the Church of the New Dispensaby which human decrees ostensibly this, whether done by direct means tion in relation to this contact with work for the good of society; but or indirect, (for in such matters as modern knowledge as taught in the

it proceeds along the line of enthese any change, by the nature of colleges and universities. It may

forcement with penalties affixed to the principle, that may not be made well be so, for this Church of the the laws that command certain directly, is equally and morally New Dispensation has a different things and forbid others: penalties prevented from being done indioutlook upon religious and scien262 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

tific knowledge than orthodox sciousness of access to God's volume turies, enforcing the acceptance of

Christendom has. of truth! Embarrassing limitations the old geocentric theory of the

To begin with the New Dispenmust be very far removed from structure of the universe, or the sation Church has not bound itself them; and by the application of limited time of duration for the

to limits inconveniently narrow by this principle to the Church of the existence of the world.

denying revelation. She necessarNew Dispensation in its contact On the contrary the Church of

ily started with revelation to bring with the unfolding knowledge of the New Dispensation is free to forth her initial truth, and has man's discoveries of truth in the accept the discovered truth of consistently continued to claim universe land in life, as taught in science; indeed, through her princontinuous revelation for a perpetthe curriculums and textbooks of ciple of believing in the harmony

uation.of it. Her faith in respect colleges and universities, setting of all truth and in all that God

to this is thus stated: forth really established truth is has revealed, all that is now being

"We believe the Bible to be the word no occasion for alarm; because, revealed, and believing that he will

of God so far as it is translated correctly. as already pointed out, truth yet reveal many and important

believe also the to of Book We Mormon (of disrevealed or whether God his pertaining things to kingdom all the be believe that of God. word We covered of research man, must by feel secure truth, of from we may all revealed, rethat has does God he now

the conception be harmonious; and veal, the conflict unseemly such with will that reveal yet and we believe he

many great and important things pertainof truth, brought to this status, discoveries that men have by reing to the kingdom of God."must be the sum of all excellence search made. Indeed, examination

the ultimate attainment of and revealed the of the to knowleage stated so This was in 1842, and perfection; which, nothing than Dispensation of the Church New it is still faith. a our This makes desired. can be more refact disclose will that the God very distinction important between is it this that remembered When the concerning vealed knowledge the of the DispensaChurch New is doctrine in the fundamental structure extent, the glory of and

ithe tion socalled and orthodox the of Dispensation, Church New that universe, anticipated the modof Churches Christendom. modern it that be apparent such must no least science discoveries at ern of by

is Here limit no naileddown of exists that as impasse decoupling years, that instead so hundred one is silenced, is Deity God: not He fective Christianity orthodox with rear of in the the being of Church spiritual unfolding truth truths or this faith destruction of contact by (discoveries,tespecting the man's

it; related its necessary or to to the scienceknowledge with the of is universe, in she advance them. of being properly understood. Here schools; for the the of Church New the of DispensaChurch The New is for the right application of room is the limited Dispensation not to also tion will preserve her conthat old Christian doctrine: famous imperfection of the Churches or fidence in Government,""Moral

"If lack of any you wisdom, let him incomplete revelations of past cenin the of truth her to hold power 'all ask of to giveth libGod, who men sv/ay convincing, imby her own erally it not, upbraideth and shall and be given him; but let him ask in faith pelling power.

nothing wavering, for that he wavereth Frontispiece If it were is The true—as like sea, a of the wave driyen the with respecting claim to By Alice * * * Merrill Home posed tossed. wind and someher—thatare disthat Let not man Dispensation has Church the New think that shall he receive anything of of formerly MIDCLEY, JT7ALDO the (St. reliance departed her Jas. Lord."i:5-7).- from upon 'Utah, has of York, now who New revelation as trust her God, from

to the his passion paint a of mountains is access to "LJERE the source of for perpetuathe enlargement and is state, native introduced to advantage all knowledge and its attendin the Frontispiece for the March Era, tion of truth; if she has lost faith

ant wisdom, no limits fixed to the with his masterful "Granite Peaks."Midgin the power of her truth to meet

first ley's teacher, disMahonri Young, that be revealedknowledge if of over error; and triumph may she

the covered youth's talent, and on is isGod: Deity not silenced, he forsake reliance should God's upon to achievement. In the path Newset himYork,

to be considered and even sought at the Art Student's League he worked "Moral Government"for the adinfluence Henri, Robert with whose was;free for as to teveal ministration of her docChurch truth—all to indeof great him. was He moment astruth, are free to trines or discipline, then, men of course,

in possessed a quick discover it pendent outlook, and by endless research for it. If this mental grasp; he went directly to the botshe has written "Mene, mene,

doorway to truth is kept open there tom of things, and evolved his own philotekel"—"God hath numbered thy

is no likelihood of religious men sophy. He allows nothing to come bekingdom and finished it; thou art

being excluded from this divine directtween tohimnatureand tohispaintinspiration.his pictures.He goes weighed in the balance and foundsource of knowledge; with the In "Granite Peaks,"though he could wanting"—across her title as theProphet Daniel, who found his paint the very leaves on the trees, if he so Church of God, and she has become

way through faith to the source of desired, he uses a tempting mountain grove as powerless as orthodox Chrisknowledge by revelation from infill thea foreground,certain space,purelyand ascontentsa decorationhimselfto tianity. Or should she do these

God, one may say, as he exclaimed with a few brush strokes here so that you things in the future, the same rein ecstasy—"Blessed be the name will not be distracted from the "Granite sults would follow; but whatever

receive his almost Peaks"which whole forever ever: for aberrations wisher, andof God seize upon may

rise that of so painting, they his, are and in they might will not be permanent. and Theredom he powersolid be to grandeur rugged and comchangeth the times and the seasons. panions of the clouds. will be speedy recovery, and return

* * * He! revealeth the deep and This virile Utah painter was born a unto God who will fulfill his decle.an, tSch, painted modern, with andsecret things. crees respecting the of the knoweth He Church what is brilliant the color before painter's modern

in the darkness the light dwellDispensation the fulness and of scene. cult the appeared he New on Though

eth with him."often was abused for his free use of color, of times. It will never be deHow firm must be the foundait mattered nothing to him. stroyed, nor its work be given to

tion of those who have this conanother people.

Huaint Jueap Tear Qustoms By EVERETT SPRING

.WAY back in the way again and I'll give you leap as his estate may be large or small,

is aldays of JuliusA Caesar, about 45 year, the longest one in the lot."unless he can prove that he

years before our Savior was ready betrothed to another woman, born, a philosopher from Alexanin which case he may go free."

the future St.dria, after taking counsel with a TiEN

extent, this to Bridget, encouraged that decided after astronomers, years ofgroup many INOT husbandless her of thought own consist of years should similar in fourevery a there this law was ques- "the"condition popped and into there came days, thus received the King's and366 France, which

St. Patrick. tion to

is is that calendar toldthe story commonly what approval. The St. already taken Patrick had But year. leap as today advantage of took maidensknown numbers to so celibacy, he the of had vow

it. of for the old origin of custom The a heart with her patch up wounded

there Florence was and In Genoa to to not be and wooed woowomen ever kiss a silken gown. and And

effect sort this in during a of law is to a traced year leap backduring if refuses a a that since time man legend of St. Patrick. leapyear proposal he must pay the the days of Christopher Columbus,

As the old story goes, the good penalty of a kiss and a silken gown. and one of his biographers hints at

leap year, the time, during when shores the along was walkingman of course, quaint legend, This ladies he to him, proposed having Neaghof Lough after pure several the earmarks has of a myth "driven all the frogs from all the and simple, but it is recorded in escaped their wiles because he was betrothed. all varthe banishedbogs and several have already old books, and must during the early In England St. Bridget,mints,"he met when in several seriously countaken been

who, with tears and lamentations, tries. eighteenth century the men made

February, of the 29th merry on trouble that wasinformed him in a leapyear Scotland law had of liquor barrels climbing often on her of thebrewing among women enforced. actually was 1288 which the of to health the drink women aldistrict because not were they is translation of the English Here to propose expected they would to to marriage men. proposelowed edict curious the districts rural the In homely them.

ofstern, St. he Patrick but was is statute a that "It ordained and streets, as sighing the paraded menfered allowing to compromise by Blessed reign the of during Her is girls, passed the me, they "Woe desired privilege the ladies theythe as every year for Majesty known will to propose lady me."no

years. St. every sevenonce Then lady leapyear of every both maiden VIII, of the In days King Henry

St. herBridget threw around arms estate shall the have high and low jester, the court furnSomers, Will

toPatrick's begged neck and him likes, the she liberty to bespeak man the for ished King merriment by it four. in year onemake to take her refuse he to should and palace at the royal the having maids

"Ah, Bridget,"St. Patrick is said be his lawful wife he shall be fined propose to him in the presence of

to have replied, "squeeze me that in a sum of pounds, more or less, {Continued on page 300)

R. KEVINBURKE, notedDmigraine specialist,

glanced at the headlines of his evening paper paying little heed to any of them until the word "Migraine"caught his attention, as the Jearts word never failed to do.

"Humph!"he grunted, and This Is a story which carries a bit of educashook the paper as if trying to free

the ad of the hokum he suspected tional -possibility with it for after reading ity one is almost certain to go to a book or abefore reading it again—slowly,

speculatively doctor to find out what a ''migraine head''''"For sale Migraine head. Delivery at death. Mary Carroll, 147 actually is. And after that the meanPine Street, City."ing of the title becomes quite clear.

The doctor leaned back in his chair and squinted at the ceiling.

"I wonder now,"he pondered, "if that's a joke of some of the

a little limp, with and old briskly, of his beloved thought—helads. Still, some poor old woman"know."The old lady stepped out the doctor following slowly, this long gonegrandmother, now

time, who had suffered much with had to strangle the impulse the ache of her head, "might have to tiptoe, so dark and still heard that talk at the Dispensary was the place, like a tomb.

Hall, and—I'll see what's in it,"The cheery old lady had

he said characteristically, tearing no difficulty making her the ad out and slipping it into his way down the dark notebook. "Just for dear old corridor, but the docGranny's sake,"he said softly to tor coming along

himself, and sighed, for the little blindly, hailed old lady who had suffered all her with a glad ex lifetime with an aching head had clamation the been mighty dear to the orphan turn which lad. Her memory was mighty dear

to the famous migraine specialist.

"Sure, I don't want your head, my dear,"he said to the advertiser, "but, you may as well be using some of Granny's money, as the next one."IT didn't take long for the doctor to reach Mary Carroll's place of residence—one of those

dingy old rooming houses within ing the chair Miss Coleman profwalking distance of the downtown fered. "You don't mean she is a

business section. child?"

A tall thin old lady with twink- "Shh,"cautioned Miss Coleling eyes and a cheery voice—that's man. "She's in the next room

—saveall there thewasstampabout ofher hardnoticeable there."

ring, her. You're not doing this unyears—opened the door at his cruel "But may I see her? I must see

"Miss Carroll?"asked the docbrought him into the light of an known to her? How old is she?"

tor, gently. open door. He was impatient to "Now, young man, don't get

"No, I'm not Miss Carroll."the see the little old lady of the miexcited,"Miss Coleman grinned at

hearty voice rang out as if it had graine head. The cheerfulness of him much as Granny had done

no patience with those gentle tones his guide was bewildering under when he was very small. "If you'll

of the medic. "But, I suppose you the circumstances. sit down, I'll tell you all about

are Dr. Burke?"The doctor When the hall door was closed it—as quickly as I can. Patience

nodded and stepped inside, and the guide lost her cheerfulness sudis not one of your virtues I see;

when she had closed the outer door denly. but, thank God, you're not irshe spoke again. "Down the hall, "I'm Miss Coleman,"she said ritable. I can't abide irritable

this way, and mind you don't bark abruptly. "Miss Carroll has asked folks."

your shins on some of those useless me to talk to you for her. I'm

chairs they keep stuck around in worried to death about the child."Tf.HE doctor sat down

the dark corners. Why, I don't "Child!"said Dr. Burke, ignorin the chair that might have been

jM0w- (an oAche Too cooling wet cloth over the eyes, tense mouth, indicating the effort that was being made for control of tortured nerves—and bronze

—he hairstoodcurlinga secondin studyingtight ringletsthose

curls. "They'd be glorious in

the—hewind,whoandhadthe neversun,"hein thoughtall lis

thirtyfive years given a thought to a woman, other than to cure her of some ailment.

His silence threw the sick girl intO'a panic.

"Please, Doctor,"she pleaded, pressing the cool cloth close to aching eyes, and throbbing temples. "Colie will talk to you. I

can't."She drew a quivering

breath. Another minute and she'd

be in hysterics the doctor realized.

"All right,"he said, pleasantly.

"It is not necessary for you to be bothered with the arrangements.

But, I'm going to give you a powder, which you'll take—just to

please an old crotchety doctor, and go to sleep."He patted the hand

that pressed the cloth, and turning winked at Miss Coleman. "Give

Miss Carroll this, please, and then we'll get down to business. I'll

wait in your room."

When Miss Coleman joined him there after giving the sleeping potion he favored her with a very disapproving stare.

"A spoiled young lady,"he said, designed for a torture rack, so un- "and by you, no doubt. Not a

comfortable it was, and swinging bit of reason for that girl ito."be one leg over the other, grinned. wasting her life like that, not—

"Spill it,"he said, disrespectfully, "Don't talk like a simpleton.

interMiss Dr. Burke,"Coleman disrespect the very that won and a lot gesture to those that meant that "Is savagely. rupted him lady. old the heart twinkly of him. knew who office to able child do frail child. a been "She's always work—any see her. "I've her to got Tell

I able to of kind work work? child. she's a Twentysix, Am Yes, I'll you, arrangements with make held for Miss her?"Coleman and relatives. may, That has She no I see to her."but want twisted old hands poor by up two a misfortune. be or not may A sure, her, "It's but, and hard on

age, hard work. and rheumatism, alone, a good stenographer, and see said point,"Miss I can your

his chair out of came Dr. Burke is a write to her ambition though tell "I'll her."Coleman.

the a taking and two with bound it if istarted, you boo cheerfulness about no There was k—got in tight held old poor them hands smiled please."Miss Coleman at all returned. her she when ones. dependable his strong two she got to time the proudly. "Up in,"said, she "but make "Come

finish. indidn't get to "I You merriest, this cold, the she was it as as can, her easy for you

bravest child in the world, alplease."terrupted me. I mean to say that

though her life has been one headit will be iall your fault if she isn't given her chance."ache after another—worked to death, that's all. She read your N.ATURALLY, Dr. He released her hands and wrote

speech and got the notion of selling Burke was accustomed to sick peoout a check that made the twinkly her head. I tried to talk her out ple, but the wan face, with the old lady demur.

266 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

"Not that much, Doctor, dear. "All right, Colie,"she anthough, dear,"said Colie hesiShe wouldn't accept it."nounced cheerily. "We'll take the tantly.

"Now, Madam,"the doctor araffluent old doctor's money and Mary Carroll's eyes closed gued with affected severity, "it will have one grand fling. Did he quickly and she shrank as if from

be your little chore to make her stipulate how we should spend it?"a blow.

accept it. I leave that to you. You "No,"said Colie, "but he sug- "It's nothing terrible, Mary,"

have authority to make arrangegested the North Woods; and he Colie assured her, gathering her up

ments? Well. I want you to take in her arms. "He only asks that

write theher to a letter every you week. up him North Woods—I'll

all directionswrite Patient for you, and out brightened. The

in no time you'll have a fine "That's the first thing about healthy young woman for the whole deal that sounds your pains."like business,"she said.

"All right,"Miss Cole "He's entitled to a report, man laughed. "You're of course."

the doctor. Here's The journey was hard

s o.m e note paper on the siick girl, but

Make everything she stood it like the plain, for I'm a brave girl that had—stupidaboutold womantraveltoiledin spiteonofandhandion

mg. caps. Everything

had been proto vided make SHORT A for easy things aftertime Miss

Coleman went the two womato the'door en—even to

with her calcot all made ler, and as she up, with the made her way covers turned back through back, on the the dark hall screened - i n she grinned as porch of the if she rather log lodge.

relished the The patient round she was was tucked in m for. The by her exuberpatient was ant nurse, and it

sleeping peacewas hours befully. But the fore she awoke.

next morning The sun had the battle waged worked itself furiously for a around to the west time. where it could look

1 en thousand in under the cedar dollars!"cried the shingles, and smile on

patient, "That isn't the sleeping girl. The

business. It's ridicu baby white caps on the

lous."* lake were waving boisterFinally Colie played her ously, trying to call the

trump. sleeper out for a swim, but

"I'd spare you if I could, their gurgling laughter succeeddarling,"she sniffed, "but I can't ed only in mingling with her do a day's sewing any more with dreams; the magnificent birches,

my half blind eyes and poor cripon guard to see that the warmpled hands. I'd work for the two hearted old sun did not overdo its

anof us, you know that—if I could."welcome, leaned one toward

Mary Carroll was outwitted. other, whispering pityingly, then

forth, and back that back and MissShe swung knew interto "/ didn't finish. get You screens the herself, through of wafting thinkingnot it forth, I that to say me. mean Colemanbut—shewas rupted

lay very quiet for a time while Miss will be all your fault if she isnt given the fragrance of the woods. Saucy

Coleman prepared her breakfast. her chance.'red squirrels perched high in the

Pride? Why should she worry branches of the mighty trees, scoldabout silly pride for the short time asked me to phone him this morned about the deadly work of civilishe had to live, when she could give ing if you'd go there."zation as evidenced by the pale face

this valiant old lady comforts that "North Woods?"said the paon the pillow.

she had never known for the rest tient, thoughtfully. Mary opened her eyes and lay

of her years. "He did make one stipulation. (Contniued on page 315)

helpless, sick or unfortunate, and protects its aged. In no other group

is there the same altruism, sympathy, and love, the same selfsac-h rifice. It is interesting to note that

in no other place do human beings flourish as they do in the family.

It has been demonstrated by child placing agencies that children who eC family are brought up in public institutions do not thrive as do those brought up in the family, and by clinics that child guidance maladare in individuals often By AMY BROWN LYMAN justments the result of the lack of home influence. Even the average foster

"T'o hatterda'Samt -parents gefierally the most imhome is considered better than the best institution. The strongest

portant thing in lije aside fromthe gospel itself is their thing in life is family affection and children and children's children'Mrs. Lyman declares in love.

imto the biological only Second this article and in this same article says ''Strange as it may is its social the family portance of seemly the family has been taken so much for granted that it significance which is two fold. It

is the last of the social institutions to receive its proper share is, first, a socializing agency, shapof attention * * *."Here she has laid plainly before us familying and developinglife generally;personalityand, andsecthe factors which fnake and break families. ondly, it is the chief medium for

transmitting culture and traditions from generation to generation.

of union union and the two mates THEcietybasic institutions of soship known to mankind. It is the "FamilySomeonelife hasis a schoolaptly forsaidsocialthat the family, today are izing and indirectly its members

offspring. of these mates with their state, the the the church, It is a society."for socializing

school, and the industrial order. It is the assumption of society that powerful influence in building the

Of these the family is by far the the husband and wife contemplate personality of the child which the lifelong for a companionship, fundamental. important and most is largely psychologists claim now of marriage has been permanency is these It of functions true the the result the of habit. In home

all peoples. civilized the ideal of interreclosely institutions are so first in lessons child gets his the

its habitation has family The own it is difficult lated separate to that religion, industry. government, and

life its or where go more on may definitely their or to judge of them relationships the here he Through less inprotected outside from is it relative generyet importance, learns the love of and meaning it fluences establish and where may is ally that the family conceded the selfsacrifice selfre- service; and

its attitudes standards. and own all social basis beginning of and straint; authority. obedience and

is Its the reproducfunction major order. learn of the family members The

life, tion care the of with and deto cooperate, to adjust anto one so thus being family imThe offspring, the of velopment and other, to to conditions, adjust and to soportant fundamental and social heritage. conservation the of

to rules standards the of it and home. ciety, that the naturally follows

most vital concern of society should HROUGH the family, as a The home environment thus plays be the conservation and promotion biological institution, comes a large part in the development or its restoration lack of development of its memof the family and physical reproducsurvival—the necessary. rehabilitation and where reproducbers. tion of life and thus the

And strange as it may seem the tion of society. And since the Language, ideas, ideals, beliefs,

family has been taken so much for main business of life is the carrying habits, and traditions are passed on granted that it is the last of the on of life this is its primary functhrough the family; so also are

social institutions to receive its tion. The reproduction of life, prejudices and superstitions.

proper share of attention and the however, comprehends not only consideration its great importance the bearing of children but also '"pHE primitive family was not justifies. their physical and mental preseronly a biological institution

It also follows that any agency vation and development, and their and a conserver of the social order which devotes itself effectively to adjustment to society. The family as it is today, but it was also in

family welfare and to the enrichinsures the proper physical care addition the educational, the rement of family life is making one during the prolonged and helpless ligious, and the economic unit of of the greatest and most important period of infancy and furnishes the social life. These latter functions

contributions to human society. best opportunity for further and have now, in the main, gone to

The family begins with marextended development of ofispring other social institutions. The

riage which is the joining together to maturity which covers a period school has separated from the fireof two personalities in the closest of years. The family also cares side and within itself has become

and most intimate social relationfor its members who are weak, a great social organization. While

268 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

it has taken over the formal eduThey admit that many of the social Social workers, generally, being cation of children it still recogevils today are the result of the constantly in touch with families nizes that within the home begins family's failure to function adehave, as a rule, come to believe very intellectual and moral developquately; that the family is certainly strongly in the permanency of the

ment. Religion which once conbeing greatly influenced by its enfamily institution; and while they

desisted of private ceremonials and vironment—by the changing admit families are not meeting

worship in the home has gone to world, and in its effort to adjust sired standards, they are constantly the church. The home, however, to its surroundings is meeting with marveling at the strength and

is not overlooked as a great factor stress and strain and is suffering power of family life today. One

and influence in resuch worker in comligion as well as in menting on this submorals and education. ject recently said, "No

The home is now subone knows better servient to the state than pocial workers in the matter of auhow hard it is genuthority. Industrial inely to modify a

activity has been family let alone do largely removed from away with it; if peothe home to the shop ple who are now so

and factory and mass alarmed or rejoiced production by great over the breakdown and powerful maof the family unit chinery is taking the would only try their place of individual hands at changing a hand work in the few families radically home. In early times they would be

the production of astounded at the diffood, clothing, utenficulties encountered."

sils, furniture, and Let anyone who the providing of thinks the family is shelter were all taken going to pieces try to care of in the home. A Mormon Family raised on wholesome Family Play, Family break up a family

The o 1 d economic Reunions, Fireplace iSjtory Hours, Backyard Bonfires, Feather- (for this is sometimes

Directed Parties, Hikes, Evenings, Neighborhood Home Home of in thesystem recommended simple this Socials, School Gatherings. family Church and When to Picnics, interest,of childrenbarter has changed Ithe heart its closely Angeles years moved into Los ago four of

the complicated exintegrated home life held it together amid the disturbing and where parents are imchange of the present disintegrating forces of bigcity life. moral or mentally

time. Walter won for himself and church high honors at the Uniunbalanced) and he

will find that it is alIn recent years the andversitytheofeditorshipSouthern ofCalifornia,the El Rodeo,being electedthe studentto Phiannual.Beta KappaLast

family has been the spring Dorothy won the scholarship prize at the Manual Arts High most humanly imsubject of much disSchool, an institution of more than 3,000 students. Selena was possible to carry out

cussion and criticism made director of one of the municipal recreation centers. Ruth any such a plan.

girland there seems to be College.won honorsBillyandtvasmembershipselected captainin scholarship,of the ManualclubsArtsat Competitivethe Junior A boy and

a confusion of ideas Gymnastic team, and Jimmy, the youngest boy, captained athletic were recently asked concerning it. Those and gymnastic teams at the James Foshay Junior High School and if they thought the

critics who represent was recently elected president of Phi Chi Omega, an organization family was any good.

the more radical obof Southern California boy "pioneers.'The boy said, "Well,

servers contend that I should say so; if

its maintenance is seriously threatdisturbances and sustaining losses; you get an "A"you want to take

ened; that there is much general and that stupendous effort should it home and show it."The girl

confusion, instability and ineffibe put forth to stabilize and consaid, "Well, but you don't get ciency in family life; that both serve it. But they have faith in its "A's"all the time; you sometimes

parents and children are away from vitality and permanency and feel get "E's,"and you want a home home too much; that social failures that people should not be stamto take them to."This indicates

of the home are apparent on every peded by criticism. They point that even with children there is

side; that divorce, desertion, sepaout that the family is not alone to a feeling that in success or failure

ration, adult and juvenile delinblame for the social lapses and evils the family is the one place to which quency are on the increase, indicatof the day, that the other social its members can freely bring their ing that the family is surely disininstitutions are also responsible. joys and successes, their sorrows,

tegrating, if not collapsing. And and failures. In the normal, well

some even ask "what good is the AJ'OR is the family alone the readjusted family there is a strong family anyway?"cipient of modern criticism gentendency to hang together no matOthers, speaking for the conerally; the school, the church, and ter what comes and even when the

servatives, (who are, by the way, industry are also criticized. Critics members become separated the tie

greatly in the majority) claim that go so far as to say that all human is not weakened. In unstable famthere is substantial evidence to institutions are threatened and that ilies, however, the bond is not

prove that the family is not under- a crisis in American civilization is secure.

going any fundamental change. at hand. All students and critics of the

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 269

family are agreed on two points: standards, and break up homes,

first, that the family is being resulting too often in divorce, sepagreatly affected by the striking ration, desertion, and delinquency, changes which are taking place in unless adjustments can be satismodern life and which multiply factorily and promptly made.

its problems; and secondly, that These are poverty, sickness and

the family should not be left to disease, both mental and physical, struggle and battle alone. death of breadwinner, crime, un-

A consideration of some of the employment, illegitimacy, prostichanges which have affected and tution, intemperance, and last but are affecting the family, and of not least, family tensions, both some of the problems which beset within and without the home, it will indicate something of what which become more severe as life the family has faced and is facing becomes more complex.

today. The changes in brief are:

(1) The separation from the AND what causes family tenfamily of other social institutions sions? Among the causes are

and later their encroachment upon lack of preparation for marriage;

it, (for example the separation, and lack of training for parenthood;

later the encroachment of induslack of ability on part of men to enof them try) make a living—many

tering before matrimony who,; The movement toward inAntY Broivn Lyman (2)

able never to marriage, were buy or of dividualism the emancipation is dering the going outcome what their clothing; housepoor own the the individual control of from

is to be. certain, It practically because keeping and homemaking the rfeally started group, which that however, has when woman girls been not and have women the been has with Reformation and as centuries of opporhad many trained to cook, sew, darn mend, in as time has growing momentum tunity as will she has had man let a patch, to alone and manage is It on. accepted generally gone find adjust place; her proper and children; care or house for poor that his individual every today has

worth, and his right to personality; (4) The Industrial Revolution vocational adjustment; struggle

all practically which removed desire to small inbetween income and or child man, that no woman, dustry where it had from the home installin spend, often resulting obliged to live solely to be should been from the beginning of time, ment buying and straight debts; serve the family; that family conand which gave economic indecramped quarters in apartments; trol is secondary to the rights of

pendence to women, was probably new life situations of parents and the individual. These ideas are in

a measure in conflict with tradithe most radical change the family children; change regarding parental

and society has encountered. And authority; difference between the tions and customs, and against any

form of restraint; the industrial conditions today generations; dull monotonous famproduction, with over and with ily life; misunderstanding betwn emancipation (3) The indicate everywhere of unemployment mates. has changed her whichwoman further drastic changes;position legally, politically, eduMisunderstanding between mates

cationally, and economically. For ( 5 ) Modification of the attitude is quite common, for marriage is

ages the father stood alone as head toward children in the direction of the most difiicult adjustment huof the family and the mother was freedom, equality, and opportunman beings make, and many home a "perpetual minor."She was, in ity. The three White House Conpartnerships are not willing to

fact, little more than a slave and ferences on child health and compromise and cannot or will not had to jsubmit to many things protection, and the establishment endure strain. The same patience

which the woman of today would of the Children's Bureau stand out and allowances are needed with not for a moment endure. The as the factors which have contribhuman machines as are generously

modern conception is that of a uted most to the gains for children extended to machines of iron and headship more in the form of a in the United States and even in steel. The man who will wait

council with two heads, father and the world at large. patiently 1 5 minutes or a half hour

mother. The new status of womOther changes are: (6) New for his car to warm up is often the

an, by the her freefreedom generally; (7) enforced acme of impatience if he has to way,—giving was very trying leisure; (8) new and cheap methwait five minutes for his wife.dom and equality

on man. He had not been worods of transportation; (9) moving Probably the most frequent causes

ried when she took time from the pictures; (10) complexity of civof serious misunderstanding becare of her children to work in the ilization; (11) high standards of tween man and wife are differences

fields, or to do menial labor in her living, especially in the United of religion, nationality, or race;

own home or in the homes of States; (12) the depression and next to these are disparity of age,

others, but when she entered inother unfavorable results of the marriage and remarriage for. ecodustry and the professions and was World War. nomic reasons, and interference of

his competitor, his heart was In addition to these changes relatives.

wrung with grief lest she should which have affected the family Any program for the conservaneglect her children and family there are the old everpresent social tion of the family should be based duties. And indeed the pendulum problems and evils which tend to upon an understanding of its place

has now swung so far that many, strain individuals to the breaking and functions, its relationship to even women themselves, are wonpoint, tear down family ideals and (Continued on page 290)

I thought his worthiness gallantly to be free. shown "of hisJUSTcenteracrossof a thelevelboundarywindsweptlineplateau,of Utahwhichin theis "But I looked upon the foaming Palmetto, who had so the ridge he had reached seven mile run before

skirted by blue mountains, and crossed only by a low ridge, covered with cedars, lies Pipe Springs, like an oasis in the desert. V AR across the plain, on a distant mounHere the brave, hardy and foolhardy rangers make tain, the sun cast his last glance over the distant ranges,

their camp, corral tough ponies, and twice each year, as if to see if all were well. Just as he reluctantly

gather great herds of range cattle from the plateau sank, leaving the west aglow with his splendor, the and the mountains beyond it. In the summer when boys came riding into camp. Scarcely had they thrown

satthe sun is hot, and the wind is dry with dust, when off their saddles, before Pete called "chuck."We

the lakes in the mountains are dry, and the tiny by the fire and ate as only people can who enjoy springs evaporate before they reach the troughs, the perfect health, and have faced the fresh wind on wild mustangs steal in, gorge themselves with cool horseback all day.

water, and again seek their home in the mountains. "Well, Kid,"said Clyde Roper, called "Cly"by

The wind had blown clouds of dust before it since the fellows and girls in town, and Roper by the morning, and the sandy slopes were covered with little rangers, "you missed it by not coming with us today."

reefs, like ripples on the sea. In the evening the I asked what the day had done for them, but, at

breeze had died away. I lay against my saddle, that moment Cly's attention was attracted, since Pete

watching the cook at his work, and idly digging a had just removed the lid from the bakeoven, so Don hole in the ground with my spur. Glancing to the Ricker, the oldest of us, was left to supply the detail.

west, I saw three men riding toward camp. But Don simply said, "O, we saw Palmetto and

"Hurry up, Pete,"I said, "here come the boys, and his bunch."

they'll be as hungry and tired as their horses."Harvey, a half breed, and a skilful horseman, said

Palmetto was a showy claybank horsey flowing silver mane and tail king of the wild bands—T)an By McQuarrie was just a boy—a kid—out riding the

Daniel S. rangeWhileforthe sporttears withwere stillCly andmistyDonin hisandeyesthe andothers.the

lum.f was in his throat he wrote this classic of the McQuarrie hard riders.

"Wild as him; poor old Kitchen, he loved those mares; shipped

them from the East."

Harvey broke in, "He 'lowed he'd raise a band uv beauties with them bay mares."

Clyde continued, "He rode a sheepskin for two years to save money enough to buy 'em, but he won't ketch 'em on a sheepskin. I wonder where they water; his is the only band that ain't

been in this summer. They've had a lake but it's done."

Don seemed to be wise on every subject. "They looked

dry."

/VFTER supper, I braided a quirt, and Harvey and

Cly told me more of Palmetto. Don, however, brooded over

the dying coals. I was sure the picture he studied there was the

yellow mustang leading his band. At length he spoke; all

listened; "They'll be in tomorrow. The kid and me'll go

out on the ridge. You boys stay here at Pipe, and keep your

horses fresh. When they get all the water they'll drink, all you

have to do is sit on your horses, keep behind the bunch, and spur. After

they've run seven miles in front of your ponies, which are pretty good, if you spur—", >

/-f'jWUBKKfS'''%* water"Notfroma better.thesehorsespringsever drankthan MIHES

"Even the yaller himself 11 have to do his best to keep a rope's length ahead of Pedro,"continued Don, disdaining Cly's remark.

I was sorry that I had not been with them.

Palmetto was the best known horse on the ranges. For two years

I had heard the boys talk of him. They

spoke of his long,

"Don sat silent and thoughtful, as usual, turning his hat round and round in his hands."

"I'd swap a corral full of yearlings to get within a golden mane and tail, of his fine head and long rope's length of that horse."neck, and especially of his wonderful endurance

I asked if the "Bar X"mares were with him. Cly and speed. Consequently, as I kicked oJfF my

smiled over his tin plate for an answer, and said, boots and lay down by the fire, my last thoughts were 272 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

of Palmetto and tomorrow's run. his hand on his horse's neck. Look- a mile below us, their kingly leader

* * * * ing at Jimmy, he said, "That's the stopped. Instantly his followers

About noon, Don and I saddled horse the boss give you when you threw their heads into the air and and set out for Cedar Ridge, which won the Johnson stakes a couple stood stark still.

crosses the desert seven miles west of seasons ago, ain't he?"I I had never imagined that Palof Pipe Springs. I was proud as a nodded. "You was only twelve metto was so beautiful. His tail

peacock, and sat easily in my sadthen. You're taller now, but little touched the (ground. His long

dle, thinking the chink, chink, heavier."mane quivered against his knees.

chink of my spurs, as they kept "Don't you wish you were my He threw his proud head above all time with the sensible horse's even weight for today?"I asked. He the rest and snorted loud. But we

pace, the sweetest musiic on earth. pointed toward Pipe. were well concealed. Then he

I wondered why I had been chosen "After that yaller's been run whinnied. But our horses knewto run the last lap with Don. I across that stretch—well, we'll better than to answer; besides, our

knew, even though he were quiet see,"he continued. fingers clutched tight their nostrils.

and cynical, that his heart was set Again he began his march, testing on Palmetto; and that today he Suddenly we rivevery step, but when he gained the

meant to capture him. When we eted our eyes on the mouth of a other (Side of the ridge, he "lined

reached the ridge it was one o'clock. canyon which opened into a plain, out"on a long, steady trot. The

We dismounted and sat on a rock about ten miles to the southwest. pretty little white footed bay mare,

under a cedar. Don sat silent and Far up we saw a cloud of dust with her little ears set back on her

thoughtful, as usual, turning his moving toward us, and we knew black mane, and her slim neck hat round and round in his hands. that a band of horses trotted bethrust forward, stole along beneath

I looked from my tall bay, Jimneath it. Nearer, nearer, it came. him. On the other side trotted

my, to his brown Mexican Pedro, Finally, as the horses came in view, a sturdy black. Then came the

with a browner line down his Don observed: three mares, and so on down, each

back, always a sign of toughness "That's them. I see the white horse having its rank. Our eyes

and endurance. Shortly Don legs of the little mare. I never saw followed the dust as it moved on

looked up at my horse. "That's a the yaller when she wasn't by bis towards the springs.

horse to be proud of,"he said, side."Don was sure that we were

"but he wouldn't do for me. I Soon I was able to distinguish scented, and that Palmetto would

need a horse that'll carry a large the noble stallion himself, like a lead them south when he returned, man for weeks and hunt his fodder prince, leading his band across the so we mounted and rode on half a at night, with his hobbles on, like dusty desert. When they came to mile below the trail. We disold Peed;"and he arose and placed the base of the ridge, a quarter of (Continued on page 293)

"A quarter of a mile helovo us, their kingly leader stopped. Instantly his followers

threw their heads into the air and stood stark still."

\jfangs and (qoils By GEORGE BERGSTROM

What happens when a King Snake and a Rattler meet?

The Rattlesis poisonous the Kitig is not. In this story by

a Scouter from Calijornia you will find the answer. By the

way, the King S?iake is found in Zion National Park, but is

rarely if ever seen farther north.

nearly an hour a hunChief held for up his hand "What is it Donald?"asked the HEFORdred youngsters happy had Chief. quiet instinctively and the enbeen singing camp songs "While we were in the Hills tire group edged closer to the now

with more or less harmony and today we saw the prettiest snake. dying embers, and gazed with satlaughed until the tears ran down It was black, red, and yellow, and isfaction on their purple and violet

their cheeks at the comical campsome of the boys wanted to kill it depths.

fire stunts, and now as the glowing they said it was a poisonous adder; The Chief began:

embers burned low, their flickering is that true?"Several years ago I was in

flames dancing and lighting each "No, Don, it was undoubtedly charge of a large group of boys on countenance, the youngsters drew a Scarlet King Snake, as we have Alder Creek, in the Greenhorn closer together and settled down no Coral Snakes in these CaliforMountains, and late one afternoon for the dessert of the day's pronia mountains. It was a very Stan Bundy and Vic Harrison were

gram; the thrill of campfire, the valuable and harmless variety, in standing on a rustic bridge we had

Chief's story. constructed fact over they the turbulent pets, make good and

stream and talking enthusiastically allow golden moon was just A large to if anyone handle them thrusting its upper rim over the you don't touch the head, where over the prospective trek to Sunday adjacent mountain peaks, casting they are very sensitive."Peak, scheduled for the following

its creamy rays over the beautiful "I heard they killed rattlethree days.

forest of giant conifers and alders, snakes,"piped up another young- A slight movement at the base clothing them in some magic ster. of a large alder attracted their atethereal light that seems to project tention, their and imagine surprise

is I "Yes, true. that saw sucha spell over those its caught in they a black, when red, saw and a fight one in time the Greenhornenvirons. yellow snake emerging a hole from just Mountains below Sunday Chief his taken usual The had the near ragged roots of the alder

It real Peak. a fight, too."was |theplace circle, within small but presently a tree and slim, long,

before he had a chance to begin his "Oh! Tell us the story,"came shining body was crawling sinustory, a hand in the outer circle from a halfdozen lusty voices all ously toward a patch of sunlight

went up and a lad made a sign that talking at the same time, "Please in the open glade, a short distance he wanted to speak. do,"they chorused. away.

274 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

He was a beautiful specimen, squeeze its elongated body unnecestO'death, then swallow it whole.

they noticed, nearly three and a sarily. We soon had some twentyhalf feet in length and about two five or thirty boys around us, all "TEAR the end of camping season

inches in diameter. His beautiful eager for information, asking all some of the boys noticed

scalelike body was encircled with kinds of questions about the snake, "Dardanella"making his way transverse bands of red, yellow and its habits, likes and dislikes, most across the fiat arid parade ground, black, each band nearly three quarof which we were able to answer. choosing a route that blended harters of an inch wide, and arranged After holding the beautiful creamoniously with his own variegated

alternately for the entire length of ture in my hand for a half hour or colors.

the body. His black snapping more he became docile and content He proceeded a couple of huneyes, black snout and fairly distinct to crawl inside my shirt, and wrap dred yards in this fashion when he

head with a band of white broadhimself around my waist, where he reached a small plateau, his favorite ening out toward the temples, seemed to enjoy the warmth of my feeding ground. This knoll was

seemed to offset his lithe symmetricbody. That night we put him in honeycombed with the burrows of

al form. He was a Scarlet King a screened box, making his stay scores of gophers and squirrels who

Snake and one of the most colorful with us as pleasant as possible. at this time of the year were nice

reptiles that preyed continually on After two days of captivity with and fat. Here he became motionall small rodents. nearly every boy in camp lighting less for a time, his body well conBoth Stan and Vic kept quiet, for the honor of handling the cealed, his tongue darting in and

watching the beautiful shimmering snake, we decided to give him a out. His head was slightly raised,

body in the sunlight, wondering name, then allow it to go free. his neck arched and his eyes glitwhere its mate was if he had one. A contest was held of which the tering. When he again glided forth

Other questions also arose in their snake was entirely ignorant. More it was more sinuously, more alertly,

minds, such as: Was he dangerthan a hundred names were sugand more warily than ever. We

ous? What did he eat? What gested, and finally "Dardanella"followed slowly.

was the little forked tongue for? was chosen, and with great hurSuddenly, almost from under

How did it hear without external rahs, the reptile was brought forour very feet came a sibilant hiss, ears? Just at this time I chanced ward, and with much pomp and a whirr, an ominous warning of a

to step upon the bridge, having formal ceremony was duly chrishuge rattlesnake that lay concealed approached without their knowltened and given his freedom. He nearby. It froze the blood in our

edge. was put near the spot he was first veins and caused our nerves to

They immediately motioned for found, and immediately crawled creep. Burr! Burr! Burr! r-r-r-

me to be quiet, and as I joined under the roots of the alder tree r-r-r-r.

them the King Snake started to and disappeared. We became motionless but exglide slowly and smoothly for a The following day he appeared cited, our eyes searching everywhere

patch of trampled down willows, again. In fact he never left the for the poisonous reptile, and for

not very far away, evidently sensnear vicinity, but stayed in that a weapon to destroy it with.

ing some danger. locality all summer. Many times "Dardanella"had also stopped,

we had the opportunity to watch wary and alert. We moved care-

I/'NOWING the tendency of this him stalk and eat his food. It was fully in the direction of the sound.

species to accustom themselves a never ending source of pleasure Burr—r-r-r-r-r-r-r, sang the vito humans after being in captivity to see him grab a squirrel or picket brating rattles, a warning to befor some time, I immediately pin by the nose, wrap his coils ware, to watch our step. Then

started in pursuit and with the help around it, and squeeze the rodent we saw the hideous reptile. It

of the two boys finally caught the was a huge Western Diamondfast moving reptile, being careful A King Snake swallowing a Backed Rattlesnake, more than four not to touch its sensitive head or Blue Racer. (Continued on page 318)

Mercur—before the fire. Picture furnished by the Sacramento Gold and Quicksilver Mining Company.

By S. BENNIONzy\iiercur KENNETH

Ghost Town of the Oquirrhs a strange experience to stand alone in the heart The camp had its first real beginning back in 1870,

IT'Sof a deserted city, a city that only yesterday when L. Greeley, found "color"in the bottom of his

boasted three thousand inhabitants. There is a pan. Other discoveries were made, and by 1880

feeling of tragedy, of pathos, that cannot be shaken there was a thriving town, called Lcwiston, with ofi. And there is a vague sense of fear, too; surely a fifteen hundred inhabitants. Most of the ore was

spot that has so suddenly been abandoned by everyvery low grade, but occasionally pockets were found one is no fit place to be in. Everything seems unreal, that assayed as high as $5000 to the ton. Finally,

contrary to the ways of men. One day a thriving, however, no more discoveries were made and the town

noisy city, busy with the affairs was deserted, only one house the next day, silent,of life; remaining. and one man copper, lead have As silver, and

laterlonely,, abandoned. attempts were Many j It isn't so long ago that dropped m price, mining camp after made to find paying ore, but it

eighth grade geographies listed mining camp has felt the pinch of was not until a new milling

Mercur, in the Oquirrh Mounpoverty; drill after drill has ceased process was discovered, about

tains of central Utah, among to beat a tatoo upon the stone; and 1890, that the camp was rethe important mining camps of vived. The new name was

the West. In fact the town miner after miner has packed up Mercur, so called because of the

was once so large that it conand said a sorrowful goodbye to discovery of cinnabar, the ore tested the right of Tooele City home and prosperous times* Perfrom which quicksilver, or is extracted. Theto remain the county seat. A haps Brigham Young, the colonizer, mercury,

special election was called and new town quickly became the

Mercur, standing almost alone, could see the inevitable sorrow of most important gold camp in came within a very few votes of readjustments when pay dirt peters Utah, and it continued to winning the coveted position. out when he stood for agriculture. develop until it almost doubled

276 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

in population the old camp of in a young, obscure chemist mills and a few cottages along the

Lewiston. named D. C. Jackling, to sample outskirts of the town remained.

his ores. Mr. Jackling knew The great mining camp was a

npHE early history of Mercur is his testtubes, and did so well smoking bed of ashes.

filled with romantic tales of that he was sent with two or Evidently the farsighted ofdiscovery, of engineering achievethree other men to investigate some ficials had already seen faint handment, quick fortune, heartbreak- new lowgrade property, over the writing on the tunnel walls; for

ing failure, and all the joy and mountain to the north. That was the new buildings that sprang up

freedom, crime and tragedy of a Colonel Jackling's introduction to as if by magic were mere temfrontier boom town. Hundreds of Bingham. There was another porary structures. For a dozen

men drove deep into the mountains, young man living at Mercur at that years, however, the work continued bringing up the soft, red, lowtime who was also destined to be with scarcely a moment's slacking grade ore. At off, and the new

the great mills city quickly this ore was reached the limcrushed to powits of the old.

der, treated with In spite of the cyanide, and the disastrous fire, almost infinitesMercur continimal percentage ued to be a of gold was colgreat, booming lected. Power gold camp.

lines climbed The tiny perover the mouncentage of gold tains to run was enough to machinery, a meet all bills, to telephone line pay millions of connected the dollars in divicamp with the dends, and to outside world, keep the town's and every day a dozen saloons, little cogwheel- dance halls, and ed engine noisily gambling parlors open wide short its pushed

George ExGovernor to dawn. dark roaring and from Fairfield train from combination Secretary of H.War—atDern, neiclythe ranchsheepherders, Prospectors, the to miles up seven Junction 189798. left—aboutappointed the ers, burned horsethieves up and town. the to down and summit

the reach to desert roads long hung of smoke pillar a day By one Dern, H. heard nightfall. lights from—George bright by glow red a night hills, by the above citizens, best West's the of known first livery to the went travThey the and skyline; the lighted of Utah. Governor A great and lathering horses were stable, where caught desert, the on far eler, away are names prominent other many into for, plunged then cared and shining lights city the of glimpses early camp's the with linked also of "blessings the of the enjoyment walls. canyon narrow the between days. jail the wild civilization"with

of boys on a holiday.HOSE were the days when big velopmentMercur reachednearly thirtyits peakyearsof ago.deabandon

men and big fortunes were in Fine homes lined the sides of the "DUT the town was not all bad.

the making. Glen H. Bothwell came canyon, and the business section By no means! Many fine peoto the camp in 1894, just when it boasted brick buildings that would ple, in addition to those already

was beginning to develop. He bedo credit to any western city of tomentioned, lived there and have

came the first owner of the Sacraday. Department stores, saloons, since distinguished themselves in

rich particularly the hall, a mine were built with in city throughout other mento, communities jail,—all mill built the first quicksilver, and strength, permanence and a thriving to West. an eye There was

on the property. The mine is rebeauty. Then came Mercur's great church with a famous and picturported to have yielded returns catastrophe. The whole town esque choir, a populous school, and

amounting to more than $1,500,- caught fire. Buildings, crowded many little ihomes where the lights

000. Captain De LaMare, who together in the windswept, desert were out by half past nine.

had already made a fortune in the canyon, burst into flames like powThere was a doctor in Mercur mines of southern Utah, came to der. There were no firefighting who would go to the farthest

Mercur about the same time. He chemicals in those days, and the ranch, day or night, winter or sumacquired large holdings and built entire water supply had to be mer. One \winter night, for in-

a very large mill, having a capacity pumped from a distant canyon, stance, he was needed in a hurry;

of a thousand tons a day. His over a pass eight thousand feet high. a ranchman rode fifteen miles to a

property soon became consolidated There wasn't a chance. People telegraph office. The message was

with the Mercur Mines Company, rushed to the sides of the canyon relayed through half a dozen towns and production on a huge scale was and helplessly watched the whole and reached the doctor about one established. city swept away in a wild, roaring o'clock in the morning. There

Captain De LaMare brought mass of flame. Only some of the were no cars then, and deep snow

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 277

covered the roads. But long before on rusty hinges and boomed shut dreaming of those faroff days of

daybreak, the doctor was at the in empty buildings. Guy wires on glory.

patient's bedside, forty miles away! the smoke stacks moaned, and the For the second time, the great

Of course, he couldn't always mouth of a tunnel across the gully mining camp is gone, this time formake it through as required. Ocyawned awful, deep, and dark. ever—"Unless that new outfit cuts

casionally he arrived only in time The.horses were badly scared, the paydirt again!"

to help christen the baby, or to and so was my partner. As for

say what the patient died of. me, I rather enjoyed the whole 'T*HE above article was written a

conago, was and few months;we were safely out the old All that was in days, situation—after story. sidered to of the be the end of the canyon! booming. was the campwhen

Finally there came a time when the That was back in 1914. Now But Mercur is a ghost town that

lowgrade ore didn't yield enough the camp has literally disappeared. won't stay dead. Its history must

yellow metal to pay the bills. Too Houses, saloons, machinery, tools, be revised.

last since years the It's seventeen entries red. plateglass, in were mademany carrails—everything tunthe old of walked out mills shut the overnightAlmost worth hauling away and tons of miners

down. Mines were abandoned junk not worth touching have nels and went away to newer

and began to <ave in. The great been moved down the dugway and camps. It's more than a dozen

stacks, lifting high above the town, across the rough desert roads to years since the last buildings were showed ino smoke. Rumors kept distant towns and ranches. The hauled away, leaving only the red

the camp alive a few weeks longer, chapel became a twostory ranchdumps and the gaping tunnels as and then there was a silent, hurried house forty miles away. The evidence of man's activity. But

exodus. Golden Gate saloon.makes a very now, if one of the old travelers

The little mountain train was fine chicken coop. Its plateglass were to pass along the desert;road

packed [with furniture, bedding, windows are used to cover beds of at night, he would surely think and supplies. Trails leading to tomato and cabbage plants in the that the spirit of the town was

neighboring camps were lined with spring time. Smokestacks, cut into abroad; for he would see lights

oneway traffic. Then the whole sections, are used for grain bins and shining between the narrow walls

town was literally offered for sale, highway culverts. of the canyon. But they are real

at almost any price. One rancher lights, for Mercur, dead, abanbought eight miles pf railroad ties IV/fANY of the people who once doned, almost forgotten, is strugfor a song, and lost money on the called Mercur "home"have gling back to consciousness again.

deal. Most of the houses were cut since passed on to that range of New methods of extracting

into sections and hauled away on hills where it s said that gold is at values from lowgrade ores have hayracks, to faroff homesteads. the grassroots, and it never pinches cut the costs of production. The

out. Some of the surviving veterlong months of depression have

were iand I A NEIGHBOR and filled men's thoughts more are sent ans the miner's with hope turned 'organ to bring the chairs and metals more toward two of the that day will "come some the camp from the church. We had a most back."Theyipick up and nurture that have not decreased in value

remarkable day. The long canyon every rumor about a new process gold and quicksilver.

dugway was already needing reor about a new company that is Of course the new camp, so far, pairs. Rocks were rolling down going to prospect with a diamond is only an interesting prospect; but

from the hill above, and the bank drill. In the meantime, scarcely a the men on the ground say that

was giving 'way below. 'The camp trace of /the old town remains. there will be a new Mercur, a rival

itself presented an uncanny, tragic Summer cloudbursts have torn of the old one. Once more a city

picture. There were the homes, down the terraces where houses will rise up in the canyon at the

the streets, the mills and the mines, stood on the sidehills, and the foot of Lewiston Peak. Water

just as they had been for many whole townsite is buried under a will again be pumped over the long years. Doors stood open, curdense growth of sagebrush and 8000foot pass at the head of

tains fluttered in the windows and choke cherries. Only the great red Ophir Canyon, smoke fwill hang

a baby's shirt swung from a dumps remain, overlooking the above the pinion covered hills, and clothesline. But not a soul moved spot were Mercur once stood, and tramcars will bring out the red

on the long streets; not a wisp of ore from the depth in those old

smoke rose from any house; and hills.

the stores and gambling halls were Maybe it's only another miner's as empty and silent as the huge Low Roofs dream, but oldtimers just smile dark mills on the side of the mounBy Florence Hartman Totvnsend and say, "Shore she's a-comin'tains. back! Ain't I been a-tellin'you

best arc I roofs for as such T OW that those old say Some people so, all these years?"

the shy companion would with Who abandoned mining camps birds, faint are -*-Fleet tread staccato whose the \/fR. one of BOTHWELL, that haunted, I more and day on patterns dainty overhead. Makes

than half believed it, as we loaded big men of Mercur's palmy sharp, majestic sweep winds high days, seventies, in his early chairs in The is now 'from church an echoing

I roof, scorn but humble And my he doesn't though look it by the heart of that ghost town. The little to that pause croon winds Know

sun was down by midafternoon, About the eaves each afternoon. twenty years. He is unsuccessful

interest in recent in hiding a keen cool a springing wind, and a roof, a roof than lowhung; up More lounges in back the He pines pinion below us, among rain has sung; developments. white board where A sound

swept up the canyon. It flapped A wind harp for each straying breeze his comfortable ofiicechair and

the canvas awnings and banged My lone heart sings to tunes like these. says, "Oh, I think it'll be quite a

the loose tin roofs. Doors creaked (Continued on page 294)

(Century of TrOur Chicagos Exposition is growing strange and very unusual structures to show the advances made by and in Science and Industry.

By DAVID KINLEY, Ph.D.

President Emeritus, University of Illinois

you remember "away differs from previous fairs. Other

the of fairs have been what men were no when"thereDOback call static. will science one This electric automobiles, n o

lights, no telephones, no electric be dynamic. That is to say, it will

is intention progress. show Thetramways, no airplanes—when disinteresting not merely to makebuildings were entirely of made

wood or brick or stone, warmed plays, but so to construct and arwith stoves that burned wood or range these displays as to make coal, and lighted with gas or kerothem tell the story of scientific prosene lamps? That is not so very gress and improvement in industry

long ago. Yet all the changes that and conditions of living based on

have come in these matters are that progress for the last one huneasily within the memory of mildred years. Photo—U. V. Wilco'x and Associates.

lions now living. The arrangement of the land-

"Few of us, however, think of scape, the arrangement and style of Strange and Unusual the contrast between then and now. the buildings, their coloring and

Still fewer realize the vastness and the vast scheme of color effects Buildings electric lighting through it is a the change time to in our look around that have come will proDUT duce in of onlookers the minds living "because conditions inof the bit learn about something and troduction of these and other inthe impression of the great drama the buildings already up. There

ventions and discoveries. It is only of the life of a mighty city, a has been little new in architecture

a generation or two ago that inmighty people, and indeed of the since the Parthenon, the Forum dustry and trade were carried on world. and the Gothic cathedrals were

as they had been for one hundred Exhibits of scientific processes raised to look upon the sun which years; that the world was content and apparatus will be the central began at once their slow destruction

to let every city have its slums and and basic part of the exposition. into the ruins that excite our wonto think that the visitation of But the progress of the century cander today. The architecture of the

disease was an act of God. Sanitanot be told by mere scientific facts exposition will lay emphasis on

tion, a good water supply, the alone. Many, if not all, of these adaptability of the buildings to

maintenance of health, rational discoveries would have remained their prospective uses and on new conduct in eating and living were matters of scientific or philosophmaterials and methods of construclargely matters of chance. Today, ical interest only if those engaged tion developed within the last one

thanks to scientific and technical in industry had not transformed hundred years.

progress, we have changed all that them into railroads, steamships, Buildings will have two or three and have become, perhaps, overairplanes, automobiles, telegraphs, floors. Ramps will make transit

careful about some of these things. power plants, modern machinery from lone story to another easy.

To show the tremendous adof all kinds and other useful things. The outlook from every building

vance that has come in all these Therefore, the application of scienwill be a scene of beauty. In the

matters is the main purpose of Chitific discoveries will be found in daytime the rippling blue water of cago's exposition entitled "A Centhe industrial exhibits. Lake Michigan will be a backtury of Progress,"to open in This exposition is the first in ground for the exhibition of the

June, 1933, the occasion being the which the ground on which its genius of architects and landscapers, celebration of Chicago's centenary. buildings rest will be new ground. and in the evenings the effect will

The land has been recovered from be increased by the beautiful disMore Than a Fair Lake Michigan and added to Chiplay of coloring by electric lightcago's shore. The walks and drives ing. The buildings will be floodNOTHER world's fair? But will largely be on earth that was lighted with colors similar to those

it is more than a fair, and it once under water. of the buildings themselves, and

ogress in industry

The Electrical Group of Buildings. here and there some lighter blue. The main facade of the Administrasemi-circular building at right tion Building, Chicago's Century The of of been lagoon has made by the A is the Electrical 'group Building; cenbuilding side Progress. the On this

city the improvements among is It stories at ter. of is exBuilding; high. three Communications completed

treme left the Radio Building. the lake shore, and on its west side as shown,

is located the Hall of Science. Here

pillars of light will be projected in visitors will find experiments and like a suspension bridge, and it is the recessed portions of the buildexplanations of the basic sciences said that the method has been used ings, forming striking contrasts illustrated. There will be shown here for the first time in a great

with the projecting portions. It the discoveries and inventions on building. The dome itself is 125

will be a dream of beauty. which progress in the industries feet high and 200 feet across and

It can be said that the electrical and arts of life have rested during encloses the largest unobstructed group will probably be one of the the century that is just closing. space ever enclosed under one roof.

most fascinating buildings on the Here the progress of transportation grounds. The amazing discoveries Building Resembling Great will be shown. The leading railits electricity application in and Gas Tank equipmentroads, manufacturersand others haveof railroadalready will here. one of the As be shown

staff remarked, "The electrical A QUEER looking structure to begun to install their exhibits.

group will be a scintillating crethe south, part of which reIn another section of the buildation in white and yellow and red, minds one of the gas tanks that we ing will be shown a great steamsec- accented in gold and blue and see on the outskirts of every large ship—some "ocean liner"—in

silver."city, is the Travel and Transport tions, to be contrasted with the

But now let us begin our visit. Building. It is unique. Cubist, simpler and smaller models of other

This is the Administration Buildfuturistic, are words that have been days.

ing in the shape of a letter "E,"applied to it by many people; but If you are a bit dazed with the

with twin courts facing Lake Mich- a little study shows that it has bizarre structures that you have igan. This is the only building beauty as well as novelty. Here already seen, it will be restful to

which will have windows. Why the architects have emphasized the turn to the model of old Fort Dearany longer erect buildings with principles of adaption to purpose. born. Fort Dearborn, you know,

windows to let in dirt and smoke The building is about a thouwas the fort whose garrison, in and drafts, when with artificial sand feet long. The gas tank part, 1812, was massacred by the Inlighting and ventilation we can or tower, has for its roof a dome dians. These buildings are an

secure all the comforts necessary? suspended by cable run over the exact reproduction, showing block

The wings are in dark blue, the top of the wall and fixed to the houses, and soldier's barracks, of central portion is in white orground outside. That is to say, what was called "Third Fort Dearnamented with aluminum, with the dome is suspended by cables born."

280 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

Here you will find guards in the And for the most part they did. National Kindergarten Association

military costume of 1804, and Content to accept the dicta of their National Motion Picture League every afternoon you will be met overlords, the women entered their National Women's Christian Temby a Pottawattomie Indian in his jams and jellies, pickles and preperance Union native costume. He has proved a serves, comforters and patchwork Osteopathic Women's National

great attraction. Already, more quilts as mute testimonials that the Association

than 150.000 people have visited distractions of club life did not inService Star Legion

this "Fort Dearborn."capacitate them for housewifely Supreme Forest Woodmen's Circle

If our eyes are not sufficiently efficiency. Women's International League for

rested, let us look at what is called What a contrast between the fair Peace and Freedom the General Exhibits Building. of 1893 and the fair of 1933, Woman's National Farm and GarThis will be a series of pavilions, when modern inventions have freed den Association.

each housing a separate branch of women from much of their houseAlso, Hadassah, United Order of industry. It will face the lagoon hold drudgery! No pickles and True Sisters, National Woman's

on one side. The general plan of preserves are on display nowadays. Party and Women's Aeronautcolor effects will predominate, and Instead, the exhibit of the National ical Association.

at night flood lights will bathe the Council of Women in the Hall of group in constantly changing colSocial Sciences, in which 3 1 of the But the exhibit in the Hall of ors. most influential women's organiSocial Sciences will not constitute

Then there will be the State zations in the country will particiwomen's only contribution to a

Buildings, and those of the United pate, will indicate the wide range Century of Progress. An InterStates and those of foreign governof beneficial activities in which the national Congress of Women, also

the auspices National of the under woman halls to modern are devotedments. There indulges—activwill 1622 Council, be held July reach out into every ities whichagriculture to and what may be

called the sciences of man, of archephase of community, state and at the Palmer House. There womology and other similar subjects. national life. en will again acknowledge their

There will be too, buildings erected Women will be depicted here as share of responsibility for world by great corporations having to do housekeepers and homemakers on conditions by diiscussing "Our inwith automobiles, power, and an heroic scale, concerned with Common Causes—Civilization,"

other matters affecting the life of every phase of community activity a series of conferences to which the individual. which has an ultimate bearing on women of the leading countries of

Despite the depression there is the welfare of the home: pure milk, the world will be invited. The

no halting of the work on this a sanitary water supply, adequate keynote address for this congress,

Century of Progress. As more parks and playgrounds, proper eduas already announced, will be "A

land is needed, the problem is easily cational facilities, a government New Ideal for Society."Experts

solved with a dredge and a fleet of that runs smoothly, efficiently and are planning the program. It will

sandbarges, for the lake is large without graft. be concerned with such fundashelter,and the sandbars extensive and free A picture of the cooperative efmental questions as food,

clothing, Broadly employment. all fort of organizathese women's all item into more comers—one speaking, resolve discussion will tions for staneducational higher the machine ofthe demonstration

toand its might which this curious dards, better modes of living, the about these questions: How

complex of architecture is rising abolition of unemployment, and a guarantee to every individual a to celebrate. score of social and economic adrninimum of security and how to

justments will be presented insure each individual maximum

Women's Part in the throughcompelling.a mediumAnd thesemodernare andthe opportunityThe captiousfor selfdevelopment.have sometimes

Century of Progress groups which will take part: called women's congresses talk fests.

But this will not be of that order.

XJATURALLY in a great enteryOUNG Ladies'Mutual ImThere will be general sessions, it prise like this, women will provement Association is true, with challenging addresses have a share. Perhaps the phase National Woman's Relief Society on topics related to the evolution of

of their participation which speaks American Homemakers Association a new social order. But the work

most significantly of the spirit of American Nurses Association of the congress will be done in a the age, however, is 'the fact that Association of Women in Public series of round tables at which the they enter the Exposition on the Health women will try to devise practical same terms as men. Child Study Association methods of achieving the social

In the fair of 1893 the now General Federation of Women's ideals their speakers outline. On

outmoded idea that there should be Clubs Friday, the final day of the con- a segregation of the sexes still preInternational Sunshine Society gress, the findings of the round vailed. Men triumphantly exhibNational Association of Colored tables will be summarized and a

ited the products of their hands and Women plan evolved for uniting the wombrains in great halls dedicated to National Council of Jewish Women's organizations of the United science and invention and the wonen States to work for the common ders of travel and transportation. National Federation of Business goal of a better civilization.

But women were relegated to the and Professional Women's Clubs Thus will women of 1933, folisolation of a Women's Building National Federation of Music lowing in the footsteps of the where their exhibits were expected Clubs women of 1893, stage a great conto bear out the presumption that National Federation of Temple gress in Chicago to bring the women's place was in the home. Sisterhoods (Continued on page 294)

How toMake GoodPictures Indoors By W. EARL LYMAN

work of making good picturesTHEindoors has been made comparatively easy by the invention of the flash bulb and the photo flood lamp. These

two new lamps have made it possible to do away with the use of Flash Powder How the picture was taken. Stop: F:8. One flash bulb.

which is dangerous to use, by anyone not familiar with it, to say nothing of the smoke, noise is being made. The photo flood lamp looks like a

and dirt that results. regular 60 watt Mazda lamp. But when used on

The photo flash bulb will operate on any electrical a house lighting circuit produces from 750 to 1000 current of lYz Volts (flash light watts. This enables you to get

battery) to 11-5 volts (house lightshort time exposures where you can ing) and produces a very strong hold your subject from 1 to 10 light, flashing faster than a wink seconds. The life of this lamp is

of an eye and makes it possible to approximately two hours of concatch scenes indoors before your tinuous burning. To get the maxsubject can move a muscle. The imum light from this lamp you

simplicity of the photo flash bulb should use a reflector designed for makes picture taking indoors as its use. However very good results

easy and successful as outdoor snap can be obtained by using the lamp shots in sun light. Simply place in the regular electrical outlets you

the camera on a tripod, table, or have, in which case you should inchair; get the correct range or focrease the exposure two or three

cus; set the shutter on bulb or time; times. The table will help you

then when you secure the expresto give the correct exposure. This

sion you desire, open lens, set off table is based on the use of plenathe bulb and close the lens. chrome or verichrome film. If the

One of the safest and easiest regular film is used the time of exways of operating the shutter in posure should be doubled. For

making flash lights is to use a lens inexpensive cameras use the largest cap. When doing this, set the stop possible and exposure data

shutter on time and cover the lens given for F 16.

with the cap. (A lid to a pill box "Go to sleep."Very good results may be obcan be used) Then open the shutter Stop: F:ll. One flash bulb. tained with the ordinary light from

and remove the cap, set off the flash the windows. Care should be taken

bulb, or give the amount of time you want and replace to illuminate the dark corners and arrange the furnithe lens cap, then close the shutter. This eliminates ture of the room to avoid strong or sharp shadows,

any chance of moving the camera while the exposure The time of exposure is governed of course by the number of windows in the room, and should require from about 1 seconds up to 2 or 3 minutes exposure.

TABLE FOR TIME EXPOSURES Fast Amateur Film Distance No. of

-lamps to Diaphragm lamps in Time in subject Opening reflectors Seconds 4.5 1 F 1/5 4 feetit

1 6.3 1/2 F

1 8 1 F tt"1 11 2 F 16 2 2 F 4.5 1 6 feet 1 F

tt 1 6.3 1 F tt 1 8 2 F 11 2 2 F it 3 3 16 F 4.5 1 10 2 feet F

tt 6.3 2 2 F tt 3 8 2 F tt 5.6. Reading the Funnies, Stop: Time V2 Sec. One Flood Lamp. 11 3 4 F

tt See page 16 287 6 6 F

J\io irgen Ut By DAVE RUST Is it 'The River Virgin'or El Rio de La

VirgeUy and ivho named it? Read and see.

The Three Patriarchs Guarding El Rio de La Virgen.

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 283

in 1875, published Port objects guide, and fioneer RusL DavePAPREESCApages 109, 106, 104, 7 f'z on his LANTE, trie fijt de7 that, to 7 idea-J strenuously LaT great are in KwTiigj); "We historic famous for expectancy, hope nvas we River, Virgin the Virgen, Virgen, Rio Fe back to Santajourney

a stream crossed 'l'f Virin 1776, the obscure Thomas traffer, for named of thet'J'Rio the mouth"f. 7 o o -.7 region thein known now hmitti o. on JededtatiT 7 7- 7 accompanted gtn, or "Eighteen who/ Virgen."as which Southern Utah

he entered in his diary as his expedition to the coast. Mr. Rust maintwenty miles up the val-

(signiSulfuero""Rio tains that the river was named by the SpanIheare'tw'Myrmon thatficant the reason for those towns, St. Joseph and St.the crossing was made iards for the Virgin Mary. He says

near a sulphur hot who object to the title on the grounds that Thomas."(We hope that presume will not someone. old Franspring) The

named that was this town intociscan's diary went the river is not beautiful or'pleasanti a to look the seclusion of Spanish Upon have never seen tt at its best. Anyway, for the pbscure Thomas

exSmith Virgin of the thearchives and is important river name did since the and since we "The peditionof 1827)...'t 1 in c 'Southwestnot prevail c '

ern geography prefer the bpamsh of U, we are presenting Ri Virgen flows to the

Other Spanish travelers Mr. Rusts arguments and in addition are southwest into the Colothe later duringfollowed two pictures showing of the famous river, one rado."explore the"WeRio Virgenwish toas, escentury,years of that, 7

tablished another route on the cover and one here. far as possible.""The

and christened this same plateaus are cut by the Rio stream the "Rio Virgen"in honor Fremont knew his Spanish. In Virgen."Bancroft is quite as proof the Virgin Mary, the Mother of his "Memoirs of My Life,"he fuse in the use of this Spanish title

the Son of Man. Then, over a half quotes from his own journal of of our sacred river. He observes

century later, the valley of the Rio 1 844, written while on his journey that the Adams River, socalled by

Virgen became the abiding place of from California: "It proved to Smith, "is clearly identical with

colonics of the Saints of the L. D. be the Rio de los Angeles (River the Rio Virgen,"known by the

Trail, Spanish of the Old the users of branch of the plateau S. the grand Church, and Angels)—a dropSmith recorded by Vir- (River of the The name Virgen above templesof the Rio towers and

river was named by their chief gin).""It proved to be theRio ped into oblivion as did the "Sultheologian-astronomer, Orson Virgen, a tributary to the Colofuero"of Escalante, but the Rio

Pratt, "Kolob,"the place near to rado.""Finding at evening a Virgen (Spanish), Virgin River

the throne of God (as described in halting place of very good grass on (English), will "go on forever,"the Pearl of Great Price). Then, the clear waters of the Santa Clara, H. C. Dale, professor of political

after another half century, the marfork of the Rio Virgen."Fremont science at the University of Wyovelous chasm carved by this sacred employed a Spanish guide for that ming, in his AshleySmith Exriver through the Kolob Plateau journey and mapped the Old Spanplorations (published in 1917)

was introduced to the world as ish Trail from Los Angeles to the comments in a footnote, page 188, "Zion Canyon,"and set apart as valleys of Utah. as follows: "Smith's route is dif-

"Zion National Park."Most reThe Old Spanish Trail, used by ficult to follow from his confused

markable coincidence of origin, Spanish caravans before and after and inadequate directions. The

most glorious combination of the year 1800, has been definitely only stream running southwest is nomenclature, worthy of sincere designated by Bancroft, Hart, and the Virgin, presumably named for contemplation. other historians as running northThomas Virgin who accompanied

west from Santa Fe up a branch of Smith on his second expedition. It

StrongStrong JedediahJedediah SmithSmith 1826,1826, miles from is divide TN[N hundred over one over the the Grande, Rio j:; to seems led1-j southi,: expedition a-.trapping the Smith where point the across of the tributaries

from the Sevier river (which he San Juan to the Dolores valley, have struck Sevier River, up that named Ashley's) and, according to west between the Sierra Abajo and stream and across the divide to the his own journal, "struck a river"the La Sal mountains, across the headwaters of the Virgin which which he called "Adam's River in Grand and Green rivers, up the he named Adams River."In ancompliment to"president John San Rafael and over the Salina pass other footnote, page 237, Dale exQuincy Adams. He was exploring and up the Sevier, and over another plains that "Thomas Virgin"and

his way through a country "endivide to the Rio Virgen, down others were new members taken by tirely unknown"to him or any of the valley of the Rio Virgen and Smith when he started on his seehis company, and of which he across the desert via Las Vegas ond expedition. H. G. Rogers, a

"could collect no satisfactory insprings and Cajon Pass to San member of both the Smith expeformation from the Indians."EviBernardino and Los Angeles, ditions, recorded in his journal.

dently. Smith had scant knowledge Doesn't that sound like a Spanish page 237 of the Dale publication.

of Spanish exploration, as when he trail? Most of these names have the name of "Thomas Virgin"as

reached the Rio Colorado he called preserved their origin on our topoone of the men who accompanied it Seedskeden (meaning Green) graphic maps. Smith on his second, 1827, expeHe might have saved considerable dition. Not even a suggestion,

confusion if he had employed an "VTOTE the expressions of J. W. however, is found in the Smith

experienced Spanish guide, as FrePowell (Explorations of the journal or in either of the two mont did a few years later. Colorado River of the West, Re- (Continued on page 287)

a

284WINTER SPORTS IN ToSemite CRISTEL HASTINGS

''*>"* - < I'&'iVfgSJW'- '

Just flow over the crest of the northeim hemisphere King

Winter is 7'uler a?id nvhat a monarch of moods he is I 'Even California in high places is brought under the sway of his scepter but

in California where he is in competition with genial warmth and the lure of the ora?ige groves he has to be at his smiling best.

is falling in the high summer are being rounded out, breathtaking study in white andSNOWSierra, solid banks of it and their notched outlines softened by forest green. The high rim of

great dazzling drifts filling fleecy blankets of snow. A film of peaks has been generously dusted

the deep chasms and canyons beice is creeping over the waters of with nature's great "flour sack!"

tween the rugged peaks of the the Merced—River of Mercy Snow—snow everywhere—a

Yosemite skyline, transforming the silencing its low murmurings. Far world of white encrusted with

great Valley into a fairylike world up the Valley at the base of Half glistening gems of ice that crunch it Tisand creak as you walk!of glistening icicles and vast fields Dome—the Indians called

reflective charm of And what about Yosemite Falls,of gleaming snow! saack—the

It is the time for frosted stars, Mirror Lake already is hidden unthe highest waterfall in the world, for shining ice floors, for glittering der a glistening floor of ice! whose roaring grandeur may have

snowbanks and the tingling ex- A holiday week, especially the held you spellbound last June?

hilaration that comes on the clear, interval between Christmas and the How vastly different in January high mountain air in midwinter! New Year, or immediately after, and February! Silent. Strangely

Bewildering enough in its rugofiers a measure of fun ancl frolic. muted—almost unreal, as if some

ged splendor during summer, the The Yosemite National Park is important part of the universe sudYosemite Valley is n o w being easily accessible every day in the denly had ceased to function. The

transformed into a veritable parayear. Excellent roads and highmid-winter trail is a matter of

dise of sparkling beauty that makes ways are kept cleared of snow. El guesswork, more or less. You can

even words seem commonplace and Capitan—the Indians'Tutoch- safely trust to memory, however,without meaning. ahnu-lah—looks down on a scene and to your general sense of direcThe sharp, clearcut peaks of ethereally white and lovely—tion. You will find familiar landThe Improvement Era for March, 1933 285

Hiking for hockey is the exchange in winter

Solid pendants and streamers of frozen waters have silenced the great voice of summer rendering this famous perpendicular river into a frozen picture of such bewildering beauty it leaves you wordless. Only the snap and

Off on a ivild toboggan

marks of summer pathways hidwander upward along the den, entirely obliterated, with frozen walls over whose nothing to mar the smoothness of lofty brink the glothe snowwhite surface but the ocrious drops of sum- 'casional imprint of a deer's hoof. mer waters flung

The high Sierra world is a color themselves in scheme of green and white—symwild abandonbol of peace—and even the green not so long

of towering firs and great incense ago like milcedars is weighted down with lions of sparkfluffy loads of snow, hiding emerling.gems

ald boughs. released and

flung into /VER a maze of bulging snowmid-air. And

iness that hides the rocks you there will be the know lie somewhere beneath, you shimmering reawill break trail to the foot of son for all this

Yosemite Falls. A sudden sharp great silence!

crackle and something crashes Hundreds of icicles

! Yards and tenacity to the high,throughicicle—butthesuchstillness.a one Only an cling with a cold

yards of it! Immensity seems to iceencased walls, enbe the rule even among the icicles chaining the waters of the

in Yosemite! Your gaze will highest waterfall in the world

286 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

crackle of an occasional icicle to down the long icy toboggan slide! forming night into the sort of

is your cue to scramfairyland dreams are made of. Youbreak the universal silence—that This, then,

and the muffled sound of a falling ble out of the sleigh, for the lure will be lured outdoors by all this handful of snow as some overof tobogganing in Yosemite is irgay brilliancy. Overhead looms a

loaded fir or cedar or some shaggy resistible! Here you will encounter starry sky, and so brilliant are the

tamarack allows its dry, snowy another delightful surprise! Gone stars above all this wintry splenburden to slip from a drooping are the days when you toiled up an dor it seems one could almost reach

branch here and there. incline dragging your heavy toup and take them from the very

Deer haunt the floor of the valboggan after, for this very modern skies, so near do they appear.

ley, and are very tame. No one slide is electrically equipped! The Perhaps there is another snowever molests them—the only sign mere turn of a switch starts the fall during the night. Great

of life in these still woods through motor that not only draws your feathery flakes that make this the the winter months except those toboggan up, but you will be valley of magic! Your first glimpse

fluffy little puffballs of feathers aboard, as well! No more trudgof the outdoors next morning will

and energy, the snow sparrows. It ing breathlessly up the long icebe dazzling, indeed. Great icicles

is a world of peace and silence. coated trail afoot! You ride up hang from the eaves just outside

Even the bears are asleep in their as well as down your door—icicles that hang in an

winter quarters. The skylines all From the top begins a riotous amazing methodical precision as

about have merged with the pansuccession of breathless flights though they had been measured orama of pale, lonely mountains down the long slide, day and and hung just so. In less than no

whose summits lose themselves in night! The fun is never finished! time you are fully togged out for

a haze of whirling snowstorms, There are many "spills"when a new day. Someone says someand of ghostly gray peaks nestling cool, powdery showers of snow thing about snow shoes. If you

comfortably down for a winter in fling themselves over you and you have already tried this method of the close embrace of snow. suddenly find yourself landing in a locomotion, so much the better, as

The tinkle of sleigh bells drifts breathless heap alongside the slide skill in the manipulation of these through the crackling air and you somewhere! It's all part of topedal accessories opens up glorious

ever in this before than trails. icebetter iniindelible picture If this of the be your high beaten—aneagerly retrace your odd footprints bogganing! Life, somehow, seems vistas undreamed of beyond the

all sports wintry air with feet the snow foreverlocked waterfall firmly plant tial attempt, to remain your in your memory. A sleigh is just at one's command! and far apart as you walk. A fall

leaving for a gliding tour of the Careful attendants are constantly or two in the soft snow will not

Valley! Quite different from the on duty from dawn to dusk, and be surprising, as these great webbed

sunny excursions of summer even at night, to see to your comfeet that humans strap to their through flowerstrewn meadows fort and safety. And when there boots in the snow country have an

and waving grasses! You are just is the added thrill of tobogganing odd tendency to overlap eachin time, and, somehow, there's alby moonlight—ah, that's a differother's edges at first! In fact, the

ways room for one more! You ent thrill entirely! novice is prone to "step on his own

often small than not!snuggle more someone and aboard A are short in this high feet"practice patience of great andthoughtfully woolly TAYS wraps a amount

robe about you. The horses toss alpine valley. Its sheer, lofty will overcome this.

a that radiance walls take on newtheir a tiny of heads and myriad are at skiing, If adept you an stars. outshines even the Stringsbells their jingle holiday forth the of farther the reaches Yosemite

electric are lights colored of twined Inmusic! another you moment thrills offer a of range wide new

trees transthe of branches among off,are gliding the over smooth sportsaverage the to granted not snowy way, following the lovely man. With your stout alpinecurves of the Merced River with stock grasped firmly in one mitits clumps of ruddy toyon berries tened hand, your woolen cap

a startling contrast against the pulled down snugly over your ears, gleaming snow banks. Far up the and a pair of shining skiis strapped

valley the brilliant light of winter to your boots, the world is yours, sunshine plays over Half Dome. for in an hour or two you will

have lived the entire span of keen pASSING Le Conte Memorial exhilaration that hovers always halfhidden in deep snows like along the high ridges of the Sierra!

a pale, lonely ghost, you will see One who has not heard the rush the little gray stone interdenomi- of air whistling and singing past national church in the heart of the as he flies through midair from

Yosemite. A turn in the road, some high knoll to a sloping valleyshouts and ringing peals of laughfar below—one who has never

ter greet you. A sudden flash of flung himself aloft from some

gay color skims through the air, snowy eminence on skiis in the whirling past your sleigh, and you high regions of the Alps, or Canrealize you are looking after one ada, or Alaska, arms widestretched of the long toboggans! A call and a dazzling panorama of valley

far up the long incline and anrushing upward to meet him, canother load of sudden merriment not even begin to understand what is released at the top to whirl skiing can mean.

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 287

'ITHE colorful New Year's Eve ing from dance frock to skating for this admirable winter sport.

Ball in Yosemite is always a costume and sturdy boots, five minSomeone in the moonlit distance memorable affair. A medley of utes more and you are one of the sings "The End of a Perfect Day,"

haunting melody, soft lights, merry crowd tucked aboard a sleigh a faraway lonely bit of song driftwarmth, happiness, and the eternal once more, and off you glide to ing in this silent night of white comradeship of good friends! After Mirror Lake, icebound Keko-tooradiance. Your heart aches with

the Ball someone actually suggests yem, several icebound miles up the the sheer loveliness of it all. It is

is valley. Or, you may skate on the of such things that poems are madeskating by moonlight—if there a moon! And there is! The dazspacious new rink of the Yosemite—joy not unmingled with tears,

zling white walls of the valley Winter Club! Colored lights play happiness not unmixed with regret

shine like silver. Even if there is over the scene which appears for that dawn will eventually come

no moon, there are always the great all the world like a great inverted and with it your long, reluctant floodlights, soft arcs of glowing mirror! The clink of skate blades farewell to this dazzling valley set

colors illuminate the scene to dayon ice is music itself, and nowhere in a mountain cleft where only light brilliancy! Hurriedly changis there a more beautiful setting peace and joy abide.

-<:4*it>> 'Rw Virgen Continuedpage from283

Rogers journals, that the Rio Virman, not Dellenbaugh, was the an 'i'. One of the worst linguistic

gen was ever called by them any photographer for the 1871 expediblunders possible is to mix the two other name than Adams River. tion. and write it "Rio Virgin,"or

"Virgen River."Why does Dale presume that the QEORGE WHARTON

river was named for Thomas VirJAMES, noted traveler and The historians of the Mormon gin, ignoring all the evidence to the writer of the Southwest, is another Church have preserved the Spanish contrary? We notice that he who knows his Spanish. In his name inviolate. Listen to these

avoids the use of the Spanish, Rio Utah, the Land of Blossoming from Jenson's Church ChronolVirgen, throughout his book. At Valleys, page 190, he offers an ogy: "Saints called to settle on

the same time he acknowledges the explanation: "There is a little the Rio Virgen and the Santa

old name "Rio Colorado, or Spanconfusion in the minds of some Clara, 1861; Rio Virgen Times,

ish River,"for the Colorado River. people as to the spelling of the weekly newspaper, published at St.

While we admire the Dale account, name, 'Virgin'or 'Virgen,'River. George, 1868; Rio Virgen County,

it is hot invulnerable. For inThere need be no difficulty. The created by act of Utah (territory)

stance (on page 313, Bibliogname originally was bestowed by legislature, 1869; Brigham Young

raphy): F. S. Dellenbaugh is rethe Spanish. It was the Rio Virvisited the mouth of the Rio Virferred to as "the official photoggen, the Spanish form. Thus it gen, 1870; Rioville at the junction

rapher of the Powell expeditions should be spelled as the Spaniards of the Rio Virgen and the Coloin 1869 and 1871."Mr. Dellenspell, with an 'e'. But if one Anrado."And Whitney refers to the

baugh was not a member of the glicizes it and makes it the Virgin Valley of the Rio Virgen In his 1869 expedition; and E. O. BeaRiver, it is correct to spell it with History of Utah.

>- -icc?Vii—-<-

Photographic Contest—Indoor

A ND now before Old Man WinThe rules are simple:

ter has left our doors, why 1. Any subject is good. The

not try a few indoor photographs. only stipulation is that the picture

We have asked Earl Lyman, of must be taken indoors.

Salt Lake City, to tell how it's 2. On the reverse side of the

done. He has also demonstrated glossy print submitted to the conthat it can be done. test, give its title, the stop used,

While all of his pictures were the flash or bulb and the time.

taken by means of flash bulbs and 3. Each photograph is to bear

flood lamps, very fine indoor on its reverse side the name and "shots"can be had without going address of the sender who must to that expense. You choose your declare that the picture was taken

method. Here is our offer. for this contest between the dates

To the person submitting what specified above.

"Please picture."take my judges declarecompetent the to be 4. All bear photographs must F:ll. Stop: bulb. flash One takenmost interesting "indoor"a post than midof not later mark

any time after the issuance of this night, April 15, 1933.

magazine and before April 15, will best, $2.00 in cash. The Improve- 5. Address all photographs to

go $5.00 in cash; to the one subment Era will pay $1.00 each for the Indoor Photographic Contest

mitting the second best indoor any other pictures from the contest Editor, The Improvement Era, photograph will go $3.00 in cash; which are published in the maga47 East South Temple St., Salt

and to the one submitting the third zine. Lake City, Utah.

iAxSlmxilLeadership wouldpeople seemto enterthat intothe doctorsthe arrangement.were as eager Threeas the

for families each paid hundred have $25.00 is the world's right sort the of TEADERSHIP attention, as are medical others eager to and pay

this present moment, greatest need at are available. accordsoon as funds economics, of subject the thinkers to ing on many article the explaining the of workings The of the religion. week During sociology, and in part, Insurance "Health Plan,"follows: the half leaders than 23, more from January a "Starting a public with year debate about at gathered six missions in stakes the and Church fostered ago, Society, the Cardston Debating by eduthe Church's University, Brigham Young c>f the state question medicine, project the on was

a "Leaderin participate to laboratory, cational undertaken editor of the O. D. Wight, by Cardship Week."ston affirmative the in that News, upheld who the lectures the and around which theme The debate, J. against police magistrate, both Low, W. "Spiritual Foundaclass were was grouped work agreed the of during that debate perhaps whom various the Reconstruction."During tions of course middle practice private Some between and the of assemblies general sessions the some and state medicine solve present might our problem interthe in subjects various the thinkers best on service. medical attention of and

the problems world's discussed country mountain situation, the canvassing soon Wight, "Mr. find eager to audiences attentive before hopes and to willing families were or 50 more had who condition. collapsed of present out our a way fee definite at a doctor a contract enter with some expected are changes radical or sudden no While

service. a year's for Cardston or payment The

is it that predict safe to result the a of as "Week,"several after coninterviewed doctors were and fruit there will bear planted the of thoughts many the ferences a agreed upon, plan was whereby it to plant patience takes yet. said has Someone

this families service medical desiring could group social yet oaks, for the wait and acorns and growth is almost as slow as that of the oak. themselves into an organization of some kind,

the organization both with which doctors would deal; they a great Revolutions not aid growth do * * * (be contract. willing to sign a medical

social institutions have the which merely uproot been growing and start new ones, but the new "Just a word as to the terms of the contract. the committee, are paid doctors monthly by in have years ones must which to come to anyThe

the onetwelfth of being total sum the sum fruit. or like blossoms thing

of payment. at the time the in deposit bank on at like held that Brigham conferences Social

as they the arrangement, are delighted with They off dead lopping as pruners act University Young cash definite a income steady received and have into social plant the new bending and growths in relieved leach |any worries of been have month, as discussion of problems land better forms. Open

all else, a given have, Collections, wonabove and to prois it the ought carried in Church being on health service to the people has meant derful which of ideas. assemblage helpful Every duce and new the in Cardston 'and to happiness a home many is like their discussing problems persons bent upon

as the "health accepted idea district. have They life come. of forms of egg may out which new an person as as are anxious on any insurance,"and are as they are, therefore, encouraged be to They it, give be, receive to possibly to contract can the today, the Church throughout encouraged being

in plenty before aid time of advice, medical and Associain especially the Improvement Mutual is iany sickness serious encountered, and many tion.—//. R. M. serious cases have thus been prevented, while

fathers have been cured of long standing ills.

agree to give contract doctors the Under the Cardston Adult Class accident attention in case imedical of illness or and

Leads the Way to perform any surgical operation necessary, except where the services of a specialist are required,

IN January the Era took occasion to mention such as for teeth, eye, ear, nose, or throat. Major

the survey of the costs of medical attention in and minor operations have alike been performed, the United States which has been made by a and the ease of mind attending the patients as to selected committee. From Canada comes a statedoctor bills, has, in many cases been a potent

ment that the Adult Class of the M. I. A. has factor in their rapid recovery after the operation

fostered a project which has received considerable has been performed."

attention in the Lethbridge Herald. This movement in Cardston is a hopeful sign

It seems, according to a letter from Susie P. lof a growing ability to cooperate; it is also interSmith, president of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Alberta esting because it indicates that these Mutual classes

Stake, that Mrs. Pearl Card, Adult Class leader which are organized to assist in looking after the

for the stake, and Mr. D. O. Wight, the Adult physical wellbeing of members of the Church

Class leader of Cardston Second Ward, led out in can do'things if they have leadership and if they the matter of securing a contract with Cardston tan work together.

doctors in regard to a "Health Insurance Plan."A great many problems still face this Cardston

From the articles in the Lethbridge Herald it organization, but we're hoping the project will iAJsA not falter. People who had no sickness at all this It is true that I have a lot less to live on than I had

past year may wonder if they are getting their a year ago, but it is likewise true that I have just as twentyfive dollars'worth when they are solicited much as ever to live for. The real values of life are

to pay again; others who have had bad luck with unshaken and solid.

their sickness or who are chronic kickers may start The depression has not lowered the value of a single

Stories about the ability of the doctors, no matter friendship. Neighbors still greet us in the same old

how fine they may be, and thus break down the cordial way, business associates believe in us, and our sons us hold respect. in high wife's at greeting The unless class leadorganization of the highmorale

the close of the has day depreciated not in the least, see forership the troubles ahead prepare can and our and daughters to continue their affections lavish them. upon us with the same old extravagance.

Thousands will watch the experiment with My faith in the goodness of the universe is unimgreat interest, for thousands have been thinking paked. By that faith I am emboldened when I face

that our health matters have been handled in a defeat and despair. The prayers my mother taught me

very primitive way despite our boasted knowledge. and the faith of God instilled by a devout father reIt will be a splendid contribution to humanity if main as priceless treasures that no depression can touch.

Cardston can point the way to better health and No nation becomes great by becoming rich. Neither

owning life by mostmore happiness, therefore. H. R. M. something—-onlydoes a man find enduringby becomingsatisfactionsomething.in The

degrading poverty is that which results from kilting spirit the that the body may be served. Winds in March depression is a challenge, This not a catastrophe. A

that generation air has conquered the giant and sent circling IWfARCH is the month of winds—not the doleplanes globe; the into the has which plunged

ful winds of fall which blow up Winter deeps and disported on the ocean's floor; which has

with icy breath; not the freezing blasts of January climbed above the clouds and lived in the stratosphere;

which carry from the north the chilling drop is now faced with the challenge to rise above its dein temperature so hard on the coalbin; but the pendence on mere things and seek an emancipation of

new, cleansing winds which are the vacuum the spirit of man.

cleaners in earth's house cleaning. Blowing over The last six months have been for many men a

newlybare fields, they carry away the sere and thrilling spiritual adventure through which they have broken weeds of yesteryear; whirling through discovered their real wealth. Bereft of dividends and

streets, they pick up dust and dirt and bear them profits, they are discovering the strong sustaining power sweeping gardens, overaway; they blow clean honor,of faith,charity,and theandabidingtrustworthiness.values of courage, heroism,

the earth, ready for seeding. April The deepest satisfactions of life—those that come Other winds there are, not mentioned in books from sharing and serving—remain secure.

of geography, nor having any effect upon the I am still rich because I have become independentlyclimatic conditions of earthplaces. Winds of rich—none of my present wealth depends upon business

the soul they are, disturbing, blinding, violent, conditions or market reports. (Anon.)

but powerful in carrying away accumulated rubbish and dried weeds in the garden of the mind. Financial difficulties may prove to many to be

The old axiom, "It's an ill wind that blows a wind which blows good. Sickness is another,

nobody good,"might be coupled up with another sometimes, for it emphasizes the blessing of quotation concerning the blessedness of adversity, health, without which other blessings are flat and and a little survey made, individually, to see how tasteless. Age is a joybearing wind, according to

true they are. There are ill winds, unquestionVida F. Scudder, whose article in "Glancing

ably, which blow only unhappiness and destrucThrough"explains her stand. Difficulties detion to those who linger in their path. Winds velop strength, dangers increase courage, bereaveof greed, hate, passion, and the despair which canment creates sympathy and understanding.

are assuaged, thosenot be which wreck. And With the coming of the winds of March we

ill. asthese can truly regard we are conscious that April is coming, and May, and

Other winds there are, generally regarded as ill, strawberries and blue larkspur, which reminds uswhich, under observation prove to be the bearers of another quotation—"If Winter comes, oh

of good in the guise of adversity which brings its Wind, can Spring bei far behind?"and still anblessing. Into the Era office came some throughls other, from a poem by Lowry Nelson, which

written anonymously and submitted by Julian Y. begins, "I love a wind in a willowy lane, When

Burton, of Merced, California, formerly of Salt billowy clouds are sowing rain"and ends "O

Lake and the old L. D. S. School here. Maker of willows. And Maker of men. Thanks

for making Them new again."It seems that

"1 AM STILL RICH"many people feel that winds are harbingers of "XXTE have passed through a panic, suffered from a better things and of newness which come with 'crash of the stock market, and are now more the winds. Most winds really do blow somebody

tHan half way through the depression, and I am still some good, and one of the greatest of the good rich. things is the realization of that fact. E. T. B.

290 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

The Family Continuedpage from269 society, and its present needs. The swer the end of its creation and mission. It is their part in the

idea of social workers is to raise that it might be filled with the great divine plan. And this conhuman life to its highest levels and measure of man according to his viction, in addition to their love of

it will tend to take care of itself. creation before the world was home life and home companionWhat it most needs is a chance to made."Doc. and Gov, 49: 1517. ship, stimulates them to determined

succeed. Marriage is a holy sacrament as effort to carry out these functions

And how may this be done? well as a legal union, and when in such a way as to bring about the

First, by setting up religious, spirconsummated by proper authority best final results.

in it is the the of "for House Lord ideals;itual second, moral and by Latterday Saint parents To

all eternity."for time and Temtraining; educationproviding and generally the thing important most

ple marriages are usually thusthird, controlling environment by itself, in life, aside the gospel from based something than upon more preventive building up great is their chilchildren children's and—by curiosity, thrills, a desire for new will inconstructive that programs else, dren. including All personal

love. or romantic meresure beings they what While careers to human is secondary. ambitions, and

love romantic is usually a stimuare to, entitled "the right namely, is their offspring inTheir major factor, lating deeper considerations forto life,"opportunity not to an terest, to dedicate they which themmere existence but a right to life in govern, such as carefully looking selves as does a reformer to his the large, to normal life, to opbackward, looking forward, and cause.

portunity to be all that they can visualizing results. It is no doubt

largely because of these beliefs andbe; rehabilitation fourth, by family TN their plans for home and for that marriage is considfor those families are unpractices which

fortunate or lack ability to mainered so seriously, that so few mishome life the children are given tain themselves. takes are made in marriage; and first consideration. Their health is

that divorces are relatively rare guarded and provision is made for

The essentials of normal indiamong Latterday Saints. their schooling, their leisure, and

are, life birthvidual blemwithout is spiritual their welfare. There statistician a Recently discussing physical or mental a in the family hardlyishes—without Ghurch the subject of inferred divorce that the poihandicaps; freedom from is real willing to not which make the the rate in Latterday Saint low disease; venereal alcohol ofson and sacrifices their faith in to build up like that in Ghurch, the Gatholic care, protection, trainproper and a children love for the such and is to a Ghurch, probably due ban infancy,ing childhood during and that their gospel sons daughand said, divorce. "Imagine on He live to opportunityyouth; and ters, financial remunerawithout personality, of marring what what maturity,learn during and work tion, serve gladly as missionaries discomfort, hate there what must care in protection to old andand the for church. in be Gatholic and many Mormonage.

homes because of their rigid rules The ideal Latterday Saint famThe elements of normal life for regarding divorce."This is not ily is a democratic institution.

the family are: Income sufficient the case in the Latterday Saint While the father, who bears the

to-—suitableinsure a decentshelter,standardenoughof livingand catesGhurch.divorce,Whileit regardsthe Ghurchit as adepremore Priesthood,nizes his wifeis theas heada partnerhe recogand

proper kind of food for growth or less personal matter. It advises together they council and plan for

and sustenance, some leisure; some its members to do their best to the benefit of the home and family.

degree of comfort; opportunity for avoid family disruption and to The family is thought of in terms

health, both physical and mental; live in accordance with church of its individual members as well

for education and training; for ideals; but it does not interfere or as in terms of the group. The

suitable recreation; and for relitry to coerce where living together rights of all are respected. Each

gious and spiritual growth and seems intolerable or even detrimember supports every other memdevelopment. mental to the personalities conber in his individual work. ReLatter-day Saints agree with socerned. ciprocation is the rule in connection

ciologists that the family is the The orthodox temple marriage with home, community, and most important of the social inceremony, while simple and withchurch duties. If the father is a

stitutions. They believe, in addiout ostentation, is dignified, imBishop the whole household supin this position. it portstion, While that him is a sacred most and pressive, comprehensive. In and

feel his duties the that mother institution thatholy family and may connection with it a vow of chashis require islife too of attention all the of important much most human relationships. This contity is taken which is a glorious she wants him to succeed and thereclusion is based upon their belief consecration, and a powerful infore does not complain.

in the single preserving high life,in preexistence, a in future in fluence of be president mother The may of for the standard morality which spirit,the immortality the of and Society. Relief the the chilWhile church has always strongly stoodin the everlasting union eternal and naturally prefer dren to have

of husbands and wives and of and which generally has resulted mother at home they recognize her parents and their children. in good morals and in happy marrights and the importance of the

riages. opportunity for her development,

'"pO Latterday Saints "marriage To Latterday Saints the beartherefore they agree that Tuesday is ordained of God unto man, ing and bringing up of children is afternoon is mother's day and they * * * that the earth might annot only a great privilege but is a help to make it possible for her to

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 291

be free at that time. Mary may noyances and tensions of life, gives together unite in rendering thanks

be secretary of the Sunday School. him a new and broader vision, and to Divine Providence for blessings

If anyone is required to stay at enables him to see things in their received, and unite in asking for home on Sunday morning it must proper relations, and to understand inspirational guidance, each memnot be Mary, for her Sunday better their relative importance. It ber taking his turn as spokesman,

School work is her major duty. helps him to recognize and cast The blessing on the food, and

Such is the procedure in the ideal aside that which is temporary and secret prayers are other beautiful

Mormon home where people bepassing, and to hold fast to that and cultural customs. The oblieve in individual development and which has eternal value. It helps servance of Sunday, of Fast Day,

in individual rights. him to forgive and to endure, to and of the law of tithing brings

face problems squarely and bravely, blessings and compensations. Reg-

'"pHE belief in the immortality of and to adjust to life's situations ular attendance at Sacrament Meetthe spirit affects all reactions in without bad reaction and injury ings, partaking worthily of the the Latterday Saint home. When either to his own personality or to sacrament of the Lord's Supper,

a parent looks into the face of a the personality of others. It is a and membership in auxiliaries, all

little child believing that its spirit comprehensive philosophy of life bring personal as well as family is immortal, that it will go on and which will stand him in good stead benefits.

eternally progress, there comes into on all occasions, and under all cirThe doctrine that "the Glory his soul a feeling of reverence for cumstances if he can but adopt it of God is Intelligence"is an inthe life and personality of this little and live in accordance with it. centive to learning. Great strides

being whom God has entrusted to In the church, temporal affairs have been made by the Church in his care, and he is willing to forego have also received due consideraeducation, art, and music.

personal pleasure, even endure severe tion. Works have been combined The Church has been a great

trials, rather than to deprive this with faith. In addition to Ats factor in controlling environment

little one of normal home life or great spiritual message, unparalleled in the interest of its people. It

of whatever else may be necessary for motivation, practical instruchas instituted through its Priestfor its proper growth and developtions and guidance have been given hood Quorums and through its ment. on methods of living, which have great auxiliary organizations comThe Church itself is also a greatly enriched family life; efforts prehensive preventive programs of

democratic institution and it offers have been put forth to control enunusual excellence. It has fostered

unusual opportunities for socializvironment in the interest of the and stimulated normal individual ing both its families and its indifamily; and when and where necesand family life. It has made spevidual members. Every normal sary family rehabilitation has been cial efforts to create conditions

man, woman, and child in the provided. which insure a normal, wellbal-

church is given opportunity for anced group life. Living together

some form of selfexpression while (HIEF among the guides to right in groups and communities, as the multitudes are given expedience in living is the Word of Wisdom, majority of this people do, has actual leadership. Any leadership a revelation given through the made the Church unusually sucactivity on the part of any indiProphet Joseph Smith in the incessful in carrying out this providual, even if that individual is terest of temporal salvation. This gram. Serious attention has been

but a youth, helps to raise the document, which emphasizes the given to employment, to health standard of, and stabilize his proper care of the body, condemns problems, and to leisuretime achome. Priesthood and auxiliary tobacco and alcohol, advises against tivities, as well as to educational

activities and missionary service the use of hot drinks and other and spiritual welfare. Probably

furnish unlimited opportunities stimulating foods, and promises the best welfare work done by the for development in leadership. It unusual blessings to those who Church has been along preventive

requires approximately 200 local observe it, has received commendalines, although great effort has been leaders to man a ward. With a tion from medical doctors and nuput forth to do effective corrective

thousand wards and branches this trition experts throughout the work.

means 200,000 local leaders, in world. The Church has tried to make

addition to the thousands of stake, Family prayers tend to produce people selfsustaining by furnishmission, and general officers who unity in the home. What is more ing employment, and to this end

are used throughout the church, beautiful, what more inspiring it has invested money in various see to than a family the cares with host of missionaries. theand projects and industries. sloThe

life laid aside, kneel together and Latterday Saint conception of The gan has been "help people to help of the family and family relationthemselves."Home ownership has

ship transcends all other views on been encouraged, and for stabilizthis this subject conception life and ing family there is nothing is Spring force a sustaining for mighty and potent. more enownership Home

promoting the family and insuring By Claire S. Boyer courages family solidarity and it

it is the that permanence which encourages to people spend more heatt sweeps the clean of itst QPRING ideal the goal only not and time in the Special home. attenpettiness of Saints, Latterday of all other but tion has to been given the Amerit tingling Leaving with expectancy

Christian people. This ideal toFaith-warm, lovekissed and hope beicanization of immigrant converts

gether with the whole gospel plan dewed, who, through the efforts of the results in a comprehensive and ef- A fresh and tender waiting garden plot Church, have become selfsustain- fective philosophy of life. It lifts To cradle seeds of joy. ing, capable, and patriotic Amerthe individual above the petty anican citizens.

292 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

Health work, both along perbeen expended and almost unlimhumanity and is subject to the sonal and public health lines, has ited volunteer service has been connatural laws and to the social and been made a feature. In the early tributed to this cause. For ninetyeconomic forces which apply to

days of the Church health councils one years the major work of the the world in general. Latterday

were conducted. In the interest of oldest auxiliary in the Church, the Saints cannot afford to sit passively

maternity and infant welfare, Relief Society, has been family by and rest on their laurels. And

classes in home nursing and care welfare. For two decades this orfurthermore, parents of today canof the sick and obstetrics were organization, in line with modern not get along in the same way as;

ganized and neighborhood nursing research and simultaneously with did the parents of the past. They

was carried on in all of the early similar agencies throughout the must have more extensive and difMormon communities. Along the world, has been placing emphasis ferent preparation in order to meet

lines of public health such projects on special preparation in order to successfully present conditions and as securing pure water and estabcarry out this important work efsituations which have been brought lishing sanitary measures generally fectively and intelligently. about in part by the extended use

were encouraged. of machinery, specialized work,

credit, high easy wellrounded the with sharp competition, pVEN'"pHE leisuretime activities fosadver- salesmanship and the has propressure Church program tered have furnished the people vided there is evidence that renewed tising, new methods and higher with elevating amusements. Music, efforts should be made to strengthstandards of living which interfere

debating, home dramatics, social en this program and to extend it to with old ideas of tradition, econdancing and outdoor sports have meet the new and pressing needs omy, etc. All of these challenge

kept the young people entertained of the family. After all it should the family as it has never been

and happy, and in a measure have be remembered that the Latterday challenged before. Parents should

kept out less elevating activities. Saint group is a crosssection of also have the opportunity of securThe Mutual Improvement Association has tried to prevent the feeling of loneliness among young

those often drivespeople which supersensitive and have Starting Next Month—Aprilwho are

feelings of inferiority to lower companionship when the highest A FivePart Serial entitled companionship is hard to attain.

strides have greatRecently been jj activities. recreationalmade in

Gymnasiums and recreation hallshave been and are being established "Forever or Never

Church with the connectionin proBy CAPTAIN TRUE BANHEARDT HARMSON campscenters, and summer activities. vacation forvided finds his missionary home is a returned of who the story 'npHIS resecular and both Education, telling the world been he Paradise had the quite not town Pioneer earlyligious', has, from it. to Capadjustment difficulties in his making of about, and feature Church of great a beendays, in and Holland to 1928 a Mission returned from tain Harmson state the wasactivities. Before his sweetto returns feels he Elder the just when how knows public establish to ablefinancially overdrawn, has Captain the will say friends. heart and Many inestablished theschools Church verdict will your underdrawn. What has will he say others field the whole coveringstitutions fiery a in manthe is, it problems presented has he Certain be? and plan the education.of Today interest. reader for makes ner which except generally, the Church ofaim

is "It the humble says: the editors author letter a to the In is University,at Brigham Young

a release of the following period the that writer the belief of religious activities to its limitto life or man, of that the in is boy important the most the Demissionary this endeducation. To diseither in or story is touched a upon subject seldom yet it and prohas Education ofpartment

is it? subject, is It a tabu not course. instrucreligious day weekvided

tion which is to be conducted "I know I had the wind taken out of my sails when I got parallel with the work of the home. I had been a conference president and had been conpublic schools. The Primary Assidered a fine speaker, and it was said that I knew the Gospel.

sociation, the Seminaries, and the Well, there was nothing for me to do in the way of church acSunday Schools are devoted extivity. After the first handshake everybody proceeded to forget

clusively to religious education. that I had ever been on a mission."

Notwithstanding the excellence John Alder returns home from his mission, in the story, of the organization and the effifinds things different, and sets out to make them over. Did he

ciency of its operation, in actual succeed? Well, that's the story. This John was a redbloodedpractice some families break down chap who could fight as well as preach and—he did both.

so that outside forces such as relThe story may be a little hard on the returned elder or on atives, the community, or the the folks at home, according to the way you view the matter.

rescue. we're but come to the allchurch must sorts of praise expect We

It! always rehabilitation has start and—perhaps—criticism,next month. Watch For Family story the to let going

been a part of the family program of the Church. Large sums have

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 293 ing expert advice from specialists social relationships, marriage and itual evolution of the race—these

on how to meet the everyday inparenthood; (2) Establishment in are the essential studies for all men

dividual family problems. It is churches and clinics of a consultaand women,"

often more difficult to understand tion service for family adjustment Mrs. Spencer felt that girls parthe behavior of a child than it is where such as the following may ticularly should have opportunity

to understand his physical needs. go for help: (a) Those who wish for specialized study, because of

Parents should know the new to change present characteristics the responsibility which will rest developments in Sociology, Psywhich now cause them unhappiness upon them later of laying the educhology, and Psychiatry concerning and lessen their effectiveness; (b) cational foundation for children

family relationships and the stanThose who are in practical diffiand of creating in them wholedards of social ethics. Every year culties; (c) Husbands and wives some, welladjusted personalities.

new theories are developed which who have difficulty in adjusting to The following recommendations attempt to show how to overcome each other; (d) Parents who want by the committee of experts on

some of the mistakes of the past, assistance in child guidance; (e) family and parent education, Sechow to build for broader symYoung people who have difficulty tion 3, Committee A, White House

pathies and more perfect underin making adjustments. These Conference, made after 1 6 months'

standings, and how to discover academic subjects could be comstudy and research support the why human beings react the way bined in a course on "The Family"above suggestions:

they do. which should be placed in every

Along with the new idea of college curriculum, and especially "Further research is needed on the social life factors affecting family economic andadult education the crying in comes the University, Brigham Young relation factors these to today. of The forneed education college great leadership more explicit of the

is careful the same of the family worthy and preparation for courtship and Church. consideration that has been given to the

marriage. relation in to the a production conditions of has Church And brilSpencer, Garlin Mrs. Anna commerce. industry and of forwealth opportunity supplyteacher, sociologist liant and who to centers research or "Institutions study this particularing recin the need

processes relationships family of to create subject and family helped the of modreation successful groups. For life, social as the as well and economic particularly the ern sociology and

it is necessarymarriage for factors the today, family operating young upon sociology, applied teaching of and established. be should topeople to have meet opportunity a instituted course on "The who estabconsultation be "Fa,mily should their so theyin groups can study

staff specialists of a University, in lished composed with Columbia Family"reactions toward one another and social in economies, work. housing home be should when asked, "What

fitdiscover successfully they sociology. law, psychiatry, psychology how and reparents?"taught to modern to centers give should be prepared Theseinto a group.

plied: personal "Psychology, and different the advice information and on

TN conclusion it is modestly and social; physical development on a problems of family life,

provided "Instructions should be by biological suggested foundation; the welldefined humbly that

colleges the satisto further and the the school meaningChurch, the history and home, and participation intelligent of social schoolsfactions of everywhere unite in a campaign institutions; the social aspects of family life and to prepare for courtship,in

for: (1) Academic education for education as a process in the spirmarriage and parenthood."

<IC<V5iPalmetto Continuedpage from272 mounted. I was all impatient. I For a moment my attention had loped, firm and steady. They

strained my eyes on the dust that been drawn from the horses. Now must have been cautious.

was now nearing the springs, and I eagerly followed his eyes. Sure We mounted our horses. Jimmy

wondered if Cly and Harvey were enough! There was the telltale strained eyes and ears on the band,

on their horses, ready to begin the dust flying fast, and behind it a as it rushed past us, and quivered chase. But Don calmly sat down lesser dust, showing that Harvey with excitement, but Pedro stood

on a rock and began to talk, more and Cly were riding behind them! calm, hardly paying them a passing

to himself than to me: "He came glance. At the base of the ridge

with his mother four years ago. He Nearer and nearer the boys stopped their sweating

was only a yearling then, but a they came! Yes, there is old horses, and Cly called, "Luck."

pretty smart colt. Then for two "Pall,"his long neck thrust out I waved my hand and followed

years I never saw him. When he from the cloud of dust! The Don at breakneck speed. Still the

came back he had the little bay boys are holding their own, right stallion betrayed no excitement, marc and black horse with him. behind them, riding like the wind. but galloped steadily on. Before

Next he had twenty in his bunch; The stallion easily sustains his we had passed a mile, the three

now there are thirty; an'he got old position. His sharp ears, set back leaders only were before us. Their

Kitchen's three thur'breds."on his mane, tell him where every leader was no longer yellow, but

A smile stole over Don's tanned horse behind runs, and his eyes and like his companions, brown with features as he looked up and said, nostrils choose the forward path. dust and sweat. We evened our

with more enthusiasm than usual, On reaching the ridge, as Don anpace with him, and galloped mile "That yaller is one of the old ticipated, they circled south. Alafter mile beneath the burning sun.

stock, and he'll sire a bunch of real ready some had dropped their tails It was marvelous how Pedro bore saddle horses, saddle horses worthy and were laboring hard, under such a gigantic man as Don. His

of carryin'a real buckayro."Lookgreat excitement, to carry the load square shoulders worked without aing up he said, "They are coming of water they had drunk. But the sign of tiring—butting, butting

now."three leaders were gaunt, and galthrough the dust.

294 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

"The little mare is going,"said As I leaped to the back of his sadIt has been three years since I

Don in a calm voice. dle, he sprang into mine. handled the bit and spur; but now,

Before we had gone a hundred O! how my heart sank, when as I write, the two tassels of golden

yards, her tail sank low; she was I realized why I had been chosen hair, one from his mane and one

making her last efforts. O, it was to go along with Don, and when from his tail, which I wore in my

pitiful to see her labor to keep those I saw Jimmy respond to his debridle buttons, recall the story of fair, white feet going! The galtermined spur, when I saw Don Palmetto's race to death!

lant stallion was like a lover to her, uncoil his rope, with set lips and (Reprinted from an Improveoften turning his head and coaxing determined eye; when I saw that old ment Era of nearly 30 years ago.)

her on by look and example. Palmetto was working in vain!

Slower and slower she went, strainOn he strained, deriving his ing on, the stallion strength keeping always more from his spirit than Jkfercur—Ghost side. effortsat her his muscle. were But her

all, all in vain! She sank lower Now the long rope swings back Town of the

at every leap, until her strength and forth by Don's side. He leans Continued from

was exhausted. With a pitiful forward; his spur strikes the horse's Rockiespage 277

coil flank; a flash, the and, like she to her groan,shudder and sank

it camp. Of course, you can't tell air! the last exWill haunches. darts through look was One

there's that. I think about folmuch eyes straining to Palreach? them, changed and between My

hills. in those ore left The a lot of I spurred black. the metto galloped low it. on beside up Pedro, who,

it as as big was be not may relieved his load, gathered from still Still, pace, the beneath same sabe any won't easily strength followed. and his campbefore—there! the burning withSuddenly, sun said I've I always guess. loons, I aside, the guide for horse my sign the of a black out warning, sulbiggest the of find they'd one is cruel us. hard, between O! as dust fell a leap gave dead long and right state in the deposits phide first felt sight! his has Palmetto a stone. grade, and It be there. low may Still straight forrope. he bounds all for mettle "That's ye!"was were. they are than higher wages life. his straining very Jimward, said. leaned over he and ButDon all;get miners the top to used We stops, his forefeet placed firm my neck. his horse's patted quarter a at and two wanted we stallion leaps in the ground. The Peed, old boy, show "Now, the methods then, a day. But new is face face to forward, and thrown little are a Just worth. you what I guess. think I better, are Oh, strains his captor. back, with He faster; in he's going! a hundred there a there'll be camp maybe saddle, the the the rope, horse but I will reach Peed, yards him! Bothwell's again."Mr. Then Is to are strong. choke going he little get Peed, sonof-a-gun, you far, far away. eyes look one makes No! No! down? He along!"carbide rate, right any now At leap whirls, then forward, wild

and with his last strength bounds lights are driving out the darkness

Drill years. seventeen of and gloom away. I looked upon rSUT its is the old steel into biting way I cried, spur!""Spur! "and had the Palmetto, foaming who are beds, shale teams on working slack."give him his worthiness so gallantly shown are tents the dugway, and new finthe sentence before But was sevenhis free. I of to thought be the Gate Iwhere pitched Golden plain. ished, the lay Palmetto on the reached he before mile had run stood. once saloon his to leaped horse hobfrom Don I finely his shaped ridge. admired It is ghost. uneasy an Mercur there need. ble him, no but was it because was even more body, dead. just stay won't a just rods dead, Palmetto few was sweat; and covered dust and with

his large nostrils more, because they from his home in the mountains!

were full of blood; and him more,

for his mettle and endurance. ixS I looked away to Our Century of

Then, too, his long, flowing mane conceal a tear, I saw a buzzard fly and tail, fresh in the breeze, prefrom one of 'those jagged peaks, Progress in from spirit, sat, like to where it had an evil contrast striking sented such a page 280 ranges; anIndustry- Continued the then over watching covered with his straining body,

sweat and blood. I watched old other came from far away on the women of the world together. But

Pedro, and how I longed to see other side of the desert. Soon there they will take a step in advance of

him weaken! But we nearcd, inch were twenty circling about us. their pioneers when they arrange a

by inch, until just fifty yards ahead When I turned around, Don program which relates not merely of us, the yellow mustang strained. was standing, with his arms locked to the problems of womankind,

"O, Spirit who guards the wild behind him, looking down on the but to the problems of humananimals,"I thought, "save this horse he had killed. Deep sorrow kind.

hero."was plainly written on his sunIn the words of a distinguished

It seemed my prayer would be burned face, but he slowly turned foreign expert who has recently answered, for, as I looked on and mounted his horse in silence. been lecturing in New York, "The

Pedro, covered with foam and As we rode back, we passed the congress will mark an epoch in sweat, I saw that his gait was no black, then we saw the little mare feminine advancement, since it is longer regular, that his short legs trotting along. She stopped and the first time a congress of women

were no longer firm, and that his looked at us. Her glance seemed has proposed to turn the power of

leaps were uneven. His master felt a joyful one, because we did not organized womanhood towards a

it, too. bring Palmetto back a captive, and solution of the major problems of

"Your horse! Quick!"he cried. she quickened her pace to join him. the world."

The Bible Jo Nell's Song The Hunger Song

By Virginia Eggertson By Frances Hall By Hugh Randall Ackley

Q/JVG a song that has been tried, TTLUFF out your petticoa,ts and skip, T TIGH up the slope where dwarfed - J grows. chaparral Nell; Jo has been bom, and lived, and - That by Winter's deep and matted Bent down asters you can do it just saucy died. Show the

snows as well lest, being new, young, oneNot tall pines brood thru the long your toes, wrinkle up your Where theIt sit on the tongue. Twinkle sharply on too

nose, cold night.

Sing a song that knows the road Make your laughter tinkle like a little bellIn the ghastly gleam of the dead Moon's light; bell, your laughter make Like a happy intimately as the toadAs below flung far shadows, majestic Their swell trees the dust the and knows knowsWho

drifted snow silhouette on the black In scampering. you're the time All that ruts the can trust. he knowsAnd the sings, through the Northwind There skip, Jo Nell. And

night long whole weather, the thatSing a song knows strains of the hunger moaning rain Hold up your sunny head and smile, Jo The weird together. coldNight and and

A log will stretch where feet have mired, Nell: song.

A plot of grass where they have tired. Ask the dandelions if they've gold as fine

to sell On the lofty ridge in the cougar's lair

Tell a story long since told. Chatter light as air, patter everywhere. Deep in the glade, in the den of the bear

Born and lived and grown too old. Make the brown leaves scatter as you run Underneath black firs where the bobcat

Tell a story lived too long. pellmell. creeps

Tell a story * * * sing a song * * *. As you run pellmell where the poplars On the wind swept butte where the coyote

How theytelllove your curly head Nature's sleepswild killers, in the white terrain,

And smile, Jo Nell. Join the Northwind's dirge; a hunger

refrain.

To Verna Look afarJo withNell;wondering eyes and dream, The whitegloom.shrouded forest, mantled in

A Sonnet Hear theingardenthe dell;talking and the tall ferns Quickens to echo the death call and doom.

By Alice Lee Eddy Listen to the flowers glistening with The Cougar's gcream and the grizzly's

so short a hunt. talked hunger of the the deer to you in earth and lake You've apprize time in MakeBelieve Will

. dwell, to shathe from lean bobcat's whine sky.GOD and showers; grunt The

You found his word in brook, in flower, In MakeBelieve to dwell by childhood's dows deep, in tree. magic spell, Makes the blood run cold in the mountain

In roar of storm, the golden hum of bee. So look far with wondering eyes sheep.

The matinsong of bird, the night wind's And dream, Jo Nell. The coyote's long wail when it rends the

sigh. air.

All beauty had a meaning in your eye; Strikes fear to the heart of the snowYou understood what I could only see, The Wind bound hare.

of gray dawn shows the snow reverently. benediction earth's The light metAnd

red dyed talked your life made sweet By Ruth Lindsay Brown to you; God

killed have night of the prowlers Where reply. sometimes the wind T LOVE fed. and hearts our nature's All that made moods feel It so fierce and free, makes me

rejoice I sometimes, "wind the hate voice His of modulations the were.the you save from can weak ipower To No feel I its tyranny. Because

noble answer your you by made strong, And living. Where the Northwind chants the dread

By feeling, trusting, serving, loving, givThe best poem of the year will receive hunger song. ing.

You spoke no word, and yet dear friend, a special prize.

I knew, You told me with your smile, God talked to you. Vision

By Estelle Webb Thomas Dawn /N youth he glimpsed a vision bright,

He saw himself a plumed'knight.

By Fava K. Parker Defender staunch, of Truth and Right.

is hilltop the on ir\AV/N it seems, fabric, so dull life's But gold; her drip wings And -*—stuff of dreams to naught Has

ripple fold of her mantle on fold. Music jeans. mail gleaming His do withis—faded

silence silver the Through steed. fiery patient A the borning day beast—his Of

of seed. bag His lips kiss the dark away. of morning words—a Rosy

s need. family growing His winged'cause—a

the Footsteps mountain on jiaal!M5Ciiafci J But as the good brown earth he tills, sings bird And a far

Dawn is bringing melody on fragrant Undimmed, a shining vision fills wings. Bryce—a Poem in Clay The eyes he lifts to God's green hills.

ver A HOBBY for TOM, DICK and HARRIET By CLAIRE W. NOALL

a barklike rapidity would sit straight upCHEEK, cheek!"came

ing little voice. on his little haunches like a piece

"Cheek, cheek!"louder, of petrified wood. Instantly the

and more insistently. others would follow, the older ones

Chatter away old squirrel, remaining in position without athought I, as I sat on the porch of flicker. But the babies—they were

our mountain home. You're a bit too cunning! Unable to keep pernoisy this afternoon, but I shan't fectly motionless, they swayed ever

stir from my lazy nook nor be one so slightly, but give them a littlejot disturbed by all your hubbub. more time—they'll learn.

"Cheek, cheek! Cheek, cheek!"Strangely enough, upon returntattooed a loud staccato in my ears. ing to the canyon the following

Not squirrel, but squirrels, I obsummer, I looked in vain for the served. squirrels. What do you think had

Louder and louder, echo upon taken their place? Living on our

confusion hillside, were some big black blow "Saucy, quarrelsome things! snakes, famed enemy of rodents.

What are you up to?"I gave in I missed the squirrels dreadfully,

to the din of their harsh little but they must have deemed it the voices, pulled myself up, and went better part of wisdom to seek a new over to the other end of the veranda home. However, the snakes were

to see what was going on in the hardly less interesting, and there squirrel family which dwelt among was partial consolation in the the foundationrocks of my openmyriads of chipmunks which playair living room. I never could ed about in the trees in spite of the

resist them! menace. There were some interestTo my amused consternation ing garter snakes in our vicinity,

they had pried open the latch of too. One large female laid her eggs

the outdoor, screened larder, and.in a warm sandy place. A little

there in the woodsie grass of the smaller than a pullet's egg, they yard lay a choice watermelon, of our cabin. The only rent being had soft milkwhite shells, marked

broken into tempting chunks. asked or given was their cheery with semicircular indentations like

What a banquet! The seeds of the company, and even the spreading the eyes of a potato. Stacking the

melon were being split open and mountain maples were wholly at eggs in graduated rows, the snake devoured by these thieving little their disposal. arranged them in a triangular

friends of mine. mound, and then cementing them

The head of this gray bushytail T7OR years I had watched the together with a sticky gelatinelike clan, in all his fat dignity, was not squirrels growing and increassubstance, she covered them with one whit above a loud dispute over ing in number. They became sand and kept them warm and

a luscious seed with his Igreat friendly enough, or hungry enough. moist until the snakelets were

nephew, once removed, one of the (for who knows their real mohatched, little wriggling things babies of the tribe. And so they tives?) to dart up to my side to about four inches long.

went at it, chattering as they snatch a crust of bread, and then But squirrels are my real hobby.

stuffed, this family of squirrels, go scampering away. And amus- I have read their history in books

I made one rustle a shade and have studied them from realfathers, mothers, youngsters—no ing! If

birth control here. They had been too loud among the leaves and life; I have learned when and why

my neighbors for several summers, twigs where I sat watching, in a their coats turn white, and have tenants in fact, for they occupied flash, old man squirrel would give gathered as much information as I what was literally the groundfloor a secret signal and with lightningcan concerning the habits of the

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 297

different species. I raised a bushypacking laborer, who is the crony own lives until their capacity for

tail from the time it was a baby; of capitalists and professionals high fine living is tremendously init ate from my hand, I stuffed up in the scale of legal and medical creased. Some people have a secret

another, seeking aid from a taxipractice, because he makes flies that passion for reading and writing dermist. "land 'em sure."He possesses great poetry. If you are one of them,

And by the way, have you a knowledge of the wily trout, much don't be too secret about it, there is in every his community for a colony to the of Mr. Ictby, sorrow opanhobby? No? Ah—what,can irshare your with you often to be an prove too whom for missingportunity an flies you are

enraptured study! resistible lure to the denizens of love for lyric expression and maSurely there must be something this finny tribe. One hazardous jestic thought. Whatever it is that

you like to do better than most venture from the cool shadows of satisfies your most ardent desire, anything else in the world, sometheir watery paradise, and alas, rest assured that you were made on thing quite aside from your work, they are all too apt to become purpose to indulge in that diverbecause your work is your means victims of his certain ba|it, the sion.

of subsistence, and your hobby hobby of this interesting working well, that's quite different. It is man. A PACKAGE of seeds once

your relaxation and the expression Perhaps you've thought that opened up a new world of of an inner self that might just lie hobbies have come into being just beauty for a friend of mine. Exdormant and be all choked up if for eccentrics to display their eccentremely busy with work land rethat aware she wasn't are insponsibility, didn't develop of tricities. Butyou it by means no—they inan there was within her heart trinsically interest. one's In these interwovenan absorbing with

topsyturvy days, when the world individuality, and individuality cipient desire to grow flowers that is so work-a-day for those who put needs encouragement to be develwas almost bursting for expression in long hours for small pay, and oped, in contrast to the uniformity until she teceived the seeds. She

for those who have problems that is stamping its monotonous planted them; they grew and blosis hermounting to the sky, it is glorious imprint upon our minds and souls somed, and lo—her garden

to be able to look forward to through the gifts of modern inlove and her relaxation.

spending a few moments of leisure vention. The radio and the silver And just come with me jnto the

in doing some things with wholescreen open up a vast and inestigarden of one who didn't need the hearted enthusiasm, and thus renew mable opportunity for education, package of seeds to tell her how the wellsprings of life. understanding, cosmopolitanism, much she liked growing things.

Or if the reverse is true and you and beauty of sound and scene, but Perhaps not so busy, and with are confronted with endless hours unwisely indulged in, there is a more time if not more love, she of unemployment, you can find a potent danger that they may reduce has always been devoted to raising way to pack those hours full of us to antlike sameness, "and anplants. Her garden overlooks a

honest interest and spontaneous other little ant carried another cleft hill. Nothing stands between

feeling. Open the door to the grain of sand, and another little it and the summer sunset or evekingdom of your most vital attracant carried another grain of sand."ning star. Winding paths zigzag

tion. Enter! There is a new We must save ourselves from carrydown the hillside between wild

world of special interest for you ing grains of sand, from filling the mountain shrubs and trees which and all the people whose inner urge same mould as everyone else, and she has transplanted. Alpine flowis in the same field of exploration as from looking out with blank eyes ers whose roots were wedded with

yours. What an opportunity for upon the same aspects of life. mountain soil but a season ago,

friendship, for interesting converNature has endowed some peonow smile up at her as she finds a sation, and for an active participaple with clever hands which are seat in some shady spot where she tion in something real and worthable to execute fine feats in craftscan dream or read. Lovingly she

while! You'll find you haven't manship. Others have an insatiable has laid out her garden. Some

known yourself before, and moredesire to make collections, and if plants like sun, some like shade, over, you never know to what one is not too particular, anything some varieties lend themselves to a good end your hobby might lead. from coins and curios to passports riotous confusion of color, while

will do. Some people have a kinothers are prim and require geoATATURE MAGAZINE, for ship with Mother Nature, who is metrical order for their well being.

June, 1932, tells how Mr. generous indeed to those who This friend of mine knows all their

Tracy V. Buckwalter's hobby took would study any of her various idiosyncrasies, and she's indulgent.

a most unexpected turn. He set specializations. Communion with She doesn't mind spoiling them;

out blackwalnut trees, red oak, nature is a solace to the heart. And she even pampers. And through

sugar maple, white ash, tulip popother people love books. Truly, the long winter evenings she studies

lar, spruce, and pine, near his home world upon world is open to those catalogues and species. Latin nomin Canton, Ohio, because he loved who lose themselves in reading. enclatures don't seem so unbelongthem. They were his hobby. But Vicariously they may travel by air ing when the snow is on the

it turned out that he made a forest or by sea, and they may share ground, and learning them all, she in his spare time; he had planted thrilling adventures and spinemakes pet names of those long

one hundred seventeen acres of creeping mysteries. They may rewords for her flowers.

trees, which took their unrivalled live the past and plan the future; Life can be transformed from

place as the largest reforestation they may know the lives of great dull, gray routine to glowing, viproject in Ohio. characters, historical, and imaginbrating enthusiasm when one has

I heard of another man, a meatary, and they may broaden their (Continued on page 314)

Billion Dollar Scandal Street FortySecond exconvict story of an Melodramatic backstage the of hard drama A discloses manipulation the crookedwho work, anguish that and romance go illegal the the stockmarket and of into the light a opera. of making Plot

oil a rich and lands leasing of by man thin, action slow. scenes are Some the associates. his based Obviously on

excellent, the but overemphasis of affair. adults. for Teapot Good Dome is girls chorus boring and common.

Cavalcade Hello, Everybody in the events of England's march Sincere, story, appealing with Kate effects its the century, 20th upon and as the big Smith bighearted singer and exthe ever what wonder you Do lives in family. Epic English an of cast. the perfectly from farm Family. hibitors pictures think them? of of its its in scope, universal but sweep,

statesuperlative they Because put up Rasputin the and Empress reacindividual personalized through delights superior the ments and of last the long threeheralded At adults tions. for Excellent young and picture, points think every you do of

fanatical play the Barrymore of Rusadults. it all? believe not they you have If

is sian ready. Characterizations monk realized that affects opinion audience ButterflyMadame are excellent. astonishing and An exhibitors, the read what them some of

is this talkappealing and Charming it fascinating said various performance, concerning have cannot be films.

ing version of the wellknown story The quotations just below are from called entertaining, for it leaves one of the tragic love of a Japanese girl the Motion Picture Herald, one of the with a feeling of repulsion. However,

officer. Fine photogleading American for an trade magazines of the init is real, and it is significant. Adults.

dustry. effects. Definitely interesting andraphy

Second Wife Hand Puccini's the lacks music. of magic Desire As You Me inoffensive Slowmoving, of drama

steals the Japanese almost babyThe patrons is only one "There way my social complexities. are thin Motives

picture. Family. is desire for to stay Garbo. her That plot Just and unconvincing. somewhat

No Man of Her Own on the other side of the ocean."another picture. Not for children.

No earthly rieason for tihe title. Grand Hotel Sign of the Cross

Sophistication suggested by drinking, "Good picture, but did not draw. Old story of the court of Nero, in

disrobing gambling, and unnecessary the worst licking I ever took on About contrast the sincerity with of humble the picture a first class waste of makes a big picture."its the Christians, holds outlawed own

time. in Letty the picture. Lynton talking parts Leading

No Other "Woman "Another one of Metro's fine big splendidly cast. Over emphasis on the

Against the background of steel downtown pictures that I wish they vivid and brutal scenes of the arena, mills, the picture paints an ordinary had run exclusive. Without a doubt where the Christians are thrown to the

story of the old triangle, with nothing the worst picture I ever looked at."Starving lions, makes the picture of

original enough to save it from mediSmilin'Through doubtful pleasure. Adults.

is ocrity. play well cast and The tell this us people more "Had was SonDaughter

acted, that is but enough. not Adults, best the seen, picture ever they had Francisco With a setting of San

if any. ever other than have any movie we distincthe picture Chinatown, has a

East of Fifth Avenue shown."tion all its own. Good clean meloInterest centers, in the beginning, on Night After Night drama, in spite of a couple of murders.

the making of American citizens "One of the best pictures we have Delightfully cast. Adults and young

among the foreignborn in New York. shown this year. Made a hit with adults.

From the scenes showing reverence for everyone."Lucky Devils

the flag, love of courage, truth and "A swell picture. The cast was Stunt men of the movies showing

justice, the picture swings to the underfaultless and is this boy Raft "acomtheir superstitions and dangers. Anhanded methods of a ring of politicians ing?"Just watch him. A story with other movie of the movie folk. Too

and gamblers, and the destruction of plenty of thrills and human interest. much drinking injures the story. Too

thir ring. Family. Not enough gang stuff to hurt."exciting for many. Adults and young

Employees Entrance Night of June 13th adults.

The theme is the building up of a "Good. Will please all classes. Nagana

great store department peculiar which shows hodgepodge of supposed ruthlessness the YouCharleycan Grapewinboost this stjsalsand notthe haveshow.to scientificA of the tsetse against machine the human campaign

whose god is power. Some unpleasant hide when the patrons go out. All fly. So many savage elements intersuggestions mar an otherwise good picplayers excellent."mingled as to make the thing inconture. Adults only. gruous and unconvincing. Adults.

Giant Industry The Privilege of Age somethingis pleasant ofto valuerealizeto thathumanity.humanityIt Food: A

By VIDA D. SCUDDER gets along without jme surprisingly By HOWARD FLORENCE

well. And now I can take time to

(Atlantic Monthly ior Feb., 1933) enjoy the color of a daffodil, the dear (Revietjj of Reoiews for Feb., 1933)

in spring, hepatica evasions of an bud years the ago are to people going be HIRTYFOUR I the that Greek amphora. form of years day, pasted seventy Biscuit old some Uneeda CompanyMANY of the longer under tyranny no am

a Psalmist's the because small of picture of the billboards and on

I in the delight take time. Part of

is a idea, crackers a dread bit there of oilskins, in of with box boy largely to beautiful things seems depend

If age. the thatconnected reaching his with and arm. under him Upon find that very on my limitations—I it life business periods, arc carried to into divide a crackers he ofwe kind

is better at in part than looking beauty call as logical to as earnsseems built convenient and which has been much at of the whole. element looking An age. depression a dollars, the inseventy beginning million sixteen old of Much restraint, enter into abstention, of must

age, naturmoisture- written oldhas year. package about been was The

all finer joys. daffodil the can One

life theally, unless for of the prematurely, ends against dampness proof host; the the than whole more mean

is inevitable crackerbarrel experience, the grocer's ageold dampand an is less enters seen, the easily one more life's pantry. challenging. events ness of the consumer's of Overand Most

desire, loveheart's the land of where years, the idea periodare the of rather everyone intervening marspecial—not liness forever. abides youth Even

ries, sales the gets freshness has divorced, dominated of bereavement, knows is there in that the beauty knows allloses kinds. Largely his of job, talk goes for bankrupt, foods knows halfrevealed. parting of sudden A advertising, thedisaster of the never growth want. through people and Some sunlit will a clouds snowfield to reveal

far, crisis. witnessed a so century, special has everytwentiethencounter But sight a greater a be of than memory the lives food transformation a old. of complete long enough growsone who the range. Alpine whole

is It country. this business, habits the a grave entering of whole No

real refreshsources the of of One live, it the age. find sad; people matterold you where you buy Many

is elderly the the renunciation to ment in sealed prefto. closed expect package general can and peoplemost The

its lust greed, the phases: of with two

is products. to barrel erence bag that andassumption everyone open would

lust the for possession achievefor and if business ranksstay of food that always, poswere whole young The is responsibility Escape ment. from latest I first the estimatesible. in of actually America, here seventy am, Now experience. delicious another Comold, in sake, the expenditures being as for neighborhoodyears and own my the are mittees one; without formed

1 I dollars as age, billions annually. others to 7 of ofwell This think want my

It calls old desk more. can one be no

is forthe clothing to the thing spent out than on sum more draw paper—want if a experience. triumphant one Even I thea for rent the combined. plan path and make. must new On New

is shelf, laid realizes the that one on it there are lead alone blankness, exchange heightWill Stock toward York shelf excellent the affords of an view official in fortysix abyss; the beginning? or companiesor end Food

is on. going what class. I First, issue the idea in take the Industry that peak with 1929 At

it is better to be young than old. I In old age, purposes, which have the market value of the shares of these

enjoy being old far more than I did chased us relentlessly, may be laid aside companies exceeded 4 billion dollars, being young, for I feel so very much for the fuller life. Energy can be now shrunk to 1 2/3 billion in the

more alive. Not in my rheumatic transferred. With the time now availgeneral deflation. Even now the Food

body, which hates to get tip and loves able I can explore the fields I had no industry group averages 34 millionto go to bed; is too deaf to enjoy time for before—mathematical physics, dollars each, in comparison with an

theaters, lectures, dinners. It is too Byzantine art, Poincare. What fun! average value of 24 million each for

less acute than of yore? The power in publicly there are deprivation of all worst companies ownedclimb—thefeeble to start on a thrilling mountain What does it matter that memory is the railroads, and in addition to these it survives, is just while of enjoyment, corthe country privatelyownedalthough I on short hikes do go and many

enjoy them. I cannot smell as well as as keen. And memory is just suspendporations whose figures and values are

I used to, and while there arc a numed, not gone. I have known two cases unrevealed.

ber of smells I am glad to escape, like where minds apparently gone were To take a few large companies as gasoline, there are others I miss badly, restored to radiant clarity just before examples of growth of many: in Feb.,

like violets and lilies. But I can still death. Never have I felt more con1898, three important companies

dream of them. vincing proof of immortality. merged to form the National Biscuit

Why, in view of these things, can Those who live deeply always live Company. Subsequent to which other

I say I feel more alive than when by paradox. To gain "The Privilege companies were absorbed and the stock

I was young? Partly because what of Poverty"was to Saint Clare the steadily climbed in value. At one time

messages are brought to me through crowning victory of life. I have writthe stock was worth $263 per share,

the senses, I have time to receive and ten this study of "The Privilege of but in spite of the drop to $40 the enjoy. In the old days, days I could Age"in the assured conviction that company earned 16 million dollars

not stroke a kitten without the guilty this privilege also may be a crown during 1932.

feeling that I should be up and doing of victory. Another interesting company is the

300 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

"General Foods,"grown ifrom the in 1914 that the war would be over the fact that there is a great difference

Postum Company of 1895. Charles by Christmas. between right and wrong. Individual

W. Post, the founder, began by making One fallacy we arc holding concerninterests in business methods must give

a harmless whole wheat and bran ing the change in the tide of affairs is way to a quickening sense of the comdrink; soon he was calling it Postum that a manifest destiny is guiding our mon lot of man. We have been shortCereal and making a great deal of it. country, regardless of what the people sighted in failing to understand that

Two years later he offered his new do, while, as a matter of fact, we are prosperity of the whole can be mainbreakfast food, Grape Nuts, made of not merely observers of a great natained only when the prosperity of ail it. parts is assured. The common weal wheat and barley. From those two tional drama—we are actors in

health foods he became a rich man. Certainly the progress of the nation must be our objective. In trouble it

After his death in 1914, the company has been due to the fact that its men is easy to realize that we arc all one, began to market a third product'and women have believed in somebut prosperity brings an absorption in themhigher than someone thing and selfinterest Post's that joined imPost makes cooperation by Toasties—soon

selves. land the destiny must of a But the Bran company Flakes. By 1925 possible. The peril now concommon

was expanding, having bought out be based, fundamentally, on the charfronting us is that we may be left companies making gelatine dessert, acters who can make a high destiny morally and spiritually bankrupt.

cake flour, tapioca, chocolate, cocoapossible. The year 1932 was the anniversary

nut, decaffeinized coffee, syrup, coffee, The second fallacy is the one of of Goethe and Washington, and there baking powder and salt. And now "economic sovereignty,"which is a are two thoughts expressed by them

it is making a new venture, and promtendency to explain everything which which we might well bear in mind.

ising housewives a list of quicklyhappens through economics. The Goethe said: "What you have inexplanation search for economic an seafoods, of herited fathers poultry, frozen must from your you foods—meats, masterkey financial a conditions and call lose vegetables earn for yourself before can none you and fruits—which lock, is a pessievery will open which "It said, the flavor natural of their it your and provide Washington own."

table with delicious foods out of seamistic attitude, quite the opposite of will be worthy of a free, enlightened, son. Altogether th,is company disthe "manifest destiny"idea. Cerand at no distant period, a great nation,

tributes 80 branded products, some of tainly economic causes arc importto give to mankind the magnanimous which are widely advertised on the ant in tracing the present depression, and too novel example of a people alradio and elsewhere. but they cannot be regarded as indeways guided by an exalted justice and

Other food companies have similar pendent of the activities of the human benevolence. Who can doubt that, in

histories. There can be no attempt being. We cannot change the forces the course of time and things, the fruits

to list all of them. During the years of natural economic law, but we may of such a plan would richly repay any

of depression the market value of the direct these forces toward our desired temporary advantages that might be

Food Industry group has depreciated ends. It is the outstanding distinction lost by a steady adherence to it? Can

less than that of any other except of the human species that it can comit be that Providence has not connected tobacco and perhaps public utilities. mand circumstances to obey its wish the permanent felicity of a nation with

People must eat, no matter what hapand will. its virtue? The experiment, at least,

pens, and the cost of raw materials has The periods of prosperity and deis recommended by every sentiment shrunk during the past three years fast pression through which we have been which ennobles human nature, Alas!

enough to leave a fair margin of profit passing have taught us many things. is it rendered impossible by its vices?"

on the retail cost. Bad competition is One is that we are in danger of losing What we have inherited from our

keen in the food business, but the leadnot only our wealth and material comfathers we read in the words of Washers in the big industries depend upon forts, but also our spirit. No matter ington. The responsibility which our

reputable advertising to keep their what the future may hold, we must heritage places upon us, we find in the names before the public. have trust in our own powers if we are admonition of Goethe.

degree of to face conditions with any Noticeable been has improvement of c<gVsources satisfaction. The untapped foods, in the containers of various made

it being taken for granted that the our power must be called upon. We foods themselves could not be imcannot allow a deflation of the spirit. <Leap Year Customs

proved. Food is put into smaller Instead of dissipating our energies in, Continued from

containers at the same relative cost, brooding over our distress, we must depage 26 3 will the velop courage which and hope less there spoilage being danger from rejester the course, the King. Of to give will the us overcome. thus. offered these large foods by The a presented each with fused, he but should lesson experience our Another industrial as concerns, as well food to according kiss a silken gown, idealand is for renewed teach need us our the are smaller of ones, guaransome

is a the idealism the ism. custom. which Not its teed for distribution quality and

is now becoming jso efficient that all philosophy separate from the affairs of According to a quaint book, over the country are satisfied cuspractical living, but an appreciation of published in London, under the tomers; the bond between producer values greater than any material things. title of "Love, Courtship and Marand retailer is strengthened and the And there are such values—affection riage,"the English seem to have

circles of family groups and of story Industry of within is one the Food as an leapyear the custom taken of the welfare friends, interest in efficiency health, is one and ideals and says: for the author law, unwritten of instinctive appreciation humanity, of interest. it of a part "Albeit, become nowe justice a sense and of beauty, order and

The Turning of the Tide offairconscienceplay, of anddutyintegrityand honor,of character.dictates therelationscommonof lawelife, inthatregardas oftento socialas

By JOHN GRIER HIBBEN "These are the things that men live every leap year doth return, the live on by."them we Without sole privilege during the the ladyes have for Feb., (Forum 1933) never sound surface and of existence, it continueth of the making time

'depression has remained with its depths. I *HE as lookes, either love, wordes or by

have assets the which frozen of us us longer thought of than any One proper; and seemeth to them it depression has the financially, possible, to continue but in helped not only

be entitled no man will the moreover, of spirit. Instead character. that the declared of that been Those who

crisis of 1929 could last only a few scornful attitude toward the oldfash- to the benefit of the clergy who months were no more accurate in their ioned idea of character, we need a redoth in anywise treat her proposal predictions than those who assured us affirmation in thought and practice of with slight or contumely."

<iKe/cMzede Priesthood The New Manual THEChurchPriesthoodin thecommitteenew manualof the quorum.with every Inindividualsmaller wardsmemberperhapsof thea GospelThis Doctrineward committeeClass givecouldreportsin theof

which is just off the press, ansingle man would constitute the comactivity, as there is no particular reason nounces a step forward in the operamittee. The other three committees why tbe women, also, should not

tion of the quorums of the Melchizedek could be organized in exactly the same know what conditions prevail in the

Priesthood. Under the new arrangemanner. ward especially as they pertain to memment the monthly quorum meetings are bers of the priesthood.

to receive a new emphasis, a complete In addition to making this report, order of business of which is given on the ward committee could inform thethis page. Reasons Why Tithing Should stake committee in order that it, in

On account;of the fact that many Be Paid turn, could make its report.

including here para- a few finding an difficulty We are had havewards a letter A Weekly Thought on Tithe Paying graphs has been which from group the weekly for timeappropriate a plan by means meetingactivity of By DR. FRAISKLIN MADSEN, B. Y. V. Bishopricssent to Presidenciesof Wards: of Stakes and may be meeting activitywhich that

combined with the Gospel Doctrine 1. God has commanded that all "To obviate some difficulties enclass of the Sunday School is suggested. members of His Church shall "pay onecountered by the stakes in the holding

Under the old method activity groups tenth of all their interest annually.'of Priesthood group or activity meetof the quorums of the Melchizedek (Doc. and Cov,, Sec. 119, Verse 4.) ings at various times, it is recomPriesthood met at 9 o'clock Sunday 2. Tithing is a law of the land of mended by the Council of the Twelve

morning or at.11:30. In some cases Zion. This is definitely stated as foland approved by the First Council of

''Those lows: gather unto who satisfacseemed hours these the Seventy Presiding of Bishopric neither and the

tithed shall their land Zion be of of another. The or reason that the activity one for or meetings of group tory shall properties, surplus observe and members that is made Priestboth suggestion Melchizedek Aaronic now and this shall law, not they or be found

of groups Melchizedek various the be held of the hood during quorums may you.'to abide worthy (Doc. among

the ward may meet with the Gospel and Cov., Sec. 119, Verse 4.) Sunday School hour from 10 to 12

Doctrine Class of the Sunday School. 3. The paying of tithing is proved o'clock."

In that case, however, the Gospel Docto be a basic, voluntary, ethical, ra- "The other period precedes 10 than a tional, will more finbecome procedure moral and trine Class of o'clock morning. Sunday wards Those

is, thereorganization, of ancing an and meeting activity it the will.be class, are acholding which successful now natural dividing fore, a system and of well. as the groups tivity a. meetings 9 to from 9:50 m. distributing commodities and moneys class the of the time this plan Under on presas continue at should Sunday within people. a group of then minutes, a few extended will be ent unless greater they think good may 4. tithing establishes paying The of fifteen than not more each Sunday be accomplished acthe combining by resultant habit a a moral moral and for used class time be of may minutes tivity the class life. recitation with work

secactivities. The group of reports during the period School Sunday from 5. the observance The law of of his will keep group the of ward retary 1 1 It tithing 2. to carefully to should direct has noted, be a the tendency

his quorum, present those roll from of individuaVs attention toward obthe that however, these activity when School the of secretary Sunday the and inother servance fundamental and of precede the meetings School Sunday class. entire the of a roll tegrative laws, principles to will keep and and session foe they should dismissed no

is appreciative the plan more him this make those where of wards In a. later than 9:55 m. their sources origin perpetuand of the ward of meeting separate a used

ation. "It also should be that remembered unnecessary. will be activity group

is 6. tithing paying The an index in of those inwards choose to which will place naturally, system, This Saintship. to corporate the activity the with work the Monthly greater emphasis upon 7. individual tithing The who pays class period, the time be extended must meeting. Quorum cheerfully is happy.

ten fifteen or that so minutes the minare well stakes or is quorums jtithing 8. Where divine, law The a of

organized there is no thought of makuseful and equitable law and induces imum of 45 minutes lesson work may ing any change this year except to like qualities in the individual who still be retained. Under these circumplace a new emphasis upon the pays it. stances the quorum secretary or group

9. tithing paying tends The to secretary of give credit should for attendMeeting. Each monthly Quorum eliminate selfishness and makes men at ance activity the meeting the and still to maintain activity group is ward spirited. tnore generous secretary atSunday School the record viz: committees, its four permanent is 10. tithing a vital paying The of tendance at the session. School Sunday Activity, Welfare, Personal Church faotor the toward establishment of

Class Instruction, and Miscellaneous. essential missions and the perpetuation This applies to the Melchizedek as well

Here is a suggested plan which, in of the great fundamentally important as to the Aaronic Priesthood.

the opinion of the Priesthood ComLatter-day Saint Missionary and Con- "Definite instructions relative to rectact System. keeping, well. ord to specific mittee, duties of work quowould The quotithing 11. The paying is one of of officers, basis stake leaders, organized be rum committees, group on a rums may laws, the God's observance which of

etc., committees. four will be in the Priestpermanent found with these new certain blessings. brings needed

For instance, the stake may have a 12. The observance of the law of hood Manual, copies of which may be Personal Welfare Committee made up tithing stimulates charity—that greatobtained at the Deseret Book Comas desired. This committee could have est and most essential of all spiritual pany. Price: $1.80 per dozen; single

a list of the names of all members of qualities—and urges its practice in all copies 20c; 2 copies for 35c; postage

the quorum in the stake and could affairs of life. prepaid. From The Council of the

work through the ward committtee Twelve.

302 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

Quorum Duties Emphasized in New Manual npHE "Priesthood Manual, a Hand- "7. To become better acquainted "3. Singing.

book for Quorums of the Mclwith one another, and thereby hury "4. Reports of committees:

chizedek Priesthood,"which is now envy and hard feelings and foster kind- "a. Regular committees. At this

ready for distribution, outlines in a liness and appreciation. time one or more of the standing commost comprehensive form the duties "8. To sense the security that comes mittees (Personal Welfare, Church Acand the procedure of the quorums of from union. tivity, Class Instruction, and Miscelthe higher priesthood. Considerable "9. To aid one another to become laneous) should give a brief written

space is devoted to the monthly quosuccessful in temporal matters. report and recommendations.

rum meetings and to the duties of the "10. To attend to current business "b. Special committees. Under this

four standing committees. pertaining to the quorum, and to make heading committees should be appointIn speaking of the monthly meeting the group an efficient organization in ed for special projects. * * *

the manual says in part: promoting the Kingdom of God on "5. Consideration of quorum duties

"The monthly quorum meeting is earth."relative (1) to established meetings,

indispensable to quorum success. InEssential elements in the success of (2) Needs of missionaries, of missiondeed, without this association of memthe monthly quorum meetings were aries'families, (3) Needs of members,

bers in a common purpose there can listed in the manual as follows: etc.

"1. consciousness. developedbe no quorum convenient hour. A "6. assignments and apFurther * * * "2. purposes the of monthly The suitable assembly room, A pointments.

are: meetingsquorum in the "3. Promptness opening

"7. of principles of Consideration "1. clear the place make To of the meeting.

in the Church.quorum "4. A presidency united and well conduct"At everyor of monthlycurrent events.meeting there improve individual stanprepared. "2. To

for the presentation of be time living. "5.dards of An order of business followed should

inspirational a timely, topic. How "3. despatch. consider current events. with To

left shall shall treated this to the be be "4. "6. receive reports of services To worthwhile program. A presiding initiative of the judgment "7.rendered and for assignments to make sense of obligation to the A

officers committee. or of the programthe coming month. members."quorum

"5. To foster true fellowship in The suggestive order of business for Some quorums consider one theme for

the Brotherhood of Christ. the monthly quorum meeting given in twelve consecutive meetings, others

"6. To set free the spirit that it the manual is as follows: take up a special topic for each.

may be more responsive to the prompt- "1. Singing. "8. Singing.

ings of the Holy Spirit. "2. Prayer. "9. Benediction."

High Priests of Wasatch Stake Report /UR High Priests'Quorum has been for the Gospel Doctrine class in Sunday rollment of 163, with an attendance organized under the new plan School. of 40% for the quarter ending Sept.

for two years. We have a group leader Our group leaders meet monthly 3 at Stake Priesthood meeting. About

to direct the labors of the committees with the ward correlation committee. 10% of our members are aged and

in each ward. We have not been as Our instructions to the commiittees indisposed and are unable to attend

successful as many others but we are have been for them to follow the meetings.

interested in the work and our quorum presidency meet each week to discuss instructions given in the guide for the Our committees did some commendways and means for the advancement Melchizedek Priesthood. While we able work visiting the sick and renderof the quorum. Our committees have have not reached the standard outlined ing assistance in many instances. An

visited the members of the quorum the we have a better condition each year. increasing spirit of fellowship and

week before Stake quarterly conference, We have a report sent to our quorum good feeling is very apparent. A, Y.

also the week before the uniform lesson secretary monthly. We have an enDuke.

High Priests of Idaho Falls Stake Undertake Church Service

TjOR some time past thoughtful men for missionary assistance. If possible,

'*'have foreseen that missionary exassistance will be rendered several if pense could not much longer continue I Want Peace it is found they can go, if part of their a exclusivelyto be considered family By Ardyth Kennelly expenserather thanis assureduse thefromentireotheramountsources,for rational a Therefore,responsibility.

plan would be for Quorums of the T WANT peace. one representative.

Priesthood in the Stake from which -'- Don't look for me. The details of the project were conthe missionary goes, to render financial (There'll be a hill, veyed to the members of the Quorum

assistance. There'll be a tree, by means of a circular letter sent out

Service the and Committee Church by Presidency Stake the request of By goat a white And at enclosed they the time a mimesame Priests Idaho ofthe Quorum High flowers. Nibbling issue reprint the August ographed from this question. considered StakeFalls in sunshine. Leaping

entitled of Eta Improvement "A The result, vote, unanimously they a by the hoursAs Drowsing pledged themselves to contribute, at Challenge to High Priests.

the following Quorum meeting, one Up on the hill, The High Priests have accepted this dollar, more or less, as a nucleus; and, Under the tree * * *) project as an opportunity and a duty;

thereafter, a monthly contribution of I want peace. the Seventies and Elders Quorums of

fifty cents. From these funds thirtyDon't look for mc. the Stake are planning to adopt the

five dollars monthly will be set aside same plan. Jacob T. Trayner.

(Liaronic 'Priesthood Special Notice suggestions) for better story telling; inAfter more than 100 years these

structions in Priesthood quorum protlaims are no longer heard, but beCorrelation Committee cedure, and other important informacause of remarkable evidence having

Organization, Meetings tion. The books have been priced at been developed from many angles, the

AND Reports 10 cents in order that they may be "world today is beginning to realize is all entitled that the available to of should members. "Book They Mormon"of the report monthly examining

clerks place to a the records be stake ordered important through from among submeetings teaching and ward office civilizations. past Presiding the the Bishopric, of of

it clerks, stake theINmitted by years the ruins past issued. the instructions In already unto is according few

a quite that of observed number in lesson Central tovered Mexico Priesthood and Melchizedek books and correholdingwards are not monthly are additional Deseret sold the America have brought only by Book Southlation meetings.

(evidence the are truth of not of this remarkable handled through and Company, the correlation of importance The office the Bishopric. book. the Presiding of

it affects asplan between young men has of been "Book The Mormon"ofthe ages years cannot be 12 and 20 is in ipublished languages, and many it is of sincerely Sketchesoveremphasized, and ThumbNail the phases of bne most of important presidencies that stake andhoped ward missionary our work. History Church that see willbishoprics organizations

Priesthood Aaronic Supervisors effected in stake theare immediately outstanding direct anniversary of this should attention annito 'npHE all stake so the of ofand the wards versary during of March. History in the month of Church the month reguthesethat will meetings held be

is that publication of the of Marchlarly the activities each of month, and the correlation committee carried out the "Book of Mormon."This ocMarch in Church History

in the before curred long not 1830, las outlined. in following events important npHE organized. exact was Church The misunderstandshould be no There in occurred History have Church date recorded. not been After has to as the proper organizationing and the March: month effort diligent years part of of on the correlationplan of and work. program 1, March born Woodruff 1801—Wilfordof the his Joseph Prophet and Smith

at the the Connecticut. personnel functions of Farmington, andThe

'associates in translation preparation, 8, March made Whitmer stakeward are committees very and 1831—John this publication, record important and first Historian. Churchclearly in issued outlined the pamphlets

the to given world. was original 18, First March office this re- 4, April and 1931, 1832—Theby

Presidency It the of organized; printed Church in Palmyra, was New thestated in the minutes Aaronic of President; Joseph Smith, RigSydney still in a that building York, standsPriesthood of Conventions April and Frederick Williams, don and coun- G. street. the perProphet main On The April,October. 1931, 1932. and The selors.

sonally setting supervised the the of theseminutes of conventions were dedi27, March Temple 1836—Kirtland other type to preparations and make cated. to presidencies stakemailed and ward

isure that nothing should go wrong Society 17, organized in March carebishoprics should been and have 1842—Relief this important work. President; Smith, at Nauvoo: Emma isfully It reference. preserved for

Eliza Secretary. R. the Snow, of Book was When Mormon that are notrecommended all who baptisms for 20, March it published, ridiculed and was 1842—Eightyfamiliar refirst correlation the plan with the dead, in Mississippi performed first 'attacked, as stolen been having carefully. these minutesview Monthly River Smith. Joseph later writer, as another from havandreports the stake to the from wards elected 12, March Young by 1849—Brigham written ing been Smith Joseph by and State the Deseret. of of Governor required, simitar are atommittee and

others with no other basis than their March Cowdery died at report thetnonthly stake to the from imaginations. 5, 1850—OliverMissouri. Richmond, Bishopric,Presiding as in the own requested

original plan.

It is hoped that when the reports of 'inxMfjr(:.'S!!********''"f 1

ward teaching and meetings are received for the balance of this year that all fwards of the church will report the monthly correlation meeting held.

The Presiding Bishopric.

Use o Lesson Outlines Urged npHE Presiding Bishopric has urged upon stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood leaders the desirability of having all quorum members supplied with the new lesson outlines. These

outlines are up to date in every respect and are invaluable to members of the

Priesthood. They contain in addition

lessons for each week; a leadership

guide for supervisors; a brief Church

chronology for members of the Aaronic Graves of the Three Witnesses

Priesthood; instructions in teaching David Whitmer Oliver Cowdery Martin Harris

genealogy in Priesthood quorums; Richmond, Mo, Richmond, Mo, Clarkston, Utah

304 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

March effort every to of his boys have the 6, 1862—Salt Lake Theater dedicated. in active work. ward Primary Where

In the Constitutional of Convention 1849 taking a course in Prinot boys are the State at Salt Lajce of Deseret met it is the the supervisor mary, duty of City.

In 1852 San Bernardino, California, was to properly prepare these young men founded by L. D. S. Pioneers headed for ordination to the Priesthood. As

by Charles C. Rich and Amasa M. a matter of orderly procedure, graduLyman. ations from the Primary to the Aaronic

In 1868 the University of Deseret, now Priesthood and to scouting are recomthe University of Utah, opened. was

this(During in 18 69 month the Union mended1st, Septemberto be made1st andMarchDecember1st, June1st Pacific to completed Ogden. was

of each year. Supervisors and Primary

Iguide leaders should anticipate these iPrimary Cooperation graduation dates in order that proper

Ipreparation might be made. The grad-

A SPECIAL campaign to bring uation exercises should be held in the about effective cooperation beSacrament meeting with the supervisor tween the Aaronic Priesthood Superand the Primary officer presenting the visors and Primary Leaders in all the boys, who have become 12 in the wards of the Church is one of the preceding three months, and who have plans of the Presiding Bishopric for been properly prepared for ordination increasing Aaronic Priesthood activity to the Priesthood, to the bishop who in 1933. the presents to then congregation them Gilbert Major John the plans already announced, Under ordination approval. The may Typesetter Book of first of Mormon (for

arethe Associations conductPrimary (then in the be Sacrament meeting made ling (Special courses in their Guide Aaronic Priesthood, its place in the or in the quorum meeting where the

Classes for boys between 11 and 12 Church today. Church organization, boys should be presented to their quoyears of age designed to prepare them the Word of Wisdom, Articles of rums and accepted by them. It is

for ordination to the Aaronic PriestFaith, the Ten Commandments, ordibelieved that this plan will greatly inhood and for membership in scouting. fnances of the Priesthood and other crease the number of 1 2 year old boys

Under this plan Aaronic Priesthood fundamentals. The records show that ordained to the Priesthood and what

Supervisors, assigned to Deacons, are the percentage of boys who continue is more important, impress upon them urged to contact all boys, as they in Primary until they are graduated to the sacredness and importance to them become 1 1 years of age, in their homes the Aaronic Priesthood is not really of this privilege.

land preferably in the presence of their as large as it should be. In order that

parents. The purpose of the visit is levery boy should have the benefit of Priesthood CampaignIto explain to the boys the purpose of the training provided in the Primary

tthe Aaronic Priesthood, its place in the Association, there should be the closest A CAMPAIGN to increase interest

Church, something of its history and cooperation between Aaronic Priestand activity among Aaronic its importance in the life of every hood supervisors and Primary officers Priesthood members is being conducted

Latterday Saint boy. The boy should for the purpose of checking carefully by the Aaronic Priesthood Committee

be urged to continue in the Primary on every boy and visiting him with of Ensign Stake. The campaign covers

Association until he has graduated and encouragement to complete the Primary two periods: one from November 1st

is ready to be ordained a Deacon. Course. to January 31st, and the other from

In the Primary Association the leadThe responsibility of training young February 1st to May 15th. During

ers conduct a regular course approved imen for ordination to the Priesthood each period points were awarded for by the Presiding Bishopric. This still remains with the Aaronic Priestvarious Priesthood activities with prizes

course includes the history of the hood supervisor. He should make being provided for the best activity

among the Priests, the Teachers and ithe Deacons, each group competing separately. In addition, special recognitions were provided for each individual of any quorum who was

awarded a total of 1,750 points. The

basis for awarding points was as follows:

Points Attendance at Quorum meetings 30

Attendance at Sacrament meetings -40

Attendance at Sunday School 20

Attendance atM. I. A 20

Attendance at Seminary 20 Filling a quorum assignment 10

Bringing lesson book to meeting 5

Bringing in a new member 50 Revive inactive member 50 The contest was based on the number of possible members of each quorum living in the ward. At the conclusion of each period a Stake Aaronic

Priesthood social is held where the prizes are awarded, a special program lis presented, and light refreshments served. The reports thus far indicate

Where part of Book of Mormon was translated splendid results from the campaign.

lard and Stake ra "Directors his is Tour opportunity

is invery much THEERAIMPROVEMENT Evas of the sort pictured here; \ HOLLYWOOD WAf\D otherods andwardsdevices,used allotherof whichmeththe terested in methods

inare interesting, are but we stake Eta 'used ward and hy in terested which in the manner the in selling directors magaitself prewas magazine the CD A

I zine. the Church Throughout t:r\A sented, gifted are there unusually some

salesmen who have practically Therefore:

closed up the 193233 camWe are going to pay five paign. More than 200 wards dollars for the best review of

have gone over the top, althis March number of the though only five stakes in the Improvement Era which we

Church have made the grade as receive on or before March 20.

yet. Several others, however, The review lis not to exceed

declare that they will not give 800 words in length; it must

up until the task is finished and be written or typed on one side there are Eva& up to the quota of the paper only, and must be or the Stake stake. the signed Ward throughout by

review. the Director stakes that have 1 making The five

now exceeded their quotas are, We reserve the right to print in the order in which they went over the top: the winning review and will pay the same price

Snowflake, 248, quota; Moapa, 222, quota; for any other review we print in the Improvement

Juarez, 89, quota; Union, 137, quota; HollyEra. The review is to take the form of a sales talk

wood, 484, quota. in which the salesman presents The Improvement

One California ward hand printed miniature Era in the way he thinks is best.

SALESMEN AND SALESWOMEN EVERYWHERE SHOULD PARTICIPATE! Write the review for the fun of it and the experience—You may also win a

five. Do it now!

SUGGESTIONS

1. Be prompt. 5. Do not stress "duty."

2. Mention all of the features of the magazine 6. You may quote brief testimonials, but they

that in your estimation have pull. are not required.

7. See that your name and address are on the

3. Use any approach you like. manuscript.

4. Be sincere. 8. No manuscripts will be returned.

Address all manuscripts to The Improvement Era Sales Contest 47 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah MlUinUAL MESSAGES txeckWe i)epartmenr\ Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General PresidencT

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. 1. A.

SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET ALBERT GEORGE FOX, RUTH MAY RICHARD R. LYMAN, CANNON, LUCY GRANT

MELVIM'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

The Retold Story ofwards"Buildingbut onetheparticipatedM. I. A."inandwhichthe auall andressedold timein oldfashioneddance followedcostumes,the dramaticand

view of the fact that there still dience numbered 600. The Era camsketch.

appears to be some misunderstandpaign has been carried on with fairly The Stake Boards are now working INing concerning the difference begood success, all the officers having the on a drama, and every subscriber to the tween a retold story and a reading, magazine in their homes. Most wards Era will be given two free tickets. There

we emphasize the following excerpts are holding Sunday Evening joint sesis cooperation and activity in the Stake from our Community Activity Manual sions and using the Era program. The which could not fail to make a success

and our current year's Supplement: Stake recreational program, consisting of the M. I. A.

"The retold story is to be given of plays and dances (one or two a in successful, informally seven the words is unusually and simply month) of the storyteller endeavors tickets, havSunday Evening Joint Session season at 50c each who to hundred 'express the ideas of the author. Aling been sold. The wards sell the tickets for March

though the use of direct conversation and receive half the proceeds, the other

Subject: Mas- "The there a speech enlivens should be little half the expenses going to defray

Experiences action. of the (GENERAL-"ter's Earth at as a Resurpretense dramatic made entertainments. 1000 people About

What memorizing there is consists were present at the Christmas dance, rected Being."chiefly in recalling consecutively the seventyfive dollars being taken in at 1. Singing—"O, It Is Wonderful."points in the plot development. It is the door in addition to the season tick- 2. Prayer—An M Man. true, too, that after one has told a story ets. The Gold and Green Ball was 3. Singing—"How Great the Wisover and over again, he comes to adopt scheduled to follow soon. dom and the Love."(Though the

certain words and phrases and repeat The Monroe South Ward presentasacrament will not be administered, them each time he tells the story. He tion of "A Night in '47"was most this hymn seems especially appropriate,

acquires them as a part of his vocabusuccessful, five hundred and fifty people as does the one suggested for the closlary and (unconsciously they come to being there, and about thirty people, as ing number.)

belong to him."well as thirtyfive bandmembers, tak- 4. Presentation of the Slogan.

verbatim memorized A story is a ing part. A large part of the crowd riences5. Address—"Theon the Eastern Master'sHemisphereExpereading, a retold story. Also note not

the following steps in the preparation 1 5 minutes—An M Man. of a story for retelling: 6. Soprano Solo—"I Know That

Read the story through carefully.. The Aims of M. L A. My Redeemer Liveth,"from the

Close the book. A Sonnet "Messiah."

Master's ExperiAddress—The

the Western Think it through as clearly as posBy BERTHA A. KLEINMAN ences7. on Hemisphere."sible.

Refer to the text again for clearing nnO Richer, Fuller, Deeper live my day, A Gleaner Girl. up of situations. -* To know the right and do it, come 8. Singing—"Behold the Great Remay. what deemer Died."outline. Write an

live it as I go, by faith and walk 9. Benediction. Decide on heart the dusk some through may elimination of unnecesToThat sary details. feel its glow. The M Man and the Gleaner Girl

Decide on quotations to be used. To fill each hour with Truth that, as I who make the address should really put

Do not memorize the words of the climb, their hearts 'into the work of preparaauthor except in the case of quotations. l/Vo rankling spite can desecrate my time, tion. The Master returned to his

Tell it again and again until it To scorn no toil if it be mine to do. followers in Jerusalem and lived inbecomes a part of you. To give my best and let my works ring timately with them for a time. His

true. acts at that are audience, for words it to the time them. and Tell of not

life zeal give shall that brim Richer my all great interest is To a to those as period our contest Inasmuch who have strife; the of grapple Handicaps with To

desire all to leaders burning prospective something of at hand, and know now all heart of hands mine and That and my entrants in story telling will please soul the life after death. His experiences

take note of the above. Shall yearn the master heights of selfare unique in history, for no other

control; person, so fas as is known, has lived

live each Fuller, Deeper To Richer, so day—as a resurrected openly being upon South Sevier Stake

of This shall encrown the Aims I. A. M. the at the earth known same of many

is Sevier to proving Stake COUTH time. experiences His the Westupon Inscribed in tribute address of to Richall this active the season, be very to ern Continent he the appeared when ard of Council R. Lyman, Wember part carrying the out major wards are of Nephites also Lamanites and I. delivered at the Twelve, Meeting A. M.

of the suggested program and accomof the Maricopa Stake Conference, Sunday unique. The Gleaner Girl who makes

plishing gratifying results. All wards Evening, Nov. 20, 1932, 'at Mesa, Arithe speech will find helpful material in

are fully organized and held opening zona. Chapter IX, page 102, of the Gleaner,

socials on time, followed by a program 193233 Manual.

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 307

courses have been chosen by your to carry on most successfully, and also > group? about any unique social or recreationalAdults In addition to answering the above activity you have conducted. Please

questions we hope you will tell us what do not fail to give your recommendaStart Planning Now For part of the program you have been able tions for next year."

Annual Banquet—April

Fourth SeniorsJN many wards a banquet near the close of the season already has questions: Twenty sides, choose one beSuggestions an established event the highest ofcome side chooses object, place, thing or

social interest in the Adult Depart- 1. The season is coming to a close. the other side may ask twenty questions,

ment. We recommend it as a most Class discussions and social evenings to guess the object, as. Is it animate, is it

suitable climax of the year's social proshould be given special preparation to located here? Answers are to be yes or

gram. make them more interesting than ever. no.

The Adult Department Activity 2. Now is the time to organize for An introductory game. Give each

Committee should set to work at once summer activity. Plan to meet occaperson who comes, twenty safety pins,

under the direction of the Department sionally. Give your baseball team a jelly beans, or ordinary beans, to act

Leaders to make careful plans for this chance to show their skill. Plan a hike, as money. The object is to get as much

supreme festival. Subcommittees a picnic, a swim or a dance for the money as possible before whistle blows.

should so that be appointed degroup activity. no as a summer anyone present any Method—Ask tail, essential for the success of the oc- 3. Prepare your program for an question. The be given answer must

casion, shall be overlooked. The menu evening of hobbies, so that as many m rhyme or pay a penalty.

need not be elaborate or expensive. Apmembers of the class take part as posVirginia Reel.

propriate decorations, also inexpensive, sible. Demonstrate a number of hob- 5. After ward and stake honor days,

and a well thought out, cleverly executbies. Assign in advance willing memit may be necessary to have an especially

ed program of toasts, music, etc., will bers of the class to give a demonstration attractive evening planned to get your

make it a fun fest for all. Let the major and tell their own hobby, or if they crowd out again. It might be well

objective be to foster a warm spirit of have none, one that they believe they to plan your social evening for the prosociability that shall unite all in true would like to have. How could the gram to follow the honor nights.

fellowship. Be sure that all who are possession of a hobby help to keep one 6. Perhaps even now you find that

eligible are invited to attend. Let no in balance if he were out of work? the attendance has decreased somewhat.

one be forgotten. Especially those who 4. For social evening 6, here are The problem of attendance will necesare socially timid should be encouraged games that use all of the urges: sitate constant effort, more so in this

to come. Acting charades, as: Ingray-tishedepartment than in any other because of

ate; Kingdo (u)m; Indep-enddence; the nature of the Seniors'interests and

Important hypnotizeHip-noties. Book Bindertheir many activities. Then, too, they

- Bookbind-her; Alternate Allturn- have in not been the habit of regular repeat the request following We eight. attendance. is It to to us up help last the issue in of the Eramade and

little boy has acquire who this them habit. all are so Pantomine—A We all thaturge failed to respond have who apples, green an stalled automobile in creatures habit, much of rather dewe at once: sodo

traffic, a person forgets his or her who it pend them. on So to us behooves like Adult Committee would "The at speech an entertainment. help Window Senior our to group acquire the benefit the direct suggestions of and shopping. blind the street. on man A habits want to we them have. Keep up all Stake from andcomment Ward traffic etc. policeman, A your on attendance. work Leaders in the planningAdult program

for next year. Will you, therefore, in the

light of your own observations and exgiveperience reaction to us your now the present and program recomyour MenGleaners -- for year's nextmendations M program?

Please address your letter to: Social Obligations during and great singing."A young girl stood

M. L A. Adult Committee at a window in a far distant country, Courtship Street East South 47 Temple but to looking the same star—asking Salt City, Lake Utah "Star, life will what to me? Subject Por MenGleaner the "M"

help Kindly the folanswering us by asking after night done for April Program night—neverbring questions:lowing asking."

1. Are statement in this you particular lesfollowing this year's '"PHE first That it condreaming—how as presented?program interesting. son itself is unusually with Be cerns love one's own; with

2. Is there Activity sure a Community one's but own love, one's own that it is read intelligently and with—true,Committee in your understanding. M. I. A.? life, one's future. own 3. Does this Committee conduct the Talk by Gleaner—"The Qualities Love is a disease, it is catching. All

work during the second period in the Girls Admire In Young Men."humanity is at sometime in life suscepAdult Department? "It was the evening star that did it. tible to this delightful though treach-

4. Have you an Adult Department Such a steadily glowing star shining erous disease, but if the person from

Activity Committee in your class? down out of an amber and blue sky whom we catch it is the right type for

5. Does the Adult Department Ac- a glory flooded her being—a glory and our personality, then the experience

tivity Committee conduct the socials a rapture. All at once, as in a dreammay be beautiful and lasting. If the

and project work on the first Tuesday ing, she saw—under the star everyyoung girlsof today are wise and inevening of each month? where—love in the world, love for telligent in their selection of friends of

6. Which project or projects are you everyone lighting every life with an unthe opposite sex, then the choosing of

emphasizing? failing radiance, lifting everyone up. a mate will be a happy thing. Most

7. Which appreciation course oi lifting faces, lifting eyes; bringing joy young women have been dreaming

308 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

since their early girlhood of the ideal character and personality that a young appreciation, that all doors will fly young man. They have very definite man may possess to attract and thrill open to her and she will be welcomedi

ideas as to what a young man should the opposite sex. But it is advisable everywhere without introduction. The

be to measure up, and unconsciously to look prayerfully about for the coldest hearts will be warmed, and the'they are living up to their own better young men who have lasting and genstubbornest natures subdued by the selves in order to be worthy of the atuine qualifications. Who knows when charm of her beautiful soul. In thetention of the young man who reaches he may be stripped of his physical presence of such young women, young,

position their introduced, as it were, are to their men charm—singing

are. the larger better selves. voice—goodbe left? Will and what will then Impulses and Weideals.readily learn physical law—that

fire burns, that cold freezes, that ice fine personality and spiritual strength stirred which were never stirred before melts. We vaguely learn a few spiritstill remain to keep warm those first and life takes on a higher and nobler

fires of youth and hold the respect of meaning. ual ones—that love begets love—that

hate begets hate, that we receive in his mate throughout all the eternities.''What a great American said of our

proportion as we give. But there is The courting and mating time is one of wives and mothers might also be said,

one basic, primal, all important law life's happiest and greatest adventures. of young women and their influence on

is the law of human Through prayer and intelligent choosthe lives of young men: "From theof life—and that

blend, the law upon which harmonious ing of one's friends, life may be filled hearthstones around which linger the companionship is based, on which with the realization of the loveliest recollections of our mothers, from the courtship and marriage should be dreams and promises. firesides where our wives await us,

founded. "The characteristics in girls which come all the purity, all the hope, and:

"To make this clear, let us imagine attract young men"is the subject of all the courage with which we fight the earth moving through space on its the talk to be delivered By an M Man the battle of life."

young, unpeopled way. A lovely at the joint April M MenGleaner meetyoung breeze blows up and goes sailing ing. It is a subject of broad scope, Send For Play Booklet

gaily across green fields till it runs up because young women possess innuagainst another breeze going in the merable appealing characteristics, some We hope you have already obtained!

same general direction. They blend inof which attract some young men and the playlet from the General Board

to each other and race on to the others which attract others. A few Office which is to be used for the April

meadows, kissing the flowers, topping general characteristics, however, can be program demonstration. If not, send'

the long stems till they sway happily, given which attract. young men generstamped, selfaddressed envelope.

bending the shrubs, playing in the ally, viz: a charming personality, a fine

the blue sea, character, treetops, out across and high ideals, neatness, and Lethbridge M MenGleaner in their its surface such qualities. and leavingrippling

wake lively little whitecaps dancing Marden has said "to be able to throw Banquet in the mist. Now that's a correct matthe searchlight of a superb personalitying. But just suppose that venturebefore us, wherever we go through life, The Annual M MenGleaner Bansome little breeze should run squarely and to leave a trail of sunshine and quet and Ball of the Lethbridge Stakeup against another breeze going in the pleasure behind us; to be loved because M. I. A., was held at Lethbridge, the

opposite direction, and instead of passwe scatter flowers of good cheer wherhall being tasefuUy decorated in blue ing each other by after a bit of a skirmever we move,"therein lies the power and white. The Lethbridge Ward Reish, they, stop and mingle. Instantly of attractiveness. You will notice that lief Society ladies catered for the banquet. is raised is goodna- a popular young woman havewe a whirlwind—dust

every I. A. organfrom Members M. she has a word, kind they are tured and cheerful; snapped headsdaisy off—and

present in the Stake ization which were for carrying a smile, nothing, look air or or an encouraging about the inup everything they touch to destruction. all who need sympathy and encouragein the case of the Calgary ward entailed

Now that's an incorrect mating. ment, and therein lies her ability to a trip of approximately three hundred

"Every human being is as much set awaken the happiest possible emotions and twenty miles. The affair was a desuccess, and hundred between two call out the best and cided in others and course as was the individualon an

three persons being hundred fifty and is in that them. to highest is intended breeze,little and each

present. imthe and banquet During is outstanding Selfrespect the his naof one out following right alonggo

a splendid mediately following program a seeks a in characteristics people, young to man refer normaltural bent—I a included stunt enjoyed, which was selfgreater her against woman. runs young The he upnot defectives—till were organization. Toasts each from is her greater respect, direction, magnetism. the general his in goinganother

Gleaners. the to proposed and Men M herself, cangirl respect not does step. falls into who naturally he Awith whom Lethbridge Pres. the of E. Palmer A. so. to others expect not the to do thisWhen happens—according I. a toast the to Stake A. proposed M. a corhave is of jealous, girlprimal disagreeable, law who A nature—we this in the on commenting good work

is 'love.'this Therect mating; exand cannot envious, or narrowminded,

Stake. is, without the use wordtrouble posattractive. People to we be pect who

comprehending its definition."-From sess those qualities are generally avoided. Following the Banquet dancing was

in, several novduring engaged which in Rain. theSinging of pleasant to able things say be To including introduced, elty were dances to for it is necessary you reason others in to for the others; The look good the Green a of demonstration and Gold to a marry love enoughrespect and man faults; their to rather for manithan those the foxtrot. conclusion At senof least a matter is in the not spirit; a fest forbearinghim forgiving and

it as best enthe of present voted one docs Blending law. oftimentality, transbut openhearted, to possess an and the ever tertainments sponsored by will. Oil of and decision are the bynot personality, come genuine parent and

I. Boards. Stake A. M. they elements, but are both goodwater in seek young things which young men

can never, while the stars shine down, women. Possessing these qualities, it

fortogether bottled upmix. Though matters then much not so much how a Curlew Stake M Men and will forever remain waterever, the not girl be handicapped. She may may

water, and the oil will forever remain be charming in appearance; her body Gleaners Banquet

oil. may even be deformed; yet, it is posAll girls can make valuable contribusible, because of her personality and her Curlew Stake M Men andtions to the list of fine qualities of possession of a character of love and THEGleaner Banquet, under the direc-

The Improvement Era for March 1933 309

tion of the two Stake leaders, was given ner, a program was presented, consistdid not surprise M. I. A. officers and

around Christmas time, the hall being ing of toasts to all the wards, the Stake the athlete's friends, for he has always -decorated with holiday colors, and red and the invited guests, responses, mubeen a strict observer of the Word of and green candles, with red carnations sical numbers and readings. Following Wisdom. Moreover, he sticks to

and green fern, used for the tables. A the banquet the Gold and Green contest training through the year. He never

seven course meal was served to one dance was given in demonstration, folallows himself to get stale. The same

hundred twentyfive guests, the Stake lowed by a delightful dance the music can be said of Murray. He is a

Presidency and their partners, and Stake for which was furnished by an M Mensuperb young runner and a representaexecutive officers with their partners Gleaner orchestra. The entire affair tive "M"Man. With careful trainbeing special guests. During the dinwas extremely lovely. ing this boy should go far in future

Canadian Olympic trails, likewise

Piatt. Murray won the same event

a year ago and is accumulating an imposing array of jewelry. MenAnother important recognition cameM

M Men Basket Ball Rules madefor anyshouldchangescomewhichpreparedare broughtto voteup leadersto two recently.Latterday DistrictSaint BoyCommisScout

of Fletcher C. Dr. Leth- M. as sioner discussion, at for the Convention, to clarify the order MenTN bridge, M Scoutmaster Charles and Matthis time changes can is the only when rules, as the in outlined Ball kin of were decorated Magrath, the by MBasketMen made.

like to be to bring shouldmanual, we Chief of Canada, Scout Excellency His the attention of all members that the the Earl of Bessborough, Governorrules 'have been 'developed over a InterDivision Tournament General of the dominion. This interperiod of years from our experience. esting ceremony took place in Calgary.However, any set of rules must, at 'THE M Men committee have decided

some time, be modified to take care to hold the M Men tournament -<ia!!oi

in March.of changing conditions. Any M Man at Ogden the second week

who feels that a change should be As in the past this tournament will bemade, should see to it that he, or some held at the Weber Gymnasium under Wind, My Brother authorized representative from his the auspices of the General Board, the.the local By Anne Zukerward, attends the annual M Men Condetails being taken care of by

at representatives of Stake committee is held at Salt Cityvention which Lake JTTIND, my brother, Ogden. this Conference. June timeduring At ff Wind,

that It is expected teams will come are this necessary,if changes thought Brush and sweep group at the convention will make such from Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo, Logan, From my mind changes as the majority think are necesPocatello, Cedar City, Richfield, CaliCobwebbed envy.

sary. fornia, Arizona, Burley, Price, MontMalice unkind;

The one rule which has caused conpelier, and Nevada. And it is possible Of all thoughts mean

siderable 'discussion is the letterman that Canada may be also represented. Brush me clean!

is It a sixteenteam that tournahopedrule. idea in has been promoted One

sister. Rain, my this year. be conducted ment may sections that so it should besome Rain,

details, will just the teams The how thatchanged School letterman a High cleanse and Wash first line play, night's have the for up eligible folyear be to play onewould every cranny From lowing his graduation from High not been determined, but it is expected Of my brain,

School. Others have thought to set that there will be the same fine interest Lies and lust,

aside the High School letterman rule this year that there has always been. Hidden leaning

entirely but to leave the Junior College All who arc interested in this fine Toward broken trust;

rule letterman as itand College is. andactivityenjoyarethisinvitedtournament.to come to Ogden OfWashall methoughtsclean mean that changes should be who feelAny

'Lethbridge M Men T ETHBRIDGE stake M. I. A.

workers are rejoicing over the signal victory of two young M Men in the Thanksgiving Day long distance run sponsored by the Lethbridge Daily

Herald and the Lethbridge Y, M. C. A.

This is one of the distance classics in

Western Canada track circles and the fact that first place in both senior and junior events went to "Mormon"boys is the source of genuine pride and satisfaction.

The runners who carried the M. I.

A. colors are Jerome Piatt of Brant and

Harold Murray of Diamonid City.

Piatt did the three miles in 1 6 minutes, 25 2/5 seconds. Murray, entered in

the junior event, covered the one and a halfmile course in 8 minutes, 16 3/5 seconds. Piatt, who upset the

"dope"in a radical way, "covered the ground without apparent effort"one

Jerome Piatt of the sports writers said. But this Harold Murray

310 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

did not want to be taken and he scarcely knew just how to escape. I believe he

for he God, borrowed was inspired byGleaner Girls grandmother's cloak long cape or and hood, put them on and walked out of the

Gleaner Course of Study house and away. The mob did not

recognize the Prophet in the cloak. I

'POR the month of March, our mannow have one of the clasps from the cloak. ual discussions will be XII, Chapter

these of "All very I prize "keepsakes"the Scattering Israel of and Chapter are to highly they and an inspiration me.

IsraelXIII, to be Restored. See Verified E. Gardner."Mrs. by Mary

Gleaner Manual, pp. 115125 inclusive.) Ina Meldrum tells of one of her

"keepsakes."

Treasures of Truth "Among the many keepsakes found in /N the Project evening, Tuesday, anwasoldhandedchest;downof my tograndmother'smy mother whichwhen March 28, "Keepsakes and CusGleaner Girls'Fashion Show, Levan grandmother died, was found an invitatoms"will be the division to be conWard tion to a special Leap Year Party which

readssidered. as follows: (See Gleaner Manual, p. 51-

.was compiled Joseph Smith, This by52.) Sidney Rigdon and and Oliver Cowdery Grand Leap Year Party below "treasures"some We give edited (Frederick Williams. G. by

from the books of Gleaner Girls. Alice "I also possess a two dollar bill or Miss Ann Cable and partner are respectLiljenquist tells of an unusual "cusscrip, as it was then called, which was fully invited to attend a party at the

tom"of the early days, as described to issued when Sidney Rigdon was PresiUnion Hall, February 9, 1864. Dancing

her by her grandfather, George C. dent of the Kirtland Safety Society Bank, to commence at 6 o'clock p. m.

Allen: and Joseph Smith was Cashier. This Tickets $1.00 to be paid at the door.

bill has both their names or signatures Lucy Smith,

Spinning and Weaving on it. Hannah M. Smith,

"At one time while the Prophet Joseph Martha Nuttall,

Greatgrandmother Kcziah Ben- "My grandfather's Managers. house the Smith was at myson Allen was a spinner weaver and by there for he Attested by Mary A. Meldrum."him. Of course, mob came

trade skilled crafts. and in her was When

the Allen family first arrived in Utah, she did not know ihow to obtain clothing for her husband and children, because they to sheephad no produce wool. EvenJunior Girls

tually the of neighbors some into went

St.the nearby in George country leaders gathershould I have your class for you to make in mind 1852 T T 7HAT planted cotton.and cotton which The

interesting. best this ings Class alive and month? "The my Juniorthey carded into bats grew was Greatby

grandmother, who then, \spun 'it into This is the question which should be discovery, the discoveror makes for thread. Now she had the warp but not in the heart and mind of each Junior himself."But in order to make disany filling or woof. So the men folks class leader. coveries one must have information.

shot wolves. trapped and they These Genis your program? What The after the search Emerson says—"The placedskinned, ashes fleshy the on wood eral print outline can and Committee is the the great youth, of and dreampart rolled the of hides for and them up it yours. cannot but we make You serious occupation in manhood."most days. process the loosenedtwo This to that yourself have do for by study

itfur that easily so could be removed for project March work Our is "My its to presentation preparation for and the skin. furfrom Greatgrand- This the Privileges Covenant"and Under girls. the for have your If you work carded the use formother to and spun

filling or woof. Her father, Alva Benson, the coming month well in mind you "Baptism for Departed Kindred and

made a loom on which she could weave. can usually find much that will help Friends."It would be a beautiful

The family had brought reeds with them you 0S you go about your daily thing if every Junior girl had the exfrom the States with which to weave routine. It may be a poem culled from perience of being baptized for the dead.

cloth. This material thus woven by a paper or magazine, or a happy and The Temples all have regular days for

theGreatgrandmother Allen only was story, appropriate almost or be this work, planned and if trips are you may used forkind Grandfather George my subconsciously planning are be sure all arrangements properly your five clothes Allen's untilClark be was years of age. Then they succeeded in method of presenting the work for the made. Your Ward Genealogical Comgetting some sheep of tbeir own and class period. It is never well to simply mittee will gladly help you. The

were able to wear better clothes. read in class the material from the subject will make a very profitable

Verified by George C. Allen."Manual whether it be the lesson disclass discussion, as the girls should

cussion or the project. We appeal to understand the importance of the work

Lettie Burbank gives us an interesting account of her "keepsakes."

"Choice Keepsakes""My Grandfather Frederick G. Williams was a Counselor to the Prophet

Joseph Smith in the early days of the

Church. They were together a great

deal. The Prophet Joseph'Smith was at

Grandfather's house many times and they studied the principles of the Gospel together. I have in my possession the old

Bible from which they studied. It is old

and worn, showing tbat it was used very much. t.--.:

"I also have one of the first editions of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants. Grant Stake Junior GirW Festival, 1932

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 311

before writing this chapter in their bcx>ks. In April our Project calls for a BeeHive Girls

review of the work and display of they to see that have filled Hivegirls'early Story."Start books "My Calendar the

of the for completion requirements girl forto plan this evening. Each

may be assigned to give the incident Nymphs: their rank, namely; 27 Structural

in her project work that has been the April 4—Guide XXVI—First Aid. Cells, at least two being from each

most interesting to her. Our Project April 11—Guide XXVII—Sunfield, and the nine Foundation Cells.

provides an opportunity for exploring shine for Bees and BeeHive Tests should be given to both ranks and discovering ourselves, our homes, Girls. on the Foundation Cells. The Stake

our heritage. April 18—Guide XXVIII—SunBee-Keepers should prepare test quesshine for Bees and BeeHive tions and send out to the Ward Beere- girls be the that Keepers so may Girls.Mary Hellewell—The tests given. are the before viewed XXIX-—Sunshine 25—Guide ofStory My Life April the BeeKeepers possible Stake Where for BeeHive Girls. Bees and

or they arrange a should date when the early of the year autumn Spirit 1915,TN May 2—Guide XXX—The

*- appointed them other examiners by their while in of the people most were of of the Hive and the Spirit beds, I first came into this beautiful Religion. will give the tests to the BeeHive

at Street,world, girls, No. Hanson 7 Byron in the various wards, previous May XXXI—The Spirit 9—Guide

in the lovelyLane, Halifax, city of lYorkto Day. Swarm Religion. of

shire. England. Old is therefore, It that the important, May 16—Guide XXXII—Church I a being mother was Mormon, My be thorough BeeKeepers should Ward Organization..Elder afterblessed F. Hansen, Clyde by

Structural their in of the checking Builders: first sister,! For the named. waswhose

few years of my life I enjoyed myself April 4—Guide XXIII—UnderCells and assist tlie girls in thoroughly

about the same as most children do, passstand Beauty. gaining the knowledge necessary for

the the measles, the happily Foundationing through tests on mumps, April XXIV—Beauty passing 11—Guide

all thechicken pox, cough, and whooping scattered remote wards Cells. In in and the Home.

aches children pains to which and it possible isn't for stakes where and arc April 18—Guide XXV—Plannedsubject. three, lage the of tender At visit each to Stake BeeKeepers ward BeeKeeper and Girls. by

flu terrible the father epidemic,during my tests, that the suggest give and we April XXVI—Beauty 25—Guidedied, leaving brother mother with my my questions prepare BeeKeepers Ward Person. later myself. Six andFrank months my

extheir solicit of the assistance and May later XXVII—Sbrother or Joseph of2—Guide born; was upon c r a p

my 4th birthday, I started attending Books. ecutive officers and other capable peotests. the ofschool, ple in giving of period happiest the was which A meeting XXVIII—Open for May 9—Guide

age eight I a of became the tests At the are to give the peoplemy life. who your Planning.

member of the Church, being baptized by Gatherers: should be held previous to the time

at Atkins, in C. Baths, the'Rudger School tests that all so the for conducting may April XXIII—Nature's 4—GuideBradford.

as a universal to understanding have Phenomena. the happiest of day week was The

1 giving the the of examination April manner XXIV—Open. all 1—Guide;we toalways on went Sunday when

the questions and the in which April way School, meetings, and SacramentSunday XXV—Reading. 18—Guide

the rating to answered and be Joy. shouldafter the Elders always April which would most XXVI—Feel 25—Guide

go home with us for supper. At school May 2—Guide XXVII—The Beebe given. We suggest that the passing

I always took lessons in swimming and on Keeper's Service. grade be not less than 75. Girls who

13, elementarySeptember an 1928, I won feel fall questions some we on down Social, May XXVIII—A 9—Guide

certificate for swimming. test. to take another should allowed be a picnic or excursion an with

I 5, completed October 1929, my On are suggestions given following if possible. The Outof-Door games it 1 is schooling, as of years customary

thein test Builders for question on atin leave to the age school of England are preparing you 14, OEEKEEPERS, Hive: igounless to to School. wish you High

girls for their your of completion 1. Spirit the from Repeat memory leaving school After our made we up

mind to take a trip that we had looked BeeHive work and contest? Careful of the Hive.

forward to take throughout our lives, so check should be made on Builders in 2. Name four essential things to be

we sold up our home, and on October 26, observed in bathing a baby. (See

old bid dear to goodbye 1929, England we BeeKeeper's Book.) page 39,

all set friends, to childhood andand my 3. triangular a bandage; demMakesail S. the S. the for Cedric on United Cottage My it. onstrate of using four ways Know leftStates of America. Liverpool on We

Camille C. Nuffer By cut, fainting, a for burn, to what dothe the of afternoon of October 26th and

sprain. bruise, BeeKeeper's; (See I the seasick next day very became andon

cottage 7\/f has a way Y 'I I sick die so for towas pages thought Book, 39 would 44.) J.rJ. completely Qf charming me five days, the next remaining fourthe but girls 4. in join singing should The Nestled the roadside by fine, felt I rest the of enjoyed anddays the National Anthem. from memory simplicity. In quaint

tripthe 3, very much. November On (See BeeKeeper's Book.) 45, page

in the inearly afternoon landed Boston, we faces lure Pansy me is 5. the of Wisdom; What Word Lister, Uncle,Mass., Joseph where W. my the painted From window it it given; box, to where was may whom us cousin us took Harold andand met my I In the can see background be found? Street, atto 3 6 a ther 12 home Bond pink of hollyhocks. The

6. the BuildRepeat from memory place. there stayed the nextroom We

two days and saw many great places in Beloved faces greet me er's Purpose.

and around Boston. Where the climbing roses send In addition, each girl should be

On November 5, 1929, we boarded A fragrance through my cottage able to;give her BeeHive name and

the train for Salt Lake City and after As my daily labors end. symbol, together with its meaning;

valleys,passing and mountains through bring mending, of darning, samples a cottage has charm for me the here landed of My 8 th ondeserts, we etc., inspection; for her Beebring its all Distinctly own it for quite hard has been andNovember,

me to become acquainted with all the difThe sweetest charm of all Hive Hand Book so that the examiner ferent customs of the country. (Excerpt The charm of home sweet home. may check 'the number of cells she has;

from "My Story"of a Junior Girl.) filled in each field.

.......

312 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

Tests for Gatherers on their lessons all winter so that they Bee"holds a greater meanwill be able to prepare their talk. ing.

1 The girls should know and join We are giving herewith an outline Story of "Life of the Bee."

in singing the Honey Gatherers Song, on Symbolism that may be helpful in a. As it applies to BeeHivewithout books. reviewing the Life of the Bee—with plan.

2. Write a paragraph of not less your girls. 1. Organizatio n

than fifty words on the Cycle of Life swarms.

according to the Gospel (in doBce-Keepers Plan. (See Symbolism 2.BeeKeeper's Book, page 46.) hives) mesticated

the exfor inspection of 3. Bring I. Define Symbolism. first (Bees Rank—Builders

the article oraminer you have made Gatherers the hive). representing an build 1 Something

decorated in making practical use of ideal, a principle, a ceremony. (Bees next gather honey.)

(Painting oryour symbol. drawing Struc- (Foundation, 2. History of symbolism (from Cells—scrap neatly in her book, orsymbol on tural.) beginning)

use sheembroidery other or work may cells a. in the types of a. Religion of—- sacrifices her ofhave symbol.) made classifimain etc. Adam, Fourhive—two 4. prepared, Tell you what how

1 Baptism. laid table the servedyou and you how 5. Colors (Brown, gold, 2. Sacrament. cations.—filling in Cellyour Foundation meal blue) 3. Priesthood of author-

4. see a table laying pageNo. (For

ity. Fields—etc. BeeKeeper's47, Book.)

b. Nations it -as the to applies III. Symbolismis 5. a for the proper food What 1. of Arms. Girls, old, six also old; a year monthsbaby 2. Flag Flags—-AmericanCoat orderly. 1. Systematic (Each and rest. Bee'-Keeper'sproper (Sec Book, for as example: Blue

to do.) bee has its workpage 49 and 50.) justice; purity; White,

6. Tell how to sterilize gauze and Red for the blood the 2. There are: Wax workers,

give at least ten essentials a home men of the Nation are sculptors, street cleaners, emergency cabinet should contain. (See willing to spill for nurses for the baby bees,

the wait maids upon whoBeeKeeper's Book, page 50.) their of country—love bees, guards, queen, worker country. the customary of forms 7. Name

etc. All the Spirit guided by 3. Statue of Libertyrespect repeat Flag; the pledge due the

of allegiance to the flag using the freedom. of the Hive without being

1 e for told what to do.BeeHive salute. (See BeeKeeper's 4. Money—e a gBook, page 51.) strength—Indian head 3. Unity and Harmony—no

fighting except 8. Name five attributes of the bees—true Americanism quarreling or

you think could be well applied in "In God We Trust."when drones are killed; this

dictated the the Spirit of by life. read theyour II. it you Have own applies to the Symbolism—as Hive. Life of the of the preparedReview Bee Plan. BeeHive

bee never the Generalby Board? 4. Dependability—a 1. it all carried because Chosen post shirks her her work—at 9. girl infor should bring Each ideals the of of beauty and late. early and

spection the of her examiner paper life on we wished our girls, to 5. Cleanliness—scrupulously fails If to she of Wisdom.the Word follow. clean,

should paperdo so the be State 6. submitted a. BeeHive respect for Reverence and—Utahbefore she her graduation is awarded industry. symbol meaning hive. in the mother (Honor

certificate. b. Maeterlinck's "Life of the Womanhood)

Each girl should also bring her Bee- a. Groom her, bring her

Hive Hand Book so that the examiner food, wait upon her in may check the number of cells filled every way, take care of in each field. For the Gatherers a baby bees, etc.

girl's Hand Book should show a total b. Show her great reverence.

of 57 Structural Cells, filled at least Never turn back upon four from each field. Each girl must her. Protect her from

also be able to repeat from memory harm if strangers enter the the BeeKeeper's Service. hive. Seem to realize she

We would remind you that the is the mother of the race contest feature for Builders and Gatherand deserves every coners this year is a 300 word essay on sideration. Thus the

BeeHive Symbolism. It is hoped that greatest symbol is shown

every BeeHive girl will enter this confor womanhood.

test. Each ward should hold a contest 7. Intelligent—cells made in a

and declare a winner and then it is perfect hexagon. If mistakes

suggested that the representatives from are made in fitting cells toall of the wards contest for winning gether bees fill it with wax.

place at the Swarm Day or Stake Cover any unnecessary object

Honor Day, as desired. If this contest with wax to make it clean

is conducted at the Stake Honor Day, and fit their plans.

the winning essay should be presented 8. Economy-—-Use every bit of

at the Swarm Day Exercises. This space. Cells built,slightly

contest goes no farther than the Stake. tipped backward so honey

The contest feature for the Nymphs will not spill.

is a five minute talk on "What I have 9. Enthusiastic—in their work.

learned in the Nymphs'class."The Work hard, early and late,

girls should have been making notes 10, Cheerful and happy..;

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 313

Maeterlinck says: "The bees

overcome discouragement and >- gloom. They sing always at Boy Scouts

their work, they transform dark, into hive dreary a live Scout's Dream You maying youstumbledo. that's true, but supposlittle city or A glowing, cozy

home."By ALEX McFARLAND LetBethesurevigorand ofstumbleyouthahead.and the glory of

1 1. Thorough in their work. (One of Heman Scout Troop's "Old truth

Gather pollen from only one Timers"at the Jamboree) Light up the straight narrow way.

kind of flower in a day, that Keep your heart free from guile meet the is, one bee does this. Flowers rEDICATED to the Boy Scouts of world with a smile

would lose identity if they the M. I. A. and recited at the And live in the light of the day."

flitted from one kind of campfire on the occasion of the Western The old man's advice ca,me to me without flower to another. Trails Scout Jamboree, August 25, price.

12. Nuptial Flight. High ideals 1932, at Idaho Falls in commemoraSo its value may never be known.

in choosing a mate. Chooses tion of the Taylor Bridge, the first one I bade him good day, and off on my way.

left alone. old there the man And River. the Snake take across to sunny day warm the oft oppose kind warnBut we how

flight. millions Followed by away on the wings of T WANDERED those ings from of drones—only strongest of 'a dream Who have slipped from the straight

them all can reach her heights. To the banks of a beautiful river. narrow way.

13. Spirit of the Hive. Probably I stood on the bridge that crosses the Who would guide us aright, through the

stream night dark stormy beautiful of all the symmost call the ever. ever land they and of a beautiful day. To the dawn To the bees is that bolism in a cane old with an I met are There man

Spirit the of the guided by his hand Father and Sons girl possesses Hive. Every was feeble and bent and gray. He

that still small voice to guide Said I, "My good friend take hold of my npHE photograph accompanying is her. hand should endeavor She of J. and his two sons, R. Hodson I'll help you along on your way."also, guided And to be each day was Robert Waldo. Robert and

by her BeeHive "Spirit of "No, thank you,"said he, "but listen to awarded an Eagle badge when he was the Hive"—Have Faith, me, thirteen and a half years old; Waldo

Seek Knowledge, etc. (There I'm old and I've not far to go, is Scoutmaster of Troop 42, an Eagle

are other in which ways strong, you're many and young But himself, earned 36 he has and the Scout and is long, quite carries over way of symbolism Bee palms. badges merit The and two

is see the quite low. sun you And girl.) the life the into of years, father for two was Scoutmaster I pray hasten and make no delay. So

merit badges, RobertIV. Symbolism—Swarm and IndiIt's a long way over the river, and has earned 29

vidual Symbols. And the road is quite rough and slippery has 23. The three presented them-

1 Swarm Symbol. enough. selves together at the Court of Honor

ever. call district ever they the is very and land their for awards. The To to a. Ideal wishes Swarm

is this achievement. of Robert proud

I like attain. thought and once you young I was

district. in the Eagle the youngest

I that knew carefully b. it over Talk

with the girls. All the dangers of the crossing the river.

2. Example of Swarm Symbol: I passedside.by the guide and slipped to one Night Ride The ship forever. balance Mayflower—a my And lost

bravery, loyalty) (courage, gate is the and Straight narrow the way. By Grace Zenor Pratt

lives this does mean in What You must walk with a firm heavy tread. and dust and weariness Ji/TOONLICHT

live girls? to of the Courage - '-'- complete

clean and do right. Bravery The road unwinds, the gleaming headto overcome temptations and lights show.

face trials and hardships, sorThe grotesque cactus, yucca, and grey sage.

other—-notrow, etc. Loyaltysay unpleasantto each Like phantomsand go. of the night, that come

other—bethings aboutloyalfriends,to Churcheach The wee,quietwild,nook,desert things, startle from

leaders, family, etc. And cross our path with nimble scurry-

3. Choosing Individual Symbol, ing feet.

timid desert owl a. Discuss with group their The white * * blinks—the* hare individual symbols.

1. What ideal does the Its brightretreat.eyes fearful * * * seeks a safe

girl wish to attain.

2. Has she a favorite Desert, and moonlight * * * yuccas, sage

flower, bird, etc., and palm * * *

* * * gust dust of cooling White be chosen might which * * * rain and wind to represent that little living things, beasts the and ideal. The

3. Would the ideal she birds and flowers.

has chosen stimulate Lift up their heads and crave to live the characteristic she again.

needs most according is ah! the but unwinds, road The wind observation? to your * * * sweet

If not, could you carerain peaks swept from and wind The fully and tactfully desrt sand * * * direct her in choosing And far ahead the gleaming lights of the thing she needs /. R., Waldo G., and Robert G. Hodhome

most? soUf all Eagle Scouts Is but an answer to our heart's demand.

314 The Improvement Era for March 1933

4Silver Linings Report of Accomplishments for Dec. 1932

from jOontinued T3 t3<a which in 297 page bt to3 s SI 01 U) ng hip > com3sions te bo CD c 4-* this. kind as such 3 a hobby Any No. having Wards.S.2.S uo during completed C sl.r. % is -i"of creative a sure of means work C.5 gsp 8 3 the past months ine 'r; fun to Wards n Ph courses outlined as stress this tore happiness time of during to'to DQ ntil 730 in 73 Activity the

are.i spirit creative U tti upheaval. oi oi oi and I. in C STAKES mg The Manual S3"-.n > s

Vi ac bf thei W outlet exists one. the Find in every -a

pleted increas lattenda Depts.

6 If, and instance, for for yours. you No. No. No. of 12; 1 cherish a fondness for antique

furniture, enchanting an it makes i.S'3 YMiYL YM YL YM YL YM YL

is inits collection endlessly study, Q siQ s3 8 = pieces teresting, chosen well a few 1 8 1 6 1 1 1 4 8 3 8 6 5 12 "4 6 "4 6 4 6 6 6 B 3 3 i B 6 4 6 6 in the are charming and AlbertaAlpine home, 4 2 4 4 2 5 5 4 2 6 9 Bannock 1 "2 "4 "7 design to carve splendid 11 B 7 and 11 3 B i 6how 4 "i 10 12 10 8 Bear Lake 12 a new, but ancient looking, chest BearBensonRiver 1214 11 13....5 7 1 6 8 10 41 117 56 B6 25 43 104 1110 97 78

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 8 is cabinet. or for a Blaine Here room

4 3 9 9 3 3 3 4 5 4 5 Boise 10 10 art, superlative degree of 11 11 and some- 4 6 13 11 4 11 "9 93 9 12 6 12 13 10 io Boxelder 13 thing {fine comes into your life CacheBurley 98 88 46 45.... 36 21 33 71 46 22 3 73 77 63 55

4 4 3 2 3 B 4 1 4 3 3 3 14 7 2 Carbon a lovely have made you when,.... 1 4 3.... 2 2 2 2 5 3 5 5 3 6 4 the Cassia thing. with done work 6 2. i Any 1 i 9 2 9 9 9 2 4 8 6 5 10 Cottonwood

hands defies mass production, for CurlewDeseret 127 6 68 1 24 2 3 4 BB 62 41 25 15 16 i 6 66 56 27 7........ 4 9 6 1 6 2 7 7 B ithe 6 8 9 article bears each of stamp n

1 1 1 3 B 5 4 2 4 3 7 4 5 10 EmeryElast Jordan of genuineness. Crafts all kinds 4 4 B 7 4 7 5 8 8 3 6 8 2 8 Ensign "9 4 4 4 4 7 11 11 9 6 6 "e 7 9 9 2 11 10 ii Franklin their into coming own; are now 14 14 8 2 2 4 3 8 14 2 14 9 6 10 Fremont

B 7 7 B 1 Garfield 4 6 2 2 6 3 7 6 8 7 crochetneedlework, knitting and "3 "9 "9 "2 3 10 2 9 5 4 9 Granite 10 8 10 ing, printing, block wood carving, 7 9 8 14 6 7 7 11 8 11 14 13 8 Grant 14 "'7 105 9i 46 46 51 26 "2 73 138 58 93 etching, book binding, book makHollywoodGunnison 157 135 113 3 9 1 10 9 3 5 7 5 4 ing, 8 6 11 10 14 4 4 13 Idaho Falls 7 boats, models of making........ 1 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 5

all offer coaches airplanes, and 1 5 1 B 3 2 2 4 2 2 3 3 7 5 reJuarezKanab "2 "2 "2 "i 1 1 2 4 4 2 3 6 8 4 6 6 4 4 "i Kolob laxation great enjoyment. and

1 4 2 1 2 4 4 4 3 2 2 3 2 4 8 8 6 6 2 Lethbridge

In the category of hobbies, colLehiLiberty 127 5 116 7 86 3 B8 5 116 2 76 66 86 4B 6B B8 116 45 48 5 1 4 4 3 2 4 5 8 6 4 11 9 7 11 8 B 11 lections 8 Logan hisof all sorts natural of.... 8 6 3 3 5 4 9 11 8 7 4 Los 12 11 Angeles 6....'exhibits, as tory minerals, such 1 1 1 1 1 2fi 1 1 1 1 Lost 6.... River 2

1 1 1 2 2 2 2 3 4 1 1 4 7 2 4 Lyman fossils, insects, birds'and humming 1 3 1 4 3 6 s- 2 Malad 6 "6 7 "9 6 "7 3 "2 45 9 9 6 6 6 S 4 10 Maricopa "s "i a appeal. nests, have tremendous

And can you imagine anything MillardMinidoka 77 "4 47 "i 42 "i 42 "1 37 2 S1 31 B2 3 B 4 73 73 41 more captivating than assembling MoapaMontpelier 149 6 58 3 24 3 22 6 26 23 42 21 43....i 48 37 28 3fi

specimens of the different stages Morgan 8 5 1 2 3 2 2 4 3 1 2 4 2 which various species of butterflies Mt.MoroniOgden 58 "e 47 4 46 "3 27 "e 47 72 36 71 27 28 47 47 23

1 8 2 1 1 i 2 6 3 6 5 7 Nevada 6 throughgo in their metamorphosis,.... 1 3 1 1 3 4 5 4 3 2 5 Davis 7 6 5 "5

1 8 4 4 5 5 5 4 4 Sanpete the emergencefrom from the egg, NorthNorth 1 4 3 1 3 3 3 1 2 3 Sevier 4 4 4 4 North caterpillar the phase, through the........ 8 9 11 11 3 7 3 4 5 3 7 7 North 12 Weber 14

1 6 3 2 12 10 6 6 10 7.... 6 "3 12 12 Ogden butterfly?cocoon, the Indian and 4 3 3 3 2 2 2 6 7 8 B B 11 6 4 3 7 3 7 Oneida

art collections vivify a study of InOquirrh 6 5 6 3 5 1 3 4 6 5 4 6 4 6 B 5 2 dian lore and early American hisPanguitchPalmyra 96 5 95 4 43 1 41 4 S5 2 46 2 B3 51 22 82 5B B4 83 tory, the latter leading to the dawn PioneerParowan 1111 105 79 88 26 81 51 B6 58 36 2B B2 4 1 47 59 26 46 of civilization, makes an intensely Pocatello 10 8 8 8 2 3 3 8 6 2 4 3 4 4 6 8 8 7 4 interesting study. The dictionary PortneufRaft River 58 6 35 4 31 3 2 4 41 1 51 B 4 4 S 52 62 42 83

is sometimes the hobby of people RigbyRoosevelt;.. 13 6 3 1 2 3 2 4 23 21 23 11 41 41 67 66 42

2 2 6 8 St. 5 B 3 1 3 2 10 7 4 7 2 George people love words; somewho make

1 1 3 i 1 1 St. i 1 3 2 2 5 3 4 2 Johns

of sports, and a hobby go 12 11 12 St. 8 11 12 many 6 11 11 11 12 6 3 16 Joseph

in for amateur photography. Pets, SaltSan LakeFrancisco 1310 "9 129 -j 97 "3 B6 "s 127 16 108 103 116 113 ii 117 128 76 7

1 3 2 1 1 2 2 3 2 3 2 San Juan 3 as cats,such dogs, salamanders, or 1 1 1 3 3 3 2 3 2 3 S 3 San Luiscurious are adapted fish which 3 8 1 4 7 4 3 to Sevier B 1 6 8 6 6 8 7 8....7 5

aquariums, fill a precious place in ShelleySharon 79 4 49 4 3B 3 23 4 47 2 53 41 53 1 3 23 94 36 41* 2 B 6 B 7 5 4 3 1 7 8 5 1 4 7 8 3

B 6 1 4 1 4 3 4 4 2 B 6some lives. They may be hobbies SnowflakeSouth Davis 128 3 7

not. 1* m|ay 1 1 4 2 2 2 2 8 4 4 4 6 2 6 Sevier 7 South 7 7—they 7

1 1 4 7 4 4 5 2 2 3 6 6 7 2 South 7 Sanpete is difference the 8 between 3 B 6 B What 7 7 6 11 Star 7 Valley 10 7 B 3 4

1 1 i 2 3 4 4 3 2 i 3 14 2 4 Summit amaking of something hobby 1 1 4 3 3 8 4 4 3. 2 and Taylor 6 2 5

Teton 7 3 6just liking it? A hobby is one of Timpanogos 5 "5 32 3 23 "5.24 61 22 22 11 "4 11 "i 41 B3 23 21

your keenest joys, a dominant inTintic 4 4 3 4 2 2 3 1 1 1 1 1 3 3 1 fluence in your life, an intimate TooeleTwin Falls 114 6 3 4 3 1 3 3 2 21 23 11 23 31 21 83 23 13 6 5 1 6 9 6 8 2 3 5 3 5 1 2 8 2 2 likingspecialty—while 2 1 3 3 3 6 4 4 2 3 5 3 3 2 2 Union

eral degrees short 1 3 3 9 4 6 6 S 8 9 4 7 8 5 2 Utah 8 9 8 7

.... 3 B 6 4 2 4 3 2 4 9 3 3 6.... 6 of that—that'sstops sevUintahWasatch difference.the

.:

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 315

Report of Accomplishments for Dec. 1932 todays,keepbutyouthere'scontent.readingAreenoughyou

C4 chapto another read rested enough 3 ssions combo CQ3 IJ story?"in ter CD our ite 1 o M bo

the was, happy patient and The bO13 AM R CO o3 having No. Wards l di M of pallor belied the so voice completed during young >si la C gl hav tc '5

3 the past C months me fun -2-E red scolding 4.1 that the Wards cheeks the 01 O3C outlined as courses

tivities class 01 Ul T3.."g tu T3 the Activity ards listen, and to 13 squirrels stopped are U ng ctl Cj in c fc, 'nManual U STAKES >2 b S

it. about ponder w

"5 gS 0) S S > to which beautiful spot It a was 6 d

IziQ.S Z an! ones oppressed had sorely the poor

O be(3 a was transported. There been

YL YM YL YM YM YL YM its best YL S "Sc trying vine trumpet huge O S3 01 of the (the end south to wall up.... 5........ 2 2 2.... B 4 6 7 Wayne of a carpet was There porch. 3 4 3 2 3 6 3 2 i B. 2 4 6 9 Weber

V b 3 3 b 6 4 7 7 4 6 3 7 8 the doorlaid Jordan from West moss springy 4 1 4,..... 2 3 3 3 2 4 3 1—4 4 Woodruff there edge, water's.... and 1.. 3 the 2 6 6 to step 2 1 5 4 5 6 10 Yellowstone

3 b 6 1 3 4 4 2 3 5 5 5 7 Zion Park perfumes strange of a mingling was 9 22 14 26 io 13 12 5 IB 20 25 13 11 12 12 27 24 42 Calif. Mission

,....... 3 2 3 2 2 3 2 3 4 the 8 odor along Mission breeze, with Canadian the on

4 2 3 2 5 4 4 4 4 3 1 4 5 B 2 7 7 2 12 States Northern cedar. y 12 10 pine 5 b 5 5 3 of 6 and 11 11 10 9 10 9 12 12 States.... 17 Northwestern

.... 4 1 2 1 4 2 t>1 3 2 2 4 States Western transthe.... were happy 1 3 1 1 2 2 how 2 And 3 5 Mission Texas

propped up Mary, ones! ported

doing are the Stakes report that many to this month's according to note pleased read aloud, Westake.are her cot, on comfortably Genelral Board. outlined by the those than activity period other the during things interesting

etiquette, decorating, interior magazine comfortof literature, study that in companion the following: her include A They health and events, handcraft, current book reviews, cooking, gardening, art, history, appreciation, never had she rocker, such as able sewing. study, nature debating, aid, travelogues, fitst subjects and lectures,

Hearts Can Ache INDEX TO ADVERTISERS

Continued from Z>00 page 266 Advertisers in The Improvement Era mhy he depended upon.

Patronize them cedar the tang of in thedrinking Page Company called. she "Colie!"sun.under the Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back Cover

Colie came quickly. Brigham Young University 315

"That was a beautiful sleep you Deseret News Press 318 had. Better now? Stay right ExcelcisEastman ProductsKodak Stores,Co. Inc. 316319

there and I'll make you an eggFirst Securities Corporation. Inside Front Cover

nog. It's orders."When she Grant, Heber J. S Co 316

came back she carried two glasses. Ghirardelli, D. Co. 3 1 9

"I'm under orders, too, if you HotelK. S. L.Temple Square Inside Back Cover319

please, but I've no complaints."L. D. S. Business College 317

She propped her patient up and Quish School of Beauty Culture 318 gave her the glass, and seating herself in the comfortable old rocker that had been marked for her, sipped her drink with evident satisTWO QUARTERS BEFORE SEPTEMBER faction.

When Colie leaned If you are a teacher or high over to take Mary's glass she found school graduate in a school two young arms holding her tight. which is closing early, you

"What if I'd get well, Colie?"can enroll for the Spring and

Brigat quarters Summer filled hope. voice with wasMary's and University Young ham

if I'd get done? my fbook"What of year of a twothirds get

If I don't get well here in this work before next September.

to die. spot, I oughtheavenly In WHY NOT DO IT! Colie, I never dreams,my wildest

offers Quarter Spring soft a The a cot onhoped to lie on of curriculum rich usual the of the in midstscreened porch courses, while the Summer such."She took in all within her Quarter promises to be betvision in her outstretched arms. ter than ever.

"And that lake! It laps the shore

like something alive. At first it

frightened me. Then I fell asleep SPRING QUARTER: MARCH 20 TO JUNE 7

to the rhythm of it. Maybe we SUMMERFIRSTQUARTER:TERM, JUNE 12 TO JULY 21

could take la long walk tomorALPINE TERM, JULY 24 TO AUGUST 25 row? "Not tomorrow—nor the next BRIGHAM YOUNGPROVO, UTAHUNIVERSITYday. Orders say—not for ten

.

316 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

<ioa known in all her hall bedroom Then the serpent crept into the

Excelcis Training years, listened enraptured. The paradise.

Brings Success! onlyings ofinterruptionsthe creatures wereof thethewoodgreethomewardMary wastrail,hurryingwith aalongspeckledthe

birds, squirrels, chipmunks, with trout in her basket, and her rod the occasional staccato call of the over her shoulder. The newness

old bull moose to his ladylove. was worn off the khaki outfit, and

And, then the nights I Oh, the the bronze hair was blowing in the

as the doctor had known it serenity—far,wonderful nightsfar fromof peacethe clangand justbreeze and glistening in the sun

ing of street cars, the ring of horses'would. It was nearly time for the

hoofs on pavement, automobile train to pass and the fishergirl had strife. to get down to the platform in horns, radios—city

The ten days passed quickly. time to throw the doctor's letter

"I've just been spoiling for a weighted to make sure it would walk,"said the nurse. "Let's folcarry—into the side door of the

low;this t-rail."Each day the mail car as it iwhizzed past. Violet

life, little the eyes were sparkling until longer with and the lips that been familhad once Enroll Now in Our walkwhole'wasstretcha drawn of woods was

BEAUTY SCHOOL iar to the two explorers, and before with pain, were smiling at the offers beauty profession The a most It long the nurse was deposed, and thought of what the doctor would interesting profitable career. and

is important to get the right start. We the expatient was pampering her say when he received her letter tellsuccess- for training hav a reputation

qualified ful operators, state unduly. A typewriter had been ing him that she had been poachto pass all

examinations. while earn you And you sent for, land received. The book ing, pleading for leniency on the

full particulearn. Call or write for

lars. was coming on, slowly; but the ground that "Colie needed a

grouse dinner, rare scrumptious hot reports weekly had become SPECIAL DISCOUNT COUPON letters, coupon, if I This pie."filled before April presented sparkling friendly biscuits, and raspberry

DISCOUNT1, 1933, entitlesin youTuitionto a Feespecialat 50%the with the joy of this new life, letters She was racing down hill and

Excelcis School of Beauty Culture. that the man who was stifled by just around the bend in the trail

Act Now! Send for Free Catalog hot rooms and sizzling pavements, she ran into him. He didn't look

like a serpent. of his wonder Mary burdened and with the woes No EXCEL-CIS didn't scream. eagerly. recoil, and for fellowman, watched SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE

Temple 221 So. West Wasatch 2425 Harrison, to Arthur he introduced too, His replies, were a joy

Salt Lake City himself, explaining that he lived at the Mary. woods. He knew Knew

their section of it as he knew the the lodge across the lake. He was

human anatomy. He told them big and outdoor looking, and he

where the beaver colony was to be had a laugh that would warm the

When Your springfound; justandacrossthatthecool,neck crystalof the wantedcockles ofto anylinger,maiden'sbut Maryheart.rememHe

lake; the jungle of red raspberries bered her letter and went her way;

that hid the old tumbleddown but when she looked back and saw Home Burns mill, along the railroad. He also him standing there where she had

knew that right in the shade of left him, looking so -lonely, she

There's a certain amount of that old mill the finest fishworms called to him that they were going comfort to know that should fire could be found. to have a spread at five, to which

destroy your home tonight that Mary was not versed in fishing he would be very welcome, if he you are covered by Fire Insurand hunting, but the doctor was, could furnish credentials to prove ance. and he loved to air his knowledge. he wasn't a game warden.

It was the next best thing to doing That was the beginning. The

Such insurance will indemnify it, himself. doctor got his letters each week, but

you for the loss incurred and they were not the same bits of joy allow you to rebuild your home vyNE day a canoe was he had grown accustomed to.

without financial hardship. unloaded by lan Indian lad who

It's worth a good deal to have announced that Dr. Burke said he COOLIE had no fault to

this protection in these times. was to stay and teach the young find with the new neighbor, but

See our agent in your town. lady to handle the paddle; and beshe looked ahead, which Mary

fore he left a brand new shotgun would not do. Luckily the book

UTAH HOME FIRE andtoo, athetwentytwoIndian taughtarrived.Mary These,to use. hadbeforebeenArthurfinishedHarrisonand sentcame,awayfor

INSURANCE CO. There were days when the black he took up all the waking hours of

shadow hovered near, reminding Mary Carroll. They climbed the HEBER J, GRANT & CO. the girl that she should be dying—highest mountain to see the sunrise,

General Agents for how could she go on living they hunted, and they fished, they when the doctor was waiting for read, they played, they swam, they 20 South Main Street her head; but, resolutely she put canoed—together. The woods

Salt Lake City, Utah away the reckoning, and lived from rang with their laughter. Four

to glorious day weeks had Mary—then—day—happy—gloriously blindly Colie happy. stumbling saw her

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 317

up the trail, alone, and hurried out finish the summer, won't we? I

to snatch her to her heart. can't go back. Not 'yet."

"I couldn't explain,"Mary sob- "I can never tell what I'll want bed. "I couldn't tell Arthur that to wear,"Colie insisted stubbornly,I had sold my head. H would "and it won't be much trouble to 12hate me for such a gruesome thing. bring them back again."MILUON

So, I just told him there was a As soon \as they were settled in PEOPLE WANThorrible reason; but when he held their room Mary phoned the docme close and kissed me-—-I prayed tor.

to die—so that the great doctor "I may las well get it over asmight have my head—the head soon as possible,"she said with a JOBS!that doesn't ache any more—but, sigh; but when her phone rang

oh, Colie, (hearts, too, can ache; announcing the caller, she was sick How can you increase

and one cannot.se*!! a heart."with fear. your own opportunities?

After Mary had grown calmer "Please go down with me, Colie.

Colie brought the letter from the You know him. I won't even To win preference with empublishing house that the speeding know him."ployers today, you must excel

train had thrown onto the plat- "He'll know you,"said Colie in some specialized field of work;

contacts with have and you must tore in passing. Maryform it heartlessly. of didn't approve She will employers. There be many sprang indifferently, hope andopen benethis shrinking a kind from applicants to choose from whom

really good offer. fully, the twinkly old lady, crossly L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGEanew.book—a It was an offer for the factor. Coax as Mary would, tearas normal times return.

"I'll go to Dr. Burke, Colie,"refused to budge from her room provides specialized training for

positions. office will give It girlthe

ability knowledge you and "I'll tell him—everything;cried, feverishly excited.and I'll bed,"again thatshe said.night. "If"I'mhe wantsgoing toto tnarket have practical which

let me repay him, see me, he'll wait till morning. value. Our Employment De-—I think he'd

don't you, Colie? He's been kind. You can tell him I said so."partment provides contacts with

rely can upon they recom- I'll—ourbargain—andHe'll release me from."that horrible fromemployers.their ownExecutivesexperience knowthat tears dried her M..ARY hesiletter,"Colie of mendations; other and them many "The her a bit on oi powder and dusted )first. call us thattated, stammered—"isn't cheeks, to the tanned and went down

doctor's writing?"Parlor B. SHORT TIME—LOW COST

said Mary, still lost in "Yesi"turned big was toward back A courses are concentrated Our plans.her her, at of her but the sound step, in shortest possible the.time

"But, the postmark?"the doctor swung about eagerly. consistent with the thoroughness

by exacting employdemanded cried Mary. "Arthur!"looked picked it up and Mary

ers. This short time keeps down the precaution doctor took she Theat the postmark. Soo?""The cost. the

the to close the door, took then he scarcelysaid, above a whisper. "He or call Write today for comlittle in his arms, and maid brown be coming."must details. plete disWe'll gladly

She tore the letter open and read held her close. cuss your own plans v/ithout

it. "Dr. Kevin Arthur Burke,"he obligation.

will Courses prepare Our you ear. "I closed to her whispered to us come "He wants in—tofor the following of positypes head. the wasn't satisfied with Colie. at sat staring Shemorrow."I tions:

"Must we?".she asked, fearfully. had to have the heart, too."

"It's just as well to get it over Mary gasped. Then she tried SECRETARIAL

with, don't you think,"Colie anto scold, but she was too happy. STENOGRAPHIC

swered cheerily. "He will do nothShe,'gave it up. ACCOUNTING

didn't have ito go "You surely. us, He'sing done to hurt to all CIVIL SERVICE honestly. said she that trouble,"us, be worse for he wouldso much GENERAL OFFICEthan a fiend to pounce down on "I was in love with you, through

us, now?"Colie, too, seemed apyour letters; and then you came,prehensive. "What about Arthur? and—and made me miserable."

Has he gone?"The doctor's lips silenced hers "He leaves /on the early freight for a time. After awhile when LD.S.

speech possible again, she dewasin answer the morning. I—my explanation. an manded Colie, I loveoh, him. Pray for

me, Colie,""How did your letters keep comColie did pray that night. Her mg? BUSINESS

dear one had a taste of happiness, "Mailed 'em back to be remailed.

such a wee taste. You see, my little wild one, you

The next morning they were up were so in love with tne that youputting the cabin to rights and didn't notice how stale my letters COLLEGE packing. Colie insisted on taking were."(A Department of the L, D. S.

all her wearing apparel. "And, Colie, too."Mary wonCollege)

"But why?"Mary demanded. dered at the perfidy of the twinkly ENTER ANY MONDAY

"Even if he won't release me from old lady. Then she remembered

the bargain, we'll come back and her message and delivered it, and 318 The Improvement Era for March, 1933

the doctor's laugh was good to right up, for he has something to hear. say to you,"

"A grand old lady,"he said admiringly. "Ask her if she'll be T.HE twinkly old lady

rested enough to attend a wedding had just time enough to rout the tomorrow."clouds and call up the twinkles

"Tomorrow?"said Mary. before they were there, and Mary

"Then we can go back to the lodge was hugging her, and asking her on our honeymoon?"whatever did she mean by think-

"Wherever you say, Sweeting she could desert them now, heart."when they loved her so.

"I'd love it,"Mary sighed bliss- "You don't want an old lady fully. "But she must come back, like me hanging around on your

too, our Colie."Then she told honeymoon,"Colie's cheery tone

him about the twinkly old lady was asking assurance.

bringing all her belongings away "Just try and get away fromopringtime with her. us,"said the doctor in the same

"Oh, I say,"said the doctor, gentle tone he used that first eveher. desert can't think "she we'd so ago, long ning he thought when

is housecleaning the t PRING said. "But, her,"he Tell Carroll. her—tell she "We're was Mary

is It only season. not our homes here.\ there's We'll wait, a phone quickly out going he added now,"

this benefit to that urge by\ call explained, see,"her up. he in the a tear he You twinkly saw when

business improve. andbrighten The for "I paid grinning, too much eye, lady's get "so your can you political leader, great and the andman

little migraine pretty that head sleep. shenanigan to beauty No it their profitable find to scansmall,organizations for the purpose of disrisk losing it—now. You might now!"He drew her into the crook

covering and removing the cobwebs of never come back if I let you get of his arm, and lifted her chin with inefficiency waste. and you When for free his a moment."hand. hear me? "Do you

let business, inhouseclean us away—even your "I'll "Silly!"laughed Mary. shenanigan."No particular attentionurge you to pay

tell up. her we're both coming said shenanigan,"the "No connections. printingto your As

printers we are more than capable She might be lonely, Arthur twinkly old lady, with a wink at handlers of paper and ink. You will Doctor."Mary.

courteous, trainedfind salesmen our I the Arthur, with "Keep the on lovers when two happy And advice give touching to soundable you doctor. it,"said the their He gave the went way, in hand, hand of problems, as findlike such yourmany

ing ways to make your advertising the call, and then Mary took the twinkly old lady dropped to her material more effective, the reduction phone, knees by her bed, and burying her of costs carefully through prepared release Colie,"me, won't "He face in the cover, wept for sheer office forms, and business your making igurgled, we're joycoming "and dignifiedstationery expressshe more and ive of the spirit of your organization.

Give us an opportunity to serve you.

page 27THE 4iFangs and Coils Continued from eseret News rattlesnake'sfeet long, stalkingugly, flata squirrel.heartshapedThe dartingcontinuoustonguewhirringand the pugnaciousrattle, the

head was raised several inches above attitude gave us all too well the the ground, while its loathsome impression that this reptile couldT> "Press 29 Richards Street body was more than three inches in and would take care of himself.

Wasatch 550—Salt Lake City diameter,coil ready andto laystrikein aitssymmetricalprey. Its Evensingingtheandsongbirdsthe sun forquieteda momenttheir

long string of rattles was making hid behind a cloud. We instinctan incessant noise, like rattling ively shuddered.

BE INDEPENDENT evidentlysmall pebblesstalkedin a atinsquirrelcan. Itto hadthe forStankillingwastheexcitedrattlesnakeand wasat onceall No Other Vocation So Profitable I hole that was directly in front of—if only to protect our pet—but

ENROLL NOW it, and it was now waiting for I made them keep quiet, and watch.

For a Complete Course at the the rodent to reappear. However, The King Snake remained motionso intent had he been on taking less for only a moment. The inQoisli School Of Beauty Culture his prey that he did not see the cessant monotonous whirring

The Best in the West approach of his natural enemy the seemed to anger him, for he raised 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. King Snake, or us, until we were his head and moved warily, his

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH within a few feet of him. But eyes became beady, his coils drew

For Further Information now he saw us. There was no closer together, his attitude belliand Catalog Call doubt about it, for the body of gerent. I knew he keenly enjoyed

7560 Wasatch o the Rattler a battle bloated became once started, and and it would

Fill in This hideous, to increase in either seemed size be or victory. death A Coupon

as he lay in that graceful symmetricstrange odor assailed our nostrils.

al coil. His eyes had a glassy stare, It was sickening and fetid. Darthe neck was arched in an oblique denella, his eyes glittering, was

bow, the heartshaped head, the moving slowly forward toward his

The Improvement Era for March, 1933 319

avowed poisonous enemy, his rattlesnake did not know the King movements deliberate and confiSnake was immune to his poison.dent. Now no longer did he offer reWE CAN sistance. His body finally became

less away than two feet a forTjrrHEN except inert and motionless, HELP YOU stophe rattlesnake the Coils muscles. from had few hitching

ped, the upper part of his body really won. He was a true King. On Indoor Snap Shots

raised slightly from the ground, He was victorious. We hailed him SPECIAL

moved back and forth, like he was a conqueror. He merited our adPhotoflash bulb reflector with battery,

teasing the rattlesnake to strike. miration. Photoflash50c postagebulbs, paideach 25c

every pictures Photoflash Leaflets watched rattlesnake indoor OnThe he gradAfter minutes some request. sent on Write it was workWithin,movement. his uncoiled ually himself, worked

ing itself into a frenzy, a fury that body free, and with the air of Eastman Kodak Stores, could not be controlled. Its body a victor, looking neither to right or Inc.,

moving slowly in symmetrical coil left, continued in search of his be155 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah like a letter "S"with its head on lated dinner.

top and tail free to vibrate.

Then the head drew back, and This Chocolate xs

fury all the with Balanced for Health audi Flavor!quickstruck—struckas a flash the rattlesnake

its and body,of its fat bloated pentup wrath. Then it happened! Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate is richer

Quick as it was, the King Snake than cocoa... but not as rich as"bar"chocwas quicker, the lithe body and olate. That's why teachers and mothers of

head dropped to the ground, and the West prefer it for children and for their the entire length straightened out so that the rattlesnake fell across own tables. It's balanced iot nutrition values

him. With one quick turn or flip... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing

he had the rattlesnake in his coils, but chocolate can supply.

cinching rolled, over heover and then together, closer his coils the FREE"Sweet Sixteen"Write for death struggle commenced between RecipeD.GhirardelliCo.,Packet No. 2,

Fangs and Coils. Which would San0J4 NorthFrancisco,PointCalif.

virulent poison ofwin—the deadly St.,

the rattlesnake, or the deadly constricting coils of the King Snake?

It was a primitive jungle contest. Furiously they fought. Their GHIRARDELLI'S

but slow anything weremovements CHOCOLATE rattlesnake sluggish. Theand Say "Gearar-delly** time m struck turned, twisted and

and time again to sink his deadly 328 fangs deeper and deeper, injecting its poison freely into the body of the King Snake. Salt Lake Gity's Newest Fopalar Hotel

Ferociously as a tiger the King

Snake fought. The sharp fangs

in his tender body enraged him. HOTELHe twisted and turned, tying his

body into a tighter coil, until his coils were as tight as bands of steel TEMPLE and until his whole shimmering length encircled his adversary. SQUARE We were thrilled! Here was a

primitive battle in the wilds. 200 Rooms each witb

Tile Bath TX7E could not help but watch Rates the deadly rattlesnake. His

struggles finally became more $1.50 to $4.00

feeble, his strikes less forceful, his Radio Connections for flacid, it was soon andbody more Every Room fight the that evident was plainly nearly over. Slowly and surely Opposite Great Mormon Temple

the poisonous reptile was being ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

suffocated, and squeezed to death.

The coils were triumphant. The im mf m- m

fAn jogx J0JAOv

A GOOD TEAM—THE IMPROVEMEIST ERA for the woolen mills is a Danishman or does he impersonate

AND RADIO in broken Danish. Thanking you kindly for all favors in

/N January 1 9 a radio broadcast sponsored by The Imadvance, I am Yours truly, provement Era was put on the air and followed with Mrs. Laura Brunson.

another on the following Saturday evening. During the V V V

period John D. Giles, circulation manager of the magazine, Daysland, Alta.

announced that those who would drop a card to The ImDear Sirs:

provement Era would receive a copy lof the November numPlease send me your November issue of the Era as per ber free, as long as it lasted. More than 500 requests for your radio announcement. Your radio station is the best

the magazine have been received up to date and all requests station to which we listen. I am an exsoldier of the Great

have been granted. It was surprising to note how far the War and confined to my bed permanently, but I still get

radio waves reach out as requests came from as far away as a lot out of life, ahd listening to your radio station gives

Pennsylvania and Connecticut. me many hours of pleasure.

Below are typical letters: Yours for success,

Rooney. Ed.

V Rapid City, S. D. V V

Dear Sir: the Border Montana up Near

I did enjoy your talk so much on the radio Thursday Dear Brethren:

evening. I would appreciate a copy of your magazine that For several weeks I have been fortunate in being able to

you offered. listen in on the programs sponsored by the publishing

Sincerely Yours, department of the Improvement Era. I have enjoyed them

Thomas Hopkins. very much. In past years we have had the Era in our home

V V V it a, visitor. lost are been always has and welcome We Edgerton, Alta.

it says, will at time. the present without however, he Dad

S. City. L., Salt K. Lake

I it able to again. subscribe be listened for night Last soon

Sirs: Dear it. thrilled to attentively the program with and was The

I the listening the to been La,tterday have of programs a that copies of the announcement had you few November past the years, like three for to Saint Church and would issue people asking, could the which for has have prompted the of about more proved "Book by know Mormon,"I letter. if still this shall a appreciate receiving copy you

I this archaeology. will see writing please to send if you am this reaches one have the you. for when you Thanking

a it injterests If of the us, us sample Era. copy Improvement that will hoping subscription be the and same soon we on

it. will subscribe certainly for enjoy music we your We I list, best wishes. with am,

programs. and respectfully. Very

Sincerely, Yours Mrs. Ruth Walrath.

% V V Alta. Wanham,

Cal. Alturas,

Gentlemen S. a,nd in listening tonight, In L. K. hopes were on am We I ajid miles of located north four Edmonton, hundred am receive letter of will in to time one reach your you my I tell wife to that our we, and and our want you boy my free the charge. issues of of (November Improvement Era the radio neighbors, very programs your enjoy on much

etc., to pamphlets, regard in the appreciate any Would

I gift a set the to for purchased Christmas as of S. are the L. Church members Church, and D. way we in that agrees family. the Peace country River Everybody

the never hear of here unable Church. out where we Am is S. best L. in the the station can on. tune K. We, we the to as understand children bring to they Church up my

it else here family, account than of enjoy more anybody on love reading that any be Therefore, should. would would

fact are the Salt the that only and Lake from we Mormons benefit to of them.

left here. since in have 1922. not met one we home We sincerely, very Yours

are literature well faith supplied We of with our books and Mrs. Fischer. Charles

little I line. a like in occasionally that do and would work V V V

to get idea of so broadcasts could your have an program we Gait, Missouri.

Dear Sir: of what is to come on the air and at what time to look for it.

I heard an announcement over your station last evening, I would also like to get the Improvement Era. Also I heard

January 19, for all listeners in to write for a copy of the before we came here that there was to be printed a copy of

November issue of the Improvement Era. However, I didn't the Book of Mormon in a story like form. If it Is out, I

hear the address so I am writing to your station to see if would like to get it for my boy, who Is 14 years old. If

I can get it. you will kindly look into these requests for me and let me

Yours respectfully, know the cost I will be glad to send a money order by return

Mrs. C. F. Terry. mall and be very gratefully obliged to you.

"W> V V Yours truly, Bridgeport, Conn. A. D. St. Pierre.

Gentlemen: V V V

I wlill appreciate receiving the November issue of the Holbrook, Arizona.

New Era. Your program came over very clear and I enjoyed The Improvement Era.

it greatly. Gentlemen

Very truly yours, I have just finished reading the January number of the

S. S. Moran. Improvement Era for 1933 from cover to cover. I find the

V V V information Inclosed therein to be very elevating. As I am a

Elko, Nevada. salesman I find plenty of time evenings to read. I would

K. S. L. rather, by far, read the Era through than to kill time by

Dear Sirs: sitting In the hotel lobby listening to the conversations of

I sure would like a copy of the Era that you spoke about other salesmen, though they are at times very amusing. My

over the radio. This is a hospital and it will be passed only objection would be that the Era should be published

from one to another to read.! Can you tell me if the twice monthly instead of monthly. I enjoy reading worthChurch has any literature printed in the Hungarian lanwhile material.

guage. Sincerely yours,

And can you tell me if Peter Spraynozzle that broadcasts H. J. Carlson.

Cjfrom Europe to (Australia!

via Salt Lake City That is the direct mail response record of

TJie only Radio Station covering the entire

Salt Lake & Ogden Markets Day & Night

JAlmost every city in the Western Hemisphere is reached daily by KSL direct. Nearly half a hundred foreign principalities have responded to its icesignal—from the

jungles—frombound Arctic tothetheAsiatictropicaloutposts to the Scandinavian Fjords.

JAND YET—This giant pioneer

broadcasting station of Western

America enjoys first ranking in

buyers of goods itslisteners—theprimary home market. JRadio

and services prefer KSL. 5For

program, clarexcellence—JFor

ity of years of dissignal—JFor

tinguished service to the communities of Intermountain

The KSLHo+el Utah Studio America.

50,000 WATTS 1130 KILOCYCLES IATIOIVAL RECOGIVITIOIV

"BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HOLDS LEADING PLACE"

"The record of our insurance organizations throughout the country have been exceptionally fine during the past two years or more of widespread economic stress. Certain institutions in the life insurance field have stood out

as outstanding examples of what may be accomplished under general adverse conditions by an organization operating In accordance with the highest ideals of insurance practice, and devoted to the highest interest of the

Company's policyholders, with a management keenly aware of the demands of present day conditions, and capable of directing the Company's course through a period that is perhaps unprecedented in our country's history.

In the group of representative organizations mentioned above we find the Beneficial Life Insurance Company of Salt Lake City, Utah, has enjoyed a very interesting history which we will comment upon briefly.

An extensive survey of the Company's financial statement reflected its

SOUND AND LIQUID POSITION, indicated the steps that have been taken to meet the trying conditions of the prolonged financial depression, and showed clearly THE FORESIGHT AND ASTUTENESS OF THE COMPANY'S

MANAGEMENT.

The conclusions we have drawn regarding the Company's fine position follow naturally from a consideration of these figures. In reviewing many

statements during the current year of some of the country's leading insurance organizations. WE HAVE NOT FOUND ONE OTHER THAT EXHIBITS A

BETTER RECORD THAN THE BENEFICIAL LIFE.

Naturally, to the officers and directors of the Beneficial must be attributed in large part its successful record over a period of twentyseven years. No organization is better than those who carry on its affairs, and

that the Beneficial is held in such high repute in the states where it operates may be stated as evidence of the esteem in which its management is held.

We feel that it is no exaggeration to say that THE REPUTATION OF THIS

INSTITUTION AND ITS OFFICERS IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WEST."

Thf Amvricnn K<nipH\ \fnYork City.

FOR ABSOLUTE SAFETY AND LIBERAL POLICY RETURNS IT'S

THE BIG HOME COMPANY BENEHCIAl IIFE INSURANCE CO Qelier I. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, General >laiia<|er