THE MITTENS in Monument Valley, Southern Utah

IMPROVEMENT JANUARY 1953 Natural Gas

#S8$g

m

I

;*gw mWm;f:"

Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The best brains are attracted to the physical sciences according to the average scores on the army general classification test given to graduates in twenty fields of specialization. The

superior, top fifth of all graduate students are also attracted to physical science in greater numbers. Though

there are excellent and mediocre intellects in all fields, the averages lead to the following order: physical sciences

except chemistry, chemistry, engineering, law, English, foreign languages, psychology, geology economics, the and OMART GIRL. She knows that

sciences, fine biologicalearth sciences, arts, nursing, history, agriculture, busiit doesn't pay to bake cookies at ness and commerce, the rest of thehumanities, the rest of the social scihome—not when she can buy

ences, education, home economics,physical education. TOWN HOUSE Chocolate Drop

Cookies at so low a price.*

f* alendar systems vary greatly in the manner in which they attempt to correlate history with the movehuman TOWN HOUSE Cookies by bodies, particuments of the heavenly larly since these movements cannot be Purity are always perfectly baked, expressed in simple relations. The

present common Gregorian calendar has perfectly delicious. Purity knows

a year days every fourth of 365 with years, how.year a leap except year century

years are ordinary exceptwhich when evenly divisible This the * A cellophaneprotected by 400. makes

difference between the calendar Grecarton of TOWN HOUSE gorian year and the true tropical or Cookies is usually priced solar year of less than 26 seconds. at 47c. Cartons average

34 cookies apiece. That

"* he normal electrical resistance of the means these delicious human body has been measured to cookiesa dozen.cost only 16%c

high frequency alternating currents, ranging from 365 to 800,000 cycles.

With deviations of about 50 ohms, the resistance of men is 535 ohms, women 655, boys 1000, and girls 980. Some

diseases cause a decrease of resistance of up to twentyone percent, and some an increase of up to thirtyfive percent, as with asthma, with a return to normal when the disease is cured.

'orty years of research on the silk-p worm in Japan changed the shape of the cocoon from peanutshaped to eggshaped, doubled the length of the fiber and also doubled its strength.

A n airgravel concrete has been developed in which the sand is replaced by tiny air bubbles produced by a resin or detergent. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

JANUARY 1953 A

THE EISENHOWER VICTORY—

NEW ALIGNMENT? m

: VS7hat does the Republican victory by Dr. G. Homer Durham

mean? Is there a new alignment?

In November, 1952 some thirtyfour Head of Political Science million Americans voted their preference Department, University of Utah forRepublicanGeneral nomineeDwight D.for Eisenhower,President of thethe and freedom for social groups, need to

United States (55% of the popular beware of such doctrines; for, in effect,

vote), contrasted with over twentyseven the rigidly "disciplined"political party cuty.bills millionof Illinois.for GovernorThe RepublicansAdlai F. Stevensoncontrol almost(the Communist,in perfection,for example,of the isidealizedtypical,

49 seats (including Senator Wayne European model) invades the area of

Morse of Oregon) in the U. S. Senate, faith and morals with a recruiting and

a majority of one, and a small majority excommunicatory system, and tends to in the House of Representatives of about become a prototype of a combined 225 to 210 Democrats. totalitarian state and a totalitarian

to save as 15% to 30% as much Want land of States is a The United great church. oath"The "loyalty pushed by

bill fuel year? year after of your diversity. (local Sectionalism feeling certain overzealous at elements the 1952

Order Curtis winter doors and that both transcends and confines itself Democratic convention, unsuccessfully, valuable windows now. They

is state lines) or community a powerillustrates the dangers. party such No inside heat your pay to home—actuallykeep ful influence. Witness Vermont, Utah, able large has ever been adherto win years. for themselves within a few

Curtis winter doors and windows and the "solid South."So are race, naence in the United States, demonstrating

make your home more comfortable, tional, religious, and ecothe vitality of the conthe—eliminatetoo. They guard your family's health nomic groupings. Labor, stitutional design undernuisance of steamed agricultural, business, and lying and permeating our windows. and frosted

professional organizations "competitive"political are particularly power- (as well as business)

BUY YOUR WINTER WINDOWS, ful. The founders of the system. "Group diploConstitution attempted macy"requires rational

structo design a political voluntary apargument, CURTIS WINTER DOORS AND of incapable being peals, not and voluntary, by the manture are made WINDOWS ufacturers of Silentite Windows and dominated or controlled oathbound, disciplined

Curtis Woodwork. We have them in by any single faction. adherents.

all styles the used commonly and This design still operates. The major From the adoption of the Constitution sizes. Call free estifor a us today

mate. There is no obligation. phenomenon of American politics has down to 1860, various American politibeen defined, accordingly, as "group cal leaders struggled to create a successdiplomacy."Group diplomacy is the ful, durable alignment. Jacksonian

task of formulating a set of policies and democracy partially succeeded, through a program that will attach sufficient a grouping of Southern and Western vital interests—sectional, racial, resectional forces, largely agricultural,

ligious, national, business, labor, agriwith the Democratic vote of Tammany (j m=j] cultural—to produce a majority—for acand New York. This first alignment t ceptable candidates—in the electoral fell apart because of the "house dicollege. vided;""free soil"and "slave"agriculCurtis combination 2-light Curtis storm interests, alignment involves tural an To produce were and South, West

storm and screen sash a lowcost—

skill, creative organizational genius, second, rent asunder. and great, The door. style.

sound principles, and the art of comproalignment was pieced together by the mise. The result is to render American Republican leaders in 1860—attaching

PHONE today 6 6 politics "undisciplined,"to make the western free soil farmers to the industrial—American party a sort of openat-bothand commercial northeast, a coalition—we'll call CIS

and measure ends, loose association. This disturbs further cemented by the emotional fires your openings. URTlS European and other naive observers who of civil war and nationalism. This WOODWORK bring their own parochial standards to coalition virtually ruled national polijudgment. In fact, European observers, tics in America from 1860 to 1932.

having never experienced the inner life Democratic opposition held fitful periods

At Your Local ofunderstandAmericanthefreedom,system. completelyConsequently,misofand,leadershipby virtue underof a splitGroverin theClevelandRepubliLUMBER DEALER theirAmericanobservationsparty system"on the and"undisciplinedon the abcantwo terms.ranks, duringIn 1932 WoodrowFranklin RooseveltWilson's

sence of "responsible party machinery"seized the opportunity to create a new or "responsible party government"coalition around the historic remnants

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. are fundamentally inaccurate. Occaof Jacksonianism—the new "Solid

Building Material Distributors sionally, some Americans, adopting the South"and the big northern cities. The

205 NO. 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. European view, argue for "strengthening depressed agricultural interests of West

KOISE, TWIN FAUS, POCATEILO, IDAHO N0, NEVADA the party system."But Americans, enand South were soon fused. The New

joying separation of church and state {Concluded on page 6)

It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

The plane that's lighter on our pockets

Nobody can squeeze a dollar and make it say "uncle"defense costs from soaring into the stratosphere.

louder than some engineers we know. For trie title of Why is General Electric specially equipped to make

20th Century Scrooge with a slide rule we nominate these savings?

... the engineers who found a way to make miniaThe $10 to $25 saving in lamps was made by the

ture aircraft lamps faster, by automatic machinery team that has had more experience than anybody else instead of one at a time. These lamps are so small that

in the world in developing lamps that will give more you could hold a dozen in your closed hand, yet a light at less cost.

modern fighter plane needs a couple of hundred to light its maze of instruments. Savings: $10 to $25 in The instruments were standardized by a group of

lamps per plane. specialists who have developed instruments to measure the destructive force of a bolt of lightning, the out-

... the engineers who found ways to standardize

put of a turbine generator, even instruments to measaircraft instruments. Once there were 260 different

ure the energy of a sunbeam.

types of engine speed indicators for jet planes. Now

only n basic types have to be made, so costs are down The new type of jet engine blade was originated by 18 per cent. scientists in a G-E laboratory. General Electric devel-

... the engineers who are perfecting new tools and oped the first jet engine in this country and is the

largest producer.

methods that will cut in half the cost of making compressor stator blades for jet engines. Estimated cash It is absolutely necessary to find economical and

saving: 55%. Criticalmaterial saving: 39%. technical solutions to problems like these to give

America more defense per dollar spent. As our defense equipment becomes more effective,

it becomes more complex and more expensive. FortuWe believe we have more people with this ability

nately, design and engineering like this in industry at General Electric than there are anywhere else. One

and the military services help to keep the nation's in every 20 people at G. E. is an engineer.

oa cwi /niz Moats am/menee i.

GENERAL ELECTRIC JANUARY 1953 \JtncLat \Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THE ERAVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jke Lkurck or

/4e6ui Lkrlst **mmmm of cU.aiier-a.au SaLnti

t-*J c-s r*> VOLUME 56 NUMBER 1 Aanuarf 1953 (V

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: RUBY H. MORGAN

Editors: Contributing ARCHIBALD

S. HARRIS, FRANKLIN JR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM Jke C-tover

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

Manager: General ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN R.D. CURTISGILES -- AdvertisingAssociate Manager:Director: BERTHAVERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER Warm rainbow colors against the cool

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR blue of the sky serves as our cover picture

this month. It is the work of Ray

Atkeson. The study is the Mittens in

Monument Valley of southern Utah.

The Editor's Page The Significance of the Sacrament President David O. McKay 13

Church Features EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Evidences and Reconciliations: CLXXI—What Causes the Turmoil Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

of this Age? John A. Widtsoe 15 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Wain St.

The Stick of Judah—I Hugh Nibley 16 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

"Choose You This Day Whom Ye Will Serve"XeGrand Richards 30

Inc., CorporaFunds, 1953 by a Mutual Church Moves The On Improvement of the Men's Mutual 8 Presiding Bishopric's Page......44 tionCopyright Young

42 Priesthood Melchizedek of Christ of Jesus of Church the Association

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

John A* Widtsoe—18721952 Marba C. Josephson 18 at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2,

"Their Works Shall Live After Them"Grace M. Candland 26 1918.

responsible for unEra is not Improvement contributions. manuscripts, welcomes but Ezra Taft Benson—Agricultural Statesman David W. Evans.27 Thesolicited

The Spoken Word from Temple Square All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Richard L. Evans 34, 36, 40, 47 postage for delivery and return.

Bell Idea, Here's Louise Price.. 6 the Universe, Franklin S. Exploring An

Change of Address 1 S. Nellie Shared, Milk Shake Harris, Jr.

for of adnotice required change days'Fifteen 10 Turner VicTimes: The Eisenhower

please include change, a ordering dress. When Your Page and Ours 64 G. Alignment? New Thesetory—A of issue slip the magazine. a recent from address

2 Durham Homer old the unless be cannot changes made Address address as well as the new one is included.

Today's Family Religious Education at School Helping My Child Make Friends,

Is it Important? Rex A. SkidAnnie Laurie Von Tungeln....54

National Advertising Representatives more 52 FriendshipPeel Baskets, Billee Thomas 56

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building ies, Poetry San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Home is for Learning Joyce Knudsen 21 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

Trouble Insurance for Bob Lucille Harvey Walker 24 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES "As Unto the Bow., "—Part V Edith P. Christiansen 32 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Butler.. 10 SONS & Dawn, Ormonde Above The Resolve, Alena Perry

St. LaSalle 61 DAVIS30 N. Frontispiece, Weathervane, Old

Illinois Chicago, Home, Lucille Our House, Our 11 Genee Edythe Hope

Poetry Page 12 Hovell 63 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations.

TodaysMost Modern

bwCostTractors EAGL Works one big row, pulls two plows. New

Model "VAS"has offset engine for straight lookahead along single row, extra clearance under adjustabletread axles for corn, tobacco, tomatoes, asparagus, nursery stock. Front HITC gangs steer instantly for fast, close cultivation

Hitch rear tools clean up wheel tracks.

Fdraiincj—Eagle

81Ve* short /"* ax'e for M,,

cultivafdouble.- Works wfth

g"*s as 'stand!Trow Voters andwei ow? a#ie Hitchw lty

<**T, and WS'

Eagle Hitch SpikeTooth Harrows fold narrow to go through gates, open wide and flexible for fine, fast work. They lift by Constant

Hydraulic Control to dump trash or travel without touching. Eagle Hitch SpringTooth

Harrows have similar convenience, controlled penetration. Tractor is Model "VAC."

Why go on working the old, hard way? Why settle tors—ModelsBig 2-plow and"SC"3-plowand sizes"DC"—haveof Eagle allHitchtheseTracad-

for anything less than Eagle Hitch Farming when vanced features, plus Constant Power TakeOff.

you buy a tractor? itCompletelybrings forageindependentharvesterofortractionother PTOclutchmachineand gears,up

There are nine eagerpowered 2-plow tractors in to speed before moving into crop, keeps it running the Case "VA"Series. They all give you oneminute during stops and starts.

hookup to rearmounted implements—often without getting off the tractor seat. You get the SEND FOR BIG NEW CATALOG

pictorial folders. Get catalog here or or Mark

write tractor thatConstantDepth Principle—freefloating action for interest in margin or machines

better depth control in plowing. You get Constant yon.EagleJ.HitchI. CaseTractors—Co., Dept. A-44QEagleRacine,Hitch Wis.

Hydraulic action, Series Implements moving or "VA"D 2-plow Control—instant

2-plow "SC"plow "LA"OBig D45standing, independent of clutch and gears. Tractor D3plow Model "DC"

too—includingThere are dozensBreakAwayof EaglePlowsHitchforimplements,stony land Na

and the Utility Carrier that takes the lifting out of Postoffice farm hauling. Look them over now. RED.State.

SeeYou r CASE Dealerfor a Demonstration

THESE TIMES (Concluded from page 2) ment? F.D.R.'s alignment was built

Deal coalition in 1936 carried fortysix after 1932 by the A.A.A., the Wagner Act, and social welfare policies—by an Daqnes of fortyeight states, dominating Ameriexpanding role for the national governcoalition until can politics 1952. The /WUmic Cy.

including impressive, the Negro ment. was

vote, reliably Republican until 1932. Can an alignment be built by a

How did Eisenhower win? DemoCandiminishingpoliticallyroledamagingfor nationaldeflationstatism?and

cratic margins in big northern cities unemployment be avoided when the war were reduced; the farm vote rejoined economy subsides? Are a war economy

Republican ranks; white collar and and "military socialism"to be perskilled workers were detached from the manent features of American life? Or

Democrats in part, as were elements of can war and international tensions, the the South, plus the new voters, whose producers of national statism, be reconscious childhood (from age ten or duced, and a new era of an expanding twelve in 1940 or 1942, to voting age "free"economy be developed? The

twentytwo to twentyfour in 1952) had campaign slogans of faith, integrity, been filled with radio, press, and photothrift, and virtue cannot be enacted. Can

graphic accounts of Dwight D. Eisenthey be inspired? These are basic tasks

hower as of no other man of his time. on the home front in the new year.

CAN PLAY "turns over."It turned in 1952. Is Republican alignment hinges on these? ANYONE Every so often, we say, the country The question of a new and successful

there a new alignment, as with the questions. Military socialism under

LincolnRoosevelt victories of 1860 and Republican auspices can attach and

Any piano player or organist can 1932? That is the question of 1953. congeal "interests"as well as under

easily learn the "feel"of the New There are elements of a new alignDemocratic rule. But Republicans have

inexperienced—even Connsonata are the farm, youth, ment. added They practiorder. better a promised The

learn quickly hands to "make skilled votes. whitecollar, labor At and are cal tasks elimito twofold: then (1) it. music"Everything about on

is reliably the not South the moment nate the of hazards or reduce and war the Connsonata makes you New "feel at home."attached to Republicanism so much as war spending; (2) to develop an exto Eisenhower. Herbert Hoover carried panding economy in the face of the defive southern states in 1928. The creaflationary influences which will follow

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY tion of Republican party strength in this reduction of international tensions. All

4547 South Main region remains. may well hope and pray for success in

City, Utah Salt Lake Please forward complete information on The crucial question is, can Eisenthe venture, for the basic issues in these the Electronic Connsonata Organ. hower make free enterprise principles times are rooted in man's spiritual conwork to expand the new, slender aligndition.

Name

Address. mirror can be made up into three

City Zone. Here's An Idea! panels, as was done here. The center

portion is stationary, the other two by Louise Price Bell open back to form a triple mirror \ Paynes Music Co. such as we see in men's and women's

one wall of a studio bedroom, furnishings. Closed, the wall inIF such as the boys in the family creases visual size of room; open, the urn often like, is mirrored, the room occupant has perfect setup for care45-47 South Main will actually seem twice as large. ful grooming. A light above the staSalt Lake City 1, Utah Not only that, but if this wall intionary panel makes the arrangement

cludes closet and storage space, the ideal at night and on dark days.

Give the Best!

Ostler's Paradise! The

most delicious, finest quality chocolates made! For every important occasion be

sure they're Ostler's wmm Paradise! mk

Ostler's PARADISE WINNER Of 20 FIRST PRIZES AT UTAH STATE FAIR!

Sold wherever GOOD CANDY is sold! Ask for it!

OSTLER CANDY COMPANY, Sail Lake City, Utah

W$$ soStT to Read More and Better Books

Enrich your life and the lives of those you love with the learning and faith gathered from good books. Never in our history have

we been able to offer a finer selection of wonderful new books...

books that the whole family will enjoy reading and treasuring in 1953.

- THIS GREA TMORMON NOVEL! NOWA VAILABLEAGAINFor This j

I d?. My Glory

BY PAUL BAILEY % This magnificent, stirring novel has been reprinted by popular demand. It is far more m

than a historic recital of neglected American |LS lore. Across the throbbing pages weaves the fl

Mormon pageant from its mysterious genesis 1 in western New York down to the Utah V9**** *-** '- polygamy crusade, including the famous #/ march of the Mormon Battalion... a volume Jf&V

that's destined to live long in your memory. %*

l SJOO

M j*-f Record Binders with Four Mormon Temples

iff*

/ 5 <* m IS? V

NEW DELUXE: P m'h

Binders sis

* ARIZONA * CALIFORNIA * IDAHO * SALT LAKE:mmsm Now you can order these ever popular binders with the gold

llll embossed temple of your choice—Salt Lake, Idaho, California or Arizona. Especially designed to accommodate all present gen- $300

rtmmzM ealogicalposttype forms.extension.Black or brown leatherette cover with convenient EACH

Beautifully and durably made. Strong

metal hinge for lasting service. Attractively colored leatherette covering—rust,

blue and black. Heavily reinforced

throughout and will safely protect your family records and genealogical forms for years. ftookGafi1186

Salt SOUTHLake CityMAIN4, ut ah

JANUARY 1953 The Church moves on A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

1 ft Marvin J. Ashton, chairman of 1 aPresident David O. McKay dediOctober 1952 the athletic committee of the 'cated the combination Lake View

PJ Elder David Lawrence McKay, Y.M.M.I.A. general board, announced Ward chapelLake View (Utah) Stake

formerly second assistant general that M Men basketball participation house.

superintendent of the Deseret Sunday this season would probably reach one Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the

School Union, sustained as first assistant, thousand teams for the first time in hisPresiding Bishopric dedicated the chapel succeeding Elder A. Hamer Reiser, who tory. Last year there were 970 teams of the North Spokane Ward, Spokane

is currently serving as president of the playing. (Washington) Stake.

British Mission. Elder Lynn S. Richards Elder Leonard T. Ralphs, formerly

sustained as second assistant superin- I The First Presidency announced first counselor, sustained as president tendent of the Deseret Sunday School the appointment of Elder William of the American Falls (Idaho) Stake,

Union. President Reiser remains a F. Perschon to preside in the Swisssucceeding President George R. Woolley,

member of that general board. Austrian Mission, succeeding President who is chaplain of the Veterans AdThe one hundred twentythird semiSamuel E. Bringhurst. President ministration Hospital in Salt Lake City.

annual general conference of the Church Perschon has been president of an Elders Raymond M. Whittier and

closed. Permanently installed public elders'quorum, a stake missionary, a Grant M. Beck sustained as counselors

address systems on the grounds of Temmember of a ward bishopric, bishop, in the stake presidency. Elder I. Ford

ple Square were used for the first time and a counselor in both the Pioneer Roberts, retiring second counselor in this conference. and Temple View (Salt Lake City) the stake presidency, was sustained as

The Deseret Sunday School Union stakes. At this call he was an ordisenior member of the high council.

held their regular Sunday evening gennance worker in the Salt Lake Temple eral in the conference Tabernacle. Here of Hillside the and a member Ward, annual second "Meet The Me at

as sustained followingthe were memStake. (Salt City) Park Lake Monument 21 throughnight was held Mutual"

S. generalbers board: of the Lynn

that Elder announced Spencer It was the out Church.

SterlingRichards, Smith Sill, J. W. of of the the Council Kimball W.

Jacobs, Clair W. Johnson, Delmar Twelve and President Bruce R. Mc- O i The First Presidency announced

Dickson, C. Manley Brown, Clarence Conkie of the First Council of the * the appointment of Elder Leo B.

Tyndall, Norman R. Gulbransen, Joseph Seventy would make an extensive tour Valentine as president of the Argentine

F. Cowley, Wallace G. Bennett, Addie of the Mexican Mission and instal Mission, succeeding President Harold

Gilmore, Camille W. Halliday, MarElder Gordon Romney as president of Brown. President Valentine, a faculty

garet Hopkinson, Mima Rasband, and the newly formed Central American member of Brigham Young University,

Edith M. Nash. Mission. filled a mission in Argentina from 1935

1 A Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the Enrolment at Brigham Young Unito 1938. He is a former member of the

Presiding Bishopric and Elder versity this fall has reached 6857. This Provo Stake high council and the

Edward O. Anderson, Church archifigure includes the L.D.S. Business ColProvo Stake presidency.

tect, left Salt Lake City for a tour of lege Branch, and the collegelevel stuinspection of Hawaii, New Zealand, dents at the McCune School of Music O pr An Institute of Religion building

Australia, Tonga, Rarotonga, American and Arts Branch, both in Salt Lake ""for southern California L.D.S. colSamoa, and British Samoa. They will City. About half the students on the lege students will be started by the first

inspect L. D. S. construction under way Provo, Utah, campus come from outside of the year and plans call for its comand visit building sites for chapels and the state. Students come from fortypletion so that it will be ready when

schools. While in Tonga, Bishop six states and eighteen foreign counschools open in the fall of 1953, it was

Buehner will dedicate the school retries. announced. The building site is one

cently built by the Church there. The first major pouring of concrete block off the campus of the University

I 9 Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the for the foundations of the Los Angeles of Southern California, in Los Angeles.

Council of the Twelve dedicated Temple was accomplished this week, as the chapel of the Cascade Branch, workers poured 385 yards of cement in O O Mt. Rubidoux Stake organized

Weiser (Idaho) Stake. a single day. It filled the forms of one "from portions of San Bernardino

Elder LeGrand Richards of the of the two large footings located in the (California) Stake with President Vern

Council of the Twelve dedicated the center section of the huge excavation. R. Peel, formerly president of the San

chapel of the Boise Fourth Ward, Boise General President Belle S. Spafford Bernardino Stake, sustained to preside.

(Idaho) Stake. of the Relief Societies of the Church, His counselors are Elders Myrthus

Elder Serge J. Lauper, formerly first was elected second vice president of the Evans and Gilbert M. Allred. Memcounselor, sustained to succeed PresiNational Council of Women at the bership of the stake is 2652, in the

dent J. Byron Barton as president of the threeday biannual meeting held in following units: Arlington, Hemit, OnSan Francisco (California) Stake. Elder New York City. This is the highest tario, Pomona, and Riverside wards,

Ira I. Somers, formerly second counselor, office that a nonNew York City resiand the Corona, Elsinore, Mira Loma,

sustained as first counselor, and Elder dent has held or can hold in the orand Perris branches. Elder Lavern M.

Wilford B. Murray sustained as second ganization which represents more than Hansen, formerly first counselor in the

counselor to President Lauper. twenty million women. Mrs. Spafford San Bernardino Stake, was sustained as

Balboa Second Ward, San Francisco has held the office of third vice presipresident, with Elders Woodrow Miller (California) Stake, organized with dent of the council for the past two and H. Duane Anderson as his counElder John Breckon as bishop. years. (Concluded on page 48)

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. JOSEPH SMITH,

Seeker After Truth, Prophet of God A new consideration on the life of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, a truly revealing biography. $3.50

2. GOSPEL THEMESMan and the Dragon

In this book Dr. Widtsoe likens sin, ignorance, superstition, greed, and other vices

to a terrible dragon, against which man wages bitter war. This book is the product

of Dr. Widtsoe's travels in Europe and the

Near East during the time when World War

II was just a dream in a few distorted minds... a powerful and fascinating collection of informal discussions. $1.50

3. AN UNDERSTANDABLE

RELIGION This book is an easyto-read exploration into 00/'the questions and problems of God and religion... What... suchis thequestion,objective asof "Whatlife?.. is. WhatGod?

Insight into problems ol contemporary life.... ofand thecompletely.hereafter?"An areaid toallthetreatedquessimply

tioning mind. $2.00

4. A RATIONAL THEOLOGY

This volume is a brief exposition showing OUTSTANDING BOOKS the coherence, reasonableness and univer- '".A sality of the Gospel philosophy. Written

an asset to any personal library. $2.00 by Dr. John A. with clarity and understanding, this book is

5. EVIDENCES AND

RECONCILIATIONSVol. I

How trustworthy is science? Does higher

education tend to diminish faith in the Gospel? a soldier love Should These his enemy? WIDTSOEWidely travelled and widely read, Dr. John A. sixtyeight of are typical briefly topics Widtsoe brought to his examination of gospel lucidly discussed. $2.25and

themes the vast knowledge and inquiring mind of the truth seeker, lending insight to com- 6. EVIDENCES AND

plex problems, explaining them with clarity RECONCILIATIONSVol. II

and understanding. He wrote interestingly and (Gospel Interpretations)

lucidly, making his message meaningful for Answersquestions. to additional challenging $2.25 every reader.

Autobiography of...

Dr. John A. Widtsoe

... his latest book 7. RECONCILIATIONSEVIDENCES ANDVol. Ill

8. IN A SUNLIT LAND Aids to Faith in a Modern Day

this to the above, two volume A companion as Godhead, covers such subjects The heartwarming life story of the Norbook The wegian immigrant who became a distinChurch Doctrine, The Priesthood, The Law prolific writer, Apostle, a guished and an ofIntelligence,Progress, andIs Theremany Progressothers. in Heaven?,$2.25 scientist. well seasoned book is The eminent

with wisdom and sprightly humor. $3.00

MJfrlv

9. IN THE GOSPEL NET

This is Deseret Booh Co.truth, whothe wasstory caughtof a woman,in the seekerGospel afternet

carried to a far country she whereand and, 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah Pr3****:*her family through found happiness

"Ti'imWai yffjjprwr't'"'* $1.75 truth. eternal ofpossession

IN10. TRUTH SEARCH OF Please send the following numbered books

is for seekers a guide intended asThis book after truth—whether young or old. For those 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 10 11

truth, for seek broadly in the searchwho is chalT0 (Circle numbers desired) to the an attempt answerthis book lenging questions: What is science? How

does the Church view science? and What Name

are the principal scientific doctrines prevailing today? $1.00 0J& Street or R.F.D.

11. WORD OF WISDOM City Zone 5taie.

Dr. John A. Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe Q Check or Money Order Enclosed n Charge My Account

sales tax. of Utah Residents 1 highly add 2% interpretaand modernA

... oftion of teachings Word postpaid. Wisdompractical shipped All L.D.S. books

1 helpful suggestions verywith some B living diet. contemporary $2.75 andon

JANUARY 1953 THIS SUMMER TAKE A MILK SHARE SHARED by Nellie S. Turner

little stool. neighbor's of boys the "Please let it stay here. 'HTwo my TOURTO EUROPE I'll be back in a minute."to I enjoy come home often. my

having them and like serving them "All right,"I smiled. He ran

cookies and milk or some other light across the street to his home.

refreshment. It fills a lonely spot in In a few minutes he was back, leadmy heart. ing his little brother, George, by the

One day one of them came alone. hand. He held the milk shake down

I fixed him a nice big milk shake. He and said, "You drink some, then I'll

sat on the stool by the table and drink some."

sipped at it, but in five minutes he It was a beautiful sight. I felt the

hadn't tasted a spoonful. tears sting my eyes as I watched. I

3*J "What's the matter, Richard,"I suppressed the desire to make another

All types of escorted or asked, "don't you like your milk milk shake but rather divided the one independent tours by air or shake?"into two glasses. I would not spoil

steamship to suit your time and "Oh, yes,"he said, as he slipped off their joy in sharing.

budget. From $842.00 and up.

Let us plan a trip you will always remember.

Our service costs you NOTHING.

Come in, call or write NOW UNIVERSAL TRAVEL SERVICE Temple Square Hotel Salt Lake City Phone 5-5924

When You Open Your SAVINGS ACCOUNT with $50.00 or more and you will receive—A. Lambert Photo

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen and pencil set.

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to ABOVE THE DAWN $25,000.

33 years of continuous operation. By Ormonde Butler

CURRENT Per pure hearts that owned faiths is from shrine Sprung as a of your soul grandeur DIVIDEND Annum The in strong mystic great pictured the I see Where

these Savings to struggle Utah whole Childlike love and truth, not alone through be nearer God long Of man's faith as well seen man's soulreceiving But victory of this, his at the and Loan end Association And prayers of humble saints. answered From

PROVO, UTAH Over all evil which has fought against I see

D. Spencer Grow, President That end. I see in you the radiant light In you what man's achieved since his first

MAIL HANDY faint COUPON air earth's prismatic through shines That steps, till standing some on stumbling And of doubts or order to check your Send money crest fears, wings starry angel the from hopes Street, And Savings, Center 172 Utah West self circumand conquering Attained by lead, to Provo, to to savings guide, pass Utah your sent book warn, and By mercy stance, set will mailed pen be and to you immeof of to souls paths the turn And men fairer of vision land a the gained He diately. peace. in spiritual awe and kingdoms, Of

Name I see in you the flowering of joys And gratitude kneeled down to pray, and

Address Heavenborn, habited to earth by prayers then

City Zone State Come down through ages past to still Above the dawn of love, at last found avail, God.

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Phtotograph by Harold M. Lambert

Old Weathervane

X found it in a dingy shop today

A rusted weathervane among a heap

Of broken, useless things; a castaway

With relics no one seemed to care to keep.

A gallant brig with faded shabby sails,

Bent and crumpled by eroding time,

Still points a prow to ghostwinds... tails

The skyships of the blue in their upclimb.

Small valiant caravel, do you still hear

The wild free trade winds in your heart of rust?

Were you in love with gales that reappear

And look for you among the ruined dust,

To seek you here and touch you lovingly

With cool ice fingers from some polar sea?

by Edythe Hope Genee

JANUARY 1953 11 HYMN FOR THE YEAR'S BEGINNING IDEALS OLD WOMAN'S PRAYER

By D. J. Roberts By Beulah Huish Sadleir By Dorothy Cruikshank Caffrey

of the the Maker: ways love

I tall sight to lose the of mounlaughter in heart WERE thereI be laid patterns patient infinitely my on His Let tains, eyes; in kindness time; And my tall? thoughts stay my Would

I the continents; counsel every generations impart Let pouredHis upon those strong, replace could What wise. gift until of the his need; temperate withheld Son, Be andThe parapets Stony make images—whose its of miracle, spreading slow, slowThe for Pockets dreams? my finally to ask I dare in voice chamber, Mary's AndOne that giant countLike through molds down greatest light, of of This boon point you song oneOne less

little let fields. task there Lord, the beBriefly bursting some on to invulnerable stand Ages

II only sure, do. his That can love ways, unhurried

I Fashion's whims, them depend upon centuries; the plodding mounting andThe I feel to the continue That permanency may

its slow, of long infancy wisdom,The architectural design. great God's Of

soul. the ripening within beautyWhite WALLS WITHIN FOUR

I love the Maker's ways: his arm

Upon my own to lift the tonnage of my MEMO TO INVENTORS By Alice Josephine Wyatt sorrow; Maryhale these shelter Woolsey epochs By volumes on of the coldness the beyondHis warmth Worn shelves. intellect.

yourself inventing done proud You've of or king queen, bindinghouses deeds One is level (It in the the hand) measure and my noisemakers. elves, ogres, of holds age Another an his breaks might whichEven

society Exuberant fiction, stories history, lean fairy And in rebellion the, breast. toweredThe

sirens, graters, squawkers, Finds poppers, fossils breathed a Against time and is when laid the healing touchHis on wound in great variety. horns And moved his contrition; eyes through andOf

I it think So nice be would now that a earth notI an known had man the Upon the earth; glimpse heaven and new new

it! profitable; try please maybe—And tilling. it have For only is remains dead to for And reach grasping not aAnd me

efficient invent If you'd device an proved hand, turn out volumes of peace quiet. To and creatures reptiles flew monster pray, to forgive, That and to to love inBut charand

ity, ran.

And to offer my gladness without shame.

AT THE SYMPHONY Within four walls a man may span all

TRANSMUTATION By Inez Sheldon Tyler Theretime;is no limit to his breadth of view.

halls of prose the marching through E. Catherine masters the heard By sounds of west While Berry Great rhyme, and blowing winds kitchen holds the perfumeT Jer live his years aeons, be though He may pine harps, violent Through tempests,** a day, Of summer few. trees, crashing

dullness against theTo spread its Eternity pages, thin pressed has roll, thunder's the torrents The mountain winter's changeless Of way. books, that enter In shortlived man may flowing,

The heady, sweet aroma And blending all created symphonies. in.

Of grape and peach and plum The spicy scent of pickles, With ears attuned we sense the gossamer touch The tang of cardamom; A GOLDEN GLEANER

Of Chopin, melodies of Mendelssohn,

These fragrances are captured by Wagner's titanic strength, a soul of such By Golda K. Hedberg

A modern alchemist, Resourcefulness and power, -he stands alone;

In rows of shining glasses Beethoven, inward spirit all aflame, nd Ruth, of olden days, gleaned in the

Of jade and amethyst! Through muted ears, beneath a starlit sky, i fields

God's sonatas; wellloved Heard Mozart, did part diligence her with and care; And

name, Following the reapers she did glean THE TIME HAS COME His, will heavensent never die. "Requiem"golden corn humbleness with and The

By Edna Hamilton Nuances, overtones, ethereal art prayer.

;;rp HE wor Wjr] never be all done,"she They wind all labyrinths of the human And I, a gleaner of the fields today * heart! said,

bearing forth my gleaming fourfold I'll have time to dream or write a Come, "When sheaf, bit, house quiteThe clean and spotless, no LATE LAUGHTER WithLordhope that I may someday meet my hands, smudged of Life find one gold leaf! No sticky mouths to wash—and time to By Mabel Jones Gabbott And in my Book

sit.

I shall bring clean, a unto neighbor Lord a body have whose children are my fill, jars to to preserves place emptyNo ideals, heart cleanest of high speech; and A grown, shelf, the pies swinging to no Upon make I

spirit glean, humble with to obedience sits An knits afternoons, all alone. and Who fresh smell Sunday, ofFor no baked and

bread, An honest mind which only truth can. and come, little reach. demands, No cake!'"like, 'Mom, make blackSo come,John, wee Susan; berry

Come now before your child days are Pure thoughts and righteous actions rule my

The time has come; she sits beside the fire gone. day

And looks into its flickering blue flames By faith I'll see my God and learn his will;

And meditates, but seemingly without Let's build a block tower, let's sew ror the I'll honor womanhood and live my Master's

Desire to write her dreams; nor mentions doll; way

names Let's rake up the leaves by the old rock That he may bless me and my cup o'er fill.

Of those who leaned on her so long, so wall;

long! And I shall then ascend unto the hill

It seems that when they married and had Come snow and winter and long years Of God, and stand there in his holy place, gone, after, Receive his blessings, and if it be his will

They took with them, her hopes—her I shall sit and knit in the warmth of your I'll know my gleaning's worth by his kind dreams—her song! laughter. face!

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Significance of the Sacrament by President David O. McKay

cYin the house of worship we have further that the Lord himself revealed the the opportunity not only of meeting friends significance of the sacrament to Paul, and Paul and of rejoicing in the strength and encouragegave specific instructions to the Church at ment that comes from them, but also of meetCorinth, in regard to the partaking of these ing God our Father through his Holy Spirit, important and sacred emblems. Again in this

and rejoicing in his presence. dispensation the Lord revealed specifically how

I believe in meetings, and I desire to emphathis part of the worship should be conducted.

size what the Lord has designated as the most (D. & C. 20:7579.) All God's ordinances and

important meeting in the Church: the sacraceremonies are sacred, but it seems to me that

ment meeting. In a text given to Joseph there is much of importance attached to this

Smith by revelation, the Lord refers to this sacrament and ceremony of the Lord's Supper.

special meeting: "It is expedient that the Now, what does it signify? You will find

church meet together often"(D. & C. 20:75) first that the sacrament is a memorial of Christ's

for the specific purpose of partaking of the life and death. When we think of his life,

sacrament. He has designated two particular we think of sacrifice. Not a moment of his

prayers to be offered on that occasion. He has mission on earth did Christ think more of himprescribed for us only a few set prayers, one of self than he did of his brethren and of the

which is the blessing on the bread and another people whom he came to save, always losing upon the water. himself for the good of others, and finally givYou will recall that on the occasion on which ing his life for the redemption of mankind.

the sacrament was instituted, the Lord himself, When we partake of the sacrament in his presthe Savior, attached great importance to it. He ence, we remember him, his life of sacrifice

had met with his Twelve Apostles in the upper and service; and we are inspired by that thought

room in Jerusalem on that memorable night and memory. There is no progress, no soul

of the betrayal. He had pointed out the growth won in this life without sacrifice.

principle associated the adwith A second traitor. of the Passover with had partaken He

is of of the sacrament ministering the bond practice, in the accordance with Jewish them and then he took bread and brake it, and said, brotherhood. In the early establishment of

'... Take, eat; this is my body, which is the Church of Jesus Christ the brethren met,

given for you. we are told, often at daybreak, to partake of this

sacrament as in the bond of brotherhood, of "He took the cup and blessed it and said, oneness. The element of brotherhood has been

Drink ye all of it in remembrance of the blood associated with it always. I remember when

which is shed for you, and this do in remem- I was a boy that there was emphasized much brance of me till I come; till we eat and drink more than we hear emphasized now the necesin the kingdom of the Father."(See Matthew sity of no one's partaking of the sacrament

26:2629; also Mark 14:22; Luke 22:19.) who had ill feelings toward another, and I

This was given just a few hours before his have heard more than one man say: "I am

crucifixion, which alone establishes its imporsorry that I hurt Brother soand-so's feelings, tance. But if we put the proper interpretation and I ask his forgiveness."He felt it necesupon the phrase in First Corinthians, eleventh sary to do so before he was worthy to partake of

chapter, which Paul used when he was teaching the sacrament.

this ordinance to the Corinthians, we learn (Concluded on following page)

JlTSCTsCnJsvTsCNC:>c>;c<5jcm ejL/t//'rl// *3 JL CfJfs

JANUARY 1953 13 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) retaliate in the same spirit of anger. When a brother

We meet in the brotherhood of Christ, all on the treats us with contempt, we are going to try to return same level, each expressing confidence in the other kindness. That's the spirit of the Christ, and that's

and all in one another. what we have promised—that we will do our best

The partaking of the sacrament indicates also to achieve these high standards of Christianity, true how communion with Christ may be secured. It Christian principles.

cannot be obtained by Sunday righteousness and The third: We promise to "keep his commandweekday indulgence. It implies that we will "rements which he has given": tithing, fast offerings,

member"Christ always. the Word of Wisdom, kindness, forgiveness, love.

And the fourth great significance is the promise The obligation of a member of the Church of Jesus that it is a means of receiving divine guidance. "If Christ is great, but it is as glorious as it is great

a friend is one who summons us to our best, then because obedience to these principles gives life, is not Jesus Christ our best friend: and should we eternal life. On the other hand, the man who seeks

not think of the communion as one of the chief to live by violating the principles is deceived by the appeals to us to be our best?"adversary and goes the way of death.

I call attention to the great obligation which To partake of the sacrament unworthily is to every member of the Church assumes when he partake a step toward spiritual death. No man can

takes of the sacrament on the Lord's day. Think be dishonest within himself without deadening the

of the prayer, revealed in this dispensation: "O God, susceptibility of his spirit. Sin can stun the conthe Eternal Father,"(an acknowledgment of God science as a blow on the head can stun the physical

as our Creator; the giver of all good; the bestower of senses. He who promises one thing and deliberately

all blessings; in whom is all power and all glory; fails to keep his word adds sin to sin. On natural prinand yet, our Father, and we his children) "we ask ciples such a man "eats and drinks condemnation

thee in the name of thy Son Jesus Christ,"(who is to his soul,"for true life consists in obedience to interceding for us, through whom all blessings are the principles of the gospel, and we promise when obtained) "to bless and sanctify this bread to the we partake of the sacrament to keep those principles.souls of all those who partake of it."(Idem 77.) And what is the blessing?—"That they may always

Bless the bread! It is only bread. There may be a have his Spirit to be with them."And I testify

mystery about the sacrament, but that mystery does to you that divine inspiration is a reality. Men and

not consist in the changing of that bread to the women who obey the principles of life and salvation, actual body of the Christ. But it is a symbol, and who sincerely repent of their sins and as sincerely

we ask God to bless it to the souls of all those who strive to live in accordance with the principles of partake of it, who "witness"(that is, solemnly the gospel, are guided and inspired by the Holy covenant in the presence of one another) "unto thee, Ghost, and are shown things to come. I testify

O God the Eternal Father"—what? that that guidance is with this Church and has been

Before we specify, think of what it means to make since the Prophet Joseph Smith established it. I

a promise. Our word is more sacred than our bond. bear you witness, too, that this 'Church is the power

Do we always stop to think, on that sacred Sabbath of God unto salvation, the gospel of Jesus Christ.

day when we meet together to partake of the sacraTo sum up, then: the operation of the law of

ment, that we "witness,"promise, obligate ourcause and effect is as constant in the spiritual realm selves, in the presence of one another, and in the as it is in the material world. You obey the principresence of God, that we will do certain things? Note ple, and you receive the blessing, and the keeping of

them. I have time merely to mention them. each promise made in relation to the sacrament

The first: that we are willing to take upon ourbrings the results and the blessings as surely as

selves the name of the Son. In so doing we choose the sun brings light.

him as our leader and our ideal, as he is the one It is good to meet together and especially to renew perfect character in all the world. It is a glorious our covenants with God in the sacrament of the

thing to be a member of the Church of Jesus Christ Lord's Supper. It is a glorious thing to be one in

and to be called a Christian in the true sense of the the brotherhood of Christ! God strengthen us that

term; and we promise that we should like to be that, we may go out and make the sacrament we partake

that we are willing to do it. of each Sunday what God intends it to be—the

Secondly, that we will always remember him—not means of strengthening the Saints; of eradicating

just on Sunday, but on Monday, and every other ill will, hard feelings, and backbiting, of establishing day, in our daily acts. When our brother hurts us, unity, love, and strength; and keeping the commandwe are going to try to master our feelings and not ments of God.

What Causes The Turmoil Of This Age?

basic cause of the world's confusion is the lack

A possessedof agreementby humanity.concerningIn thethe worldspiritualof physicaltruths OF THEby COUNCILJohn A.OF WidtsoeTHE TWELVE

phenomena men generally see alike; but in the study

of the spiritual domain personal opinions and philosophical abstractions are allowed entrance.

There is constant quibbling about definitions. Evidences

God, the first of man's spiritual concerns, is to one AND group, though of infinite majesty, a personal Being of the order of man; to another a personal Being Reconciliations

of an order wholly different from man; to another CLXXI

an impersonal, beneficent power filling the universe;

and to yet another only one of the many forces of nature. Contention and warfare arise over varying

definitions or descriptions of beliefs. Unity of belief Man is a very son of God, begotten of God; he was

must precede full peace on earth. This can be done, with the Father in the beginning. Since he is of a

if men will shed their preconceived opinions, and divine pedigree, with a spark of divinity within him, make truth the sole objective of their search. The he rises immeasurably in the world of things.

simple tests of truth are as applicable in the spiritual Then, the brotherhood of man, spoken of so lightly, as in the physical world. often with a sneer, acquires a profound meaning.

To convert the world's battlefields into cornfields; All men are children of God, brothers, in fact, of

strife into peace; and fear into faith and trust, men the same divine pedigree; with the same high destiny;

must earnestly seek out and come to agreement conunder the same loving guidance of the Father of cerning three fundamentals: the true God; man's the spirits of men. Then, every man must assume

relationship to God and his fellow men; and the some of God's responsibility in caring for the chilpurpose of human existence. Only as certainty dren of men. A person cannot let his very brothers

about these is achieved can humanity hope for rego hungry, unclothed, shelterless, or bowed down lease from the reign of terror upon earth. in sorrow. He cannot be cruel to them and be true

First, men must find God, if peace shall rule. To to his royal descent. Had this true relationship

millions of people he is but a name, of no real conseamong men been fixed in human minds, fewer quence. The leaders of one great nation have seribombs would have been dropped. Again, do we

ously proposed the return to heathen, manmade look upon our fellows as our very brothers, and strive gods. The true God may and can be found. It is to give them brotherly help?

not difficult. Hosts of earnest men and women have Third, the true purpose of life must be understood.

found him, and know that the universe is directed When the idea of chance in the universe is driven by a dominant, yet comprehensible, intelligent, creaout, purpose in all things steps in. The life of

tive, loving Being, who, as a personal Being, can and man on earth is purposeful. Mortal life is part

does speak to his children on earth. of a divine program for the eternal progress of man.

Whoever finds God wins certainty, and conquers The earth is designed for man's progress; and man's

fear, the ancient enemy of man, the distilled essence efforts should be in harmony with this purpose.

of uncertainty. A sense of power and justice comes There would be no warfare, if that purpose were

to him who learns that there is no chance in the understood, and held inviolate among mankind.

universe, but that the laws of nature are the laws These are truths the world needs to know and of God, and that humanity lives under a system accept: the existence of God; the real brotherhood

operated by an intelligent mind. To find God is of man; and, an intelligent purpose in life. Upon

humanity's first need. these foundations, peace, plenty, and prosperity, and

Second, many sorrows of man are due to a false all the gifts of our bounteous earth would be availconception of man's relationship to the Lord and able to all men. No longer then would man drift

his fellow man. There can be little respect for upon the ocean of uncertainty. The course of his

human welfare or life, if man is but a higher animal, life's voyage would be laid out before him. His

an accidental intruder on earth, or a creature of God, life's journey, guided by knowing and doing, faith made at his pleasure, as children make mud pies. and works, would lead him to the house of happiness.

Note: Dr. John A. Widtsoe, who passed away on November 29, 1952, has been editor of The Improvement

Era since June 1935 and has been writing "Evidences and Reconciliations"for The Improvement Era since October 1938. At the time of his passing we had on hand a number of articles which he had previously prepared.

This series will be continued for the next few months.

JANUARY 1953 15 The Stick of

by Hugh Niblcy, Ph. D.

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYJUDAH

I The Doctors Disagree

maintaining that Ezekiel in his

Inaccount of the sticks of Judah and

Joseph (Ezek. 37:15ff) was actually referring in prophetic language to

the Bible and the Book of Mormon, the Latterday Saints may invoke the prerogative of any pious reader of the scriptures to interpret any symbolic passage in whatever way carries the most conviction. But the

more aggressive use of the passage to support the claims of the Book of

Mormon can but elicit loud protests and challenges from the outside world. To answer these, it is necessary to demonstrate not only that

our interpretation of the passage is a possible one—for there are many

possibilities—but that it is also the

one most likely intended by the

Prophet Ezekiel. The one way to do

this is "to show (1) that Ezekiel's strange conception and manipulation of the sticks was not a bizarre or original conceit, but that it was strictly in accordance with ancient practices perfectly familiar to the Jews of that time though lost to the modern

An edict of the Empress Wu, to which her successor, the Emperor world, and (2) that the prophet put

Tai Tsung (763779 A.D.), has appended an amplification by having the a definite interpretation on the stick

new scroll placed beside the old and bound to it with a silken cloth. Here ritual according to which it can

the two sticks that are joined into one in the emperor's hand are actually hardly have represented anything but scrolls. (After J. Lechler, Vom Hakenkreuz (Leipzig, 1934), p. 74.) the two books in question.

In explaining this remarkable chapter we are not bound by the opinions

The word of the Lord came again unto Say unto them, Thus saith the Lord of even the most learned so long as me, saying, God; Behold, I will take the stick of there is no concensus among them.

of Moreover, son thou take is man, thee Joseph, of in the Ephraim, which hand in Fortunately, find perourselves we stick, writeone and it, For tribes of Israel upon fellows, his Judah, and the and in all those with agreement them Israel children for the his ofand will put comthe fect with him, with even them panions: then take another stick, and stick of Judah, and make them one stick, points on which they agree among

write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of and they shall be one in mine hand. themselves. But for the rest we need

Ephraim, and for all the house of Israel And the sticks whereon thou writest not and cannot follow them, for they his companions: shall eyes. in thine be their hand before all rush in different directions. Nor join them one to another into one And say saith the unto them, And Thus

stick; and they shall become one in thine Lord God; Behold, I will take the children do we expect others to follow our

hand. of Israel from among the heathen, whither opinions in the matter, but only

And when the children of thy people they be gone, and will gather them on to view the evidence and form their shall thee, speak saying, unto side, thou every Wilt bring and them into their own own. The distinguishing mark of

... usnot shew thou what land: meanest (Ezekiel 37:1521.) by these?

Biblical commentaries in general is a dignified unconcern for anything 16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been intended a different word would this out; 12 but still other methods

have been used. "Nor have we even have been suggested, such as "by a

to think of a flat board, but simply of a notch, dovetail, glue, or some such pieces of wood upon which a few method."13 Skinner says the prophet

words could be written,"adds Dr. "put them end to end, and made them

Keil, thus denying the wood any form look like one,"but also suggests the at all. 10 But since the Septuagint possibility that "when the rods are

renders. Ezekiel's "wood"as rhabdos put together, they miraculously grow

"staff,""rod,"and the Bible itself into one."14 Is it necessary to supoffers convincing parallels (especially pose that Ezekiel did anything at all

Numbers 17), the commentators overwith sticks? "It is a little difficult to

whelmingly favor some form of staff, decide,"says the authority just cited, and in this we gladly concur. As to "whether this was a sign that was

Ezekiel's refusal to call a staff a staff, actually performed before the people upon which Keil lays so much stress, or one that is only imagined. It

we shall see that that is significant depends on what we take to be when we come to deciding what the meant by the joining of the two "woods"actually were. pieces. If the meaning is... that

Next we are told that the two when the rods are put together, they sticks are joined together to make miraculously grow into one... it

one. How was that done? Accordis no longer necessary to assume that

ing to the brokenstaff theory, by the action was really performed."14

joining together the two broken "This symbolical action,"writes ends; 11 according to the pilgrimstaff Davidson in the Cambridge Bible,

theory by simply carrying the two "may have been actually performed, sticks together in one hand; 11 they though this supposition is scarcely

—andwere tiedthetogetherSeptuagintaccordingwouldto somebear necessary."15 (Continued on page 38)

Left, Exchequer Tallies, eighteenth century. Reduced about onethird.

Below, Exchequer Tallies, thirteenth century, and Private Tallies, fourteenth century. Reduced about onehalf.

Li

that might be called evidence on the subject. The sheer momentum of a

heavy theological phraseology, sustained by an occasional (often irrelevant) passage of scripture is thought quite sufficient to override any "saucy doubts and fears"of the layman. lllllfiiiiiipip

Two sticks are mentioned. What OICTWUI*1"

were they actually? Simply "sticks

or small pieces of wood,"according to some writers, 1 * the two parts of a broken scepter, 2 "two pieces of what was probably a broken, sceptershaped stick,"3 "sticks probably shaped like scepters,"4 according to others. "Tribal

rods"is another interpretation, based on Numbers 17; 5 and even5 "pilgrim

rods"has been suggested.* Shepherds'

staves, 7 branches cut from a common trunk, 8 and boards for writing 9 have also been considered. Against all

of these one of the weightiest authorities, Keil, insists that there is not the slightest proof that 'etz "wood,"the

Hebrew word here so lyrically interpreted, means "staff"or "rod"at all, and that if any kind of staff had

*Bibliography will be found at end of chapter.

JANUARY 1953 17—Paul Horsdal Photo

John Andreas Widtsoe - January 31, 1872 - November 29, 1952

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John A. Widtsoe1872-1952

By Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

,:,i{IKE Nephi of old Dr. Lord is anxious to bless his people, United States, and sent a qualified

John Andreas Widtsoe if they will but follow after his teachwoman as home demonstrator into felt that he had been ings. an outlying area. For almost nine

highly favored of the Education was important to Anna years he served as president of the

Lord in all his days. Gaarden Widtsoe, as it had been to Utah State Agricultural College and

Born on the tiny island of Froyen, her husband; and her children, no then received the call to become presiNorway, January 31, 1872, he moved matter at what sacrifice to herself, dent at the University of Utah, a

to Logan, Utah, when he was eleven must have the opportunity that would position he held for five years. He

years of age—halfway around the come with a college education. Dr. became president during a most diffiworld from the place of his birth. Widtsoe worked summers and after cult period, but with his usual genial,

The Lord had favored the mother of school to provide as much of the sincere recognition of the problems

John and his brother Osborne by needed money as possible. Scholarhe reached conclusions and initiated

bringing through his missionaries the ships, fellowships, also, assisted the programs that quickly won the supgospel message of hope to her—and young student—but with it all went port of the board of regents and the

to her sons. the diligent, happy service of a mothfaculty.

Like Nephi, also, Dr. Widtsoe er who wished the best for her sons, Naturally, the foremost incentive

could say that he had seen many even mortgaging the home to insure in his life was his Church activity; it

afflictions in his day—but he had the desired training. was what gave purpose and direction

triumphed over them and turned With his marriage to Leah Eudora to all of his multitudinous activities.

them to his advantage. When Dr. Dunford on June 1, 1898, he received From the time of his baptism in

Widtsoe was a child of six, his father one more impetus for educational 1884 throughout his life he accepted died, leaving the widow and her two achievement. With her in the sucthe calls that came to him—servsons to make their way. Wealth they ceeding fall he went to George ing as secretary of the deacons'

did not have, but they knew the value Augustus University, Goettingen, quorum and of his priests'quorum, of work. Difficulty also confronted Germany, on a Parker fellowship from and later as stake secretary for

them when they moved to a land Harvard University—and on money the elders'quorums. For ten years

where their native Norwegian had to that had to be borrowed. Two years (18951905) he was a member of the

be supplemented by the more difficult later he returned with the prized Cache Stake Sunday School board,

English. But to Dr. Widtsoe his scientific work and with a still greater and one of his assignments as an

adopted tongue has become the means prize, his and his wife's first child, Apostle has been as an adviser to the of expressing his original thoughts in a daughter, whom they named in Deseret Sunday School Union. Even

strong, succinct language. Thirty honor of Anna Gaarden Widtsoe. during his years of study in Germany

books and innumerable articles and The desert places shall blossom as he served as a missionary. From 1906

manuals bear testimony to the fact the rose had long been in the mind to 1936 he served as a member of the that he mastered what might to others of Dr. Widtsoe. He knew that the Y.M.M.I.A. general board, and in

have seemed a handicap. Lord had promised it, and man could 1907, having become a seventy, he

Poverty in the new land was alhelp fulfil the prophecy. He turned was set apart successively as president

ways waiting for the Widtsoes, but his attention to the lifegiving irrigain two quorums of the seventies. From

pride and selfreliance were strong tion projects that have made the great March 17, 1921, Dr. Widtsoe has

enough to defeat this affliction. Of arid plains bear bountiful harvests. served as a member of the Council

course, "grits"became the substitute His last great project, aside from his of the Twelve, during which time he for more appetizing food during one calling as an Apostle of the Lord, has presided over the European Mislong period of privation. Through was in the interest of reclaiming the sions of the Church, organizing the

this and similar experiences Dr. Widtbarren regions of our great neighbor Czechoslovak Mission. He has rensoe learned the value and the wise use to the north, Canada. dered yeoman service in the geneof money as well as the value of His service to the state of Utah is alogical society, the Church board of

wholesome food. wellknown and deeply appreciated. education, the welfare committee, in

To him as to his mother and He developed the experiment station addition to the pressing assignbrother the blessings far outweighed of the U.S.A.C. on a recognized basis, ments at stake quarterly conferences

the afflictions—and his testimony has secured the appointment of probably throughout the United States, Canrung out to this generation that the the first agricultural agent in the (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1953 19 JOHN A. WIDTSOE - 18721952

(Continued from preceding page) kindness and affection. Judicious Brother Widtsoe, in conclusion, I

ada, and Mexico. He was called to praise is to children what the sun is am saying, for your fellow workers in

the editorship of The Improvement to flowers."the Presidency and the Twelve, for

Era in 1935. It is this quality expressed, I repeat, these thousands who are assembled

From the funeral services held for wherever merited, that has encourhere in these impressive services, and

Dr. Widtsoe in the Tabernacle, aged and stimulated many students, for a million others whose lives you

December 2, 1952, we have gleaned who sought Brother Widtsoe's advice, have touched, that all with one heart some of the tributes of those who adand were encouraged thereby to press agree that, "You have lived unselfishdressed the vast congregation. on to achievement. * * * ly, you have served God and helped

Second, I would name, as has been your fellow man, and used your time

President David O. McKay mentioned and emphasized today, and your talents industriously for the

* * * I wish I could summarize, or particularly by Elder Evans, his love advancement of human good."

are not going to say goodbyeI feel to summarize the tributes paid of truth. A man who makes the We

to Sister Widtsoe, in the words of a greatest contribution to humanity is to you, but au revoir, for to us you he who loves and follows truth at all are just away, associating with thatMr. Appleton, who, in paying tribute

to womankind said that behind, the costs. I quote from one of his books, fine, handsome son, missionary boy,

success of every man lies the quiet, I think it is his latest: "From my earMarsel, and your other loved children,

pervading influence of a good woman. liest youth education became my obmembers of the Council who have

In one of his paragraphs he says of jective. There was a real relish for gone before you, and you are in the

Redeemer, of your learning in my soul.... In the little presence whomher, * * * so well. you have served

"Helping, loving and serving.

that wereUrging when Jr. best. "/ want to say to you frankly President J. Reuben Clark,Keeping her fears in hiding

Deep in her quiet breast. that I have nothing to recomThis man was a man of great disThis is the woman who kept him mend me except one thing—and tinction and great achievement. * * *

True to his standards high, thousands of men can say the He chose for his profession the field

Helping, loving, urging still. same thing—I have done a day's of chemistry, the field which too often

Win you can, you must, you will."work all the days of my life; and develops intellects into doubt and

I into atheism. sometimes think But bless Sister you, for God Widtsoe, he if that can spoken of me, 1

I can about summarize view own mythe inspiration to this you been have shall quite satisfied."he field, this his in and by him workgreat is good and man. world The

that wherever men saw blindbetter off because of your loyalty and ]. A. W. saying

devotion to your beloved husband. forces at work and at play, he saw

It is said that "our echoes roll from God. Throughout his life, as I see

soul to soul and go forever and forred diary from January 28, 1888 to it, he brought to bear the full ever."As we recall in memory the June 7, 1891 there is a constant cry treasurehouse of his great knowledge

deeds, the accomplishments of Dr. and prayer for more education, high in the field of science to advance the

Widtsoe, I would wish that we might school and college. That urgent decause of our Heavenly Father. That

connote with his life, three dominant sire made education achievement was the key to his work throughout virtues, which I name more in summore easily possible."* * * life.

mary than discourse. Truth, and strength to accept it. As has been said, he sought to aid

First I would name, his willingness, That is a quality of a great man, who his fellow men, temporally as well we might say his eagerness, always to chooses the truth with invincible as spiritually, and how well he sucspeak well of others. If you will resolution. I commend that charceeded is evidenced by the growth of

recall your conversations with him, acteristic. agriculture in this country, not only

your deliberations in counsel, what And the third, his desire and love in this state, but throughout the you have read in any of his books, to serve his fellow men. It is said world.

bring to your mind any of his serthat the greatest and sweetest enHe loved truth, he delighted in mons, you will find that whenever comium ever paid by one of the sharing it with others, and that led he referred to a friend, an associate, Apostles of his Master was that sayhim to the very great amount of work a teacher, a child, he always spoke ing of Peter's: "He went about doing which he did with his publications

favorably of him. good."As a true disciple, and Aposon many, many subjects. But behind

It has been said that "many men tle of the Lord Jesus Christ, Dr. John each work he wrote, again I say, was

know how to flatter; few men know A. Widtsoe spent his life going about his belief in God, the Father, and

how to praise."Elder Widtsoe is one doing good. his Son, Jesus Christ, and in the

of the rare men who know how to In the concluding paragraph of In Restored Gospel, the restored priestpraise. It is that quality, I think, a Sunlit Land, he writes as follows: hood.

which has endeared him to so many "I hope it will be said of me, I have I think, perhaps, his greatest tens of thousands of young men and tried to live unselfishly, to serve God achievement in one sense, the indiwomen. It is true that: "Words of and help my fellow man, and use my vidual sense, was in the home which

praise are almost as necessary to warm time and talents industriously for he and Sister Leah built. He taught

a child into genial life as acts of the advancement of human good."(Continued on page 58)

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Iooking back on it afterwards,

Jessie decided that part of the

I credit must go to the chocolate banana walnut coconut pie. It was

one of those occasions when a humble instrument was chosen for important work. That whole eventful

day was climaxed by the tragedy of the fateful pie.

At daybreak there was no promise that the ending of this day might be different, that she might be a subtly changed person by nightfall. Jessie

reached blindly for the outraged alarm clock, nudged Alan, and then moaned softly as her waking senses picked up the steady patter of rain.

Another rainy day, another day of washing draped about the kitchen, of Eric and Tulla fretting inside the house! Another day of work, interruptions, and irritationsl

Alan stumbled out of bed, and Jessie muttered because her slippers acquired elfin wings during the sleeping hours and were inevitably four feet away from the spot where she had kicked them off.

There were five minutes of companionable peace while they ate a hurried breakfast together and murmured morning monosyllables.

Alan's early rising to catch the plant's by Joyce Knudsen seven o'clock whistle had this one consolation; in the gray, misty dawn her face properly. She dropped Tulla way to the office. Looking forward

husband and wife sleepily snatched into her play pen for a moment, to handling the day's little crises in one brief interval of quiet together. found Eric's slippers, and scuttled business efficiently. Efficiency!

Alan was starting for the door into her own bedroom to dress hurShe grinned at her reflection wryly.

when the resounding crash echoed riedly. In the hall Alan sighed heavWhat chance did efficiency have in

from the children's bedroom. "Take ily as he reached for his coat. Jessie's a home? Tulla and Eric were past

it easy,"he said, as he bounded into quick ears caught the sigh, and the the time of rigid schedules. You

the bedroom. Hard on his heels, gray clouds outside the window couldn't follow household routines

she knew at once that Eric had done seemed to drift inside, seeping into or finish one job at a time efficiently it again. Eric, like his father, fasciher thoughts. What's happened to when there were liable to be forty

nated by the mechanics of things, us lately? Alan doesn't smile as irritating interruptions in an hour.

had slipped the catch on his big much as he used to. The children Alan's head bobbed into the bedcrib again. He sat, bluesleepered are highly strung, little vessels of room for a brief kiss, and Jessie barely

legs dangling over the side, wide eyes destructive energy. I feel like an had time to reflect upon its brevity

innocently studying the big scar on old woman. before Eric began clamoring for his

the oak floor where the rail had She knew she was gripping the breakfast. Scolding him into discicrashed. comb with fingers that were too tense. plined good manners, she reached

"Oh, Eric, I've told you so often Why did her soft hair perversely for the double boiler with one hand not to play with that. Now you've knot in the morning? Why did the and the cereal package with the other.

marked the floor and wakened Tulla!"day inevitably start with a crashThe day had really begun.

"Take it easy, honey,"Alan rebang? For one stolen moment she

quested absently. "I can fix it."gazed at her young face in the bedAt eleven months Tulla was de-

"You can't fix Tulla's being room mirror and studied the little ciding she was quite old enough awake,"she replied. Scooping the lines around her mouth, the frownto administer to her own mouth. She

blonde little girl out of the smaller creases between her eyes. gripped her spoon in imitation of

crib, she added resignedly, "Well, I'm not old, she rebelled. I'm still her mother's tension, lifted it jerkily

here we go!"young. It's only a few years ago to the vicinity of her nose, and then

that I was slipping out of bed happoured the porridge into her right

Tt was always the same, the housepily, looking forward to a day of ear.

hold in a whirlwind of activity adventure. Looking forward to goodNo, not that way!"Jessie debefore she even had time to wash natured jostling in the busses on the (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1953 21 HOME IS FOR LEARNING (Continued from preceding page) paid, during which time Eric accitests. "You didn't cry when you

spaired. "Oh, why won't you let me dentally spilled his milk in a white pinched your finger,"she accused

feed you?"gush over the table. sharply. "Why cry now just because

With a blob of porridge protruding But lunchtime wasn't too bad. I've put you in a nice safe place?"

from one tiny ear, a sticky covering Jessie moistened the cloth with But Tulla remembered that she on the tip of her nose, and glistening turpentine again and gently rubbed had been in the nice, safe, monotomittens of porridge on her little hands, the crayon -smeared record. Two had nous place nearly all morning. Jessie,

Tulla looked at her mother with a been cleaned—but how much of half her mind upon the job of cutting

puzzled and hurt expression. Beethoven had been erased? She Tulla's new dress, now methodically

"I bet I messed p'enty, too, when I pushed the dark thought from her pinned pattern sections, while the was liddo,"Eric offered from behind mind. This little time while the other half of her consciousness re-

a slice of toast smeared with a strange children were in bed peacefully napflected moodily: What on earth did

I do with Eric at that age? Too youngred liquid. ping—this was the time she had

"Eric, what's that?"planned to use for writing to Aunt to learn not to touch things and too

"Catsups,"he announced blandly. Erma, or cutting out Tulla's new full of energy to be shut in a corner

"It was on the table."dress, or looking for the slipcover most of the day!

Deftly Jessie replaced the catsup patterns. She rubbed the record a Eric burst through the back door.

toast with a fresh bowl of cereal. little harder. "A rainribbon! There's a rainribbon,

"Just because I forgot to put it away The house was quiet as only a Mama!"

last night doesn't mean you have to house can be when children are lying Jessie pondered the announcement sample it, duck."in abandoned, concentrated midday with interest. "Rainribbon. RainTulla, attention diverted from hersleep. A tiny finger of sunlight crept ribbon. Would it be a rainbow?"

self, slithered her hands into her through the kitchen curtains, slid "Rainbow,"he acknowledged cereal bowl and blissfully wriggled over the records and turpentine on cheerfully. "Come see, Mama."

her fingers in the warm, wet softthe table, and accusingly pointed to "And bring Tulla, too,"he added ness. a dab of porridge on the floor. Jessie magnanimously.

followed the finger of light from the Jessie lifted the baby from the play

Jessie sighed happily. The washing floor back to the window again. pen and stood with Eric in the open

was done; Tulla was taking her Outside, the gray rain clouds were at doorway gazing at the glory of the

morning "rest"; and Eric had been last shifting. The sun nudged berainbow.

quietly occupied for five minutes. She tween them, seeking elbowroom here "Why, Mama?"the small voice

ducked back into the kitchen, exand there. Jessie put down her asked. "Where does it come from?"

pertly avoided one line of damp washgreasy cloth and smiled at the sky. "God sends it,"she answered softing, and surveyed the other. Well, Efficiency or not, she decided, this ly. "God sends it to tell us the rain

is over. It will be sunshiny now."at least it was all up. Now—with is one job I leave undone. Quickly

luck—three hours of ducking and she cleared away the turpentine and For another moment she stood, one

bobbing would see it dry. records. And as she reached for a

For a few seconds she allowed herfallen rag, her eye was caught again self to dream of a house with an by the spot of dried porridge.

electric dryer. Eric. What was Eric "I was sure I got all of it,"she

doing? She turned abruptly, remuttered. But she hadn't. There it

ceived a slosh of wet shirt, and was to mock her. And there a spot

whirled unchecked into the living of catsup and over there a dab of room. strained carrot!

Lying on his stomach, the little "Well, you can't wash a floor with boy was completely absorbed in the children running about,"she defascinating effects of his wax crayons cided. "There goes the last of my

—on Daddy's Beethoven records. He 'rest period.'"

looked up with shining eyes. "B'ackWorking quietly, she washed the

board. Just like a nice blackboard."kitchen floor and savored four min-

"Blackboard!"Jessie stormed. "You utes of relaxation before small sounds

know quite well you're not to touch from the bedroom alerted her. With

Daddy's records!"At her sharp slap brightening skies outside Eric was

his fingers sprayed crayons, and his wriggled into his clothes to go out lungs expanded in shrill protest. to play. Tulla crawled briskly about

From their bedroom Tulla decided the house on her afternoon inspection.

she had "rested"long enough, and The inspection resulted in an upset,4,ft.

she raised her voice to join his. lamp, two torn receipts, a bumped

Lunch? Well, lunch wasn't too nose, and a pinched finge'r.

bad. The telephone interrupted with With rekindled annoyance Jessie

a wrong number while Tulla was plopped the little girl into her play choking on a piece of bacon. And pen and stood mending the receipts,

the paper boy came and had to be trying to ignore Tulla's shrill pro22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hand idly rubbing Eric's soft hair, banana left. Rummaging in the in disgrace in his bedroom when she

the other grasping Tulla against her pantry she found a forgotten celloreturned. But Tulla had discovered

hip. What a perfect picture we must phane bag which nursed four walnut that the pantry door was slightly

make, she grinned to herself. Why halves. They settled in prim symajar. She sat on the floor in widecan't it always be like this? metry on the cooling chocolate lake. eyed wonder, surrounded by spilled

With a whoop of suppressed viJust as Jessie was about to close the packages of sugar and macaroni, nibtality Eric leaped off to play again. pantry door she snatched up the bled dusty potatoes, and the torn

Jessie turned back into the kitchen, package of coconut intended for a leaves of a recipe book.

the moment of love and harmony still special cake. "Might as well make This time the tears did come. Jessie

enveloping her. Supper to plan; it good,"she excused herself. With slipped into a chair and dropped her

a nice supper. Well, there was ham snowy curls scattered lavishly over tired head into shaking hands. "It's

to finish up, and a casserole of scalthe top, the chocolate banana cocomy own fault. I should have rememloped potatoes would dress it up... nut pie was a sight to behold. Even bered to put you in your play pen

but dessert? Still clasping Tulla, she Tulla stared at it in awe as Jessie slid before I tore out. Why didn't I reglanced into the pantry and spied a it carefully into the refrigerator. member? Oh, why?"

baked pie shell. Jessie hummed while Eric's outdoor preoccupation with Eric appeared at her side and

she did some culinary arithmetic. "If rain puddles and Tulla's indoor pretouched her gently. "Mama, I'm

I make a double portion of chocolate occupation with clothespins gave Jessorry about the boots. I won't do it

pudding it will do for the babies'dessie the hourodd peace she needed to again."

sert and we big folk can have chocostitch together the little dress. But Jessie continued to weep. And then

late pie."her satisfaction with the needlework there was Alan's unmistakable footTulla was gently deposited on a was soon dispelled when Eric hapstep at the front door. "Oh, no!"she

cushion in the corner with a milk pily charged into the house in muddy groaned. "I forgot the scalloped pobottle and a dozen clothespins. With stocking feet. tatoes!"

one eye -on the simmering pudding, "Where are your rubber boots?"Alan's big frame appeared in the

Jessie hastily sliced a banana in the she cried. kitchen door, and his cheerful smile

bottom of the pie shell. "Chocolate "They made boats,"he explained died as he took in the scene.

banana. Alan will love that."casually. "But they sunk.""Again, Jess? You seem to be in

She poured the creamy pudding Fighting exasperated tears, she the depths all the time now."He

into the shell, filled two little cups changed Eric's socks while she scolded squatted before Tulla. "What? All

for the children, and surveyed the him bitterly. She left him in his your work and you don't get any

pie. A bit plain on top, and no more room, little face white and strained, credit for it, pigeon?"

while she ran outside to search for "All her work!"Jessie exploded.

the waterlogged boots. Shivering Alan sat down beside her and took

in the chill, damp air, wondering her hand wearily. "I know it's not

whether Tulla was safe, she finally funny, Jess. But you're too wound

fished the muddy boots from a puddle up lately. You try to do too many

in the back lane. things at once. I'll bet you were

Miraculously, Eric was still hiding making Tulla's dress today, weren't you? And it just wasn't possible to

plan other things at the same time."

They made boats,"he "I forgot the scalloped potatoes."

explained casually, "but "So what? You can run up French

they sunk."

fries in ten minutes and they won't hurt you and me for a change. Come

on, honey, try to relax and I'll give you a hand."

Sorely conscious of the entreaty in his voice, she took a long breath and stood up. "You're on."

With twenty minutes of combined cooperation the kitchen was cleared and supper was on the table. But

even as Jessie ate the meal her mind was leaping ahead. Tulla to bathe

first. Were her nightgowns dry? Eric

next.

Scarcely conscious of Alan's easy conversation, she picked up the dishes and moved to the refrigerator for the pie. Still preoccupied, she eased it

from the shelf and closed the door.

'is.-"if...""IP: Her pace from the refrigerator to the

table was too rapid. Just as she

JANUARY 1953 (Continued on page 47)23 by Lucille

Hartley Walker

Trouble Insurance

...t't- -

Babs at home of him and The thought slowwalked more Anderson /BTRA I of For Bob television a twinge her gave streets wintry ly |/l along the as watchingpain.

--'- she neared her home. The ache

in her heart kept her from her usual enjoyment of the sparkling beauty of that our Bob is in Korea, and we ing—things individuals couldn't posmoonlight-jeweled snow. The hour have need of so many blessings, I sibly do! Why couldn't he underat sacrament meeting had not brought thought you might feel like paying stand that people owed tithing for

its customary peace to her troubled something to the Lord."the blessings they'd received? How

spirit; in fact, the speaker's message She might have known that menhad she bungled the job of trying to

had only made her problem stand tioning tithing would be like throwinfluence him? Now he seemed to

out in sharp silhouette. If only her ing a lighted match into a bed of dry close his mind and heart every time

husband had been with her, he might weeds. Sparks flew in all directions. she mentioned the controversial subhave been affected by the message Fred was not often so explosive. ject. And she had failed with her

also. But that was just it! He had "Good heavens, Myra, are you startson, too. Bob had been faithful in

not been at church, and he probably ing to tell me how to spend my time his church duties until he grew up, would not be there in the future. and my money? You know how I then he seemed to incline to his

The thought of him and Babs, their feel about tithing: I don't believe in father's viewpoint. "What's good

fifteenyear-old daughter, sprawled it. My folk were so religious enough for Dad, is good enough for

comfortably in the living room at made me pay a tenth of every cent me,"he often said, when he wanted home, watching television, gave her I got and dragged me to church with to go fishing with his dad on Sunanxiety a painful twinge as acute as them while I was a kid. I vowed day. Fred had such a way with

if some one had bumped a sore spot, I'd not do either one when I got to young folk. What a leader in the

but this twinge would not be over be my own boss. Now you are startChurch he might become, if he once

in a moment—not until her problem ing on me. The Church doesn't got started.

was solved. need our money. I'm no tightwad, It used to be that Fred had been

She must be careful not to allude but I like to put my money where willing to go to church with her to the family disagreement that had I can see that it does some good. Isn't part of the time, but now he would

occurred before church. Hashing it more important to love your neighnot leave his favorite television prothings over never did any bors and try to help them?"grams. When she had urged him to good—just

made Fred more antagonistic. Myra had to admit that Fred did accompany her tonight, he had reHow she hated discord! Yet it help his neighbors. He was very fused, saying he would get more

the thing everyone, except with in the generous seemed to be a common out of staying enjoyment home; TV

especially of late, her Church. Anderson Look home how he'd helped better speakers music. had and better

since Christmas. Fred claimed it was widowed sister's family, and bought It was no use trying to help him

her fault; perhaps he was right. Cercoal for poor old Sister Peterson, and see that the purpose of church servtainly she had only aggravated their bought crutches for the Haskell boy ices was not to provide entertainchronic differences with her latest who was crippled with polio. He'd ment, but to give spiritual food, to

appeal. As quietly and tactfully as even paid part of his assessment on

she could, she had said: "Fred, let's the new chapel; said he didn't mind partake of the sacrament, to gain

use the money you were going to paying that, because he knew what it fresh resolves to live better, and spend for some of the luxuries we was to be used for. Fred was a fine greater strength to carry out those

don't need for Christmas to pay our man, but so stubborn! If only she resolves. To all these explanations,

tithing for the year. It hurts me to could help him see the great good Fred would simply say in his teasknow we haven't paid a dollar. Now the Church was doing with the tithing, goodnatured way: "I seem to

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have heard all this before, my dear her problem, she got out pen and but the G.I.'s over here think it's

little broken record."paper. She would write to Bob. war's twin brother—an identical

What made tonight's episode so Dear amiable, sensible Bob, who was twin, in fact. Guess the Koreans

disturbing was that Babs, who had always ready to help his mom. If he think so, too. Anyway, seeing these

generally been so faithful in church were only here now, perhaps he could poor folks here makes me wish I activities, had decided to stay home tell her how to appeal to his dad. could take out some kind of trouble

with her father. "Gee, Mom,"she Next best was to talk over her anxieinsurance. Oh, I know I've got G.I.

said, "I want to see the rest of this ties with him by letter. Her heart insurance. But that's not the kind I

program. You ought to see it, too; warmed as she wrote. want. I want a special kind of proit's a scream."She had finished her letter and was tection against temptation, sickness,

So Myra had gone to church alone. asleep when Fred turned off televiand catastrophe. Don't want to be

The speaker emphasized the necessity sion and went to bed. like some of the fellows I work with

till of never think get the Lord Nearly they as a month went of obeying God's commandments by—peaceful a frantic in a jam, then send out and disdays with no controversial defense in these the only effective

perilous times, and suggested that cussions to mar them. Myra had SOS for help. I'm like you, Dad. I

judging by the small percent of the concluded her problem was too big don't want something for nothing, ward's membership in attendance, for her. not even from the Lord. Now don't

not many people believed in this kind It was dinnertime at the Anderson get me wrong. I'm not asking God

of defense. Myra felt as if salt were home. Fred had just remarked how to shield me at the expense of my

being rubbed into her sore spirit. queer and quiet it was without Babs buddies, if some of us have to pay

Fred hardly took his eyes from the or Bob, when Babs rushed in, glowthe price of war. But if my number

screen as she entered the living room. ing with adolescent excitement: is called, I want to feel prepared and

In his pleasant, casual manner he "Sorry I'm late for chow, Mom. Had unafraid. I want the security of

asked: "How was church? Plenty to practise for the glee club concert. knowing I've earned the right to ask

of uplift?"But look what I've brought you!"my Heavenly Father to help me meet

Myra carefully removed her coat She handed her mother a letter. "I any emergency like the man you'd

before answering. She wanted so stopped by the post on my way home. want me to be. Also, I want to feel

desperately to pass on the important Hurry and see if there's a note in it that God will protect and bless my message she had heard, in a way to for me."folks and comfort them, if necessary.

impress her family. "The speaker Myra opened the air mail envelope ''Gee, I didn't mean this to be a

was wonderful,"she began. "He with trembling hands. Unfolding the sob story. Don't get all excited!

made it plain that the only effective thin sheets covered with a familiar I'm well and perfectly OK. Just

defense for a nation, family, or peoboyish scrawl, she cried: "Why, want to be prepared.

is just for you. Doesn't say "'Before I left, Mom and I had a ple is in righteous living—keeping Fred, this God's commandments."'Dear Folks'as usual. Here—"she wonderful talk about this very thing

Absently Fred dismissed the subhanded him the precious papers. "If—insurance. She said it amazed her

ject: "Oh, sure, that's right. But it isn't too private, read it out loud."that good businessmen who were so

where on earth will you find a more Fred looked pleased. "Well, I wonsold on insurance for their businesses,

. generous and enlightened nation der what's struck the kid, writin'just their cars, their homes, and their lives

than America, or a finer or better to his old dad?"that they often pay out their last

family than ours? You're good He cleared his throat and read: dollar to keep their policies from

enough to make up for all our short- "'Dear Dad: Don't die of shock at lapsing, neglected the most vital form

comings, isn't she, Babs?"this request! I don't usually bother of protection—trouble insurance that

Babs grinned at her mother. "Dad's gives peace and security for this world

on the beam, Mom. No need to and the life to come. I mulled this

worry about our family when we have idea over a lot on the boat coming the waves were too such a swell mom. Only trouble over here—when

with you is that you take things too high for comfort! Talked to our

seriously."chaplain about it, too. He's a peach

There was no humor or happiness wasof a fellow.right andSaidhadhe wassuggestedsure Momthe

in the smile Myra gave trem as she answer to my problem. So I've dewent to her room. She mus| be alone cided I want that kind of insurance,

through. things to think How had and it's up to you, Dad, to help me

failed job as mother she in her it. and get

wife? Had she, perhaps, *been\too "'When sickness or trouble comes

insistent that her family live their to me or any of my family, I want to religion? Had she been lacking in you with my errands, but this is a feel that we have a policy in force

a be must way business, of to matter no one and can tact, or—there to I've kept of part draw my on—that true in things the see help them like take care business of deals my the paid entitled premiums up and am

it light. to do But how dad. it to gives. help the to Only way

She knelt in prayer a long time, "'Been doing a lot of thinking since get that protection is to pay the price putting her perplexities before One I landed in Korea. Don't have much by keeping God's commandments or

who knows all the answers. Comelse to do sometimes as I drive Uncle requirements—not just one or two,

forted and sure that her Heavenly Sam's big wrecker. Folks in Washbut all of them. Guess I used to be

Father would point the way to solve ington think this is not a real war, (Concluded on page 50)

JANUARY 1953 25

creative power went out, and the future was dark indeed.

Those nightly walks in the misty streets of London might help to restore his peace of mind. He stopped

near an old church, halfhidden in the shadows. "Oh, why did God

permit me to live again if I am denied the privilege to create,"and then again he cried out in the agony of his soul, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?"

The sanctifying crucible of trials had at last quieted his violent temper, subdued his domineering manner, and humbled his spirit, thus preparing him for the mighty role yet to be made known to him. Had it not been

so ordered, The Messiah might never have been written.

It was past midnight when he crept up the rickety old stairs to his lodgings. On his desk lay a strange

looking bundle. He tore it open and

George Frederick Handel. read "So, a libretto—a sacred oratorio,"he mumbled. "Ah, that secnd-rate Charles the Jennes has Poet baths, for healing of the warning favored persons whose laChapelle ne

i effronter 1 1.;, I, P, live scalding in the water works was George after them him not to stay

Frederick Handel, a great spirit more than three hours if his life of God to write this religious stuff.

who came to this earth bearing his was to be saved. He remained nine Why not an opera?"

gift of music that was to interpret hours each time. Slowly new vigor Handel was not a pious man, befor humanity the meaning of sorrow, came into his numbed body, and the ing haughty and unreasonable in his

neglect, ingratitude, betrayal, and restoration of his health was comdealings with others. A letter atloneliness suffered by the Master, pleted. tached expressed a wish that Handel

and in some degree, saddens and He plunged into his creative work begin work at once, "for the Lord darkens the lives of the world's chilagain and wrote four operas in rapid Save tne word.

dren. succession. New honors came to him Halfdazed, Handel turned the

It was because of these bodyand along with financial aid for a time. leaves. His eye caught the passage,

,souldestroying tragedies that Handel Always it seemed there was a bad "He was despised and rejected of walked the night away in the streets fairy lurking in the background of men. He looked for someone to comof London; his walks laid the foundahis success to upset his plans. His fort him, but there was no man,

tion for the great oratorio The Mesupon the mountaintop then down in neither found he any to comfort siah. Little did he realize that this the valleyattitude kept the stream of him."He continued to read. "He

frustration and despair would come uneasy life in a constant turmoil. trusted in God. He will give you rest,

to be the triumph and glory incorpoIt happened now that one of his wonderful Counselor, rejoice, hallerated into the music of The Messiah. best patrons, Queen Caroline, died, lujah."

What was it that had brought and his income from this source was The words seemed to light up and him down to this pitiful situation? cut off. A second calamity was the glow with meaning. "Why,"he said,

For nearly half a century he had closing of all the theaters in England "this is for me."He had passed

composed for the royalty of England since there was no fuel to heat them. through all this.

and for the aristocracy in general. Debts mounted; the sting of poverSuddenly his soul was on fire, his

They showered him with praise and ty was upon him. The spark of his (Continued on page 48)

paid him well. Then came the day

when the court society would have no more of him. Jealous rivals incited riots to break up performances

and discredit his work, and a time "Their Works Shall Live of want followed.

About four years before these events he suffered a cerebral hemorrhage which paralyzed his right side. After Them"He could not walk or use his right

hand; not a note of music could he by Grace M. Candland

write.

Physicians ordered him to the Aix26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his own convictions are assets which have put him in places of leadership wherever he is known.

Speaking for Elder Benson's nonchurch friends who have known him best as an agricultural leader, William

I. Myers, former deputy chairman and

director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, former governor of

Farm Credit Administration, and

Dean of the College of Agriculture at

Cornell University, once said of him:

Ezra Taft Benson has the lifelong habit of integrity. With this appraisal, all who

know him will agree. In a day when the

political market has sometimes held honesty and sincerity at too low a price, here is a man of broad experience, wide friendships, an understanding heart, and a generous measure of native ability, who can also be trusted. This makes it easy

to see why Presidentelect Eisenhower named this man whom he had never before met to head one of the most important departments of the new administration.

It must have been this same quality of trustworthiness which years earlier caused Franklin D. Roosevelt to pick

out of a roomful of farm leaders, in one of his first wartime conferences with these men, the young executive secretary of the National Council of

Farmer Cooperatives, who had uttered scarcely half a dozen sentences in the entire interview, and ask:

"Who was that finelooking young man? If they will make him their

spokesman, I will talk with him anyEzra Taft Benson, member of the Council of the Twelve, and Secretary ot time."

Agriculture designate of the United States. This was neither the first nor the

last time that Ezra Taft Benson has so impressed men at their first meeting. Raymond W. Miller, a close

friend and admirer of Brother Benson for nearly fifteen years, recounts EZRA TAFT BENSON the circumstances of their first meeting in 1938. Says Miller, a nonMormon:AGRICULTURAL STATESMAN

Benson had been recommended to me for agriof responsibility with an position by David W. Evans a

I of relations firm which cultural trade was the head. With an associate I went

found in see Boise him where we him

Colof lor Idaho, University the workingTheby selectionPresidentelectof Ezra DwightTaft BensonD. cabinetat all, andappointmentwas fully expectedwas no bysurprisesome to lege of Agriculture in in the base- a "hole

Eisenhower as Secretary of Agriof the bestinformed persons in agriment,"but the charm and wisdom and culture in the first Republican cabinet cultural circles. dignity of the man made the visit one of

since 1932 came somewhat as a surThe story of Ezra Taft Benson's the most exciting I had ever experienced.

prise to those persons not familiar rise to eminence both in agricultural secretaryNot longof after,the EzraNationalbecameCouncilexecutiveof with his record of leadership in many and church service is, in a way, one Farmer Cooperatives, one of the three largimportant local, regional, and nationstory, not two: one in the sense that est farm organizations in the United States.

al farm councils extending over a the qualities of unswerving integrity, During the years since, I have worked with period of a quarter of a century. sound moral and intellectual judghim in many capacities and have always

To those others who were somement, the ability to win and hold the found"an 'agriculturalhim to be truestatesman,'to my first"thoughevaluation:it rewhat better informed on the varied confidence of people of widely dimained for another great American, Mr.

activities of the man, the recent vergent views without compromising (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1953 27 of agriculture, including farmer cooperatives.

Mr. Benson has a sound agricultural background and training. A man of wide vision and thorough understanding of and

experience with the problems of farmers, he is willing at all times to face up to the dayto-day developments which confront

American agriculture.

It has been my privilege and pleasure to know Ezra Benson for many years, and my association with him has completely substantiated my firm confidence in his ability and his courage. I am confident that, in

the future, he will continue to exercise the broad foresight, sound judgment and unusual administrative ability which he has so ably demonstrated in the past. I have

utmost confidence that he will handle the agricultural program of this country in a manner that will meet the needs of farmers of this nation.

From the same organization, and from Ezra Taft Benson's former secretary, Freda B. Couch, who is presently

treasurer of the National Council of

Farmer Cooperatives, came this word:

Ezra Taft Benson and Sister Benson at home in Salt Lake City Ezra Taft Benson is a genuine individual possessing a pleasing personality and unusual administrative ability. During his

period of service as executive secretary of

Ezra laft Benson (Continued from preceding page) tives,the National19391944,Councilhe ablyof FarmerdemonstratedCooperahis of the the in conduct capabilities many of presidentVictor Emanuel, Avco now vice president, executive York, Grange framebroad the affairs within council's its farflungCorporation with multiof Federation, America's one the League established memberpolicy of by workmilliondollar industrial empire, one and he excellent in which ship. manner said: The cooperatives, largest farmerof great leaders, industrial America's to

is evicouncil affairs of the conducted first this this apply title to appropriate man. in the fact that membership the of Ezra Taft denced appointment by Benson The

We next asked Mr. Emanuel to manas Secretaryand a ofsoundAgricultureagriculturalbrings economista statesorganizationthe years he approximatelyserved as its chiefdoubledadministraduring

give us his appraisal. Here is what with a lifetime experience in practical farmtive officer.

he said: ing and professional agriculture to head the His unselfish devotion to duty and his

department that for many years had been untiring efforts in behalf of furthering in-

I have known Ezra Taft Benson for led by politicians with a limited knowledge. terests of the National Council remain as

many years, and I cannot think of a wiser In the broad field of agriculture under Benhighlights of this period of service.

selection for the post of Secretary of Agrison, the management and determination of It is a pleasure, indeed, to recall the culture. I think this is one of the great farm policies will be determined by farmers five years I spent as Mr. Benson's secreappointments that have been made in my and their leaders in the ranks of the great tary here at the National Council. His

lifetime. Ezra Benson combines the practifarm organizations, and not by those who complete sincerity of purpose was an incal outlook of farmers and agriculture with in the past have constantly led agriculture spiration to all of us who made up the

spiritual qualities of the highest degree. farther and farther along the road to comcouncil staff at that time.

While I have always been engaged in busiplete subservience to government dominaness and industry, I long ago came to the tion. We believe that Benson's position on Wheeler McMillen, publisher of

reflect will his programs farm and policiesconclusion that the most important segment Philadelphia, one of Journal, of of Farm the value understanding is fundamentalof agriculture our economy because the farm publicaAmerica's two largest restrictions prices in limited governmentcountry cannot prosperous be agriunless culture is prosperous, and, additionally, and in the movement of agricultural prodtions, wired these greetings:

the farmers are the last great proprietor ucts. We think that Benson's high char- "Cheers rise from the country, from

class, as even tenants most often own acter will make him one of the great, if not the Farm Journal, and from the secretaries greatest, agricultural thetheir stock, machinery therefore and and since McMillens!"

departthe establishment of an agricultural finestin farmers repose the traditions of free enterprise that we inherited from our ment in the executive branch of our govDean Myers of Cornell said:

fair, will willforefathers. be completely I ernment. predict that He Ezra Taft Benap- will that bring wide is a choice This listen of to ideas the everyson, proponents from all of knowledge who has of segments

all over agriculture of leaders proval from section of every country the from andour economy coupled of fairsense a with ness seldom equalled, will be one of the segment of agriculture, and will make his the country. Benson is a man of fine qualigreat secretaries of all time. decisions based on an honest and intellifications who commands the respect and

gent appraisal of the facts. admiration of all who know him.

these With appraisals nonMormon publisher, Edfarm paper Another president of From D.of W. Brooks, Ezra Taft Benson in hands, our

editor of American R. Eastman, ward Council Cooperaof Farmer were to encouraged carrywe our National appointBenson's terms Washington, D. C, came this Agriculturist, farther.survey sent wires to a tives, We farmers of Amernews ment "the best appraisal: friendsdozen other of this agricultural statesman, with the following Presidentelect Eisenhower's selection of ica have had in years,"adding:

results: Ezra Taft Benson for the post of Secretary Mr. Benson's background of technical

J. A. McConnell of Ithaca, New of Agriculture is to be commended by all training and experience eminently fits him

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The family of Ezra Taft Benson consists of his wife Mrs. Flora Smith Ben Brumley, formerly president of

Amussen Benson, and six children: Reed who is a chaplain in the United States National Live Stock Producers Assois at Texas; Antonio, stationed currently Force, Mark, is doing San Air and who ciation, to he was had this say when

at University, at Stanford Alto, of Business the School Palo graduate work friends first apprised that Ezra by class of vice president the at of Barbara, the University California; freshman

Utah; Beverly, 15; Bonnie, 12; and Beth, 8. Benson's name was being considered

Commenting on their anticipated return to Washington, after the news of for the cabinet position:

Brother Benson's appointment was announced, Mrs. Benson said: "I don't care

where we live as long as I have with me my husband, my family, and my For goodness sake be for this fellow. He

Church. Oh, we don't mind moving; we've done that before. We've lived many has ability, training, character, understandplaces and moved often."ing, integrity, and humility needed for the

job. American farmers will rally to the

support of a man like Benson.

1 agriculture's as No. in wise choice leadership posi- a in Ezra Taftfor Benson his An experience from the days of in department of Agriculture. Secretary has the Ezra Washtion in America. No

ington is more in need of good leadership necessary experience and ability, and all World War II has been related by a than agriculture. Ezra Benson is well fitted who know him, as we do, will agree that, friend who was a witness of the facts:

to do this highly important job. Those as to honesty and integrity, he qualifies for

of us who know him well know him to be this position of trust. Not only agriculture During these days Donald Nelson's task

a man of strict integrity, scrupulously honbut also the consumers of this country will as director of the War Production Board est, and with a personality that has won find in Ezra Taft Benson a man devoted was to keep the food lines full and at the him thousands of friends from all over unselfishly to the task of serving all of same time divert much of our facilities for

America. the people when he takes over the duties making farm implements and fertilizers

as top man in the great department of agriinto direct war production. Ezra Benson

E. S. Foster, general secretary of culture under the administration of Presisat in on many decisionmaking conferences

dent Dwight David Eisenhower. with Nelson and other government leaders,

the New York State Farm Bureau helping to solve these problems. As secreFederation, states: Edward A. O'Neal of Florence, tary of the National Council, I know of no

Alabama, formerly president of the man who contributed more to the solving excellent. the appointment I think BenAmerican Farm Bureau Federation, ofBenson.these intricateIt can beproblemssaid withoutthan EzrafearTaftof of agriculvery good knowledge has ason

ture as a whole, and he is not dominated said: valid contradiction that his quiet, cool head

by any particular group. He is in a posihad as much to do with keeping our food

tion to view the whole field objectively. Ezra T. Benson seems to me to be a suitlines flowing as that of any other person in

able appointment as Secretary of AgriculAmerica. I never knew Don Nelson to

ture. secretary executive of the NaWhen reject of Benson's appraisal at a situation general Chicago, P. O. Wilson,

tional Cooperatives Council he of Farmer its face to his tribute value, a rare knowledge ProLive Stock Nationalmanager, fine did work. and constructive worked integrity. We and

ducers Association, said: closely together when I was president of the

American Farm Bureau Federation. To round out our "outside"aprapidly will increasthe task of supplying bring order I feel he out of the imThe praisal of Ezra Taft Benson as he

wasteful of this bureaucracy that country with adepractical population has anding quate food presents momentous problems to developed. He will protect the farmers prepares to undertake his heavy

agriculture. The Secretary of Agriculture and, I hope, bring about equality in agriduties, we turn again to Raymond

should be a man who has not only "had culture. He will be more concerned with Miller:

experience in the field of agricultural prothe production and distribution of food duction but also has the ability of leaderthan with social experimentation. The experience that Ezra Benson has had

ship and a reputation for sincerity and hon- I consider Ezra T. Benson an experienced in filling his various offices in his Church

esty. Presidentelect Eisenhower has made and sound man. (Continued on page 62)

Elder Benson being congratulated on receiving the Silver Antelope, high scouting award, by Scout executives and stake officers of the southern California region, in 1951.

JANUARY 1953 29 To every individual comes the responsibility of choosing his way; the wide and broad

way, that leadeth to destruction, or the narrow way which leadeth unto life.

"Choose you this day whom Ye will Serve"

by LeGrand Richards OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

greet you this morning as one destruction or the narrow way which seeking a blessing at his hand, and who for many years has been leadeth unto life—and, I should like at the same time be so disrespectful

I particularly interested in the probto add: to respect, achievement, and as to take his name in vain. During

lems of youth. I have come face to happiness. the dark days of the Civil War,

face with thousands of the young With this in mind, I call attention Lincoln issued an order to the army people of this great land. I have to three of many problems with which and navy which contained the follooked into their promising counteour youth are faced. The first I lowing statement:

nances, have grasped their hands, mention is the growing practice of The discipline and character of the Nahave shared their dreams and aspiraprofanity. Our young people are tional Forces should not suffer, nor the

tions. particularly susceptible to it. During cause they defend be imperiled by the

I love them, and I feel concern the war many communications were profanation of the Sabbath day or the for them. I have come to feel that, received from men in the Armed name of the Most High.

more than anything else, they need Forces containing alarming stateWe are told that he went to be taught faith in God and in his ments such as this:

eternal principles. They live in a I have been amazed, astonished, and whoso wasfar asaddictedto admonishto the habita certainof profanity,general,

world of changing standards and atdisgusted at some of the things I have seen to abandon the habit himself and to use titudes; but God has not changed, and heard in the six weeks that I have his authority to discourage it among the

for he is the same yesterday, today tobeenhearwiththe UncleswearingSam.and I vilenevertalkexpectedthat I soldiers.

and forever, and his principles and have heard, not in a socalled Christian Profanity is incompatible with commandments are immutable. country. Where have the parents been to reverence. Surely at this critical time

And so today I should like to direct let a generation grow up so morally wrong? in our nation's history when we need

my remarks to the youth of the land And to this question might be the sustaining help of God, we should and to all who lead them. They are added: Where have the teachers of see that we offend him not, by reason

at the crossroads, and I speak with our youth been, and have we of the of our language. I appeal to our

their future happiness in mind. clergy done all that we might have young people everywhere to hold in

Jesus, the great Teacher, in order done? reverence the sacred name of Deity,

to help men to choose the proper The Lord has never rescinded the that they may walk acceptably before course of life, the road which would commandment he gave to Israel of the Lord and that should there come bring them eternal happiness, said: old through his great Prophet Moses: a time in their lives when they need

to help, sustaining they go may shalt of take the the his not Thou name is strait for at the gate: in wide ye Enter

for call vain; in the thy will conscience Lerd Lord with good and God him

is leadeth gate, that broad the way,the and his guiltless that taketh hold not him name faith will that with hear upon he him there destruction, be andto which many vain. 20:7.) in (Exodus plea. their thereat: ingo

Because strait is the gate, and narrow Have we as parents taught our chil- I now pass to a second problem conis the way, which leadeth unto life, and dren this great commandment in sinfronting our youth, and that is the few there be that find it. (Matthew 7:13cerity, so that they may have reason indiscriminate and intemperate use of

14.) to feel that their parents believe that alcoholic beverages. A short time

To every individual comes the rethe Lord meant what he said. It is ago I was asked to speak to the insponsibility of choosing his way; the difficult to understand how a person mates of a state penitentiary. At the

wide and broad way, that leadeth to may truly approach God in prayer, close of the meeting quite a number

*Delivered on the "Church of the Air"over Columbia Broadcasting Company's radio network, Conference Sunday, October 5, 1952.

v.v.v.v.-.v.v.v.v.v. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA30

remained to discuss their problems with me, and I was invited to return and talk to the Alcoholics Anonymous group. I listened to the stories of

some of this group. The leader, a

comparatively young man, said something like this:

I thank God for the privilege of being in this institution.

I was surprised at what he said, but he went on to explain:

Before I came here I was no good to myself, to my family, or my country. I

I have just But no nowwas good—period.

I will worth I leave here be thathope when something to somebody.

Can you imagine a man having followed the "broad"road so far that he could thank God for the privilege of being behind prison bars in the hope that he might be able to extirpate himself, and again be able to plant his feet on "the straight and narrow way which leadeth unto life"?

One cannot go among such men without having his heart touched with great sympathy for them and their families. You think of all of the

factors which brought them to this status. You think of blighted hopes

and aspirations. You wonder if perhaps their parents set them along this

path by reason of a bad example.—Reproduced from a painting by Heinrich Hofmann

As you look at a man helpless, no THE CHRIST longer master of himself, you think of the man who induced him to take his first drink. standards. I state my case with a proval upon this commandment and

The Lord has made it clear that quotation from the Woman's Home added:

of 1949, under of bodies are Septemberour the tabernacles our Companion said by them that heard it was have Ye spirits. "Is Chastity Outmoded?"offend the heading cannot abuse and We adulshalt time, of not commit old Thou

the body without offending our Cretery:

unsex with about an Today we talk ator. To our young people I should But I say unto you, whosoever looketh that frankness have would embarrassed

comher hathlike to live in a time say that we his in already in competition, whetherwhen war horror.filled our Thisgrandparentsnew libertywith amazementof speech andhas onmitteda womanadulteryto withlust afterher

or in peace, demands clear minds and its counterpart in behavior. In many cirheart. (Matthew 5:2728.)

retraints in sex traditional conduct the hearts.steady of us cles each It becomes a statement, light of such In the of fashion. stuffy are out considered and

to refrain substances from those which feel that can Christian surely is no people, outmoded. Chastity, say modern

in any way might impair our abilities chastity is outmoded.

or which might place us in a position People may have changed their An American prophet, Alma, where we no longer would feel that thinking, but God has not changed. taught his son Corianton that

we were on the Lord's side. His laws are eternal. If we will save adultery was

I have time only to mention one our civilization, it will be because we other matter, and I do so with conreturn to an observance of God's most abominable above all sins save it cern in my heart for our young peolaws. being thethe sheddingHoly Ghost.of innocentThat wickednessblood or denynever

ple. I speak of virtue and chastity. The Lord gave unto ancient Israel was happiness and that no unclean thing

It is encouraging to find men and the commandment: "Thou shalt not can inherit the kingdom of God. (See Alma

women in all walks of life who are commit adultery."(Exodus 20:14.) 39:5; 41:10; 40:26.)

seriously disturbed about our moral And the Savior put his stamp of ap- (Continued on page 50)

JANUARY 1953::::::;:ivS?S&w 31

Bringing a young girl to Sara, he said, "Sack, this is Maria Rolfson;

she was very kind to me in Christiania; on one occasion she saved my aAs Unto The Bow..."

life."Then he introduced the others, by Edith P. Christiansen

and told them to unhitch and make themselves at home, explaining that with the house already full to the Part V rafters they would have to stay in their wagons or tents until more suitable quarters could be provided. SYNOPSIS

When a month had passed, Sara Norwegianborn Canute Peterson heard the gospel message in Illinois and Canute were getting adjusted and married Sara Ann Nelson while they were in a company f Valleyagain after their long separation; bound Saints in the summer of 1849. After taking up residence in Dry

they were sitting in the little kitchen ReturningCreek (Lehi),to DryCanuteCreekanswerswith athecompanycall to offillScandinaviana mission toSaints,Norway.he

after the children were in bed. Sara sees for the first time his second child, a daughter born while he was

was spinning, and Canute was readin the mission field. But he saw more. His wife, Sara Ann, had

ing the Bible, when Canute sudIndianadoptedattack.a familyTo ofmakeseventhe children,Peterson householdwho had morebeen complete,orphaned Canuteby an

dently put down his book and adhad invited some of his emigrating company to live with them.

dressed his wife.

"Sack, my dear."

"Yes, Canute, what is it?"

"I am expected to take another Our shadow by day and our pillar The oldest boy of the adopted orwife. Do I have your permission to by night, phans, Abel, began keeping company

do so?"Our king, our deliverer, our all."with a young woman, Mary Lott.

When he asked her to marry him,

The spinning wheel stopped, as In the weeks that followed, two he told her that he wanted to have almost did her heart. The leaders more log rooms were added to the his brothers and sisters live with

had all taken new wives. She knew little house, a large room and a smalthem. When they were married,

and felt that she was no better than ler bedroom. This helped a great they moved into the little house Abel

all the other wives, but still it was deal to relieve the congestion. had built.

there. But she must decide; Canute

was waiting for her answer. Sara The little family grew in numbers The children hugged and kissed

cleared her throat, and with all the in the following years. Even the Sara as they left and told her they

serenity she could muster to cover additional two rooms were soon inwere at least glad that they were her mixedup emotions calmly ansufficient, and again more rooms were not moving so far away that they swered, "If that is what is expected built on. could not run in to see her every

of you, Canute, of course that is what One year after Canute returned day. Sara was glad of that, too, beyou must do."from his first mission, Sara gave cause she was fond of all of them.

that vacated space by was The to 1857, a son, June 29, whom I birth Sack. I think brave sweet, "My of the readleaving the orphans was Pratt, after Parley the they named this feelings are in your whatknow

ily family. the growing absorbed by P. Pratt. leader Parley beloved

of course,matter, and, you know insize of steadily the family The what mine are."creased until a new home was badly

"Who is she, Canute?"Sara inneeded. Therefore, a large, ten room,

quired, "Do you have a girl in mind?"two -story adobe building was built

"Well, my dear, I suppose in a way in Lehi. Much excitement and fun

I have thought about Maria. She and work accompanied the move to

was so good to me in Norway. She's the new home.

a fine girl and one of my own naSara and Maria welcomed the tionality, and I believe she would young immigrant, Charlotte Extram, fit in very nicely and will be of a into their home. She had come with

great help with this large family you the group of Saints that Canute have."brought in 1866, when he returned

"That seems to be a good choice,"from his second mission to Norway.

Sara said. She was a lovely, genteel girl, reIt was November 9, 1857, when the fined and cultured. She was quick

two of them drove off with Maria's and lively and very clever at spinning mother and sister to Salt Lake City and weaving. This latter ability

to culminate their marriage in the proved a great help as the need for

Endowment House. Sara smilingly additional clothing material was in

waved them off, then turning into constant demand in this household.

the house began singing the hymn: Charlotte preferred spinning and

weaving to any other household task, "Redeemer of Israel, our only delight, Peter Cornelius, eldest son of Caand this suited Sara and Maria beOn whom for a blessing we call. nute and Sara Ann Peterson. cause this gave them more time for

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the many other tasks to be done in new assignment. He was to be sent Stepping inside, Canute put his

the large household. to Ephraim, Sanpete County, about arm around her, and turned her

Often in the evenings after everyninety-five miles south from Lehi, around to face him.

one had gone to bed, Charlotte would to act as bishop of that settlement "Look at me, Sack, my pet. You

remain at her spinning wheel. She and also as mediator and peacemaker aren't fooling me by your humming,

was anxious not to be a burden on between the settlers and the Indians. and especially that song. I can well

the household and was desirous of Although Canute seemed well imagine what this move will mean contributing all she could in spinpleased, to Sara the announcement to you. This is your first real home

ning to the evergrowing demand for fell like a heavy blow. The thought in the wilderness, and all that is

material and clothes. of pulling stakes again, uprooting around us is the result of your labors

Since Sara and Maria noticed that all that had been established seemed in my absences, but perhaps new

Canute had taken to staying up and especially sad. She looked out of opportunities will come to you there

chatting with Charlotte in the the window at the beautiful big wilthat you'd never have here. Be my

low tree that had grown so well in sweet, brave girl like you've always the years; but this was as nothing been. If it's the Lord's will, and of

compared to the fact that Emma course it must be, everything will

Goates, her beloved friend, would work out all right."

be left behind. Sara felt as if she "Oh, Canute, of course it will be;

were suffocating; the unshed tears I am just sentimental about my home

were stinging her eyes. Hastily she and friends and all that they stand

excused herself and left the room. for."

She went into the little room used as When Canute left for his new ap- a washroom and cried in reckless pointment as bishop of Ephraim, abandon. She fought bravely for Peter presented him with his new surcomposure when she heard Canute's rey and team of beautifully matched

footstep on the path outside. horses. Canute was most grateful

She softly began humming the to his eldest son for this wonderful song, "Redeemer of Israel,"that algift. He fully realized that it had

ways arose to her lips in times of taken a lot of hard work and saving stress and emotion. (Continued on following page)

""fPT**f. /C& M

/2*<2f04v> t-&cgs, /* /*./& SC-e j-f4P&.

The Ephraim Tabernacle *$

evenings, it was no surprise to Sara 1**** tnS*-".?-'-**-*<9 -*o**. &*#**&% C&Ctr- <**> &**. <T

,!> later, nights said WaLe, Zifcmsf -—c <2>p <** t+i&'<%* when, a few Canute *Z *- e

to her, dear, "Sack, it's about 5i my time for me to take another wife.

Do I have your permission?"

She became aware that again she rLe+iA-* was keeping Canute waiting for her answer. "What do you say, Sara?"*4%J+*A ctfjCr**** CTty <***M* * &<>S &**1 '***'eJ***-***

She noticed that he called her

Sara for the first time and inwardly winced a little.

"Yes, Canute, of course, go ahead.

Have I ever refused you anything that was expected of me?"

"No, Sack, darling, you never have.

No man could ask for a better wife than you've been."

Two days later on the second of

February, 1867, Canute and Charlotte took surrey the new and team of horses that Peter had earned, to?rf * 2**1 9$P* sh"*-r*2 &aX&k.JoJU,

Salt Lake City to be wed in the Endowment House there.

When the newlyweds returned three days later, Canute announced that while he was in Salt Lake City,

Brother Brigham had told him of a Letter from Canute to his wife, Sara Ann, dated September 24, 1852.

JANUARY 1953 33."reached a point about twentyfive

"AS INTO THE BOW.. miles south of Gunnison when the

(Continued from preceding page) Peter among them, to scout ahead Indians suddenly attacked them from to buy this outfit, and his generosity and see what the Indian situation all sides, under the direction of Chief in bestowing it upon his father with was. Not finding any Indians, Lewis Black Hawk. Having just crossed

the casual remark, "You take it, Larson, the captain of the company, the rocky ford, the settlers were

Father, a man in your position needs sent Peter and nine other men back trapped. Captain Justensen, turning

a good outfit to travel in,"was touchto tell Canute that they had not to two men on horses, told them to ing to Canute. been able to find any Indian signs. break through the encircling Indians

Not long after his arrival, Canute Back in Ephraim, the Sevier setand bring help.

began building a home on the large tlers had become extremely anxious The two men maneuvered around lot that he had purchased in the to be on their way and had organized slowly, then suddenly made a break heart of town on the main street. It a group to start out under the direcand rode through the Indians at

was a three room adobe house facing tion of Captain Justensen. They had (Continued on page 36)

south. It was not until 1869 that the

twostory home was erected. Peter

hauled all the brick and stone for the building from a nearby quarry.

He, like his father, was anxious mpauence wii mperf action to better the living conditions for the family. Richard L. Evans

One of the first things that Sara

Tt sometimes seems that we live much of our lives by trialdid upon her arrival was to plant little twigs of willow taken from her and error. (And, parenthetically, may we observe in

nowgrown willow tree in Lehi. passing, when our errors are more numerous than they need

As time went on, two more houses to be, our trials are, also.) Our own errors are often the ones

were built on the lot: a house for we best understand and generously make allowance for

Maria next to the big one, and one but not so always with the errors and inefficiency of others.

often wonder why others don't do better. We often lookfor Charlotte on the other side of We

Maria's. These two homes, while to the past and wonder why they didn't do things differently.

look back at earlier models of machines and comnot as big as Sara's, were just as We may comfortable. pare them with presentday products and wonder why they

The big house was the reception weren't made better to begin with. And when we look at

headquarters for all visiting digniold roads that wandered a long way around and see how taries and company. It was also the they have now been shortened, we may wonder why those

storehouse for family supplies, for who first made them meandered so much. But we must remember that most things have humble beginnings. Neitherwhich commodities were distributed

with fairness. A large granary, also men nor methods, nor products nor processes, nor ideas nor

tomade of stone, was built for the storedifices, come to mature stature all at once. We have

ing of wheat and grain the family take thoughts and things and people as they are and help as we have toneeded and used. them to move on from where they are—just

The little town of Ephraim nestled let children learn. And before we become too impatient

at the foot of the protecting hills. Haywith the imperfections of the past or of other people, we

should remember that progress is an eternally slow process.stack Mountain, Horseshoe Mountain,

and Wagon Ridge were like mighty But it is true that the wisdom and experience of the ages bulwarks of strength for the little and the wisdom and experience of others, can teach us much.

settlement in this virgin land. The And the more we can learn from the trial and errors of the

creek flowed through the center of past, the more we can learn from the experience of others, the town, the main source of irrigathe more children can learn from parents, the more we can tion. It flowed on, and what was avoid repeating our own errors, the less of heartbreak we

left emptied into the Sanpitch River shall have, and the more surely we shall move toward improvement and eternal progress. There is no point in rewest of town. peating persistently the errors of the past. We have inherited

One of the first things that Canute a great store of lessons already learned if we will only admit did after settling in Ephraim was to them into our lives. And, finally, we should not be too imget the settlers in Sevier County to patient when we fail to find perfection in the past, in the

into that Sanpete, theymove as that others in hope we other people—even might present—or together be a greaterbe closer and fail to find perfection in impatient will not be too when they

force for combating the hostile red us/ men, who again were on the warpath.

When spring came, the people 'Revised.

from Sevier County wanted to go back to their homes and farms again. PRESENTEDJke SpokenOVER KSL lA/ordAND THE COLUMBIAFROM TEMPLEBROADCASTINGSQUARE

To determine whether it was safe to SYSTEM, OCTOBER 26, 1952 do this, Canute delegated onehun- Copyright, 1952 dredand-fifty young men and boys, 34 THE IMPROVEMENT *ERA opper goes to college

Copper goes to college in Utah, not to learn, but to help build a better future for all of us. In the form of special grants by Utah

Copper to the University of Utah, Brigham Young University and

Utah State Agricultural College, copper is helping Utahns gain knowledge through research to build a more prosperous state in the years to come.

A Utah Copper grant to U.S.A.C. is being used for experiments

to improve Rambouillet sheep, to study how copper and other trace elements may help cure diseases among cattle and fruit and improve crop yields.

A similar grant to B.Y.U. is being used for research in the field

of metallurgy.

The grant to the U. of U. is helping to solve problems in metal

mining, while part of it will be used to build a nuclear reactor that in turn will help solve other problems through the magic of atomic energy.

In addition, Kennecott is building a research center at the U. of U.

that will cost a million and a quarter dollars.

The successful completion of these research projects will be felt in every part of our state by all our citizens, because anything that helps any one group soon helps us all.

, T/j f j By encouraging research, Utah Copper continues its policy of being a good neighbor helping to build a better Utah.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

JANUARY 1953 35.""AS UNTO THE BOW..

{Continued from page 34) his already flying horse into still breakneck speed. Chief Black Hawk, greater speed, and so outran the Inseeing this, told ten braves to go dians. He rode into Ephraim, where,

after them. going to Canute's house, he quickly

The Indians rode until they had told of the fate of the trapped setalmost caught up with the fleeing tlers.

HAPPY NEW YEAR whitethem. men,One thenof thebegantwo shootingwhite menat fort,Canuteand hastilysoundedsummonedthe alarmtwohun-in the

fell from his horse mortally wounded, dred mounted men, under the direcbut the other man managed to goad (Continued on page 38) 555355 dhe v ezLand for {/[/kick l/Je Kyne cKunarea cforta <JDld V (ot cJLahwar Richard L. Evans

ibmployees IN the history of ancient Israel there are some sobering people—andsentences fromfor usJoshuaalso:for"Andthe solemnJoshua considerationsaid unto allof thehis

who have served for a total people, Thus saith the Lord God of Israel... I brought

your fathers out of Egypt... and the Egyptians pursued

after your fathers with chariots and horsemen unto the Red of more than 1400 years at Sea. And when they cried unto the Lord, he put darkness

between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea upon them, and covered them; and your eyes have seen what I

have done in Egypt.... And I brought you into the land of

the Amorites,... and they fought with you: and I gave

The them into your hand,... Then... [the] king of Moab,

arose and warred against Israel,... And ye went over

Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the men of Jericho fought

.. I delivered into... and your them hand..

land not labour, did ye for which you a and DESERET NEWS PRESS AndagainstI haveyou given cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat. Now

therefore fear the Lord, and serve him in sincerity and in wish you a truth."1 This is a sobering statement, not only anciently

but also unto us—for in a sense the Lord God has given

unto us a land for which we did not labor. In a sense we

have inherited liberty for which we did not labor. We have

OTappy ana seeminglya heritage noof peoplefreedomof andrecordplentyever andbeforeopportunityhave had—andwhich

with so much handed us as a heritage it is sobering to suggest what might be expected of us in preserving and passing

Prosperous it on, and it is sobering to think what penalties might be imposed if indifferently we were to waste it away. We

aren't responsible for any history that reaches back before are responsible day. for our But own what happens we Hew year so far here influence as our opportunities are and and now

concerned. And the Lord God who gave us what we have

will not hold us guiltless if indifferently we fail to enter in to all that is expected of us—if indifferently we let the

issues of the day be decided by default.

ijoshua 24:2-14.

Jke Spoken lA/om from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 2, 1952 Copyright, 1952

36 the"1mprovementra

"* TRACTION BOOSTER TOOLS New performance from wheeltractor power! Other things have happened in tractorand-imengineering, too. Let your AllisChalmers That's get with what you AllisChalmers or plement WD dealer demonstrate the single hitchpoint master the and impleCA Tractors new A-C mounted

ments. used with A-C mounted plows and drill planters.

Let him the you show advantage of PowerShift of Because engineering new design better—rear wheels, of the big builtin and hydraulic of use engine and hydraulic power you—for can system both and mounted pulltype impledo now more than work you've ever before done ments. tractors with of sizes. these

is extra Here Here's the what AllisChalmers Traction for western needs workpower—all at regularand specialprice. toolsAsk will Booster do for you your AllisChalmers dealer for a proveit

1. It automatically adds weight to the rear drive wheels as demonstration.

needed for traction.

2. This exfro weigh/ gives full use of rugged AllisChalmers

engine power, without requiring awkward wheel weights, or expensive extra into tonnage built itself. the tractor

these 3. It makes AllisChalmers tractors wheel practical for ")

heavyduty many including deep TRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE I, 0. S. A. i jobs—plowing, sub- ( PLUS

soiling, ditching, furrowing, chiselling blading. and

Coil gives Shank Fwrrower Ditcher smooth, fast Attachment for the ToolBar Cultivator Tractor equips the CA CA work at wheeltractor subsoiler speeds cuts with for Tractor ditches new accurate or cleans cultivation of

Tractor old economy. ones CA to 24 inches crops. up truck deep, wheels Gauge are

44 inches wide at the top. available for both front and rear bars.

JANUARY 1953 37 "AS UNTO THE BOW..."whenbered. heHeknewlet thatthe battlehe wasgooutnumon for

(Continued from page 36) with murder in their hearts. The a while, and then signaled his wartion of Captain Charles Whitlock, to relief party, waiting for just such a riors to retreat.

ride with all speed to help Justensen's move, mounted their horses, and rode Great was the rejoicing of Captain company. in behind the Indians, who were Justensen's company as they returned

At the first crack of dawn, a savage quick in noticing them. to Ephraim, deciding that they had

war cry split the silence, and the batThis unwelcome and wholly unbeen overly anxious to get on their tle was on. The little company had expected assistance to the besieged farms.

barricaded themselves as best they wagons threw the Indians off for a (To be concluded) could during the night and were few seconds, but then they began ready to sell their lives dearly. firing, shots were discharged from

The whooping Indians rode first both sides, and several men on both in a wide circle around the wagons, sides were killed. The Stick of Judah

then suddenly they came straight Chief Black Hawk was a shrewd towards the barricade at full speed warrior, and he was quick to retreat (Continued from page 17)

So all the experts have to offer us is a vague admission that there were sticks and that they were joined:

What the sticks were and how they were joined remains a mystery. As

to why they were joined, Ezekiel himself gives an adequate explanation, only to encumber it, in the view of the critics, by a needlessly complex description of what was done.

"The purpose of the signs is not merely to suggest the idea of political unity,"writes Skinner, speaking of the joining of the two sticks, "which is too simple to require any such illustration, but rather to indicate the completeness of the union and the divine force needed to bring it about."16 But is this not also "too

simple to require an illustration"that has the sticks united now in one bundle, now in another, and variously of in the hands Ephraim, Beauty on a budget with Ezekiel,brought togetherJoseph, Judah,

David, and the Lord? The passage

"seems to be filled out with explanatory notes which spoil the balance BUEHNER and harmony of the clauses,"according to Cooke, who to restore balance and harmony will strike out whatBlocks L.D.S. youth benefit from a balanced program of ever seems clumsy. 17 Yet as Housman

religious education, worship, and spiritual recreation. This so emphatically observes, it is just

program guides the design of new ward and stake houses, such clumsiness that is the surest and the selection of materials to go in them. sign of genuineness in an ancient

Blocks Buehner real a place in have these new buildtext. "Even the great Bentley,"says ings: block exposed walls with "Builtin"absorption sound

and insulation make recreation halls, classrooms, and even Housman, "forgot that counterfeit chapels quieter, more conducive to reverence... as well verses are not wont to be meaningless

as less expensive to build, to heat, and to maintain. Special... and that the aim of interpolators

is difficulties to renot blocks, such but as to make Honetex, Buehner safeguard, youngsters injury, against 18 i.e. provide and ancient in rean attractive them,"wainscot move that if an

creation halls and classrooms. text displays that "balance and

Look to Buehners for the newest and best in harmony"which our critics crave, concrete masonry. it is probably because earlier critics

have tidied it up. When all the

manuscripts at our disposal display signs of confusion, "those MSS are to be preferred,"Housman reminds Buehner Block Co. us, "which give the worst nonsense,

2800 So. W. Temple Phone 7-5456 because they are likely to be the

least interpolated."19

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let the nineteenth verse of the Judah. Read this way, the eth makes become one in my hand."There

thirtyseventh chapter illustrate the perfectly good sense, but if one wants have always been scholars favoring real complexity of Ezekiel's account, a simpler reading "the construction the Septuagint reading, "in the hand upon which scholars have sought to is rather unnatural,"as the Camof Judah."25 Yet as the Cambridge

impose simplicity by simply altering bridge Bible observes. 23 "Jac and Bible points out, such an emendation

the text. Rendered literally, the Jill went up the hill,"etc., is an "unis not permissible, since "there is no

verse reads: "Verily I am taking the natural construction"if an editor is trace in the passage of any prewood of Joseph which is in the hand convinced that water is found only eminence of Judah over Israel of the

of Ephraim and the shivte of Israel at the bottom of hills, and so "up"north"—which should be obvious to

his associates, and I shall place them should be emended to read "down."any reader, since the equality of two

upon it along with (eth) the wood Just so, some editors faced by this nations is strongly emphasized in the of Judah, and I shall make them for eth have calmly changed it to el and chapter. 50 Why then do the scholars

one wood, and they shall be one in thus removed the offensive word from prefer a reading that is poorly supmy hand."Three things here complitheir sight. 24 ported by text and context to one that

cate the picture. The third rock of offense in this is well supported? Because "in the

First, there are the shivte of Israel. one verse is the statement "they shall (Continued on following page)

Now, shevet means simply staff or rod: it is cognate with the Latin

scipio, probably with our own "staff,"and certainly with the Greek skeptron, whence our word "scepter."Since

tribes were anciently identified by rods (Num. 17:2), shevet can be read

"tribe"in certain contexts. But since

in this verse the shivte of Israel are to be placed upon or fitted against the stick of Joseph, this is one place where'the rendering of shevet in its proper sense of rod is particularly appropriate, as Migne observes/ since tribes cannot be placed upon another rod, while other rods can. One has

the authority of the Septuagint for reading shivte here as tribes, but it is clear that the Septuagint has distorted the whole passage, for every time "staff"or "wood"appear in the verse, they are uniformly rendered "tribe,"so that the whole ritual of Sparkling beauty with the sticks is completely obliterated.

As the passage stands, it describes

Ephraim as possessing a number of documents relating to Joseph andmembers of the House of Israel asBUEHNER sociated with him; these are to befitted together with a like collection Cast Sto

of documents relating to Judah "and his associates."(V. 16.) This comChurch buildings demand materials with durability

plexity renders the passage "incomto match the faith for which they stand.

prehensible"(unverstaendlich) to Buehner Cast Stone is such a material. The sparkling

Guthe, 21 while Jamieson would escape natural stone aggregate endures so well that it is used it by changing "them"to read "it"22 on L.D.S. temples. It requires little cleaning and mainTo leave the passage as it stands opens tenance. It makes entrances more inviting, and adds exup a number of disturbing possibilities traordinary beauty to pillars, window trim, steeples, and

which must be removed at all cost, exterior facing... at modest cost.

even if it means rewriting the text Look to Buehners for durability and beauty inor declaring it nonsense. concrete products.

An annoying confirmation of this seemingly needless complexity is the

Hebrew eth which we have rendered "along with"and which implies that the stick of Joseph having first beencompounded in the hand of Ephraim Otto Buehner & Co* of a number of "rods"will then be 640 Wilmington Avenue Phone 6-8708 joined to the (compound) stick of

JANUARY 1953 39 THE STICK OF JUDAH Finest Movies Ideal for ward entertainments, firesides, (Continued from preceding page) cases, to reverse the plain meaning of for classwork or use. home the text,"it has served their when like hissounds hand more of Judah"THE CHOICE LAND to purpose do so. 27 stuff tory, while is the hand""in my Produced Ruth by Nathan Hale, and both Latterday Saints. Theme is of prophecy—always more suspect and And so our appeal to the experts

the of taken from Book Mormon baffling. little scholars, since their like anbrings reward work Modern

)i in Prophecies. film beautihr. 16mm

is little Targumists, rather have not hesitated more than speculation ful color. Narration Noble. cient by Wendell

$10.00 per day rental. "to modify the language of the than searching for evidence. Such a

THE LIVING BOOK prophet... and even, in certain search, however, may turn out to be

13 Stories taken from the Old Testament, Book of Genesis. 16mm B & W

or color. Each about % hr. Narration

by Wendell Noble, prominent L.D.S.

Rental color. $7.00 $12.00 in B & W,

if titles $6.00 or are 1(t) tic $11.00 6 or more

booked.

EXILE FROM EDEN, NOAH AND Jettina the yrutk HIS FAMILY, HAGAR THE EGYP- f

TIAN, ISAAC AND REBEKAH, Richard L. Evans JACOB AND ESAU, JACOB AND

is a sentence from one of the writings of Samuel RACHEL,RETURNFLIGHTTO CANAAN,FROM HARAN,THE HThere

STORY OF JOSEPH, JOSEPH THE Taylor Coleridge that suggests a deeply significant subSLAVE, PRISONER, JOSEPH THE consist "Veracity,"in saying, in said, "does not he but JOSEPH OF EGYPT ject: GOVERNOR

it is of the intention truth."often and communicating IN EGYPT. Too REUNION

Book Through assumed that the truth has been told if someone simply says the right words. Too often it is assumed that a person has

told the truth when actually he has told a halftruth and HILLAM'S

Ideal Pictures withheldtruth whentheheotherhas deliberatelyhalf. But lefta persona falsehasn'timpression,told theno

Place Office 54 Post City, Salt Lake Utah matter what words he has used or how he has used them.

2950 West 7th Street Men may mislead other men by the inflection of their voices,

Los Angeles, California by insinuation and innuendo, by gesture, by what they suggest rather than by. what they say, and by what they leave

unsaid. They may say so much and imply much more,

and then hide behind the literal limits of language. In

many such ways men frequently falsify—and often we could

not legally prove that they had perpetrated an untruth, yet morally we may know that they intended not to tell the truth. There are those who, as Isaiah indicts them, "Make

a man an offender for a word"2—those who resort to slick,

legal loopholes, those who insincerely rely upon the letter of the law and ignore every intention of honor and honesty.

Words can be wonderful, but whatever our words we shall ultimately have to answer for the broad intent of our actions and utterances—and not merely for legal terminology or

technicalities, not merely for the letter of the law. The

whole intent of a man, what he means to do and what he means not to do, what he means to say and what he means not to say, what he thinks in his heart, what he is in his soul, are are all all involved in "telling"the which we truth—for PROTECTION Eternal accountable before our our fellow and before men YOU NEED IT WHEN

You can't outguess all accidents but Father. God grant that in our time we may hear and know

local protected. can be you See your not speak rely on and live and and write the truth—and

all for insurance your KOLOB AGENT technicalities utterance or legal tricky loopholes or ambiguous is poliHis his needs. advice sound,

cies are backed by strong stock that is a mere mask for falsehood. To close with the words

companies and KOLOB gives prompt with which we opened: "Veracity does not consist in saying,

fair in claims settlement and of case but in the intention of communicating truth."1 The mere in of loss. Utah, Idaho, agents 300

Montana and Nevada. appearance of truthfulness is not enough.

A General Insurance Agency Jhe Spoken, Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 9, 1952

1Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Biographia I.iteraria.

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. 2Isaiah 29:21. Copyright 1952

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

quite profitable, and if the least be said we cannot well avoid undertaking it.

(To be continued)

1H. C. Alleman and E. E. Flack, Old Testament Commentary (Philadelphia: Muhlenberg Press, 1948), p. 770; Carl F. Keil,

Bihlicai Commentary on the Prophecies of

Ezekiel (Edinburgh), II, p. 130; J. R. Dummelow, A Commentary on the Holy Bible

(N. Y., 1927), p. 515.

2The Abingdon Bible Commentary, C. F.

Eiselen, ed. (N.Y., 1929), p. 740.

3Thos. Scott, Commentary on the Holy

Bible (London, 1850) IV, Ezek. 37.

iAbingdon Bible Commentary, loc. cit.

5Robt. Jamieson et al., Commentary on

the Old and New Testaments (1878), p.

6H. A. Ironside, Ezekiel the Prophet

(N.Y.: Loizeaux, 1949), p. 261.

7E. Kautsch, Budde, Guthe, etc., Die

Heilige Schrift des alten Testaments (Tuebingen, 1922) I, p. 975.

sThus Origen, in Patrol. Graec. XIV, 64;

Raban Maurus, in Patrol. Lat. CX, 863; cf.

XXV, p. 352.

"J.-P. Migne (ed.), Scripturae Sacrae

Cursus Completus (Paris, 1840) XIX, p.

10Keil, op. cit., p. 130f.

uAbingdon Commentary and Ironside, loc. cit.: "The two sticks are being joined

together lengthwise in the hand,"G. A.

Cooke, The Book of Ezekiel (International

Critical Commentary, N.Y.: Scribners,

1937), p. 401.

See H. Nibley, Western Political Quarterly II (1949), p. 337.

13Adam Clarke, Holy Bible Commentary and Notes (N.Y.: Abingdon Press) IV, p.

"John Skinner, The Book of Ezekiel (London, 1895), p. 352.

15A. B. Davidson, Ezekiel (Cambridge

Univ., 1896), ch. 37.

ieSkinner, op. cit., p. 353.

"Cooke, op. cit., p. 400.

A. E. Housman, Manila M. Astronomicon POSTUM

xviii. (Cambridge, I, p. 1937)

19Idem, p. lxv. Join the millions who enjoy the

20J.-P. Migne, loc. cit. hearty flavor of Postum daily.

21In Kautsch, op. cit., I, p. 975.

Jamieson, op. cit., I, p. 611. Get Instant Postum today

23Davidson, loc. cit. Cases in which eth A Product of General Foods

is to be rendered una cum (along with) are given in ZorelPs Lexicon Heb. et Aram.

Vet. Test., p. 90. Raban Maurus renders

this eth as pariter cum (Patr. Lat. CX, p.

862). Cambridge Bible, note on Ezek. 37:19. A Book For

Kautsch the and Abingdon commentaEvery L. D. S. Family

it,tors as both favor and do Dummelow

Rabbi S. Fisch, Ezekiel (London: Soncino Every Missionary

Press, 1950), p. 249. Every lover of faithpromoting stories

28Davidson, loc. cit.; Cooke, Bk of Ezek.,p. 401, also favors this reading which Every teacher of youth

"though it sounds surprising... is no more

than what the preceding part of the verse affirms."2, For an excellent treatment of the liberties In The Gospel Net

taken by scholars at all periods with the By Elder John A. Widtsoe

texts of the prophets, J. F. Stenning, The

Targum of Isaiah (Oxford, 1949), pp. viii- $1.75... At All Church Bookdealers

xvi.

JANUARY 1953 41 Class Instruction

Onechizedekof thePriesthoodpurposes quorumsof the Melis to anis soundable andin worthydoctrineinstructorand fundawho givebetter membersunderstandingof theof priesthoodthe originala train and develop quorum memmental teachings of the Church and Church and the subsequent falling bers to understand and perform the that the instructor and class have acaway, and these lessons cannot be work in which the Church is engaged cess to textbooks and lesson helps."properly presented without preparaand to teach the gospel to those who (Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, tion. The lessons for next year will

have not heard or accepted it. The page 40.) be a continuation of this same course,

stake presidency, high council, and In the program for monthly stake and a department for class instructors stake Melchizedek Priesthood compriesthood leadership meetings, there at stake priesthood leadership meetmittee, as well as quorum presidents, is provided a department for class inings will be very beneficial. As an

have a definite responsibility in prostructors where they should meet and aid to such departments, as well as viding instruction for members of the under the direction of an able leader to all class instructors, explanations priesthood, not only as to quorum receive assistance in connection with and references will shortly appear on procedure, performing ordinances and the lessons so that they can go to the Melchizedek Priesthood page of taking care of their temporal needs, their classes with a full understandThe Improvement Era and the but also to teach them the gospel so ing of the material to be presented. "Church Section"of The Deseret

they may better understand the NewsSalt Lake Telegram Stake teachings of the Church and carry Instructors should prepare their priesthood leaders should make sure out their obligation to preach the lessons thoroughly and not be conthat class instructors are given the gospel. tent with merely having them read benefit of this additional assistance

As the leaders in the priesthood in class. The lessons now being prethrough a department in the monthly

they should "see that each class has sented are extremely important to priesthood leadership meetings.

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum Socials

pACH quorum [of the Melchizedek Quorum socials can be used effecattend their priesthood meetings.

Priesthood] should have a good tively for the purpose of inducing the It should also be kept in mind that social at least every two months. less active priesthood bearers to bethe members who are regularly active

These should be varied to maintain come active and affiliate themselves should be made to feel closer to each interest."Such are the instructions with all the functions of the quoother, too. Thus, socials would beneof the Melchizedek Priesthood Handrums. Few if any other activities fit them greatly.

hook, page twentyeight. would be as effective in breaking As a general rule Melchizedek

One of the important duties of the down the barriers which exist bePriesthood socials should be held on presidencies of the Melchizedek tween certain priesthood bearers and a quorum basis and not on the basis

Priesthood quorums through the enin creating a real fraternal spirit of of groups; however, exceptions to this

tire Church is to provide a stimulatlove and companionship among all rule can be made in cases where ing, interesting, and effective social members of their respective quorums. stakes are widely scattered, making

program for the members of their There are many men in the Church it very difficult for quorums to asquorums and their wives. If the who have been ordained to the office semble at one given place for their

priesthood quorums were functionof elder, seventy, or high priest who social activities. Under those ciring as they should and providing sufhave not affiliated themselves actively cumstances, however, group socials

ficient social life for quorum members, with their quorums. Probably the should be held only under the direcit would not be necessary for priestmajority of these could be touched tion and approval of the quorum

hood holders to seek entertainment in in no other way as effectively as they presidency.

fraternal clubs, societies, and other could through quorum socials. After The reason for discouraging group

similar organizations. The center of they had attended one or more of socials and suggesting that quorum

their activity would be in the Church, these social functions, it would be socials be held at least every other and their love and interest would be much easier for the presidents of month is to bring about quorum focused there. the quorums to prevail upon them to consciousness and a solidarity. If

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

group socials rather than quorum socials were held, the feeling of unity Smoking and the Cardiovascular System would be on the group basis rather than on the quorum basis. This (From: Journal of American Medical Association, Vol. 150, No. 10.)

would tend to weaken quorum solidarity.

causal role of tobacco in cardiohormone from the posterior lobe of

It is recommended that the presiThevascular disease has been studied the pituitary gland, and this is found dencies of the Melchizedek Priestfor years, and a number of investiin the urine after smoking. The

hood quorums organize their socials gations have been carried out to prove hormone is believed to be similar to so thoroughly that every member of or disprove a relationship. It is now vasopressin, which has the ability to

the quorum attends and participates. generally agreed that the large maconstrict blood vessels, including the

This can be done if special commitjority of normal persons respond to coronary vessels of the heart. Smoktees are appointed on transportation cigaret smoking with definite periphing of one or two cigarets causes reand all those who might not othereral vasoconstriction, lasting from lease of three to one hundred ninety

wise come are brought to the socials a few minutes to a half hour or even milliunits of the pituitary hormone by these special committees. If a longer before the blood vessels gradinto the blood stream, a concentration

general invitation only is issued to ually return to normal. In normal sufficient to produce vasoconstriction

the quorum members, a few of the persons the usual vascular effects of the coronary vessels of the dog and more backward ones—the ones who produced by the smoking of cigarets presumably of having the same effect

need the socials most—fail to attend; include a rise in systolic and diastolic in man.

but, if these particular brethren are blood pressure, an increase in the While there is difference of opinto taken the social functions by comfive rate pulse between concerning the precise to twenty ion role and mittee members, to feel made very minute, beats each simultaneous and effects possible injurious the welcome in all respects while there, constriction of the peripheral blood cigaret smoking on the heart andof and taken back home at the close of vessels of the extremities, as measured blood vessels, there is some evidence socials, the practically every brother in by a decrease cutaneous temperathat to suggest occasionally smoking in the will attend. quorum ture. There is, however, considerable a produces complex symptom some-

A study of the Melchizedek Priestindividual variation in physiological what similar to angina pectoris. In

hood reports for the second quarter response to cigaret smoking. this connection, Roth points out that

in 1952 reveals the fact that there Adequate evidence is available to alcohol is not uniformly an effective were 1741 quorums at that time in demonstrate that the vascular effects agent for preventing vasoconstriction the Church. During that threeare caused by nicotine. It has been and that drinking a cocktail will not

months'period, there were 1199 quoobserved that smoking cigarets that necessarily nullify the vasoconstrictive rum socials held. This was an averare devoid of nicotine results in no effects produced by smoking. Subage of sixtyeight-hundredths of a appreciable effect on the cutaneous stantial evidence in the causal role

social for each quorum instead of an temperature of the extremities. A of cigaret smoking is available with

average of one and onehalf socials. recent study by Burn shows that reference to thromboangiitis obIn addition to the quorum socials, smoking, or the intravenous injection literans, which occurs most frequently

the records indicate that 738 group of nicotine, inhibits a diuresis caused among smokers and is severer among socials were held during the second by drinking water. The inhibition those persons who smoke excessively

quarter of 1952. These figures indiis due to the release of an antidiuretic than among those who smoke little.

cate that there were probably more Although it may be generally congroup socials fewer and many quorum that cluded cigaret smoking is most

I of the the hands am in Lord, socials held than conditions justified. likely a contributory not factor and and never trouble myself about my

It is the hope of the General Ausalvation, or what the Lord will do primarily an etiological one in the with of It hereafter. production is cardiovascular disease, for me to me thorities that the quorum presidencies

will the do of today, and God present the state of medical knowlthroughout the will Church grasp when tomorrow to comes, inquire clearly points edge the for need up the vision of the great possibilities is his of will what concerning me; intensive investigation relathe on then the will do of building in Father my up brotherhood loyalty and

tion of cigaret to cardiosmoking the he work has appointed to me to the Church through soquorum do, is disease. that vascular and I Physicians for should enough me,

cials that and will they carry forward serving a am will give God who attention pay more medically and an appropriate and effective program me all I merit, when I come to re* pharmacologically to a nicotinecon- ceive is reward. I This my what along this line in accordance with is taining that agent used the by have if always thought; I still and the instructions given if in the Melto public an equal a greater not it so, think is for enough me.

chizedek Priesthood Handbook.—Brigham Young. extent than any drug.

JANUARY 1953 43 nePresiding

Bishops and Counselors to Alternate in Attending Titles Given in Work with Senior

Departments in Stake Priesthood Leadership Meeting Members of Aaronic Priesthood

Tt has been decided that the following

TLTeretofore, it has been left largely All other members of the ward comdesignations shall apply hereafter to to bishops and counselors to decide mittees will attend their respective decommittees and leaders in the program who of them would attend the respecpartments as in the past. for adult members of the Aaronic

tive Aaronic Priesthood departments in This schedule of attendance for bishPriesthood and to members of the group the stake priesthood leadership meeting. ops and their counselors makes it posas well:

The overall result has not been satissible for each stake committee in the 1. Stake committee for senior memfactory for obvious reasons. Aaronic Priesthood programs to prebers of the Aaronic Priesthood.

Therefore, it is recommended that, pare the agenda for the forthcoming 2. Ward committee for senior membeginning with the month of January, leadership meeting, knowing which bers of the Aaronic Priesthood.

and alternating each month thereafter, members of the bishopric will be in 3. Senior priests, senior teachers, and

all bishops attend the department for attendance. It has been most dissenior deacons.

leaders of Aaronic Priesthood under 21 couraging in the past for both stake 4. Senior priests quorum, senior

and that all counselors to bishops attend committees to prepare special messages teachers quorum, senior deacons quothe department for leaders of senior for bishops only to find one or two rum, first qourum of senior deacons, etc.

members of the Aaronic Priesthood. The bishops present in one department while These titles supersede all others hererecommended schedule of attendance for the remainder of the bishops are in the tofore published for use in this work.

1953 and thereafter is as follows: other department.

Under this attendance arrangement,

Department for Priesthood programs both Aaronic for of Senior Department Leaders will Aaronic Priesthood Programs of of Leaders Aaronic Members Aaronic receive equal equal proattention and 21 Priesthood Priesthood under motion. Neither program is more imJanuary Bishops Counselors portant than the other, and both are Work of Coordinator and

Bishops CounselorsFebruary deserving of our best efforts. CounselorsMarch Bishops Secretary Combined Bishops CounselorsApril

May Bishops Counselors June Counselors Bishops /"Observations throughout the Church

July Bishops Counselors during the past two years have conTeaching Ward Bishops CounselorsAugust responsibilities and the that us vinced

Counselors Bishops September the coordinator and of the duties of Bishops CounselorsOctober Definition of Family Clarified for committee the ward secretary on Counselors BishopsNovember

December Counselors Bishops Aaronic Priesthood Under 21, and on "pFFECTiVE immediately, the "family"the ward committee for senior members for all ward teaching records and of the Aaronic Priesthood, should be reports will correspond with the "famcombined.

that it is recommended Therefore, as selected heretofore and servingWard Teachers to Reach members.ily"as listed in the ward record of those

Those living Away From Home Where ward teachers visit two or more "coordinators"be appointed "secretaries"families living together, they will take and that those heretofore serving as credit for one visit to each "family""secretaries"be relieved of their responTn most wards there are members of present. sibilities and assigned to other positions.

record who are living away from There are but few wards which will home for one reason or another. These be affected in this change since there

members, particularly servicemen, may are but few wards which have appointed be in need of the strengthening inflube under the direction of the ward both coordinator and a secretary on ence of ward teaching just as much as bishop. While he would not be expected these respective committees.

those living within the ward, perhaps to write the letters, he could assign this One of the major reasons for this even more, because many of them may responsibility to ward teachers and change is that, in too many instances, have no contact with the Church and ward teachers'supervisers. Each letter the "coordinator"was being given remay be living among strangers. should be filled with the warmth of sponsibilities which belong only to the

Since they are members of record, the genuine friendship, a brief account of bishop and his counselors, which rebishop is responsible for their welfare. important events happening in the sponsibilities in the Aaronic Priesthood

While it will be impossible for the ward and a short gospel message. programs, cannot be delegated.

bishop to visit them personally, it is This procedure, if followed, will be The responsibilities of the secretary possible to reach them by letter, even appreciated by individual members and of the committee are enlarged to inin remote places. Through this medium families and will tie them more securely clude those heretofore suggested for the

much good could be accomplished. A to the ward and the Church. Manifest coordinator and for the secretary with

friendly letter from ward teachers may in such a worthy project would be the the caution that the bishopric avoid prove very helpful and encouraging to true spirit of "watching over the Church the delegation of duties and responthe recipients. always"with a sincere desire to "see sibilities which belong to them as the

Such a project, if undertaken, should that all the members do their duty."presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood.

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Chart of Ward Aaronic Priesthood Leadership Meetin

Effective January 1, 195 PART ONE

LEADERS EXPECTED TO ATTEND

Bishops and Counselors (To preside and conduct) Ward Committee for Aaronic Priesthood under 21: (in addition to the bishopric) Quorum advisers to priests,

teachers, and deacons under 21, secretary.

Ward Committee for Senior Members of the Aaronic Priesthood (over 21): (in addition to the bishopric, Quorum instructors, group advisers, secretary.

PART TWO

Bishop's Department First Counselor's Department Second Counselor's Department

Review activity records of all young men Review activity records of all young men Review activity records of all young men 17 to 21 whether deacons, teachers, priests or 15 and 16 whether deacons, teachers, or un12, 13, and 14 whether deacons, or unordained, unordained, and all senior priests, and make ordained, and all senior teachers, and make and all senior deacons and unordained male assignments to leaders to visit those needing assignments to leaders to visit those needmembers over 21, and make assignments to attention during the coming month. ing attention during the coming month. leaders to visit those needing attention during

the coming month.

Leaders to attend: Leaders to attend:

1. Bishop 1. Bishop's first counselor Leaders to attend:

2. *Secretary of Ward Committee for Aaronic 2. Advisers to teachers under 21 1. Bishop's second counselor

Priesthood under 21 3. Quorum instructors to senior teachers 2. Advisers to deacons under 21

3. Adviser to priests under 21 4. Group advisers to senior teachers 3. Quorum instructors to senior deacons

4. Quorum instructor to senior priests 4. Advisers to senior deacons

5. Group advisers to senior priests 5. Group advisers to unordained male members

over 21

PART THREE

Bishop to attend each meeting alternately

Ward Committee for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 Ward Committee for Senior Members of the Aaronic Priesthood

Council Meeting Council Meeting

to Leaders attend:

to attend: Leaders

bishopric the of members more One or bishopric of the members 1. more One or Instructors 1. Quorum and teachers, to priests, 2. Advisers priests, deacons under 21 2.3. senior teachers, senior deacons, and unto senior advisers Group

Secretary 3. 21 over ordained male members

4. Secretary

department. that to attend secretary another of recommended the to ward for Senior 17 committee The 21, it is teachers and of deacons number the of Because

of will attend the Priesthood Aaronic to free Priesthood 21 attend under Members the of his be department Aaronic committee the ward of ecretarv tb secretary otherwise choice Part during the assigns the assigned bishop. bishop by the Two unless unless Part Twofor during department bishop's the

Glen L. Robinson Robert M. Bridge Carl R. Dillingham

Challenging Records We take pride in presenting the records established by three bearers of the Aaronic

Priesthood from the Salt Lake City Twenty-eighth Ward, Riverside Stake.

In their order, left to right, these young men have established a perfect attendance at priesthood and sacrament meetings,

Sunday School, and Y.M.M.I.A. as follows: Glen L. Robinson, six years; Robert

M. Bridge, four years; Carl R. Dillingham,

two years.

JANUARY 1953 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 8) A Detroit Stake created from porNovember 1952 "tions of Great Lakes and Canadianselors. The stake is now made up of

the Colton, Fontana, Redlands, San i Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the missions, with Elder George W. Romney * Council of the Twelve dedicated sustained as stake president, and EldersBernardino First, Second, and Third,

and Victorville wards, and the Yucaipa the chapel of the Tlalpan Branch, Ruel Johnson and John Klaphaak as branch. The stake has a membership of Mexican Mission. counselors. Wards in the new stake

2999. Elder James B. Thorup, second It was announced that Utah leads include: Detroit, Ann Arbor, Dearborn,

counselor in the retiring presidency, was the nation in percentage of population PontiacRoyal Oak, Lansing, and Sagisustained as president of the San attending institutions of higher learnnaw, (all in Michigan) and Toledo,

Bernardino Stake high priests'quorum. ing. Enrolled in such schools were (Ohio), all formerly branches of the

Elders Harold B. Lee and Ezra Taft 3.43 percent of the state's population in Great Lakes Mission. Branches of the

Benson of the Council of the Twelve 1950, far above the 2.66 percent of secstake are the Jackson and Selfridge Field

officiated at the organization of the one ondplace Colorado, and almost three branches, both in Michigan, and forstake and the reorganization of the times the national average of 1.55 permerly parts of the Great Lakes Mission;

other. Mt. Rubidoux Stake is the 196th cent. and the Sarnia, Chatham, and Windsor

branches, the from Mission. Canadianstake in the functioning Church, and of Richards President Stephen L O of this, of 197th Membership stake the Calithe fifteenth in southern such unit First the dedicated "the Presidency

is the Church, approximately twentyfornia. of the Bountiful chapel Second Ward, seven hundred. organization The was

President S. Dilworth Young of the Bountiful (Utah) Stake. effected under the direction of Elders

First Council of the Seventy dedicated Elder Mark E. Petersen of the CounEzra Taft Benson and Henry D. Moyle

the chapel of the Armour Hills (Miscil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Council of the Twelve.

souri) Branch, Central States Mission. of the Boise Fifth Ward, Boise (Idaho) Elder LeGrand Richards of the CounStake. The chapel will be used by memcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

President S. Dilworth Young of bers of the Fifth and the Eighth wards. of the Escalante South Ward, Garfield

31 the First Council of the Seventy President Bruce R. McConkie of (Utah) Stake.

dedicated the chapel of the Hannibal, 3 the First Council of the Seventy Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the PreMissouri, Branch, Central States Misdedicated the chapel of the Monte siding Bishopric dedicated the Sevier

sion. Corona Branch, Mexican Mission. (Utah) Stake Recreation center.

COMFORT? or STYLE?

enjoy both with Standard "Guaranteed Glasses 1

The skilled opticians at Standard.

Optical combine their opticallyperfect lenses with fashionap- proved frames for fine eyewear that's comfortable to wear—stylish to look at. You'll see better

... look better... feel better all

over... in stylish, comfortable

eyewear—from Standard Optical.

PAY NOTHING DOWN, $1 A WEEK Standard 273 SOUTH MAIN IN SALT LAKE 46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i fi President Stephen L Richards of -*- "the First Presidency dedicated the

Chevy Chase, Maryland, Ward chapel,

Washington Stake.

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the

Council of the Twelve dedicated the

Central American Mission for the preaching of the gospel. Guatemala City

was designated as the official headquarters of the mission, and President

Gordon M. Romney was formally installed as the mission's presiding officer.

Bonneville Park Ward and Bonneville Park Second Ward organized from the former Bonneville Park Branch.

Elder Donald D. Randall sustained as

bishop of Bonneville Park Ward, which joined the Lorin Farr Stake, and Elder

Arthur Phillip Hansen sustained as bishop of Bonneville Park Second

Ward, which remained in Ben Lomond

Stake.

Elder Francis M. Zimmerman, formerly first counselor, sustained as president of the Long Beach (California)

Stake, succeeding President Virgil H.

Spongberg. Elder Lee A. Stokes, formerly second counselor, sustained as first

counselor, and Elder Jesse R. Hailstone,

Jr., sustained as second counselor. The special Wicks Organ

Elder D. Evan Stapley sustained as and console designed for

American Boston, the in the counselor second Beaver (Utah)

Convention. Organists of presidency, succeeding Stake for price Elder DetailsGuild and

Mark Woolsey. instrument gladly furnished.this size

ftowZ. YOU CAN OWN

Is for Learning Home A WICKS PIPE ORGAN (Continued from page 23) reached the table the pie slipped from... at the price of imitations

her fingers with an agonizing twist is service finer Tabernacle or nothing There for Church in and plopped a mangled chocolate... best instrument the This than ORGAN. WICKS tablespanking-clean heap on the it is specifically case, organist. fills the of the In each need

cloth. built to meet the demands of the service for which it is

Jessie stood unmoving, her eyes intended.

held by the fantastic mess on the The WICKS ORGAN is beautiful to see and to hear. It white cloth. With her fists clenched is a joy to play—and its low performance and mainshe felt the hot, aching waves of tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of inutter despair surge over her. This tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ

was the end of a wretched day. giving to the world one of the great instruments of all

And then she became conscious of time.Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).

something else: the breathless, waither. onceing silence about The Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. stared she cloth unat which snowy

Chas. Melvin Dunn mirror. Hansen a W. W. seeingly Lynn Gararden been might have H. Vernon

1st Ave., 10th 481 Ave. 10708 AllenN.W. S. McDonald Ave. 25 98 Gate Golden

Eric's tense, clearly horror33, City, Washington Lake Utah Seattle She saw Arizona Salt 2, Calif. Mesa, Francisco San

stricken little face, and Tulla, watchful, quiet, knowing N be wrong, and Alan—holdingsomething musthis Ute WICKS ORG A

breath, waiting for her explosion. Oh, Alan-—-my own husband COMPANY

have I done this to you? That you Please write Dept. E-2 WICKS flinch now whenever something goes HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS wrong, because you know I'm going I ORGANS

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1953 47 Home Is for learning

(Concluded from preceding page)

this home of ours such a placePACE OF PROGRESS tomadetreat it as a catastrophe? Have I of tension? And my children—do

you fear my every reaction—is home

to you a place where you can't learn to live, where you can't make young mistakes, where discipline is never softened by a sense of humor? I'm

your teacher, and what sort of an example am I, to let a bad day completely ruin my disposition?

Very slowly she unclenched her

The pace of progress fists and deliberately relaxed her taut in constantly quickens body. This was their home. This

the Intermountain of Empire New spheres to they be able should was where influence in the nation, of development new... horizons

in our mountains and valleys... And each year laugh. They should not sit in fearof progress finds The Salt Lake Tribune recording, ful silence here. And just because

accurately and factually, the myriad phases mother dropped a chocolate pie!

of growth and development that make this fourstate She began to giggle softly. At her

area greater and stronger... That is a part side Eric breathed again in relief.

of the role of She looked at them with twinkling eyes.

THE TIE THAT BINDS THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST if "Divewe'll haveinto pieit, fellows.in a newItshape."looks as

With a quick incredulous look of joy Eric descended on the broken mass, spoon in hand. Alan's eyes alt fake ftilwne

smiled as he looked up at his wife.

One of America's Great Newspapers Solemnly she put a cup of chocolate pudding and a spoon before Tulla and said, "Go to it yourself, toots.

The tablecloth couldn't be any worse."And then she sat down in her own place, picked up her fork, and proceeded to enjoy the chocolate walnut banana coconut pie.

"Their Works Shall Live

After Them"

(Continued from page 26) heart was bursting with the vision of it all. Wondrous melodies came

tumbling into his mind. The doors

of heaven were opened wide to assist him; he could hear the trumpet

sound and the thunderous tones of the hallelujah chorus beating about him.

He snatched up his pen and began writing, all night, all the next day.

Now at his harpsicord, then back to his writing. His servant brought food,

but it remained untouched. At intervals he would walk excitedly back

and forth, beating the air with his arms, singing at the top of his voice, "Hallelujah, hallelujah,"tears streaming down his face.

"I have never seen him act like His servant, believing he was dycitement prevailed as the date of the this,"his bewildered servant moaned. ing, sent for his physician. When he first performance arrived. Every

"He must be going mad. He just sits arrived, Handel was up demanding ticket was sold. Ladies were asked

and stares at me."food. He joked with the doctor. "If to come without hoops, gentlemen

For twentyfour days he labored you have come to visit me, it is to without swords to make more seating like one who was afraid to lose one my liking, but I warn you, don't try room.

precious moment. He had little rest to maul my body, there is nothing On April 13, 1742, crowds waited

or food. wrong with me."hours for the doors to open. The

It was finished! The complete Since London would have no more reception given the performance was

score of The Messiah lay on his desk. to do with him, he took his Messiah like waves of the sea rushing beyond

Exhausted, Handel fell upon his bed to Ireland at the invitation of the its bounds.

and slept for seventeen hours as if lord lieutenant. Dublin furnished Handel would not accept a shilling

in a coma. two choirs for rehearsals. Great exfor his work. It must all go to charity.

This triumph brought a change of heart to England. Now they were

Jke Araonu of JsndecldieciSion Ananxiousincidentto hearhappenedhis marvelousduring thework.first

Richard L. Evans performance in England that lifted The Messiah and its author to high

TPhere are two things in life of exceeding importance: One heaven. During the hallelujah

is to decide, and the other is to decide rightly. To be chorus, the King arose; the audience

torn between two alternatives without being able to make followed his lead and remained standup one's mind is a timeconsuming, peacedestroying factor ing until its conclusion. This mark

that can do much to nullify effectiveness. As we look back of honor is still observed to the presupon the plight of Hamlet with all his troubles and sorrows, ent time.

one of the things for which he was most to be pitied was the Handel conducted The Messiah as long as he lived. All agony of indecision—his hanging between "to be or not to each year

be."But the circumstances don't have to be so serious to its earnings, including royalties, went

result in a real wrestle with ourselves. Even in the lesser to the Foundlings Hospital and other

things of life, under some circumstances we often expericharities.

ence the gnawing agony of indecision: whether to go or Many difficulties again overtook

whether to stay, whether to buy this article or that one, him. Age was taking its toll of the

whether to take the trip or give it up. Sometimes decisions passing years. He went blind, but

are made by default; that is to say that sometimes we simply he never again allowed himself to

wait until time has taken the choice out of our hands, and become discouraged or doubtful of then we don't have to decide. But such indecision may make the outcome of his place in the musius lose much. At least it may make us lose the indecisive cal world.

time that we waste in waiting. All of us have to make many Handel was seventyfour years old

choices every day, every hour, sometimes it seems almost April 6, 1759. His Messiah was being

every instant—-some serious and some superficial. When presented under another's baton. At

all of the right factors are on one side and all of the wrong the opening stanza of the "Trumpets factors are on the other, deciding should be a very simple Shall Sound"he became ill. Those

matter. In matters of principle, of morals or ethics or honesty near him steadied his frail body and

there is really one choice. But in other matters, sometimes helped him home to bed.

to are it things be said there on isn't so simple. Sometimes

later his days he expressed A few against to the sides. one weigh Sometimes both we have to die Friday. His wish on Good other and give up something either way—and these are the wish was granted. On April 13, the

difficult decisions. But when we seem to hang in uncertainty, anniversary of his first performance of

there are some things that may help to settle us: One is a The Messiah, he fell asleep quietly

of set principles. a sound set of need sound We all urgently to wake in a new and better world.

else. everything principles need which to measure by We

to know the rules, the law, the commandments. Another Each year at Albert Hall in Lonthing we often also need is someone trustworthy to talk to. don, the rendition of The Messiah on

And beyond our own wisdom and the wisdom of others we Good Friday is a traditional part of

Salt celebration. City Easter the Lake of prayer, prayerful in the power and a need faith—faith of part the enjoys Messiah as The other personal with to all our problems. approach and And

these we may save ourselves from wasting much of life away ChristmasNew Years'week. The

in agony and indecision. thirtyfifth presentation of this oratorio was given this season by the

Salt Lake Oratorio society. Jhe Spoht>pote<m vvora square from temple WoJ"In this immortal masterpiece are OVER KSL PRESENTED BROADCASTING AND THE COLUMBIA

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 16, 1952 solace and comfort and rest for the

Copyright, 1952 heart of humanity as long as time shall last.

JANUARY 1953 49 to of I want you out $122.00 draw TROUBLE INSURANCE FOR BOB

it at savings the and bank pay my to for the full tithing. bishop my (Concluded page 25) from eyes blurred, Myra's were her but I'll insured. be Then what Come

I little like before you, a thought heart Dad, singing as finished: was she will may, the after Lord and me

this live to fill through, "'I've the wanted to trying combeen requirethe bless as he me my promised—andlook I fit, as leave mandments and saw being honest, know, too. family, ments—you

like. I didn't the ones out that decent, But the keeping of Wisdom. Word

way won't suit the Maker of the Tell Mom I'm even trying to love "'Well now, that's off my mind.

policy.'my enemies, my commanding officer There will be peace for me, even if

Fred cleared his throat. His voice included. Been going to L.D.S. servthe famous peace talks here are just

was husky. "Here,"he said, "read ice, too. Seems good. baloney.

the rest, Mother.""'But now comes your part, Dad. ''Give Mom and my dopey sis a

great big G.I. kiss.

Love Bob'"

Myra could hardly read the last words for the lump in her throat. It

was a relief to have Babs break the tense moment. "Well, if old Bob FAST hasn't 'come to'at last. What do you

know about that!"

Fred was busy wiping his eyes and his glasses. When he could control

his voice, he said: STARK

"Know anyone who wants to rent a TV set for Sunday evenings, Babs?

We have an appointment to keep at church. Bob's not going to pay myANYTIME share of that trouble insurance policy,

if / can help it."

"Choose You This Day

Whom Ye Will Serve"

(Continued from page 31) I am happy to represent a people who have taught such from the beMTU UTOCO GASOLINE ginning of our history. We are striving to teach parour children, as our

is..Now Seasonized for Winter ents there us, that taught have

no double standard of morality and Let's Go—with Utoco in coldest weather. virtue in the sight of God; that he

expects to his every protect man Let's Go—with fullpowered, instant starting

that of every even virtue and woman, action.

though it might cost him his life so Let's Go—for long, smooth miles with longto do. To the boys of our Church,

lasting Utoco. upon entering the Armed Forces and

On coldest days, Utoco Gasoline makes warm ofleavingthe Churchtheir homes,made thisthe statement:presidency

friends by its fast response. /A. "Better dead clean than alive unclean."

the last a doctor war, During who in service returning from the let's SH... was

lets islands the his everyone hair with utoco! LiL i2 islands of the Pacific, said to me: "in down."there he added, "but Then

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY wascommunitya youngwhomnurse thereno manfrom couldyour 50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA touch. She said, 'I left my home before the Lord; to keep their bodies this responsibility, God will not hold

clean, and I am going to return the free from those substances which will us guiltless.

way I left.'"It was her faith in impede their progress; and to live My parting counsel and advice

God and her respect for the teachings according to the laws of virtue that I give unto you in the words of the of her parents and Church that gave generations to come may call them Prophet Joshua who said in speaking her the courage to choose "the blessed. to the hosts of Israel:

straight and narrow way, which Finally, a word to those who teach serve; this ye will Choose you day whom life."land:leadeth unto the the youth of Our and lead

for will as. but and we me my house,

is Surely to responsibility teach her children and her chilgreat the serve.. 24:15.) Lord. the (Joshua

dren's children unto the latest generayoung, with the full power of example tion will call her blessed for the and precept, that the Lord desires God help us to choose the right nobility of her soul. When I think that his children should be happy, and to assist others so to do, I humbly

of this girl, and thousands of others and that the way of happiness is pray in the name of Jesus Christ, our throughout the land like her, I comrighteousness. If we are remiss in Lord. Amen.

pare them with Joseph who was sold into Egypt by his brothers and who later became the savior of his father's family. Potiphar's wife tried repeatedly to seduce him, but as he

resisted her and fled from her, he said: "How can I do this great

wickedness, and sin against God?"(Genesis 39:9.) BRICK is your Best

How glorious is he who lives the chaste life. He walks unfearful in the full glareof noonday sun, for he is without moral Building

infirmity. He can be reached by no shafts

of base calumny for his armor is without flaw. His virtue cannot be challenged by Buy

any just accuser, for he lives above reproach. His cheek is never blotched with

shame, for he is without hidden sin. He

is honored and respected by all mankind, for he is beyond their censor. He is loved

by the Lord, for he stands without blemish.

The exaltations of eternities await his coming. (Message of the First Presidency,

October 1942.)

And so I plead with the youth, keep yourselves clean. Virtue may

be oldfashioned, but it is the foundaOur beautiful churches, tion on which great characters and schools and homes are built great families and great nations are to outlive and outlast the established, and without it decay is generation that builds them.

inevitable. That's why so many are

I have some fear that we, the made of brick, the building spiritual leaders of the people, in our material that endures.

interpretation of the word of the

Lord with respect to the great princiBrick Today Costs No More ples of repentance and forgiveness of Than It Did Two Years Ago sin, have so emphasized the principle While other costs have gone up and of forgiveness that an attitude of comup, the price of brick is the same today placency is growing among us based as it was in 1950.

on the assumption that if we sin a You can buy beautiful face brick for little we may be forgiven to go on our a spacious fiveroom home for as little way without loss. I am inclined to as $275. Come in! See how economical

believe that we are in need of placit is to build with brick. Compare the

ing greater emphasis on abstinence advantages and you'll surely BUILD from sin and less on forgiveness, for WITH BRICK.

God has not abrogated the law that "as ye sow so shall ye reap."Craftsmen in Clay

And so, in conclusion, I should like to urge our youth as they go D into the armed services or as they RFfP R prepare to meet life, to resist the temptation to profane the name of Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3 2763

Deity that they may be blameless

JANUARY 1953 51 RUBY H. MORGAN

Editor imily

lustrated what she learned when she

Religious Education at School wrote:

I have a testimony, or a conviction, if

if enough a person I loved vince me that, if live in misery I should him, to marry—Is it Important? you please, of this gospel sufficient to con-

I felt that I would only have his compan- "till should death our children and by Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D. ionship

to be worthy Therefore, I want us part."

Professor of Sociology and Social Work, University of Utah of someone who is worthy of entering an

L.D.S. temple to be united for eternity.

Mary,high sixteen,school turnedsenior, to"DoGed,youa mentaltance of hygienespiritual knowledgeindicate theandimporprac- forReligiousmeeting prospectiveclasses aremates.ideal Youthplaces

really enjoy attending seminary tices for good adjustment to life. who are attending school and classes

before school? Don't students have Regular classes in school supply usein religion are a select group who

enough else to do, especially if they ful knowledge and facts about the usually are combining school knowlgo to church Sundays?"Ged, a stuworld in which we live; classes in reedge with a mature spirituality.

dent bolfty officer, who had attended ligion help give purpose and meaning Young persons who agree on basic seminary in junior high and high to life. Religion supplies understandspiritual values have a sound advanschool, thought a minute and then ing about spiritual values which entage for successful marriage. Socioreplied, "Mary, I sincerely believe that rich daily living. Classes in religion logical studies show that those who

I have learned more that really counts help a student gain a better undermarry someone of the same religion in seminary than in my regular standing of his relation to others and have the happiest marriages.

courses. I strongly recommend classes to God and assist him to share ideas Some youth say they do not have

in religion to all my friends. Why and problems. time to attend classes in religion.

don't you sign up?"Recreational activities sponsored Although exceptions do occur, ordiGed didn't have time to back his through classes in religion provide exnarily, a person, whether young or

opinions because their conversation cellent opportunities for fun, enjoyold, has time to do what he really was interrupted by Ron and Nelda ment, and personal growth. wants to do. Most students who

who picked them up in a "model A"Classes in religion assist young have a sincere desire to attend classes to take them to play practice. Neverpeople to prepare better for marriage. on religion, find time.

theless, numerous sound reasons do Many a student has been helped to Religion helps everyday living in favor attending classes in religion. establish a successful courtship, marmany ways. It aids in time of crisis,

Students spend several hours a day in riage, and family of his own by such enriches daily association, and raises regular classes, which is all right; training. The spiritual and psychothe level of family life. Youth who

but isn't it equally important to logical aspects of marriage are emphatake advantage of religious training spend at least a few minutes a day sized as important parts of family along with their regular classes are thinking about and studying eternal living. The beauty and meaning of most likely to achieve a wellbalanced

truths and spiritual values? A few marriage for time and eternity are education as well as spiritual underyoung students in college fall away explained. One girl who attended standing necessary for successful

from the Church because they devote classes in religion for several years ildaily living.

full time to academic study, some of which is antagonistic to religious beliefs. Are these students being fair

to themselves when they spend thirty to forty hours a week in academic work and little or no time studying religious principles? Shouldn't they

spend an equal amount of time in each before deciding what is important and what is not? Actually,

science and religion both seek the truth and share many things in common. When some differences arise,

a student needs mature understanding in order to make wise decisions.

of health point a mental From PsPLk religionview, is important. Most First seminary class held for L.D.S. students of the Maywood, California, high

high school and. college texts in school.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "1953 Success Recipes for Improvement Era Readers!"

Try this recipe! It has passed every local slip showing purchase of Drifted Snow to

test with flying colors and cannot fail in Sperry Flour, San Francisco 6, and get your oven! Sperry guarantees it! In fact, double your money back!

Sperry Drifted Snow "HomePerfected"Only Sperry gives you failureproof recipes!

Enriched Flour is so superior, so reliable that Sperry guarantees it will bake better > than any other allpurposeflour in any recipe!

If you don't agree, send your grocer's sales

HELPER CASSEROLE

All measurements are level. Sift flour before measuring.

Cook until softened but not browned 3 stalks celery, finely chopped 1 medium onion, cut in rings Vi cup drippings or oil Blend in y4 cup sifted Sperry Drifted Snow "HomePerfected"Enriched Flour 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon mustard (dry or prepared) 2 cups canned tomatoes (No. 2 can)

Vfe cup water Stir to blend ingredients well. Then simmer until mixture thickens, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes.

Add—%-l pound hot dogs, cut into Vz inch slices or bologna, diced Turn into a 12x8x2 inch baking dish. Across top of hot

filling arrange 6 or 8 Cheese Twists. Bake in preheated

hot oven, 425, for 2025 minutes or until topping is baked and nicely browned. Makes 6-8 servings.

Cheese Twists Sift together into a mixing bowl 2 cups sifted Sperry Drifted Snow "HomePerfected"Enriched Flour 2V2 teaspoons doubleaction baking powder 1 teaspoon salt Company fancy! Everyday good! Easy, economical, failureproof

Measure in same cup and add all at once when you follow Martha Meade's localized recipe and use Drifted y3 cup Wesson Oil Snow Flour! Pastry recipe makes enough Cheese Twists for "extras"!

% cup cold milk Stir until mixture cleans sides of bowl and rounds up into a ball. Roll out between squares of waxed paper

to a 12inch square. Remove top paper and sprinkle

half of 1 cup grated American cheese* down center of square. Fold over }4 of dough toward

center, covering cheese. Then sprinkle the remaining

cheese over this surface and fold over the remaining % of dough to enclose cheese (dough will be about in every sack. Redeemable for

12x4 inches). Press down lightly and with a sharp lovely "Queen Bess"silverware

knife cut into 12 strips, about 1x4 inches. Then holding made by Oneida Community Sileach strip of dough at both ends, twist it in opposite versmiths. Coupon values in 25

directions twice, forming a spiral stick. Over top of hot lb., 10 lb., and 5 lb., sacks now

filling in casserole arrange 6 or 8 Cheese Twists. Place doubled. Look for them, save

remaining twists on greased baking sheet, about an them! Start your set of "Queen

inch apart, pressing both ends of sticks lightly to the Bess"today. Easier to get when

baking sheet to hold in position. Bake in same oven you buy the larger sacks!

as casserole the last 1015 minutes of baking. Serve as

bread with the casserole. Makes 12 Cheese Twists. More recipes in the bag...easy,

new failureproof ways to use *Do not use commercially packaged grated cheese as Drifted Snow Flour in Martha it is too fine and dry for best results. Grate bulk cheese Meade's famous western recipes.

such as sharp Eastern cheddar or Tillamook. Look for them!

.fberr.y DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR "HOMEPERFECTED"ENRICHED

Another fine product of Sperry... for 101 years a leader in the West

"DRIFTED SNOW,""HOMEPERFECTED"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED

TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

JANUARY 1953 53 Users of Helping Your Child ALL-O-WHEAT eat it Winter and Summer beMake Friends cause it makes them feel so well. by Annie Laurie Von Tungeln

It is Children need friends and should contribute so much to his happiness \lAJcium4Aselves.learn to Inbetwogoodrecentfriendsmagazinesthemasin wholesomeother personsfriendships.and a Confidencefeeling of

I noticed queries from worried mothcompetence in getting along with ers asking guidance in helping their them are important factors in creatand is loaded with healthchildren to make friends. One ing a satisfying social adjustment.

giving vitamins and minerals. mother stated that her little girl in A feeling of belonging is necesThen, too, ALL-O-WHEAT users kindergarten came home in tears sary for a child's happiness and genneed every day because the other children eral welfare. He needs to feel that

is an accepted member of a social NO LAXATIVES didn't like her. The other comhe

plained that her fourteenyear-old group his own age. Most children

daughter was unhappy because she make friends easily, as anyone knows was not popular with her classmates. who has watched the informality ALL-O-WHEAT Both mothers emphasized their chilwith which they greet each other.

has been milled as nearly dren were suffering keenly because After a casual exchange of hellos and natural as is humanly possible, they had no friends. first names, they are usually ready

so that it retains vitamins A, Indeed, few things can make a to start playing with each other. Al-

B, E, and G. child so wretched as the lack of though two and three year olds

It is thoroughly cleaned and friends. Conversely, few things can generally play independently, they

is made from the choicest dryland highprotein wheat.

NOTHING IS ADDED TO IT NOTHING IS TAKEN AWAY

The appealing NUT-L I K E FLAVOR is retained and it is milled so fine that it cooks in 3 or 4 minutes.

ALL-O-WHEAT is obtainable now in TWO easyto-prepare forms

REGULAR STEELCUT CEREAL and the NEW * ALL-O-WHEAT FLAKES

Packed in 20 oz., %Vz lb. and 5 lb.

containers

Ask your grocer for them TODAY

or call or write to ALL-O-WHEAT OGDEN, UTAH

—Photograph by Willard Luce

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA like to be in groups to carry on their i:--v-:V;:.;::.,r.s:;.:,:

own independent activities.:1:

Moreover, a child with a large circle of friends and acquaintances to recogbetter opportunity ahas liSlSIll!! in- M as traits such personalitynize I

tegrity, honesty, and sincerity, as well as cowardice and deceit.

Like other desirable traits, learning to make friends and to be a friend the differenceis developed through experience.

Small children frequently cry when they lose sight of the familiar facesof the immediate family. But as they Milk

develop, children normally broaden their circle of friends and lose their fear of others. makes! A few days before Christmas, several years ago, my fouryear-old

niece picked up some pieces of paper left from the family gift decorations and busied herself an entire morning wrapping useless things, such as an old spoon, a torn handkerchief, and empty boxes. Then she informed

her mother that she had presents for all the neighbors. As the family had

just moved into the neighborhood, the mother felt it would be embarrassing to let her present strangers with "gifts."crudelythe wrapped She Each pound to attention distract herattempted

with stories and toys. But Penny contains the

was not to be dissuaded and continued to beg her mother for permission to Non Fat Milk deliver the gifts. Finally, rather thandisillusion her by nipping in the Solids of—

bud her eager attempts at friendliness, the mother called three or four 7 OUNCES OFMILK of the neighbors and explained the situation. All of them proved understanding and assured her they would MORE FOOD VALUE

their little visitor.welcome She returned radiant because her adventure BETTER FLAVOR

in friendship had been so successful!

Indeed, children should be enMilk-Improved Table Queencouraged from the time they are babies to kinderbe friendly. In some costs no more than ordinary bread preschoolsgartens and one day of

the week is set aside for the children to bring their treasures to share. This

little to only teaches them game not QUICK! ASy<

unselfish also helps learn butbe them TNVE1ZIn times like these—SO CRISP POPS

to play with others and to make PEUCIOUSNEV/ER FAILS you and your family friends early in life. They begin to ought to—

realize that friendship is a give and take proposition. 1GROCERSIAT ALL CORN Parents can do a great deal to help Read Truth

satisfying friendchildren develop "TTTTTYTships. child's a can welcome They CATHEDRAL. MM Not Trashfriends sinand such with warmth

cerity that he will be pleased to have CHIMES Read them meet his parents. By making 1 1 1 II II u

home a cheerful and attractive place, The Improvement Era (Concluded on following page) MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal.

JANUARY 1953 55 HELPING YOUR CHILD MAKE FRIENDS {Concluded from preceding page) It is not enough for children to he will want to bring his companions have satisfying relationships with there. In this way, parents have an their own age group. They need

opportunity of knowing who their happy social contacts with various child's companions are and to help ages and kinds of people. They need

him select desirable friends. many acquaintances to form happy

Particular caution should be exerrelationships. A variety of social concised in helping shy children form tacts helps them live welladjusted

friendships. Although they are lives. Children are democratic and

usually eager for friends and don't unprejudiced by nature. They like *5% know how to go about making them, to make friends with the postman, the

companions should not be forced on milkman, and the grocer, and when oversensitive children. A rebuff may not antagonized, with people of other

have serious lasting effects. Parents races and nationalities. This is

can, however, do much to encourage healthy since it helps to develop timid youngsters along the friendtolerance and intracultural relationship road. It is sometimes possible ship.

to point out another retiring child who needs a friend, thus bringing Most important, there should be a together two kindred spirits. They fine sense of comradeship with memcan also invite a child or two to acbers of his own family—his parents,

sisters. These are 100 company them on picnics, trips to and brothers and

the zoo, or other outings, thus placthe enduring friendships that will 1 withing thesomeonetimid onehis ownin pleasantage. contact establishtrust. a fortress of confidence and nnPKins

;;i,:ffl Friendship Baskets

MAKERS OF KHcklt CkUM! by Billee Thomas Peel

SUPER WAXED PAPER ould you like a "Friendship"The pattern is composed of eight basket? I call these novel boxes pieces—six sides and a top and botaccrarirjEj

"Friendship"baskets because it tom.

PIKES PEAR is your best friends who supply the Not only decorative, these baskets basic material for these containers. are useful, too. You may use them

FLOUR Every birthday or anniversary you as a handkerchief box, sewing kit,

With FOUR probably receive a host of beautiful jewelry case, button box, hairribbon

Extra Baking greeting cards. Baskets may be made container, hosiery box, or other items.

Advantages from your Christmas cards, ValenThe required materials for plain tines, or Easter cards, or for sentiment, "Friendship"baskets are greeting

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS you may want to use wedding cards cards, a punch (anything that will 425 West 5th South or babygift cards. Perhaps you have make small, even holes) and yarn.

Salt Lake City, Utah been keeping these precious cards in If you would like to make a fancy a neat bundle. You wouldn't want basket with elaborate details, you may

to part with them because of their line your finished basket with satin sentimental value. Bring out these and sew a ruffle of lace and ribbon

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS putkeepsakethem cardsinto use.right now, and let's aroundChoosingthe edgea colorof theschemelid. is an efin treatmentAids of Canker, simple prettiest, brightest the Pick out fective a lovely, of producing way throatsore minor and other

will baskets mouth cards, your and be gay select finished for instance, product;

irritations.and throat

and colorful. You will need eight cards with pink in their design. Use

color of the as the presame in color your cards. HALL'S REMEDY twocards suitablefor one basketpicturesunlesson onetherecard.are yarndominating Make

Salt Lake City, Utah *<:"* o 1 ]-(> -mtm- 1 1 <-*-<! i - 1? -wmm-y >+

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

I IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I YE KINGS REST MOTEL 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

4 >K- -*\*T

pictures twice the * greeting cord Cut six for bosket. pattern sides of size of this

Punch holes around edge of each piece.

With yarn, single crochet around each piece twice in each hole on sides; four

times in corner holes.

As each piece is done sew them together with yarn.

You Can Do It!

Busy homemaker is top cook as well -*r* Utah Cook Wins Grand Sweepstakes Award 3-yearold Charles gets a good grip "It's the fastest ever, she says.

on that big blue ribbon—only one of "And the easiest, too!"

many his mother has won in cooking Out of 5000 prizewinning cooks contests. Just last fall Mrs. Florence surveyed, 97% prefer Fleischmann's

It's of conone Active Yeast. took twice Parkin Nephi, Utah, cord pictures two greeting more D. Cut Dry

for top sixc of this pattern the oldstyle the at honors and of venient the yeast coveted cake most than bottom.

Punch holes and crochet some as side Juab County Fair—the Grand keeps for months on your pantry pieces.

Sew bottom to sides. Sweepstakes award! shelf. Now when you bake at home,

top Attach olong one edge only, to A prize winner since school days, it's easy to use yeast. But use the lid. serve as

Mrs. Parkin gives a lot of credit to best—look for the label and get

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

your basket in colors that will harmonize well in the room you intend to use it in, and your "Friendship"basket will have real decorative value.

I know a woman who became so adept at making these baskets that her friends and relatives asked her to make them each one. When she

finally used all her own greeting cards, she started to make the recipients'baskets from their own greeting cards, which made them an even more cherished gift. Now when a birthday

rolls around, they collect their old cards well in advance and say, "Please make me a basket for my birthday."

is will a fun hobby. This You eat? wenjoy materials taking your with you Hk* a new w$/vvlNG WuCfto club sewing putting a basket and

together in one evening.

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK TRUST MainANDat South Temple Utah'sCOMPANYFirst Chartered Savings Bank

JOHN A. WIDTSOE - 18721952

(Continued from page 20) It was little expected that he should his children the elements of good live. He was born with his hand

citizenship, industry, thrift, honesty, attached to his head, and a crude integrity, truthfulness, and all the rest operation had to be performed.

of those good and great virtues. He He was fatherless at six. His

taught them in the spiritual way and custody was in question, not too long taught them faith, and he taught later, after his mother espoused an them prayer. He taught them the unpopular faith.

plan of life and salvation, and the At twelve he found himself in a youth of this Church have been frontier town, a foreigner, an immigreatly benefited and greatly built grant, among people speaking a up by those same teachings which in strange tongue, with a family livelihis love of truth he passed on to hood at first dependent upon the them in his many writings and many seamstress hand of a widowed mother.

See What MAGIC Unfolds sermons. No one gave him his education. It

with Out of this great field in which he was financed by mortgaging and bor- "MODERNFOLD"DOORS gave such instructions, his family and rowing, which he paid back with in- * More Space for Living * Movable Walls the youth of the Church have come terest added. But he went to the

* Colorful Beauty New to understand better the plan of life highest halls of learning to receive * Rigid of Steel Strength STANDARD SIZE DOORS and salvation, have come to underthe highest degrees of the day, from

IN STOCK stand the premortal existence, before the highest authorities in his chosen the doors that fold that the great plan in heaven, then fields in this land and others, and like an accordion the mortal existence where we come with highest honors. Then he chose

to prove whether or not we can obey to return to serve his own adopted the commandments of the Lord, and pioneering people, rather than accept the glories that are promised to those offers elsewhere.

who do, and passing to the other side Repeatedly he was called upon to for a temporary period, and, finally, leave work that he most loved and to

For demonstration write or phone a reuniting of the body and of the undertake difficult assignments in

MODERNFOLD DOOR SALES CO. soul, of the spirit into the perfect difficult situations. No man may now

DIVISION OF ALDER'S soul. know the price he paid for the preferSalt Lake City1343 South Main

Phone 7-1531 1 These things he engrained in his ences he put behind him.

Please send me your free booklet entitled children, and he engrained in the Nor was the personal side of his "More Space for Living"IE 10 youth of the Church. life without its sorrows. Of the

NAME I do not know what more could be seven sons and daughters who were

Address said about him, than that in every born to him and his cherished wife,

City State place, every position to which he was five were taken from him.

called, he gave the full measure of These two together came into my his strength and of his devotion, and life a few months after they had lost of his great faith, never doubting, their last son, a promising young man never wavering. Words fail me in of twentyfour years, and the last of

trying to express my love, my affechis line who could have carried on tion, and my appreciation of this the Widtsoe surname. Deep disapgreat man. * * * pointment and sorrow ensued, but

no bitterness. Instead they took unto

President Richard L. Evans themselves yet other sons, whom they

It might sometimes be supposed counseled and encouraged and lifted on their way in life. I thank my P0NCHIT0 says buy that the life of John A. Widtsoe was

EARLY CALIFORNIA free from the difficulties and disFather in heaven that I was one of them, a host of others so and would green olives of beset that couragements so many if it testify their privilege were to do us. it might have seemed To some

DRINK that he walked through life serenely so here today.

and successfully, with things easily No one may know the number he helped. his heart, His has home, lest for unfolding him. it should But ficq A delightful were open to all, and he when was hot beverage so, let at us look for those seem for a moment

who don't drink coffee. a few of the facts. not at the office, those who sought

AT YOUR GROCERS He followed no wellworn road, him in solving personal problems beat illHOTEL LANKERSHIM he had no early advantage. He came a path to his home, even in his

7th * BROADWAY to earth in an inconspicuous place, ness.

on a rocky island among fisher folk He has helped men redeem their on a winter night, with the wind addlands and their lives, and has given

IN THE VERY HEART OF ing its cold and comfortless sounds to as though the reservoir of his strength

LOS ANGELES the breaking waves of the North Sea. and his love were unbounded, which

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA indeed they have almost seemed to be until these last few weeks. Your doctor will tell you

He preached the doctrine of health and of happiness, of labor and of learning, and earnestly practised and pursued what he preached into the eightyfirst year of his life. In the last public discourse that he gave here THIS HOT CEREAL

in Salt Lake City, I think, before the

Sons of the Utah Pioneers, he had this to say of himself: "I want

to say to you frankly that I havenothing in my life to recommend me CONTAINS TOASTED except one thing, and thousands of men can say the same thing. I have

done a day's work all the days of my life, and if that can be spoken of me,I will be quite satisfied."WHEAT GERM

Only a few days before he died and its rich, nutlike flavor is delicious!

he was working on a manuscript on a vitally important subject for young people. Some thirty books or so have /

come from his pen, as perhaps another Eat Wheat Hearts regularly each thirty or more courses of study, plus morning. The whole family will like

hundreds of scientific, religious, and it and benefit by it. Wheat Hearts

educational pamphlets, tracts, and is enriched with 20% toasted wheat treatises, all of which has been done germ which not only gives it a full, simply as a sideline in the midst of rich, wheaty flavor... but makes it 6 times richer in Thiaall other work. mine (Vitamin B-l) than whole wheat itself!

He had a profound regard for facts, Because of this high Vitamin B-l content, many doctors recomand an insatiable appetite for the mend Wheat Hearts as baby's first cereal. It is easily digested,

discovery of further facts. At his elhelps promote growth, good appetite and digestion. Also

bow, even almost unto the last, was recommended for growing children and adults who need the a constantly replaced stack of sigmuscle-building proteins, food energy, valuable carbohydrates, nificant books. His was an almost iron and phosphorous Wheat Hearts so generously supplies.

universal interest. He spoke the lanThrifty and easy, too! A generous serving costs less than a

guage of many lands. He was at penny...and cooks in 3 minutes.

home, interested, at ease, wherever he Remember! No other cereal, hot or cold, is richer in natural,

went. nutritious wheat germ than Wheat Hearts.

I shall not attempt further to elaborate the record, but I would speak another word or two of the RedeemableSilverwareforCertificatevaluable "Queenon everyBess"Tudorbox!

faith that was within him. Plate Silverware made by Oneida Community

When the call came to become an Silversmiths.silverware you'reStartprouda set;to easyown. to get. Lovely

Apostle, again there was no looking using Success Recipes Meadeback. Years before he had in prinMartha

available in many by new ways Wheat Hearts ciple settled all such decisions. He writing Martha Meade, Sperry Home Service

had probed and weighed the things Dept., San Francisco 6.

of earth and the things of heaven.

The man of science was also the man of God who could see truth wherever So good... and so good for you

it was an eternal part of a great eternal plan and purpose and picture, and who humbly accepted his Father in heaven as the source of all light and learning. WHEAT

Decades before, as an earnest, searching student, he had faced and accepted the fact of the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ, in thisour day and dispensation. HEARTS

When he was a young man still in Anotherfineproduct of Sperry...for 100years a leader in the West

his twenties in Germany, he sent "SPERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

home a manuscript, written for the Listen to Sperry Breakfast News on KSL at 7:45 a.m. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and

building of faith, which was published the Bill Ring Show on your ABC Station at 1:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.

(Continued on following page) JANUARY 1953 59 JOHN A. WIDISOE - 18721952

(Continued from preceding page) other activities, and I doubt not that Electric in the second volume of The Imalready he is engaged in them.

provement Era, which could well There are walls that will listen have been called the first of his "Evifor sounds that are silenced. There

sensitive to the promptings lonelier than they have been, but HEATING dencesHe wasand Reconciliations."are places and people that will be

of the Spirit, and was as convinced somewhere this past week there has of his of eternal continuance as most reunion, sweet been a glorious and the of this are certain Is Thrifty! us ears our sounds that have faded from of the dawn

day. There are some men in whom are somewhere heard in a heavenly

faith in things no,t seen comes very session. * * *

close to certain knowledge, so close indeed that there is little or no line President Franklin S. Harris

between the two, and in him there was such faith. He knew that his ReForty-seven years ago he became

deemer lives, that God lives, that men my teacher, and he has remained my are immortal, that life and truth are teacher ever since. In no branch of

limitless, that time is only part of learning has the pupil been able to eternity, that we are children of God, equal the master.

our Father, in whose image we were In those days at Brigham Young made, and that his plans and purposes for us are limitless and everlastUniversity scores of capable young men clustered about him and were ing, and that heaven could only be fired with the ambition that drove heaven with family and friends.

them to get the training necessary

All this he knew with a sureness for leadership. Best of all, he imand certainty that in his own soul planted in them a philosophy and an

left no room for doubt. attitude toward religion that has kept

He lived, according to his own them in balance during the vicissitudes world. turbulent of a Utah Power & Light Co. outtestimony,its shadows,in a sunlitbut heland,did notnot withdwell privilege a it was to sit at What

in the shadows. He looked always his feet as he taught us the fundatoward the light. mentals of science and implanted in

For America's Finest All this he shared with the wonderus a love of truth, a respect for reHighway Transportation ful companion of his life. From their ligion and a determination to live usefirst days together, nearly sixty years ful lives.

ago, to these last difficult, but devoted When Dr. Widtsoe was made presidays, I have never seen a sweeter asdent of the Agricultural College I

sociation. Eternity is little enough followed along as a young instructor

for such completeness of companionin chemistry. Fortunately I had the

ship as theirs has been. The Lord privilege of living in the home of

has been good to John A. Widtsoe, Brother and Sister Widtsoe that year

and he has been deserving of God's as a member of the family. The first

goodness. two months of our married life were

I cannot say how much we shall also spent there. That is how we

miss him. We shall miss his quick came to know one of the finest homes

step. We shall miss the acute mind that anyone could imagine. We have

that quickly cut to the core of quesnever ceased to marvel at the reService BUS Enjoy THRU as of tions presented. Leah, problems Aunt and we We sourcefulness

... trips line on main into call her, soon shall miss affectionately stepping his room, with and we

convenient service on his books and his tools of writing. became aware of one of the chief

ALL Greyhound trips. We shall miss his kindly humor, his sources of the strength of this great

The name "Greyhound"has counsel, and his comfort and enman. She has supported him without

become the standard by which couragement. We know not how reserve and he constantly relied on

we measure all the good much we shall miss him, but the years her judgment, particularly in the travel. things in highway

to go quickly, and John A. Widtsoe is work for women and in the extension service Check Greyhound's

in all himself, ever activities should which he initiated and we find still you'll your institutoins of of higher a place within reach so high three of Utah's come freit destination—convenient, always

quently "through,"and toas where he is, we should like to take learning.

day's best travel bargain. his outstretched hand and resume our Dr. Widtsoe's ability to bring order

of to darkness, the last time light out Almost hope he talked plexity, GREYHOUND talk where last we left it. out of chaos, simplicity out of comfaith The Friendly Way to Travel to earnestly anticipating and out of despair, out of doubt us, he was

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was soon recognized beyond the walls of the institution where he served.

In the three institutions of Utah where he served, he was not only a skilled administrator and organizer, but he also personally stimulated thousands of young men and women to make the most of themselves.

I have shed many tears during the sickness and passing of Brother Widtsoe, but now that he has gone, I experience a great surge of gratitude for what he has done for me and my family, for his state, for his nation, and for many other parts of the world.

I have witnessed the fruits of his scientific work in many lands, from the tiaga of Siberia, the highlands of

Iran, the hills of Palestine, the farms of Canada, to the arid lands of Latin

America.

With all his accomplishments as a scientist and an educator, however, I think of him most today as the head of one of the finest households I have ever known, and as a humble servant his Maker, in of meeting who, God InspireJ fjttwMftMti&n is to commendation, the entitled "Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Enter into the joy of thy These thousands of young men and

Lord."* * * women at your Church university are

A valiant defender of the Church, learning the lessons of spirituality

Dr. Widtsoe has through the force which will make them the future

of his life, his scholarship, and his leaders in Church, state and the protestimony won many people to a fessions. Devotional exerc.ises, at

thoroughgoing respect for the gospel he embraced as a youth on the tiny which General Authorities and other island of Froyen, in the land of Church leaders speak, are a vital part

Norway. Through his service he has of their education, which trains for

borne testimony to the doctrine of living as well as making a living.

cause he espoused: the Master whose

the least Get a balanced education. Register it unto as ye do "Inasmuch

of these my children ye have done it NOW atunto me."

These tributes bespeak a man for truth, love mankind, and whose BRICHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY lifted the comhis Creator him from mon life which he may have lived PROVO, UTAH had it not been for the message of the restored gospel brought to his mother through the ringing testimony of the humble shoemaker who Send your friends and relatives first taught the widowed mother the glory of the restoration.

The IMPROVEMENT ERA

RESOLVE Jor Weddings Elena Perry By

regret not resolve upon on and Build future. not grope Jor 'Birthdays of structure the Do The

Among the shadows of the old, but let of hope, a path heart's delight shine on Your no the darkness. Waste And dissipate tears There's an ERA agent in your ward or branch

But turn the leaf and smile. Oh, smile to see

The fair white pages that remain to thee.

JANUARY 1953 61 EZRA TAFT BENSON (Continued from page 29) Dr. Karl Butler, a member of the

will stand him in good stead as he moves Church from Arizona, but now living out into the decisionmaking field of nain Ithaca, New York, and farm counaffairs. tional world's international and The selor to Avco Corporation, added

basically rural, are the not urban; problems

roots of war are in the poverty and frustrathis:

tions of the tillers of the soil and the fishers of the sea. Ezra Benson's mastery at the I have talked with a number of General

conference table will be needed in this Eisenhower's advisers who were responsible

appointment. they have To a man, feed the world, but cannot it can cent Resolution Americafield perhaps more than in any other. for recommending Ezra Benson for his recalled has been this: "Mr. Benson told me itself feed to employhelp the world by the

for 1953 mentBensonof hasthe alreadysame typesusedof sotechniquessuccessfullyElderin intoreasons:the EisenhowerHe is honest,cabinetso canmainlybe fortrusted,two

Church and farm councils, adjusted to local and he has the technical knowledge of the

Throughout 1953 and the needsIn the andfield conditionsof efficientatproductionhome and andabroad.distoproblemsget divergentfacing agricultureinterests toandworkthetogetherability

years to come, we resolve tribution of the products of the soil he is a to help solve our agricultural problems."

to maintain and even imnational authority. His philosophy, and the

prove (where possible) the philosophy of his Church, to help people From the nation's capital comes a many services that have to help themselves, will likely form the final word from a friend and intimate basis of his administration of the departSquare Hotel Temple made associate. Willard Church Mar- J.

of agriculture. hotel ment favorite Salt Lake's riott, president of the Washingnow

the CofSquare Temple and as served a counselor ton Stake, when

Salt fee Lake's most Shop of appraisals The above president. stake the Ezra Taft Elder was Benson

dining spot. family popular agricultural are chiefly Benson from for Marriott the case the sums up

leaders or men who have known him new Secretary of Agriculture:

through his service to American agriculture. An equally large group of Since the early days of Reed Smoot's

HOTEL andadmirersBoy could be found in his Church career Washington has probably had more Scout activities. We have temporaryplace on thecitizensglobe.of UtahStudents,thangovernmentany other

to two or employees, statesmen have and and come

Executive TEMPLE SQUARE limitedthree. Fromthese ChiefcommentsScout but in recent remained, have gone. Few

Clarence L West, Manager Arthur A. Schuck, Boy Scouts of years many more of our people have come

America, New York City, of which to stay and make their homes here.

Elder Benson is a member of the yearsEzrathroughTaft Bensonthe warhadas headhis stayof theof Nafive executive committee, we received this: tional Council of Farmer Cooperatives, and

he left to fill one of the high positions in

Ezra Taft Benson, member of the Nathe Church. During his five years in the

tional Executive Board of the Boy Scouts nation's capital he made his mark. He

of America since 1949, has a record of was a member of the Rotary Club, presiscouting service which dates back to 1918, dent of the Washington Stake, and was well. agricultural circles in as prominent scoutmaster he in Whitney, became when Teacher MUSICBeYour Own to Presicalled in counsel Idaho, with the was born. where he was He SAVING WAY THIS AT MONEYLEARN HOME States. of the dent United experience Mr. personal as a Benson's real of lessons consist Your A-B-C.Simple as

exercises. tiresomeselections, for Brother a great capacity agriculBenson had a farm as county You boy and later on

trick music. "numbers"orread his follow could tural in Preston, Idaho, agent enabled Few pace. The him work. are students band notes—noinsteadour 900,000ofSome realof

pictures. is in print and Everything of to his work here unthe national rural amountLEADERS. and quality bring to committee on

do. picture a to told areFirst Then what you for his set the questionably background scouting a background judgment and which the are playing music you how. Soon youshows

you like. Write for big 36 page Free Book and contributed materially to the work of this recent appointment as Secretary of AgriPrint Picture and Sample. Menfavorite instrument.tion your FREE committee in extending scouting to rural culture.

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC

Port Washington, Studio C1881, l\l. Y. BOOKLET youthnectionthroughoutwith his theworkentirein nation.organizingIn conthe

Idaho Cooperative Council of Farmers, serving as Marketing Specialist of the University HIGHLIGHTS IN THE CAREER OF of Agriculture, as well as ELDER EZRA TAFT BENSON Idaho College OFFER... of WE

of Secretary Executive Farmer Cooperatives, COMPLETE A ENGRAVING SERVICE Mr. Benson brought to each of the rural August 4, 1899—Born at Whitney, Idaho,

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest organizations with which he was associated the son of George T. and Sarah Dunkley

Catalogues. a keen knowledge of the Boy Scout moveBenson.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention ment and the Boy Scout program and its August 4, 1907—Baptized a member of the

of Christ of Latterday Jesus Church as organizations these application such by CO. ENGRAVING UTAH Saints.... their to membership. own

City, Utah St. Salt Lake 113 Regent assistant in the as scoutmaster fine family Mrs. a have Mr. and Benson 1918—Served

of six children, two of whom are Eagle Whitney Ward. This was the beginning

scouting. of his long career in Scouts. in the part to contribution Due OPPORTUNITY EARNINGS 2, 15, 1921November 1923—Mission to his leadership, scouting is today July by made teachers students, and many workers, Church Britain. Great of the youth a major program Mormon prinfurthering Christian others with concerned

profitable as ciples a discovering way and are new 26, 1923November 2, 1923—Served extends into the most Jan. Church even and

have as of so our representatives. doing Many Conference. of the Newcastle... president remote rural ward. find joy and their too can income. You doubled

or enjoy prosperity right community of Franklin Stake your own of his 19241930—Member are thrilled that a man We here

or travel. to 6,000 Others inmaking up M.I.A. board. more caliber, integrity, been has and spirituality Plus."annually. for "Opportunity Write

JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY INC. appointed to the important post of Secretary 1926—Was graduated from Brigham Young

1018 S. Wabash Dept. C42 Chicago 5, III. | of Agriculture. University.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA September 10, 1926—Married Flora Smith

1927—ReceivedAmussen in thehis SaltmasterLakeof Temple.science degree

from Iowa State College, having attended on a scholarship.March 1929—Appointed county agricultural WINTERS agent for the University of Idaho in CHURCH Franklin County. v* mmOctober 1930—Appointed in charge of agri- & SCHOOL

cultural economics extension work for ERM of Idaho. the University starts RIGHT NOW! 5 REGISTER JANUARY 11, 1932 1, 1930SeptemberNovember

These and many Member of the Boise Stake M.I.A. board. New classes: new classes open in otherday

September 11, 1932December 2, 1934 or evening school. If you

for live write out of town M.I.A. Boise Stake. BUSINESS LAW II SHORTHANDSuperintendent,

we'll full help you details; Simplified 27, 1938 2, 1934November GreggDecember livprogram, your arrange

First and accommodations services. counselor in the Boise Stake presiHY-SPEED LONGHAND BOOKKEEPING ingother dency.

November 27, 193839—President of Boise ACCOUNTINGBUSINESS If you live in or near

in Beginning for persontown, drop Stake. or Advanced MANAGEMENT al consultation. Remember:

April ARITHMETIC15, 1939—Became executive secretary BUSINESS cordially you're always welof the National Cooperative Council, an Beginning or Advanced ECONOMICS come at...

organization of farmers'cooperative marketing and purchasing associations.June 30, 1940—Sustained as the first presiBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

dent of Washington Stake.

of the 27, a memberJuly 1943—Named Branch COLLEGE III1SIISS the Twelve. Council [WII

7, by an ApostleOctober SALT LAKE CITY of1943—Ordained 70 NORTH MAIN 1 jfl| LflU President Heber J. Grant.

1943—Named a member of the national council, Boy Scouts of America. r * * * *

1946DecemberFebruary 1946—Reopened Ever Need To r

the Church. Missions of the European

to the National 22, 1949—AppointedMay

of America. COPY ANYTHING! executive board, Boy Scouts

1950—Sunday evening convocation speaker,... then you need

national Boy Scout Jamboree at Valley

Forge.

April 24, 1951—Received the Silver Antelope, high scouting award.

AmericanNovember 24, 1952—Appointed by PresiAuditorium

dent Dwight D. Eisenhower as his secrewith pew endsChairs

tary of agriculture.

AUDITORIUM CHAIRS

OUR HOUSE, OUR HOME DvdcJiU PHOTOCOPIER. FOR DIGNITY AND COMFORT

By Lucille Hovell Copies anything, anywhere! The PhotoIncreasingly, modern churches

Copier you can carry in a briefcase. The are turning to the dignity and

TVs really not the kind of house ONLY one that copies curved text near comfort, as well as the beauty * We'd like to own at all. binding of heavy volumes. Ideal for proarid'durability of American UpThe rooms aren't large or gracious, fessional, business and industrial use. in holstered Chairs. This type of

And it lacks an entrance hall. Eliminates longhandcopying and proofseating also lends itself to curved

reading notes. Accurate. Guaranteed! As rows. Write to us in detail about

It has no period or style; low as $39.00, complete. Write for literayour needs.

It's or antique not new. ture now! DEPARTMENT 1169

it's in, lived the houseBut we

SEATING AMERICAN COMPANY do. have to it would And F. G. Associates LUDW8G World's Leader in Public Seating

St. High Deep River, Conn. 3361 N. Rapids 901 Broadway W., Grand 2, Michigan

built bookcases in someSo Dad To flank the fireplace.

And we hooked a colored carpet

For the narrow oak staircase. s<#Unbreakable.... moulded

We planted little fruit trees,J toweight,look likenoiseglass.free.UiglilEcoheight. Standard nomical. lilacs blue white; and And BW71 dealer. your from Order of the smell honeysuckleAnd

SB 167 OFFER SPECIAL at night. the porch a bower Made Doz. $1.25

Mail $1.00 for trial lot of

Dad put in shelves and window seats one dozen sent postpaid.

To hold the children's toys, BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St.. Boston 14, Mass.

And our yard became a playground

To entice small girls and boys.

We wove our house into a home;

A pattern life will weave fat tventf

With hopes and tears from day to day;

And now we'll never leave. PONCHITO says buy,

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. EARLY CALIFORNIA

248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City Dial 3-1031 cadet ripe pitted olives

JANUARY 1953 63 Your Pagem

The Hamilton, Ontario, Branch, Canadian Mission is now people of the world, so they may all have the chance of hearing publishing a branch newspaper which it hopes will create the true gospel.

greater brotherhood within the branch. Also the officers invite We are very fortunate in being able to organize an L.D.S.

all former missionaries and branch members to renew their conbranch here in this camp, which is composed of just servicetacts with the branch by reading this paper. They request men.

that these friends send their names and addresses to Jim It will only be a few months and I will be back in the states

Nickolson, 33 E. 24th St., Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, enclosagain, due for my discharge from the army. I am looking foring ten cents to cover the costs of printing and mailing. ward to being home in the Blackfoot Stake and, then in the

near future thereafter, going into the mission field and serving years. for or Lord more two Kojido, Korea the

It to strange a person people quite has some seems how who Dear Sirs:

for after years in the to, soon wants he gets two been army cannot explain just how much the Era has meant to me. home, go away for another two years from his loved ones. I

I It has been my closest companion since I have been here humbly pray that my desire and wish may come true, soon.

in Korea. I have been in places where I couldn't attend I am again very thankful to the Church for my many blessings

church, but I always had my Eras to read, and they really of being able to receive the conference talks and other wondermeant a lot. ful messages by receiving The Improvement Era. May the

I'll be getting discharged soon, and I have been thinking a Lord bless us with the blessings our hearts so desire.

lot about the past two years. What have they done for me? As ever a friend, and member,

That was the big question in my mind. Nothing could have /s/ Emery Belnap helped me more than to read two articles in the recent Eras—

"Come Home Clean"[by Einar C. Erickson, September 1952, Camp Stoneman, California

p. 640] and the one about two years in the army being profitDear Editors:

able, [by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., August 1952, p. 568.] T 've read many letters of sincere gratitude and thanks from

They were very inspiring to me. * servicemen on "Your Page and Ours."I know of what

Thanks for the Era, they are speaking. The service has drawn me closer to the gos-

/s/ Hyrum C. Thomson pel in many ways, made me realize just what being a member

of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints really is.

I have a strong testimony of its truthfulness.

Fort Sherman, C. Z. source has Era of enjoyment and been a The Improvement

Dear Editors: of inspiration. counsel advice from its pages and The words

received my July issue while I was on my tour of duty in have helped a great deal. I now look eagerly to its coming.

* Greenland for a month. Because of the circumstances, we The many beautiful poems are being added to my collection.

were not able to hold meetings at all, and The Improvement I would like to add my small but sincere thanks along with

Era was really a great help in keeping me in tune with the the rest of the fellows for this inspired magazine. May the

Lord. I am very thankful to my beloved elders quorum for Lord always bless those who are connected with the publicasending me this magazine, as well as the "Church Section"tion of it, that it may continue. It's a wonderful feeling to

of The Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram. pick up a good magazine full of clean enjoyment.

I am also very thankful unto the Lord for all the many I am looking forward to the strength I receive from its pages.

wonderful blessings I have received, and for my most beloved, A sincere thank you for this opportunity.

wonderful mother and father. I only pray that I may, in the Sincerely,

near future, be able to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ to the /s/ Boyd Twiggs

-<s>- WILFORD WARD PRESENTS ROADSHOW

A cast of sixtyfive young people from the Wilford Ward presented "Hidden Treasures of Knowledge"in the Wilford

Ward (Salt Lake County) Stake M.I.A. roadshow. The plot concerned the nightmares of teenaged David, who falls asleep

reading horror comic books, and how he is rescued by the Church publications and the M.I.A. reading course. The skit, having

as its basis the Era sales slogan, "Read Truth Not Trash,"was written and directed by Annell H. Austin, Y.W.M.I.A. ward

drama director, and was cleverly dramatized in song and dance. It was so successful that the cast was asked to present the

short program in other wards and in another stake.

One of the unusual features of the production was the cooperation that it promoted among participants in the cast as well as others who wished the production to be a success. The back yard of Elder Gerwin Bailey, drama director of the Y.M.M.I.A.,

was the scene of activity for those who gathered to create the scenery out of packing boxes. Costuming and props were

also effected through the cooperation of officers and Mutual members. Cooperation was the keynote of the presentation, for

each person did his part to make effective the production as a whole.

The music for the production was commendably handled by Mrs. Virgil V. Peterson.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA F G* C The West's largest manufacturer of chrome furniture LOS ANGELES 45, CALIF.

Sold at leading western and midwestern furniture and department stores * * *o karin (jaoaJninq.

hen Dad decides to give Junior a lesson in When it comes to financial matters, though, fine art wthe of the the Christy, sets a Stem,Uurn and all Dad happier with better example—and

until well results. goes endsXWp in a Sitzmark... while protects Dad his family with a and He home Junior schusses merrily down the slope in a cloud Beneficial Life Insurance program—tailored to

of powder snow. Despite\\Dad's mishap, it's still his specific needs by his local Beneficial agent, who

a priceless experience for\\both father and son. can do the same for you.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company Over onequarter Billion Dollars of David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah

Life Insurance in Force.