IMPROVEMENT

APRIL 195

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

QirnqtedjudaliofUii. to

President George Albert Smith

- - Beloved Leader

I T is a happy privilege to extend our hearty congratulations and sincere good wishes to President Smith on his eightieth birthday.

In many fields of endeavor he has exerted, and continues to exert, distinguished leadership. With the zeal of the true pioneer,

he has made notable contributions to the solid and substantial growth of his Church. His outstanding characteristic—the ability

to win friends has established for him a worldwide reputation.

We who have pioneered along industrial and commercial lines, know something of the obstacles and struggles that lie in the pathway of all pioneers. That President Smith has earned the respect

and admiration of great and small, speaks volumes for his outstanding ability, his philosophy of life and his strength of character.

We join with his legion of friends in extending many happy returns of the day.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Never before, possibly never again

SUCH AN AMAZING OFFER To IMPROVEMENT ERA Readers!

FOR

5 DAYS EXAMINATION LlOliONE OF THE CLASSIC ACHIEVEMENTS

IN PUBLISHING HISTORY!

COMPLETE -GORGEOUSLY ILLUSTRATED

FOR REFERENCE—STUDY—FAMILY USE

At last, after years of preparation, research and study, an event to which ministers, scholars and religious teachers have looked forward—is a glorious reality!

Whether or not you now own a Bible, you've never seen one like this! It is breathtakingly beautiful, supremely

authoritative, most lavishly and colorfully illustrated, remarkable for its completeness of Biblical information, replete with extra data, knowledge and facts to help you truly understand, more fully appreciate and be guided by "God's Miracle Book!'

"I AM THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD..

The very name of this glorious masterpiece of Bible publishing was inspired by one of Jesus'own sayings (John 8:12), just as men and women of all ages and

walks of life have been inspired to seek truth, understanding and guidance through the sayings of The

Master. For you and your loved ones, it too will be an

unending source of spiritual comfort and enlightenment, courage and hope—the One Book the memory

of which your children will cherish throughout life.

will that feature unusual make Another costly works. the most HEIRLOOM! FAMILY A AS TREASURED BE WILL authoritative is section large real which joy, a a study Bible

this all features of the unusual describe to begin cannot Words difficult Bible questions—plus a condensed Bible Comanswers

cherish will forever of and edition the Book remarkable you One the fully that the terms, Sayings explains and words and mentary it as children, has that comfort will inspire you and your and Still etc. section Hereafter, the of another Life Jesus, Death and

Its 1850 are printed big ages. from pages the throughout millions of Biblical alphabetical index proper complete a names, provides

fine, specially opaque, thin Bible large, prepared clear on type 16 in they a to as big reference together where appear. with maps

It reference, is fully for with a easy beauthumb-indexed paper. Register, 4-color beautiful Military color, a a Family handsome

tiful 22 has karat silk gold marker. used been Genuine ribbon all a find Service in Record, geographic the index—you'll them

features, Exclusive for edging. stamping throughout never and of "Light the Bible! spared has World"expense been to No make

crossBible, center such in as before column incorporated ANY this beautiful the world's magnificently most Bible.

actual interpretations detailed references page and numbers with fullcolor of the of magnificent reproductions explanations and SEND MONEY! NO will religious paintings world's further of 63 the renowned most

this amazof to advantage take in every family America want of the of We to study understanding enjoyment, and your Book add

Bible, this use wonderful to and FREE. examine ing opportunity the are Jesus words Testament, In Books. the spoken by New

is after clip coupon. the to Only Send no money! All have do you in in the printed Messianic prophecies and red; Old allTestament,

it its distinctive features, actually new, seen compared have you are starred for emphasis.

it friends price, ministerat to and any others your with shown

NO HOME SHOULD BE WITHOUT IT! needthat ityoumoredecidethan whethermeets youryouexpectations,want to keepreturnit. If youit withindon't 5agreedays

nothing. and us Only you owe contains Biblical not Concordance Encyclopedia and unique The

cents 75 95 cents plus andif youhandlingdecideandto thekeepbalance,it, send$1.00just postage of exhaustive the of the Bible, an only summary a Chronology

in 15 $15.95 for value for all—a stupendous week weeks—only also a a Concordance, Bible but of a complete the and Books

difficulties still a this! like offer—so Bible Production Subjects to Persons, Index Dictionary and Customs, of Biblical

at once. delay. don't the Send coupon Youlimithavethiseverything Festivals, chapters Miracles NOW! Places, Dictionary, a on Geographical

to lose. to gain—nothing helpful aids in other only found and Parables—and many, many

AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION

FREE EXAMINATION COUPON ATTRACTIVELY

For Readers ERA IMPROVEMENT BOXED AS A

Library Guild, Inc. Dept. E-l BEAUTIFUL GIFT

1440 Broadway, New York 18, N. Y.

"Light send complete Please the new, examination me for FREE

Bible. return After S days, I will either the it and World"owe youo!

nothing, or keep it and remit $.95 plus $.75 postage and handling, and THIS EDITION IS

then $1.00 a week for just 15 weeks. ($15.95—complete price.) OFFERED ESPECIALLY

Name—-...—..-.. To IMPROVEMENTReaders. ERA

Address.. NOT SOLD THROUGH

STORES. RETAIL

Old of...State..- - Words..Zone CityPropheciesTestament if Age PrintedR s II Christ in

21. Under AboutIndicated J eby s u* Inc. Guild, Library

to prefer here $.75 Check if you Actual HANDLING: Number POSTAGE SAVE AND 1440 Broadway of ReferencePage course. applies, privilege of $15.95 this order. with S day return Occupation..Osend Same Y. 18. N. York New

APRIL 1950 241.

4 1950 1870 AJm

ommemoratLvii

a life devoted to service..

to his God and his Church,

serving as missionary and leader since a young man of 21;

to the youth of the land,

serving the Y.M.M.I.A. and the Boy Scouts

of America, achieving the Silver Buffalo, highest award of scouting;

to his fellow men throughout the world,

preserving the land with advanced irrigation methods; serving the people of Utah

through wise handling of public funds;

and making his life an inspiration to people of all faiths.

l/l/e Salute [-reiident Ljeovae Mlbert Jmitk

on, hiikid eueiqktletk anniuersam

First Family Newspaper in the Mountain West

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He helped build

Wines

West

Wise leader and courageous pioneer

George Albert Smith long ago foresaw what the fledgling airline industry would meai to the Intermountain West.

He knew the vital importance of swift and dependable transportation in developing this vast area.

As a deeply valued friend and counselor to Western Air Lines, 1 and as a member of its board of directors for many years, he helped to build one of America's great airlines.

And so we acknowledge, with pride, gratitude, and affection,

George Albert Smith's lasting contribution to air transportation in the West.

WESTERN AIR LINES

AMERIA& 01DEST AIRLINE

APRIL 1950 243 jgryis—?*>i

<\&J3 *\ic SS7 Q> Q vo, \y >0,$ C3, U f

'u*.

P Story Time si

u...with Uncle Roscoe

Uncle Roscoe's world is a world of silver slippers, & i of strange mirrors and prancing white horses.

i Uncle Roscoe knows Tom Sawyer as he knows \jtu the back of his hand. And Black Beauty is a personal friend of his. If you want to visit a world r

\3 of Robinson Crusoe or Dr. Dolittle—and

meet some mighty interesting people—then

listen to "Story Time With Uncle Roscoe,"lay beamed directly from the KSL Studios

Monday through Friday at 5:15 P. M. &

b A'A ',0/

-< >>V.

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

imagination

IT'S FULL OF IDEAS!

jgWSSfife

J yecoration minded?

Fuller's exclusive Jewel Case stimulates color scheming. Hundreds

of modern interior colors! Large,

Th& colors thatpleasew, excitingloose swatchescolor combinations.help you createKeep

anthenJltLotors swatches you like. They're free!

home!

File your chosen swatches in Fuller's Shop with your Color Plan folder in Learn painting "knowhow"for ceilslotted Color Plan folder—your ceiling, your purse. Help clerks help you save ings, walls, woodwork, floors, furniture

wall and rug colors! Keeps them clean, time; prevent color errors when buying—from Fuller's "Howto-paint"folders.

safe, always handy. Also free! fabrics, draperies, carpeting, linens. Practical guides to good results. Free

forr colcolor FULLER IS FIRST FULLR

v< Painting Contractors welcome color PAINTS formula on each Fuller swatch. Saves c

mixing time; assures color agreement. ytieif aAt

Fuller Paint Dealers can give names of reliable Contractors.

There's a Fuller Paint Dealer near you, w.p.fuller &co * Jewel Cme* interior s&lors

APRIL 1950 245 *Presiden t George Albert Smith

Churchman

Businessman

Friend

The fifty thousand men and women of the Union

Pacific Railroad join in congratulating President

Smith on his eightieth birthday. We wish him good

health and many more years of devoted service

to his Church and his people.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Congratulations to President Geo. Albert Smith on His 80th Birthday!

ABSOLUTELY

The True Secret ofHealth, Courage, Success and Happiness iW

WHY THE A OFHINTTHISOF GREATTHE CONTENTSBOOK

In "Faith To Live By,"Alson J. Smith demonstrates that \ wiihjReading Club every problem, every crisis,

every situation can be met faith. successfully with OFFERS YOU A FREE COPY OF

chapters: is a listing of lowing n u FolFaith To Live By THEFAITHMEANINGAND PURPOSEOF FAITH

**i by AlsonJ. Smith AHOWFAITHFAITHFOR HEALSAN ATOMIC AGE

A FAITH TO FACE THE DAILY is masterwork, an absorbing superb in one HERE, GRIND revelarion just and what faith is how you of can use it to triumph over the frustrations and con- A FAITH TO OVERCOME PESflicts of everyday life. "Faith,"says Dr. Smith, "is SIMISM

transmarvelously philosopher's the which stone

A FAITH TO OVERCOME liability asset, into into desperation hope, forms HANDICAPS life. into health, into sickness death do I and How

know? Because I have seen it do all of these things."A FAITH TO OVERCOME SIN

Yes, faith can solve family problems, help master A FAITH TO OVERCOME worry, change fear into action. Faith can move OBSESSION

this wonderful book mountains and heal—and A FAITH TO OVERCOME FEAR is priced at $2.50, edition publisher's proves it. The

DOUBLE GU be FREEbut wetowantdemonstrateto send youthe yourkind copyof importantABSOLUTELYreading A MARITALFAlTH TODISCORDOVERCOME the Family join if will decide to receive you join the Club whether Club..Usethe Club f25*f youReading you But or A THEFAITHHOMETO STRENGTHEN

is yours Live not, "Faith By"yout copy of To free. Read the details of this unusual offer below; A FAITH TO MEET LONELIread how the Family Reading Club brings its memNESS

bers the finest books each month—at prices much A FAITH TO FACE DEATH

less than the publishers'retail editions. Then mail FAITH IS POWER

today! the coupon

: OR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS

The Family Reading Club was founded to find each four Club selecrions they buy. Including

books for the whole family—books which are these Bonus Books, members thus save as much Mai! This Coupon

worthwhile, interesting without entertaining from the Club! and the books they receive on as 50% FREE ABSOLUTELY being sensational. of Board our Each month "Faith To Live By"Mail Editors selects the from many one book Coupon among Send No Money—Just

Club, Reading submitted by one book will Family publishers—the mail the coupon. it can Send We no money—just enthusiastically to members. recommend most Mineola, Dept. 4ER, at once, New York Live By"your copy of "Faith To send you

that are read These always can books will reserve a time at the membersame we with and abso- a "Faith Live at of Please once By"copy send To me pleasure the every of member by family—booksbe the story read have After you in ship in name. your Reading the Family a reserve lutely free membership and

all, will that that discussed can I become be by will join If the Club to wish not in do name. Club if my cancel wish to Club, the you Family Reading of

free receipt after of 10 days this withinI reservation cancel my library prized volumes. is tell so. us There reservation, merely no your each send as and a enroll me member Otherwise book. me

I accept part to your membership obligation which selection, on forthcoming the Club's review a of month Club Save Members How 50% are I membership There no choose. reject as accept or may join, of "Faith your copy not or you and whether

I a accept fees, the dues or only join If Club, requiremenr—if join—to to Family decide the Reading you is Live FREE. By"To twelve selections the during coming Club four of minimum

forthwill the the review Club's receive of you a handling. and postage each, As plus at only months $1.89

appeals which believe club to four in a necessary If selection each book each you with month. free entitled coming Bonus Book membet

is "Faith Live I of By"accept. copy Club selections toThea To the instincts famfinest of every of the member accept each to for a a book member It is month—onlynot I join. not or mine to keep—free—whetherI will be ily, to Family the let Reading entire introduce us to retain year an you membership. during four

By,""Faith Live for instead each sending of paying Club to $3.50 $2.75 you To And, by toName

(Please Print) Club. story of the only with each gether the complete purchased, $1.89 pay members book

Address free of number as the a the handling. now, plus In Mail for postage few cents and coupon

addirion to this grear saving, members receive a copies of this great work to be distributed in this City Zone State free Bonus Book of the same high quality with way is limited. Occupation Age if under 21

Same price in Canada: 105 Bond St., Toronto 2 FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA; NEW YORK

APRIL 1950 247 CENTENNIAL SUMMER SCHOOL Plan now to attend!

The one hundredth birthday Summer School promises to be the finest in the history of the University.

Outstanding educators, Institutes, Conferences, Workshops, special features along with good recreation and plenty of fun are on the program.

Make plans to be at the University of Utah Summer School.

A FEW OF THE STAR FEATURES * Conferences and Workshops Junior College Conference Orthopedic Nursing (June 28July 1) (July 31 -August 4) - Writers'Conference Counseling Workshop {June 1930) (June 28July 1) jf Education of the Exceptional Child Educational Administrators (June 2024) (June 2024) Educational Supervisions Professional Relations (June 19July 7) (June 2024) if Kindergarten Education Family Life Institute (July 25August 11) (July 25August 11)

SPECIAL COURSES Alcoholism... AudioVisual... Anthropology

Botany Field Course... Comparative Education... Family

Life Guidance... Industrial Arts... Education...

Scandinavian Literature (in English)... Oriental Philosophy

SPECIALISTS

Specialists from all parts of the country have been enlisted as instructors at this Centennial Summer School, including:

Dr. Leo F. Cain, San Francisco State Dr. Heber A. Sotzin, San Jose State

Dr. C. D. Champlin, Penn State Dr. C. C. Trillingham, Superintendent of Los

Dr. Daniel D. Feder, University of Denver Angeles County Schools

Dr. Paul Fisher, Southern California Louise Bogan, University of Chicago

Lorene K. Fox, Queens College, New York Herschel Brickell, editor and writer

Dorothy Northrup Ruef, New Jersey State Walter Van Tilburg Clark, author—and others.

RECREATIONAL FEATURES—Weekend You will find the CENTENNIAL SUMMER

trips to Southern Utah Parks and other guided SCHOOL unusually satisfying.

tours;; the Festival, square dance Summer Music

for full information to Dean of the social dancing, parties reWrite will give and canyon

School. Summer laxation studies. from

Regular courses both graduate and undergraduate.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Salt Lake City 1, Utah

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 9 am tfim lends

Shakespe Timmon of Athens

It is a distinct honor for

General Petroleum Corporation

to join the many thousands of friends of

President George Albert Smith

in extending congratulations and

best wishes on the

8oth anniversary of his birth.

GEN PETROLEUM CORP

MobilgastOCONY VACUUM

m$

APRIL '950 249

Progress During the Lifetime ofA Great Leader

a churchman, organizer and administrator, President George Albert A,.S

Smith has brought rare qualities of leadership to a host of activities.

His career is a brilliant and inspiring example of what can be achieved by hard work and determination under the guidance of right thinking and right

living.

His qualities of heart and mind have won the enduring love and devotion of Latterday Saints everywhere. And, possessing the highest esteem of nonmembers in all walks of life, he is bringing to the Church he leads an everincreasing respect in the eyes of the world.

In the course of his eighty years he has seen, and has contributed to, the epic growth of the great intermountain empire, founded under the leadership of one of his inspired predecessors. He has seen the development of

small struggling villages into busy cities—the transformation of desert wastes

to fruitful farm lands—the expansion of crude factories into farreaching

industries—the establishment of many new enterprises—the growth of his beloved Church from a few thousand souls to over a million!

On the occasion of President Smith's eightieth birthday we extend to him our sincere wishes for many more years of good health, personal happiness and cherished service to the people he leads and loves.

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

Salt Lake City

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A new method has been developed for freezing eggs without cracking the shell. The resulting eggs are suitable for home use. Socrates A.

Kaloyereas has found that by removing enough water to allow for the expansion of the ice formed by freezing, of the percent to threeabout two eggs CHOCOLATE DROP without frozen under vacuumcould be cracking. COOKIES

irpo determine the amount of wear on are always perfectly piston rings, the rings can be made baked, perfectly containing radioactive materials and delicious!

the amount of the ring which has been worn off after a few hours use Arid they cost less measured with tests on the oil. than homebaked

Amounts as small as onemillionth of an ounce of metal can be detected. cookies of equal

quality.

A sound afterimage has been discovered by the Harvard University PsychoAcoustic Laboratory. This

is the acoustic counterpart of the carton A noticed vision in the eyepersistence of Cookies of HOUSE cellophaneprotectedTOWN magnesium photographer'safter, say, a of average 34 contains an lamp has flashed. The acoustic aftercookies. That means the cost

image lasts only a few seconds, after per dozen is very low indeed.

such sounds as a strong buzz or the clicking of a typewriter.

rpRiETHYLENE glycol vapor may prove to be a means of beating the common cold. Under suitable conditions

it instantly kills cold germs and other airborne bacteria and viruses. There

has been a marked reduction in the number of absences from work due to colds in large scale tests which have been made. The vapor can easily

be added in air conditioning and seems to be harmless to human beings and to fabrics. Further tests are being

made.

A photoelectric reading machine for the blind has been designed by

V. K. Zworykin and L. E. Flory

which enables a blind person to read a printed page at a maximum of fifteen words a minute. The print is

scanned by a handheld stylus which shines a thirtycycle vibrating light spot on the page and looks at the page with a phototube which with auxiliary apparatus converts the light into a tone. The tones corresponding to the

several letters can be learned fairly rapidly. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX

APRIL 1950 25:

\Jnicial LJrcraan oj THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lhurcn of ifllll mi of oLatteraau Saints n-> r*> n*J n*J VOLUME 53 rW NUMBER 4 r Jpril 1950

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L EVANS THE COVER

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Editor: C. Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA

of This President study George - Editor: Editor: J. L. JR. Manuscript Research ELIZABETH MOFFITT ZOBELL, ALBERT

Albert Smith, photographed Lee by Editor: Director: "Today's Family"- Art BURL SHEPHERD WHITE NELSON

Portrait Studio, reveals President - Editors: Contributing F. G. BENNETT ARCHIBALD HOMER DURHAM

character, Smith's his stalwart - S. JR. A. HARRIS, FRANKLIN LEE NIBLEY PALMER - HUGH

his kindlistraightforwardness, and - B. B. SIDNEY SPERRY CLAUDE PETERSEN

is ness. This photograph among - S. Manager: General R. ELBERT Associate Manager; REEDER CURTIS BERTHA

favorite likePresident Smith's

F. Business Manager: Advertising D. Director: GILES SCOTT JOHN VERL

nesses.

HONORING PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH OPTIMIST IN THE MAKING

By the President Creed 261 By Elaine V. Emans

The Editor's Page—After Eighty Years 263

Feature Articles About the President ["shall look upon the bright

Born of Goodly Parents Archibald F. Bennett 268 * Side of things, though it will be

Sharing the Gospel with Others Preston Nibley 270 Necessary, first, to light

A Period of Progress Doyle L. Green and Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 272 A lamp of faith, that I may see.

Humor, a Way of Life...Marba C. Josephson 274

Service Through Industry... George Albert Smith

- - Bryant S. Hinckley 282

Perpetuating Our Ideals Through Markers and Monuments

George Q. Morris 284 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES

in A Normal Day of George Albert Smith the Home Street 50 North Main -.Robert Murray Stewart

1, Utah 286 Salt Lake City the President Day with D. 288 A Arthur Haycock

President George Albert Smith... Scouter Copyright 1950 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaMen's Mutual Improvement Young

Christ of of Jesus of the Church reserved. All rights SubGeorge Albert - Smith... FriendD. E.of theHammondLamanitesand...JohnForaceD. GreenGiles 290292 tionAssociationLatterdayot theSaints.

Tributes and Congratulations scription price, $2.50 o year, in advance; foreign

The Two Great Commandments to An Exemplar All Men....PresidentPresidentJ. ReubenDavid O.Clark,McKayJr. 266267 singlesubscriptions,copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Greetings from the Auxiliaries 259 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, for secondclass matter. Acceptance as mailing George Smith, Albert Honorary of Doctor Humanities 277

in for special rate of provided postage section at Birthday Greetings the from Council of the Twelve 302 1917, authorized July Act of October 2, 1103, Birthday First Greetings the Council of from the Seventy 302 1918.

Our Tribute to President George Albert Smith, the Presiding

Bishopric.... 304 solicitedThe Improvementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unEditorials

by sufficient manuscripts must be accompanied Love as Yourself Your Neighbor A. John 298 All Widtsoe

return. for delivery postage and University The of Utah Centennial John A. 299 Widtsoe

The Era Salutes Its Senior Editor Richard L. Evans 299 Change of Address

OTHER FEATURES dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adslip recent issue address of a from Fielding the magazine. Joseph Years an Apostle A. William 275 Lund Smith—Forty

cannot changes Address be unless the old made In Recognition.. Oscar L. Jr. Zobell, Albert A. Kirkham 279

is well as as the address new included. one

: in Lehi IV Nibley 276 Hugh the Desert—Part.

the Drawing Blueprint—VI

History A Church Travel Service—II, Louise LintonJohn D.SalmonGiles 278280 National Advertising Representative* A Report on M Men Basketball—194950 Doyle L. Green 281

The Spoken Word from Temple Square 298, 314, 318, Richard L. Evans 336

Jr. Albert The Call to Conference L, Zobell, 326 San EDWARDFrancisco S.andTOWNSENDLos Angeles

Universe, the Exploring Today's FrankFamily, Burl Shepherd

ASSOCIATES SADLER & SANGSTON...251 Jr. lin S. Harris, in Planning, Art Garden New York in the Optimist Birrell Making, Verla 296

Elaine V. Emans 252 Blueprint for Beauty 296 HARRY V. LYTLE

These Times, Political Science Lemons and Honey 299 Chicago and American Foreign Policy, The Diary Habit, Annie L.

G. Homer Durham 253 Gaetz 301

Poetry Page 261 Your Page and Ours 340 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POLITICAL SCIENCE AND AMERICAN

FOREIGN POLICY

To By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head of Political Science Department,

University of Utah President "Cor the past few years American distant by means of flight. We are

foreign policy seems to have been also aware that any point on the predicated on the basic assumption that earth's surface may be much closer inofficials of the United States governterms of guided missiles. But are we Smith

ment, by taking thought and action, can aware that these same facts provoke determine the conduct of other nanational as well as international tional states located throughout the consequences?

world. This basic assumption is ilPolitical science at its present state

lustrated in terms of the frequent cry, demonstrates, so far as I understand it, "Why don't we do something about that we know (as distinguished from the Chinese situation?""Why don't surmise) very little about controllingwe do something about Russia?"and directing even local domestic afHEARTFELT

"Why don't we do something about fairs. It is true we can pave streets

Indonesia?"and build highways. We have learned

social education and to administer crises reported In from Washington, of GREETINGS terms services. But in inand by correspondents comment and welfare

traveling public officials appearing bedetermining the shape and nature of system the and socioeconomicfore local groups, discussion usually the on your Birth individuals and which adjustmentgets the point, to around "What are we to lack seem groups make to it, we thisgoing that or foreign about to do situation?"Such concern reflects incertain knowledge as yet. If political

date, to anything demonstratestelligence all too science and is laudable. But Anniversary

totaliof the it is that only by means thatoften the assumption seems to be we are in a position, by taking thought tarian exercise of force or propaganda and action, to regulate the affairs of can a national state, by means of poother national states. Is it possible to litical action, control and determine

regulate where a state does not govern? the future course of events. And when

The facts of power, of influence, of force and propaganda are used, our even control are apparent. But what knowledge of political science indicates

reactions occur which humanis the problem from the standpoint of that often 80 Years perhaps in frustration, result war, andpolitical science?

It is true that the world has shrunk national suicide.

Yet, American foreign policy and technologically. It is also true that

the world is still alive with vital, namany of the American people appear of blithely the ason be proceeding tional its to states, each with peopled political that there is a real sumption local partaking ofown inhabitants will science available which culture, intentcustoms and each upon enable Great thought leaders to take our nationalpursuing to it to appears what be a and action to determine the course of national destiny. It is also true that

world affairs. Perhaps it is time to

the forces of internationalism are abroad. Thinking and men women realizevolve usthatin thethissameassumptionmethods maythat theinAccomplishment the necessityunderstand for economic

relationships and commercial intertotalitarian state has been forced to effort utilize in the exert to control andcourse; for a larger social understandit affairs. is also domestic Perhaps

ing; for cultural and

to realize that for us educational time although we exchange; for freedom of travel, conlive in the age of internationalism, the

siderable freedom in movement of national state is still the dominant goods and people from point to point political engine of these times, and over the earth's surface. We are aware that the reconciliation of national interof the oftrepeated cliche that any ests is a cooperative, multilateral

point in the world is only sixty hours undertaking. DESERET NEWS

PRESS

APRIL 1950 253 M.I.A. IN 19501951

Best Wishes!

from SECOND COUNSELOR, GENERAL PRESIDENCY

OVERLAND OF THE Y.W.M.I.A.

GREYHOUND LINES jjT ike it? I do! It's Mutual!"meet either on a Saturday or on an

to I In the year 19491950 afternoon which will not conflict there were 100,675 young with Primary. President George Albert Smith U

women and over 76,000 young men, Beginning June 1, Beehive Girls on his in their two will complete work will twelve 80th Birthday allprovementactive membersAssociation,in the Mutualwho mightImyears. be These girls

-X have made this statement. Our hope and thirteen years old. Necessarily,

is that we will have every one of the program is simplified, and less Through the changing years. Greyhound has kept pace with the these young people with us through work will be required for a girl to

of progress of thriving march the the summer, and will add that we Bee. an become Honor We are

its state of Utah enterprising and the during hundreds more many will sure this be welcomed change citizens. this occasion, GreyOn

hound is happy to join the thouyear because M.I.A. for 19501951, in most areas of the Church and

sands of others in honoring a great if our plans and dreams work out, will give the fourteenyear-old girl

American leader. should prove simpler, happier, and a challenge from a new department.

more fun than ever before. Next year the fourteenand-fifThe new M.I.A, year begins June teenyear-old girls will be charter

1, 1950 and continues without intermembers of a brand new class, takruption until May 31, 1951. ing the name of Mia Maids. Mia,

Someone said to us, "The Mutual of course, stands for Mutual Imtells us it is simplifying the program provement Association and when

V.-E R L A N D,

then adds something else or makes reversed is aim. The aim of these GREYHOUND a lot of changes."This is true, girls is to become better Latterday

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES partially. Changes will always be Saint wives and mothers.

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. necessary to keep us up to date. The age for Boy Scouts now is

Without changes and improvements eleven, twelve, and thirteen years.

we might all be burning kerosene When a Scout reaches the age of lamps, even carrying candles. Yes, fourteen, he will automatically bethere will be some changes in the come an Explorer. However, it

Mutual plan next year, but as.we will not be necessary for boys fourhave worked and prayed about teen, fifteen, and sixteen, which is

these innovations, we felt that our the age of Explorers, to have had planning has been blessed. Boy Scout training.

M. I. A. will continue through Sixteen, seventeen, and eighteenthe summer with one spiritual lesson yearold girls will now form a new

a month and three planned activigroup to be known as the Junior ties for each age group. The sugGleaners. This will include girls

gestion is made that strong athletic from the last year of the former first..Were making andand thatrecreationduring leadersthe summerbe selectedmonths twoJunioryearsclass of(sixteen)the Gleanerand the class

emphasis be placed upon activity, (seventeen and eighteen). Plans the NEWHOUSE with these leaders carrying the are being made for these girls to

load. of part the In major many events lessons fun share and many again! new instances presisuperintendents and will the with Junior Men, who M

the of is one Newhouse their dents, assistants counThe and years eighteen seventeen and be and West the of hotels great greater it selors vacation. go to on make may going By we're old.

been haven't If you ever. than careful will organizing, the see work in and drop recently, there to twentynineteen from Youth

for yourself. the forward remaining move under will joint class five a form known

executives class. This the and these athletic and as M MenGleaner recreation leaders.

will and be joint in activities group

The First Presidency and general lessons, with one or two exceptions.

your superintendency* have announced "hoteltvpe of the of and:e Young free Men What rvations rese inclusion other the of elevenyear-old tol "twentyfive between Young Women OTELs HOTt in the effective chargeWESTERN Scout program, boys | HOTELS lucky peotwenty-nine? These and p0C* San Angelesnlle's as as approval of local soon counLos to will their ple choice have ron Francisco, is cils obtained. will These boys Seattle. to the they belong whether M asMen-

*For official announcement see page 256. (Concluded on page 256)

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

::::::: ]: -m::::.:.,:.: yy::.::::z::::--msmm::;,::] I::

illllillilili.:....":::...,..:.::..:.;::r:::':;i:ii;:.;y

LEADERSHIP

lavowio/i/uw

Wwb'r'ti tTian onehalf century fflj|P""lii$piring'setyiee;: to the

youth of Utah and America.

The 4200 members of the Utah Copper family extend to George Albert

Smith, President, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, heartiest

best wishes and congratulations on the 80th anniversary of his birth.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION

APRIL 1950 255.

M.I.A. IN 19501951

{Concluded from page 254) Young, knew the importance of

Gleaner class or go into the Special wellrounded lives. He realized

Interest group. Young married the necessity of knowing well the

Beautiful couples will have their choice of principles of the gospel and of

Save Space becoming members of the M Menapplying them to everyday life by

Gleaner class or of the Special the promotion of the various arts,

Efficient Interest group. developing many unseen and hidden

Provide talents. sure that are very ac- a more We

DoubleDuty tive athletic is We, upon whose shoulders has program, in which

Rooms the planning, including basketball, fallen the cloak of leadership of

Wide Variety volleyball, Softball, tennis, as well the youth of this Church, sense of Colors as camping and handicraft, will be keenly our obligation to plan a welcomed in many areas of the pattern that may be adapted to fit

Church. our youth wherever the sun happens

Of course, there will always be to shine upon them. We truly hope

stake leaders dance, and ward drama, music, and teachers speech, and ACCORDIONLIKE IN will their sense obligation but in the to stay activities these new year

OPENING AND CLOSING will not be rehearsed during the in the saddle for many years in

This improved type of folding wall is class period. order that they may know their

folk, their unit a complete understand folding young on itself probAssembly are to programs be all in successful types of openings lems, the fruition see and tomorrow direct the supervision of the for inunder and commercial both home plans of today. made speech in directors the wards. The It is stallations. fabriccovered for At to conference June we hope will programs be presented for rigidity various beauty—metalframed to I. A. workers the M. a comby the different strength. and age groups but not give

consecutively as has been the case prehensive understanding of the enthis year. tire program for 195051.

Our great founder, Brigham Like it? We do! It's Mutual!!

1343 ALDER'SSo. Main Salt Lake City

Phone 7-1531

SCOUTING AND EXPLORER AGES

'The M.I.A. will now take to the Much of the Scout training will be

elevenyear-old boys of the given by an Assistant Scout Master

Church, the program of the Boy or a Junior Assistant Scout Master asScouts of America. A boy at eleven sisted by older Scouts and Explorers.

may be registered as a Candidate However, the entire program will be

Scout. This permits him to be a under the direction of the M.I. A., and

will be elevenyear-old Scouts in Scout a troop and patrol without these to troop. attached the ward rank. In order a Candidate to become their of achiking and other Most

Scout he would: tivities will be conducted during afterrather Saturdays than overand noons

1 from the Repeat Scout memory Oath will hikes. night camping yard Back

or the Promise points twelve of and emphasized. be the Scout the Scout Law, Motto, and

the Scout Church age in now The the slogan Scout the explain MLLEYS and meaning of each in his own words. becomes 1112-13 years. A regis-

2. Give the Scout Sign, Salute, and tered Boy Scout now automatically beHandclasp. comes an Explorer on his fourteenth

J&tUfis tastier 3. tionPresentfee. his application and registrabirthday.man 14 yearsAt theof agesameortimeolderanymayyoungbeHe would then receive his membership come an Explorer. If he is not a Boy

to card, the be permitted wear uniform and Scout, Post. Explorer join an he may 7*4Uf is "tops"his reTenderfoot on to work proceed is 14 - 15 - 16 Explorer age The new quirements. years New plans for young men 17

to 18 are and of anyears age be elevenyear-old boys who The prefer You'll to too, Tang, nounced soon. register as beScouts Candidate may favorite your seafood make of Latof Christ Church Jesus The as qualify they as quickly can come, still inviting. dish For more charter terday Saints from a received Scouts, SecondClass Tenderfoot all of dressings alone Tang the of Scouts on Boy America May FirstClass Scouts, Scouts. even and the facspecial gives "flavor 1913. 21, time, that scouting At was will elevenyear-old not boys The zest. tor"for extra so Yet the into introduced A. as a Y.M.M.I. the the of sessions evening attend! thrifty, too of the part the of program. Many will their receive M.I.A., but scouting

of leaders our been Church have jointly at to time determined a be by activities. in scouting prominent Below the of the bishop the and ward ward

is quotations a compilation of some I. superintendent; A. Saturday M.

several of them: from afternoons, or mornings, Saturday

other weekday time other than during After many years of close contact with

The perfect salad dressing the Primary hour. {Concluded on page 337)

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

9>J-

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

yl Tribute to a Great Leader

Born in 1870, the year after the advent of the railroad to Utah,

President George Albert Smith's life represents a golden link between the present and the past. With a kindliness towards all people

and a tolerance for others with whom he may differ in opinion or principle, this good and great man has won the love and respect of men of good will wherever he is known. His services to agriculture and to industry, as exemplified by this pioneer beet sugar

company over which he presides, have been both substantial and of

long duration.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

George Albert Smith, President

Factories in Utah - Idaho Washington - Montana - South Dakota

APRIL 1950 257 THE CHURCH MOVES ON At cJJaiA Jo *dJau Lkronoloau LJf (kurck (L-uenti

University Stake created from mended for ordination until after the

February 1950 -*- parts of Emigration (Salt Lake First Council of the Seventy has given & The Logan, Utah, temple reCity) Stake, with President J. Quayle its approval. Then he is to be inter-

"opened for ordinance work after Ward and Merrit L. Poulsen and Leviewed and the recommendation procextensive renovations and additions monte Peterson as counselors. Comessed according to provisions in the

costing more than two hundred thouprising the stake are the two Eleventh Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook.

wards, Twelfth, Thirteenth, a new dollars, includingsand cloakrooms, It that the announced miswas expected to ward the formed be fromlinen room, laundry with modern 17 in sionaries laboring the Czech existing University StaWard, and boilerequipment, tool room, shop and being recalled at the Mission were in Village dium Branch. Remaining for building the engineer, storageroom of request the government. Czech the Emigration are the Stake two for supplies, kitchen,rooms modern Missionaries years of with service two Twentyfirst wards, the two Twentycold storage space equipment, adand -an to release; be given honorable were seventh the wards, to and be ward officeditional space, additional and those not served years had who two created the existing from University in chapel.space the temple being transferred to other were This, the stake of the 177th Ward.

O Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of Church, was created under the direcmissions.

the Council of the Twelve dedition of Elders Albert E. Bowen and j o General Superintendent Elbert

cated the Morelia Branch chapel, Harold B. Lee of the Council of the * "R. Curtis of the Young Men's

Mexican Mission, Twelve. Mutual Improvement Association anThe appointment of Frank B. East Long Beach Stake created from nounced new age groups for boys,

Bowers as vicechairman of the Church parts of Long Beach (California) Young men from eleven to thirteen building committee announced by Stake, with John C. Dalton, formerly will be Boy Scouts; from fourteen to

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards. second counselor in the Long Beach sixteen will be Explorers. These folRobert Sherwood of Morgan, Utah, Stake presidency as president, and low the recommendations of the Boy

spent part of the day with President Samuel H. Cortez and Max A. Bryan Scouts of America, The elevenyear-

Harry S. Truman at Washington, D. as counselors. Wards are the Fullerold or Candidate Scouts will not

C, as he represented Region 12 in ton, Park View, Santa Ana, Bellflower, attend Mutual but will receive scoutservices marking the fortieth anniand Huntington Beach. ing instruction at a time to be deterversary of the founding of the Boy Remaining in the Long Beach Stake mined jointly by the ward bishop on

Scouts of America. are the San Pedro, Wilmington, a weekday other than during meetings

The news wire services reported that Compton, Compton Center, North of the Primary Association. New

Elder Stanley E. Abbott of Lehi, Utah, Long Beach, and Long Beach wards plans for seventeenand eighteenyear

and Elder C. Aldon Johnson of Idaho and Garden Grove and Lynwood olds are soon to be announced by the

Falls, Idaho, missionaries in Czechobranches. Counselors to President Y. M. M. I. A.

slovakia, had disappeared under mysVirgil H. Spongberg of Long Beach

terious circumstances, January 28, Stake are Francis M. Zimmerman and From Czechoslovakia: Elders

while traveling through Moravia to Lee A Stokes. Henry M. Carlson was 20 Dale T. Tingey, Centerville,

visit Church members. All efforts to released as first counselor in the Long Utah; Richard W. Winder, Salt Lake

reach them since that date have Beach Stake presidency. In attendance City; Vernon L. Hill, Pasadena,

failed. at the stake organization were PresiCalifornia; Gail L. Saltus, Inglewood,

William E. Ryberg, member of the dent George Albert Smith, and Elders California; Robert L. Olsen, Lovell,

general Church welfare committee Stephen L Richards, Spencer W. KimWyoming; William F. Newland,

since 1936 and in charge of all general ball, and Ezra Taft Benson of the Woods Cross, Utah; Reed N. Glauser,

construction in the program, died. Council of the Twelve. This is the Salt Lake City, and J. Fabian Giroux,

178th of stake left the that counChurch. Pullman, Washington,

(i services wire that reported News President States; for Elders Bagnall, R. the Joseph try United former- "2, about February on twenty

first ly in counselor the of Denver, ColoKimball Stanley H. North Sanpete of theCzech members Church were Stake, (Utah) of succeeds Baker President Arnold rado, Charles and

in centralarrested a Moravia town D. Carlston. Golden left for Sustained as Utah, England where Provo,

for four held being before daysand counselors were their will Olsen, missions; C. and complete formerly they W.released.

second counselor, and A. J. Anderson. Elder Robert Derschon of Salt Lake

1 A Spring M. I. A. conventions beElder Stephen L Richards of the City left for reassignment in the West

**"gan with a convention for the Council of the Twelve dedicated the German Mission. Church activities

Pocatello, Portneuf, American Falls, chapel of the Wilmington Ward, Long in Czechoslovakia are being turned and West Pocatello stakes. Stressed Beach (California) Stake. over to local members.

at these spring conventions is the

I. A. announcedM. I. A. summer program. -1 \ News wire services reported that o o The Y. W. M.

11 Elders Stanley E. Abbott and C. * a new department for girls ages

1"1 memberStringamof A.the Stevens,Y. M. M.formerI. A. AldonCzech Johnsongovernmentwereforbeinghavingheldtriedby theto receivefourteen anandappropriatefifteen. Thenamegroupin willthe

general board and the Church welfare enter a prohibited zone. near future. Junior Gleaners will comcommittee, and a member of the comprise the sixteento-eighteen age group,

mittee which consolidated the Young | r A new policy for ordaining and the eighteento-twentyflve age -*- "seventies was announced. Heregroup will become Gleaners. (See pageWoman's Journal with The Improvement Era in 1929, died. after a brother will not be recom254) {Continued on page 317)

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LjreetmaS

Toumen /aeeuc (ocm/tanw FROM THE & na/iJiu to /ein me m/trommenl (jwi

AUXILIARIES OF THE CHURCH and mb mcwto -wiendb en

cemmemova:tina the 80m S&tnnmerSar-u a LJeaf lreAiclent Jmith: 7

"Y"our life has meant more to all of GEORGE ALBERT SMITH us than you can possibly know.

We have watched as you quietly, v/wefadeni of t/ie Jo/imwA (o/wiU but with great dignity, extend the hand of friendship to "all our of jM/teauw tfsamtb

Father's children."We have

watched you live a sermon every day, loving God with all your heart Our history is linked to Utah's since the driving of the and your neighbor as yourself. All Golden Spike at Promontory in 1869—when east and west

the beauties of the gospel shine were united by transcontinental railroad for the first time.

brightly through your exemplary Since we have just celebrated our eightieth anniversary of life. service to Utah, we are especially proud to join with the

If it were possible for each of us people of this great state in saluting this leading citizen on his eightieth anniversary.

to clasp your hand in reverent friendship, we are sure there would be but one message from all of us:

We love you because of the love you have for mankind;

We love you because you make the live gospel for us; Next trip west, love because you you are our We

prophet, seer, and revelator.

May we be worthy to carry our see the Pacific Coast part of the load with you, and may our kind Heavenly Father enfold you in his great love, keep you safefrom harm, your body well and typayfyAt strong, and your spirit happy and serene always.

The General Presidency of the Relief On your next trip to the Coast, plan to combine the beautiful

Society Shasta Daylight (PortlandSan Francisco) with famous California Daylights (Los Angeles -San Francisco) and see 1,188 miles of forest, mountain and

The General Superintendency of the ocean scenery. Luxurious, scenic trains at bargain coach fares.

Deseret Sunday School Union Remember that Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains via

The General SuperintendencyJ of the Ogden and Reno to San Francisco can be combined with your Daylight

Y.M.M.I.A. trip plans.

For information call or write and reservations General O. V. Gibson,

The General Presidency of the Street, Agent, Southern Pacific, Salt City 1. Lake 14 South Main Y.W.M.I.A.

The General Presidency of the Primary

Association The friendly Southern Pacific S*P

APRIL 1950 259 LoviqratvilatLoft5 to president eome Gilbert Dmitri f

On His 80th Birthday

We at ZCMI feel very close to President Smith.

It was over sixtysix years ago that he began his business career as an apprentice in the ZCMI Clothing Factory fastening buttons on overalls.

Through all the intervening years of wider service, he has always been at heart a part of ZCMI—of which he now is President.

We are proud to join a grateful community in honoring him.

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT GEORGE APRIL'S MOODS COUNTRY HEART

HIS BIRTHDAY,ALBERT SMITH ON 4, 1950 By Helen Mating By Alma Robison Higbee APRIL bright, exotic jade and and HPeakwood Jones Gabbott Mabel By of the April heart charm holds npHE * treasure surprise wonder and *- With mine, this stir of heart country never is Can soul is great, aTLTere whose man

Sunlight start showers blooms and it the held cuplike, has brimming For* * is kind heart and knows no Whose Before eyes. our measure malice;

sign. petaled Of appleblossom—April's act ChristlikeHis every a shows the then promise rainbow comes, trait, And shifting of heart need country has My prayerfilled chalice. a His every thought of arch flowered beauty An amber,

their raindrops beat Or dancing drums floor, clean, kitchen sunlight in a the his valley plan, he onHere waxed Of works roof, the like duty Upon ember, gently glowing all the hearth with open Sharing others; gospel with An

He knows the way to peace, this man That will not let a person rest. And starry gourd vines at a friendly door.

his fellow men as brothers. stir. leaves Who loves and blossoms The heart dove's a lone has heard My country April's are best and moods whims grieving

crocuses occur When as skeins as blue dyed fine of wool And RESURGENCE their hold for the petals By Ruth Louise Partridge They sun; To setdelft,the wooden loom for winter weaving fold for rain, the them They

"VOU can forget all sorrow in the Earth. While all the hours of spring have won And polished pewter for a fireplace shelf.

will distant strange lands ever and No -* for lane. magic the Green gloves, Earth your and Remove comes

beckon, to close you.

shall shrine; a foreign before I kneel Nor hole, a little watering a seed,A

its gentle heart country joys can My birth. neverending spectacle ofThe GIFTS APRIL OF THE reckon

folkAll trouble they have must human line. In bluewhite clothes upon a windy bear. H. Jane Merchant By

We have no right to put our own on theirs A PR1L has given loveliness APRIL LADY

But Earth sacred is different. Earth is made for ** Too for my soul to bear; By Beulah Huish Sadleir

this soft, caress compassionate The

And begs you, "Come and bring to me your Of green grass healing earth's despair; '"Poday I met April's lady.

tears."Swift rainbow light that flares and faints * She was bathed in gentle rain;

You can forget all sorrow in the Earth In skies enraptured unaware; She was wearing hyacinth perfume;

like the prayersBecause you know she'll do it all again. Pear blossom left no stain. of Saints It teased—yet air; listening softly Breathed on the

TEMPLE GARDENER And,My mother,blessingApril'sborn ofgiftAprilmostskies.fair, ToTo beliebe shy,sophisticationyet a little vain,

By Elizabeth S. Gunnell With blue of April in her eyes Round her neck hung a primrose lavalier

And April silver in her hair. On a dainty hairmoss chain.

(In memory of Brother Gustave Hirt, I shall entertain her gaily

Salt Lake Temple gardener, who passed And encourage a lengthy stay, proper coaching with perhapsaway suddenly on an April day. DAILY MIRACLE Then

be our queen of May. She can

shepherded each tiny plant.

Nethercott Dcon Olson ByHE care, loving tender With CALLS SPRING WHEN in gratitude flowerchildrenAnd fast hold part small SHOULD but one we everywhere. beautyShed E. Berry By Catherine all the joy surges through which V-* Of

hearts Easter of men on sacred, those hallowed walls TheWithin stars light silver candles in the Morn; When but Could a gleam we imprison breath of God;He felt the dusk,

for the which hope died Savior of Of the cares day wereForgotten bird, restless a heart's My of the cross Calvary; sod. Upon holy touched handsWhile its bars the prison against Beating wings

little of but a Could know we it for heard has rooms, Of quiet his mien, step, gentleHis all for love he had mankind; The Spring; call of April announcing winds The guile ne'er spoke that lipsHis faith utter have Could always we spills lilacs of scent The alike small greatInvited and living will things That pulse once more misted a and window; moon Outside my rest awhile. stop andTo spring breathe again, and and bloom And hills. distant the slowly Drifts up beyond

in after lying the cold When tools his he placed eventideAt to die; to languish seem that and heart They a hold dreams ever house can No place, familiarIn their faiths these simple express Could the door; Spring we knocks on When its smooth, handle trowel, shinyThe loves fondest It hopes dreams and night, in and the out venturing And go must trace. one not dirt showedOf help, those our need store for April's search By helping who Must

to of ourselves giving his work By saw Gardener MasterThe drink to those By giving whoall, thirst, FarOf magic,from thefindsleepingthe littletown,lanes that run him home fondly calledAnd those to want, food who madly Race with the wind, shake down lacy blooms And care for fragile,To all the ones, to hopeless stars the hope And loam.In dewbespangled

A faith to those who live in fear, To fashion for each tree a silver crown.

Point out the roseate rays of dawn night: see PIPER those but darkest SPRING who To IMMORTAL LOVES path, OUR a smoother would walk Then man Armour Anobel By surely selfishness change would By Ormonde Butler And

like flash swiftly a lightning Not April bluewinged a saw skies reecho Day! The of in the twinkling an eye Nor land, I across Fly up my

Still of the angels'praise songs—'"P aster come: be in itself But change would wall stone the Just beyond

rising the Christ's of wonder At miracle. refreshing sweet, A trees stand. peach the Where death's holding; stays so he From

Pink petals and the bluebird Could these slow miracles take place All its power from man's being,

Sort of sang together, To ease the heat of human pain, If we kneel to. him in prayer:

Piping me into springtime Though Jesus died and Mary wept. While our dear ones stand beside him

Down the pale green weather! She did not shed her tears in vain. And can see us, kneeling there.

APRIL 1950, 261 would be a friend to the friendless and find joy in ministering to the needs of the poor.

I would visit the sick and afflicted and inspire in them a desire for faith to be healed.

-K

I would teach the truth to the understanding and blessing of all mankind.

I would seek out the erring one and try to win him back to a righteous and a happy life.

-X

I would not seek to force people to live up to my ideals but rather love them into doing the thing that is right.

-K

I would live with the masses and help to solve their problems that their earth life may be happy.

-X

I would avoid the publicity of high positions and discourage the flattery of thoughtless friends.

PHOTO FROM A FULLCOLOR PORTRAIT PAINTING

BY LEE GREENE RICHARDS *

I would not knowingly wound the feeling of any, not even one who may have wronged me, but would seek to do him good and make him my friend.

to selfishness the tendency overcome Albert I would of all in the successes and jealousy and rejoice the children of my Heavenly Father.

I would not be an enemy to any living soul.

President Smith wrote this creed about thirtyfive first years ago. for the printed time It was ofhas of that mankind the Redeemer R nowing in 1932. Improvement (See Era The in March fully that will plan fered to the only the world editorial, page 264)

develop us and make us really happy here and hereafter, I feel it not only a duty but also a blessed privilege to disseminate this truth.

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v\-7-?\J-;

i5if [-resident Ljeorae Atlbert Jmltk

all are towards. enmity and women All men 4, I ago, on April was born years ighty E

I children, sought have and the street from my Father's across west in a humble home

Temple Square. There was snow on the during my life to observe the wise direction

ground in April that year. My parents were of the Redeemer of mankind—to love my

living in very humble circumstances, but I neighbor as myself.

praise my Maker and thank him with all my I am grateful to my Heavenly Father that heart for sending me into their home. I was born in this land of the free, in this

I grew up in Salt Lake City. When eight great nation, in this valley, among the people

years of age, I was baptized in City Creek. who have dwelt here.

I was confirmed a member of the Church in I am grateful for the preservation of my fast meeting in the Seventeenth Ward, and life. Several times when I have been appar-

I learned when I was a boy that this is the ently ready to go to the other side, I have work of the Lord. I learned that there were been kept here for some other work to be

prophets living upon the earth, I learned done. When I think of what a weak, frail,

that the inspiration of the Almighty would individual I am, to be called to be the leader influence those who lived to enjoy it. of this great Church, I realize how much I

Many things have happened since then. need help. Gratefully I acknowledge the

I wish I could give you a picture of what help of my Father in heaven, and the enhas passed before my eyes and through my couragement and companionship during my mind since I began life here on earth. life of many of the best men and women that

I don't know of any man in all the world can be found anywhere in the world, both who has more reason to be grateful than I. at home and abroad.

I am thankful for my birthright, thankful Surely it is a blessed thing to be associated for parents who taught me the gospel of with such people, and from the depths of my

Jesus Christ and set the example in their soul I take this occasion to thank you all for home. If I have done anything that I should your kindness to me, and also I take this

not have done in my life, it would be someoccasion to say to all of you: You will never

thing that I could not have learned in my know how much I love you. I have not

mother's home. With a large family of words to express it. And I want to feel

children, it took a mother with a good deal of that way toward every son and every daughpatience, but she was always patient with us. ter of my Heavenly Father.

There were sweetness and kindness and love I have lived a long time, as compared with there always. the average of human beings, and I have had

In these eighty years, I have traveled more a happy life. It will not be many years, in

than a million miles in the world in the inthe natural course of events, till the summons terest of the gospel of Jesus Christ. I have to the other side will reach me. I look forbeen in many climes and in many lands and ward to that time with pleasant anticipation.

in many nations, and from my childhood And after eighty years in mortality, traveling people have been kind and helpful to me, in many parts of the world, associating with members of the Church and nonmembers many great and good men and women I as well. Wherever I have gone, I have found witness to you, that I know today better

noble men and women. than I ever knew before that God lives; \

I do not have an enemy that I know of, and that Jesus is the Christ; that Joseph Smith

there is no one in the world that I have any (Concluded on following pagp)

APRIL 1950 s"*?"

itrOrOni'-tOr'&G$. THE EDITORS PAGE *&*<&**.

(Concluded from preceding page) will continue to guide us and help Church of Jesus Christ of Latterwas a prophet of the Living God; us, and inspire us and bless us, day Saints.

and that the Church that he which he will if we are righteous. It I pray that his peace and his love

organized under the direction of is not so important how much money will abide with us forever, and our Heavenly Father, the Church we may have, how much property that we may be the means under his ofSaints—theJesus ChristChurch thatof wasLatterdaydriven wethe mayhonorspossess,of menandwe howmay manyreceive,of hisguidancechildrenof to bringingan understandingmillions ofof into the wilderness—is operating and all these things that seem so his truths. I pray that we may all under the power and authority of desirable in the world—the thing so adjust ourselves as we pass

the same priesthood that was conthat God has given to us that through life's experiences that we ferred by Peter, James, and John is worth more than all the rest is can feel that we hold our Father's upon Joseph Smith and Oliver the opportunity to enjoy eternal hand.

Cowdery. I know this, as I know life in the celestial kingdom and to

that I live, and I realize that to bear have as our companions, throughout God bless you, my brethren and this testimony to you is a very serithe ages of eternity, our husbands sisters. Do not make any mistake

ous matter and that I shall be held and wives, sons and daughters, and in these days of uncertainty. This

accountable by my Heavenly Father other loved ones with whom we is God's work. This is his Church.

for this and all other things that I have associated here on earth. It is the way that our Heavenly

have taught in his name. RealizThat is what the Lord teaches us, Father has provided to prepare us

ing this and knowing that if I were and when the world is so distressed for eternal happiness. I pray that

to mislead you that I would be held and uncertain, we ought to be gratewhen the time comes for us to go accountable for it, with love and ful, we ought to be thankful for our hence we shall be entitled to a place kindness in my heart for all, I bear blessings. I can think of no people in the celestial kingdom in the comthis witness in the name of Jesus in the world who have so much panionship of our loved ones and

Christ our Lord. reason to be thankful for their blessof the best people who have lived

I pray that our Heavenly Father ings as we who are members of the upon the earth.

...'-'V-t''--'- vv

For a lifetime he has gone out of his way to "share with others,"as he likes to put it, the truth and the blessings vouchsafed him. The

downcast in their work, the poor in spirit or substance have found joy in the unexpected visits of encouragement and helpfulness of LOVE YOUR NEIGHBOR George Albert Smith. His creed

to the be a friend states: / would

in ministerjoy AS YOURSELF friendless and find ing to the needs of the poor. I

**1AM my brother's keeper"touches here upon one of the world's andwouldinspirevisit thein themsick anda desireafflictedfor could well be said to be the first needs—to look upon all men as faith to be healed. There can be

motivating doctrine in the life of one family, children of God. no higher motive than this in

of President George Albert Smith. President George Albert Smith is human relations.

From his youth it has guided his a kindly man. It is good to be in Fairness has characterized all his.

actions. It stands out today as the his presence. His kindliness perdealings. He forgets himself in the

central thought in his administration sists whether the visitor is friend welfare of others, especially in the of Church affairs. As the expounder or foe. His own creed declares: / welfare of the cause of the Lord,

his brother to love the of command not knowingly would wound wants the truth the He all men to accept will he himself go down as not in the feeling even one who of any, as he understands it, but only latterday the Lord's of history but me, have would wronged may people. seek to do him good and make him through conversion: Knowing that

This fixed purpose of President my friend. I would not be an enemy the Redeemer of mankind has ofSmith has manifest itself, as it does to any living soul. Such a philosophy fered to the world the only plan that

today, in a loving consideration of of kindliness is the beginning of will fully develop us and make us all humanity. He says in his creed, social wisdom. It is the key to the really happy here and hereafter, I

/ would live with the masses and peace for which the common man feel it not only a duty but also a help solve their problems, that their everywhere hungers, hopes, and blessed privilege to disseminate this earth life may be happy. He prays. truth.... I would teach the truth to

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the understanding and blessing of all and jealousy and rejoice in the suctried and tries to love his neighmankind.... / would not seek to cess of all the children of my bor as himself. That is the marrow

force people to live up to my ideals Heavenly Father. of his message to all the world. It

but rather love them into doing the Since he has long occupied a has controlled the many enterthing that is right. How mankind, high position, he has learned to prises which he has so successfully

sufferers from the earth's constant know dangers to avoid. Theredirected.

warfare, could wipe their eyes and fore he adds: / would avoid the pubHe has chosen to walk in the

look up with gladness, did such a licity of high positions and dispath laid out for all men by Jesus doctrine cover the earth! courage the flattery of thoughtless Christ, the Lord.

In all his work President Smith friends. If all who are prominent

life ofhas recognized the need of personal in the world's eyes would heed May the Lord extend the control of self in the pursuit of this sentence in President Smith's President George Albert Smith and wealth, fame, or power. Without code, we should have a happier keep him in good health is the afself-control man cannot live up to world. fectionate wish of The Improvehigh ideals. So he says, / would Our prophet and leader stands ment Era upon the eightieth anni-

A. W.overcome the tendency to selfishness before us as one who earnestlv has versary of his birth.—/.

Jke CeemenmaII Unwersiby ThebratedUniversityon Februaryof Utah28, 1950,celeofthe assuranceschool. thatThereuponwasthea foundafeeling degreesbetter couldofferedhaveby universities,been chosennoneto

the centennial of its founding. tion laid a hundred years ago, the reflect the human service that PresiIt was a notable event. A careinstitution would continue its growth dent Smith has given to his generafully prepared, instructive, and inof service to the state and its

spiring program filled the day. people. tion.We congratulate President A.

Hundreds of delegates from educaAt the morning convocation, the Ray Olpin, and Dean O. Meredith

tional institutions were present. honorary degree of Doctor of HuWilson, chairman of the centennial

There prevailed a spirit of gratitude manites was fittingly conferred upon festivities, upon this historical, enfor the vision, the truthloving President George Albert Smith, the joyable occasion.

courageous pioneers, not twelve living successor of Governor BrigLong life, filled with success and thousand strong, two and onehalf ham Young who signed the legislaservice, to the University of Utah!

years after their arrival in the Salt tive act that brought the University May it ever be true to its pioneer

A. W.Lake Valley, who dared to found of Utah into being. Of the many heritage!—J.

SENIOR

EDITOR

President George Albert Smith's Grant Cannon, Clarissa A. Beesley, to so many people through the

name appears eminently among Elsie T. Brandley, and Rachel G. years. I have always felt that the

those whose earnest efforts Taylor brought about the combinaEra should be in every Latterday have been responsible for the tion of The Improvement Era and Saint home for the benefit and blessprogress of The Improvement the Young Woman's Journal in ing it will bring."

Era. 1929, which marked the beginning On President Smith's approachHis name must be linked with of the present enlarged format and ing eightieth birthday anniversary,

that of President Heber J. Grant, colorful covers and other editorial his associates of the Era and its

the Era's founder and first business features. readers from the far ends of the

manager, for long and unselfish Since 1945 President Smith has earth desire to return a measure of service. As general superintendent served as senior editor of the Era. his affection and encouragement,

of the Young Men's Mutual ImHis interest in it is ever active. He with earnest thanks for what he has

provement Association from Sepis constantly encouraging the Era done for the magazine and, through it 1935, "the best staff to make Church 1921 to Januarytember The in the of magazine one world,"he is his contributions to it, for the youth and Era wasImprovement

President Smith's major responsiever urging the Era on to wider of the Church, and for the priestbilities. And it was under his circulation and greater service. hood, and for all the Church.

M.I. A. administration that a joint President Smith has written: "I May God bless the Era's senior

committee composed of George Q. can see still further progress and a editor with health and happiness

Morris, Stringam A. Stevens, John greater mission for this splendid and with every other needed

D. Giles, Ruth May Fox, Lucy magazine that has meant so much blessing. R.L.E.

APRIL 1950 265 THE TWO GREAT COMMANDMENTS

all thy thy heart, with Lord and God to write asked somebeen Ihave all all soul, with thy with thy mind. and President George thing about President

first is great the This and commandAlbert Smith as a teacher of ment.

the gospel. George And the second is like unto it, Thou

as thyself. love neighbour thy difficult to write anybe It would Albert shalt

these hang all commandments two On that Smith Presidentthing about did not center in his work as a proSmith the22:3640.)law and the prophets. (Matthew

claimer of the restored gospel of the Christ. From his first breath as a teacher His teaching has followed this

he lived in an atmosphere radiant of the Gospel text.

with the divine truths of the true His has been always a gospel of plan of life here, and of salvation love. He has never let his voice

and exaltation in the life to come. stray from urging patience, charity,

the great nurtured onHe was were (Ou j-resident forbearance, forgiveness, tolerance. declared thatprinciples Jesus

the bread of life. As a youth he He has urged upon the people

straight the along onlywalked and s7. f\eitben Ltaw, sjp thetan. doctrineThe priestof theandGoodthe SamariLevite marked been that had pathnarrow

the and plundered wounded passed the modern old the andout by the Samarihelp. But without man his along whichprophets, the knee, counand his mother's at own hood the despised tan, hated by and trod. had grandparentsparents and through he admonitions had sel and inthe Israelites, succored priestly

he the gospel; only expewidely from his lived hisHe knew youth jured man and saved his life. of the Holy the guidance underonly thus that he father. All rienced

Priesthood of God. When he came received was bound together by the President Smith invokes the great

to manhood, it was as natural to rules and regulations of the Church truths of the Sermon on the Mount:

him to follow the only teachings he and the principles of the restored Love your enemies, bless them that ever knew, as it was that he should gospel. This full measure was added curse you, do good to them that hate you,

breathe and eat and sleep. to by the instructions and knowland pray for them which despitefully use

As soon as he was old enough to edge he gained from Sunday you, and persecute you. {Ibid., 5:44.)

become a deacon, he embarked upon School, Mutual, and priesthood the service of the Lord. From then quorum. His life and service have brought

blessnone, and fromtill his never changed has now he to the be maledictions cause Lord does So all from know who ings and prayers advanced step hecourse. Step by for fitted for tasks them the he has

in the priesthood. He never faltered to perform, those whom he calls him.

up and have built stumbled.nor His teachings old, of his to lead people—Moses to and hope encouragement so soon as the necessary brought Again, BrigBrother the Prophet, Joseph

maturity came to him, he entered ham, and those who followed on, thousands who have heard his voice;

the missionary field. He has been each specially trained for the they have bred faith and testimony

a missionary ever since. Here, also, particular work he was to do. to untold numbers who, slipping to

after wandering, have, wayside,he went forward in the normal So with this background it was the lives of to the path backorder. found

as sure as the sun rises that Presipeace office, forward happiness In he went and Church peace—the his energy, dent Smith spend would the if career: promised in the Sunas a regular Lord which it were

his life, in to others giving indeed day School, stake Mutuals, then the upper chamber on the night before the priceless treasures of truth heApostleship, President of the Quothe Crucifixion, when he said unto the himself had garnered—"sharing

his disciples and to all coming afterrum of the Twelve, and finally, the with gospel others,"as he delights

Presiding High Priest, the Presiwho keep his commandments: to express it.

dent of the Church.

I dili- I give the peace you, years All through with leave has he Peace my servof this long period Through

I giveth, give the world as you: unto not the great taught gently two comturned flinched norice he never heart be not your Let you. unto the announced Lord by those followedaside nor who mandments it let afraid. (John be neither troubled,

strayed away. He traveled the same on his last day in the temple before 14:27.)

road along which the Church the crucifixion when, to the temptleaders moved. ing lawyer asking, May the Lord spare President

From the beginning of his service Master, which is the great commandSmith yet many years to come to till now he has carefully nurtured ment in the law? bring comfort and the Lord's peace

the teachings he had in his childJesus -said unto him, Thou shalt love the to the souls of men.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vDirtkaau (ureetlna to AN EXEMPLAR & JUl jyeildent Ljeorqe ribert J-)mith

By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

members of the Church and Keeping Unsullied an Honored at me very earnestly and said: 'I

thousands of other As like what you have to know admiring Name would

L friends express congratulations name.'done with my

and good wishes to President Every normal person born into "Everything I had ever done

George Albert Smith on his eightieth this world brings with him a mighty passed before me as though it were birthday, there will be awakened in responsibility—his ancestral lineage. a flying picture on a screen—everytheir minds, as jewels in a diadem, If that lineage was noble when he thing I had done. Quickly this

the many virtues that contribute to received it, his responsibility is to vivid retrospect came down to the his noble character. From these I keep it noble and pass it on to the very time I was standing there. My

will mention only two—Love and next generation unsullied. If the whole life had passed before me. Trust—as I pay a brief tribute to lineage possesses weakness, it is I smiled and looked at my grandhim with whose close acquaintance the responsibility of the inheritor to father and said: 'I have never done

and association I have been honored strengthen and pass to his descendanything with your name of which for over half a century. To virtues ants a higher and better standard. you need be ashamed.'

that contribute to success in life, One of the most impressive of Paul's "He stepped forward and took these two are what the diamond appeals to Timothy was "keep the me in his arms, and as he did so, I and the pearl are to other precious trust committed to thy care."( See became conscious again of my earthgems. Timothy 6:20.) Daniel Webster ly surroundings. My pillow was as

was once asked what was the greatwet as though water had been est thought that had ever occupied poured on it—wet with tears of

Love for Fellow Men his mind, and he answered: gratitude that I could answer unashamed.

of consciousness us pain The duty—to Jesus was this When thought asked to name "I have of many

if it is forever violated, us to console and the greatest of I tell all commandments, times, and I want to you that far as to perso given us grace has God he answered: form it. have been trying, more than ever,

since that time, to take care of that to the trust committed In keeping to the name. I want say to So

.. shalt love the. Thou thy Lord ancestry, in holding God him by a noble girls, to the and boys young all men with thy heart, with and all thy soul,

and with all thy mind. high the standards of an inspired and women, to the youth of the

This is the first and great commandment. parentage, President Smith has set Church and of all the world: Honor

And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt an example worthy of imitation by your fathers and mothers. Honor

love thy neighbour as thyself. young men and young women not the names that you bear, because

On these two commandments hang all only in the Church, but throughout some day you will have the privilege the law and the prophets. (Matt. 22:3740.) the world. and the obligation of reporting to

Undoubtedly, one of the happiest them (and to your Father in

This truth President Smith has experiences of his life came to him heaven ) what you have done with in a vision, when, or dream he met their name."exemplified his throughout life. As

his lygrandfather, departed while the of of one's Love Lord anda true representative of his he his ing at St. sickbed upon George, in fellow thoughtful, expressed menhas about gone doing good—adLord life his of, being despaired inviolate a deeds, he kindly trust kept

ministering to the sick, comforting seemed to find himself on the other by living a clean, upright life the bereaved, kindly admonishing side of the veil standing on the these are godlike virtues contributthe wayward, visiting the fatherless shore of a beautiful lake with a ing to a nobility of soul and are and the widow, pointing the light forest in front of him. "I rememoutstanding traits of our beloved

of the gospel to those hitherto blind ber,"he said when relating the President's character.

to its glories—winning gratitude experience, "how happy I was to Dear President: Eighty years

from those who had thought themsee Grandfather coming down a true to self—most of those years

selves dealt with unjustly, and gainpath through the forest to meet me. spent in service to your fellow men,

ing merited favor from men in high I had been given his name, and had and therefore in loving service of places. always been proud of it. the Christ whose authorized servant

Grandfather came within "When to extend you are—-we you affecfeet Truly, in deeds of love and kind- a few of me, he stopped. His tionate greetings congratulaand

ly service, he stands out as one who stopping was an invitation for me tions! Joy and peace attend you on

loves his fellow men; consequently, to stop. Then—and this I would your natal day, and God's choicest

"his name leads all the rest"as one like the boys, and girls and young blessings be yours on each of many who loves the Lord. people never to forget—he looked yet to come!

APRIL 1950 267 fr... the glory of children are

their fathers"—Proverbs, 17:6.

BORN OF chosen to stand at the head

Oneof the Church of Jesus Christ in these latter days must asstore for thee a mighty work to suredly have been one of the "noble perform for thy kindred and and great"spirits in the premortal friends."These are sentences from

life, ordained to a special ministry. his patriarchal blessing, given him at

For such a faithful spirit the Father eleven years of age.

a speprovide undoubtedlywould his fathers, his of The line birth. to give himcial lineage

will line, complete, patriarchal when the ourselves with To acquaint to trace back directly undoubtedly life stoand and charactersnames in Egypt. of Joseph Ephraim, son

ries of who and women the men it makes of Mormon Book The his physical to President Smithgave Prophet that the and his clear inheritance is to become convinced father, Joseph Smith, Sr., were dithat this was the case. A study of rect descendants of Joseph of

his ancestry as recorded on 102 old. President Smith's greatgrand-

pedigree charts containing names of father, Patriarch John Smith, was920 of his forefathers—the result a brother to Joseph Smith, Sr., hence

ofalogists—revealsresearch by a numberinterestingof genefacts ofof thesethe verytwo samebrothers,line.Asael*The Smith,father

his fathers caliber of to theas and in the Revolution a soldier and was

I past. of themothers soldier, patriot of son a another

\ art enof Ephraiml and "Thou Asael, Smith. Captain Samuel Of

alltitled to promised blessing? the \ in his journal: the wrote Prophet

to his children. The Lord hath in

My grandfather, Asael Smith, long ago predicted that there would be a prophet raised up in his family, and my grand-

'Sometimes spelled Asahel

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Pedigree charts for Hventytwo generafather was fully satisfied that it was fultions go back to one Saier infilledEastin Stockholm,me. My grandfatherSt. LawrenceAsaelcounty,died

de Quincy, Earl of WinNew York, after having received the Book chester, a crusader on his of Mormon,... and he declared that I was

way to Jerusalem. wouldthe verycomeProphetin histhatfamily.he had{Documentarylong known

History of the Church, 11:443.)

Counting Asael as a virtual convert, there have been five generations of Church members in direct

Smith, Presiding descent—John

Patriarch to the Church and the first president of the Salt Lake

Stake; George Albert Smith, Apostle and member of the First Presidency; John Henry Smith, Apostle

and member of the First Presidency;

and George Albert Smith, Apostle and now President of the Church.

Robert Smith, first American ancestor on this patriarchal line, came in 1638, as a boy apprentice of twelve, and stands today at the head of a very numerous posterity.

It is now possible to print, for the *:<;....:i first time, his date and place of

OODLY ARENTS

Mullins, her parents William and

Alice Mullins, and Richard Warren. JOHN HENRY SMITH SARAH FARR SMITH

When the poet, Henry W. LongArrcnibata J. (/Dennett fellow, wrote the charming story of

line, of conone on the Marbury fifth greatgrandparents, own SOCIETY his SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL their antiquity, siderable common Priscilla, he was and Alden John OF THE CHURCH being William Marbury. progenitor for their preserving and fame name

their eighth greatgrandson, PresiThe latter was father of a daughter christening. He was baptized in the dent Smith, whose pioneer greatCatherine (ancestress of President

) and a son, Reverend Francisparish church of Kirton, Lincolngrandfather, Ezra Chase, was fifth Smith shire, England, 30 April 1626, the cousin to the poet. Marbury, whose daughter Anne

son of another Robert Smith. This Sarah Farr, mother of President married William Hutchinson, and Hutchinthe famous Anne became there christenedearlier Robert was her through Smith, descended was eximprisoned, son was who in turn father 1595. His4 March Farr, father, grandher Lorin and for banished and communicated, at Kirton, christened Edward,was Farr, father, staunch from Winslow beliefs. religious her of expression con1571. Research September,30 of Roger MassaGovernor Conant

exile, in she Later, and a widow this family, aided bytinues now on Farr's Lorin chusetts Colony. Bay entire her family were almost registers. parish copies ofmicrofilm Olive mother, Freeman, Hovey Indians. cruelly Only murdered by foreSmith's President of Eleven of incurable healed miraculously an the daughter, Susanna, escaped one to plains the Utah: crossedfathers of the administration under malady to of progenitor massacre, become grandparents, father, fourhis own Pratt, seventh a cousin was Orson Pratt. P. Parley Orson andsix greatgrandparents. was He to Their Oliver Cowdery. common our William Through Ward revolutionary representedwell by line traces of across ancestry back

is in related cousinship President fight for freedom.sires in that Upfor charts pedigree seven twentyWillard with Young, Brigham his of of two hundredwards to generations Saier de one two Richards, Franklin Richards, D. as the immioceanforebears crossed of Earl Winchester, Quincy, who F. Richards, Erastus Snow, George

fche promise. of to landgrants 1219, crusader 3 a died November F. Richards, and Stephen Joseph L five Mayflower were themAmong his to Jerusalem. on was way He Curtis Merrill. Zaccheus Through riiscma Alden, the twentyfive of barons one madepassengers—join! is to pioneer, the cousin seventh he

sureties to the Magna Carta to see Ezra Taft Benson. Joseph Loomis,

that King John kept his pledge to colonist to America, is a common his people, and one of the seventeen forefather to the Prophet's mother, of these sureties who left deto President Lorenzo Snow, and to scendants. Nor does the pedigree President George Albert Smith.

end there. It continues on to earls

and dukes, and kings of England, If family trees can be judged by

Scotland, France, Italy, Sweden, their fruits, and it is a true principle, and elsewhere; even back to the President Smith comes of goodly

mighty Charlemagne, and thence as stock. His lineage leads back to

far as pedigrees can be traced with those who stood in the forefront in certainty. every contest for right and freedom

through the centuries.

President Smith shares his lineage with many other Church leaders. He Plutarch said, "It is indeed a deryoBERT Smith, first is related to President Heber C. sirable thing to be well descended,

American ancestor on Kimball, for both are descended but the glory belongs to our anthis patriarchal line, came from the Kimball family. He is cestors."President Smith has al-

a high taught appreciation of ways in 1638 apprenas a boy Pratt also a by blood—Clarissa forefathers, that our can and we tice stands his wife greatgrandmother, and Lyman, of twelve, best them, not in an honor empty

today at the head of a of John, Smith, is offspring of Lt. pride of ancestry, but by drawing

very numerous posterity. William Pratt, emigrant ancestor of from their lives inspiration to deParley P. and Orson Pratt, being voted service and righteous living.

their fifth cousin. His father's He is grateful for the blessings of

mother, Sarah Ann Libby, was his birthright, and his life has been Oc eighth cousin to the Pratt brothers worthy of his noble heritage.

APRIL 1950 269 extended more than forty years, I have learned that wherever he is, he is first and foremost a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

President Smith's first mission was undertaken in the fall of 1891 when he was twentyone years of age. He was called by President

Wilford Woodruff to labor among the young people in the stakes of

George Albert Smith and Emily Woodruff Smith while on a mission in the Southern States

HARINO rOSPEL President Smith and Elder Rufus K. Hardy in

Samoa in 7938

PRESIDENT George Albert Smith is Juab, Millard, Beaver, and Parolater he was called to the mission a natural missionary. From wan in the interest of the Young office and made secretary of the

his youth he has had an ardent Men's Mutual Improvement AssoSouthern States Mission. His wife

desire to share the teachings of the ciations. He enjoyed this work. He now joined him, and together they

gospel with his fellow men, to make and his companion, William B. served as missionaries until June

known to "the sons and daughters Dougall, Jr., held meetings in the 1894, when they were released to

of God,"all of whom he considers various towns, organized Mutual return home. It was on this mission

to be his brothers and sisters, the Improvement Associations, and enthat he developed his gift for pubtruths that were revealed to the COUraged the young people to live lic speaking, in which he no doubt

Prophet Joseph Smith in accordance with the principles became interested because his disOn several occasions I have had of their religion. After laboring tinguished father, John Henry

the privilege of traveling on the strenuously for a period of four Smith, was well known throughout train with President Smith. Each months, the two elders were rethe western country for his exceltime I observed that as soon as the leased to return to their homes. lent oratory.

journey was well underway, he The following year, 1892, PresiNine years after President Smith's would take a few gospel tracts from dent Smith was called on a mission return from the Southern States his bag, put them into his pocket, to the Southern States. Before Mission, during which time he

and then move about among the leaving Salt Lake City he was marserved as superintendent of the passengers. In his friendly, agreeried, on May 25, to his childhood Seventeenth Ward Sunday School

able manner he would soon make sweetheart, Lucy Emily Woodruff. and as superintendent of the Y.M.

the acquaintance of a fellow He departed one month later for M.I.A. of Salt Lake Stake, he was

traveler, and in a short time I would Chattanooga, Tennessee, and on his selected to fill a vacancy in the hear him relating the story of the arriva i was assigned to the Middle Quorum of the Twelve and was founding of the Church by the Tennessee district. Four months sustained in this important position

Prophet Joseph Smith"or telling of the exodus of the Saints from Nauvoo and their trials and difficulties in crossing the plains to Utah or explamingscoegoipel jMSWMK, pies to his newfound friend. Con- -iSj

versation after conversation would follow with one passenger afte another until the journey w ended. In my entire acquaintance

with President "Smith, which has

[aking the acquaintance of a fellow traveler, he would soon be relating the story of the founding of the Church, the exodus of the Saints front Nauvoo, and their* trails and

Utah.... z-*1 '

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Star under date of June 30, 1921, he expressed his true feelings regarding the necessity of missionary work.

We must not forget, Latterday Saints, that we have been made partakers of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and the responsibility is on us to share our blessings with our fellow creatures. We have been

warned and should continue to warn our neighbors. The Lord has spoken in our

day and organized his Church. He has

conferred divine authority on men, and his allpowerful arm is making bare to prepare the way for his second coming.

Knowing this, we must not weary in well doing. Time is passing rapidly; our opportunity will soon be gone. If we are

successful in bringing some of the children of our Heavenly Father into fellowship with him, the hours we spend and the trials we encounter in doing so will be pleasant memories of service to mankind. President with his family, Smith Sister Smith,

Jr., Albert,WlA OTHERS George Edith, and was he when

president of the European Mission in 1920, This is the spirit that has aniof Angus J. Cannon, president the SwissGerman

President Smith from his Mission at left. mated i5u [-re5ton iDie9 time. the present youth until

Perhaps the most interesting of all the missionary travels performed by President Smith during his strenuous and busy life was his tour of the missions of the South Pacific in 1938. In January of that year

he sailed for Honolulu, and there he met his traveling companion, Elder

Rufus K. Hardy. On February

7 they sailed together for Australia. On their arrival at Sidney

they met the President of the mission, Dr. Thomas D. Rees, and with

(Continued on page 311) The President addressing a gathering of Mexican Saints

MT. EGMONT IN NEW ZEALAND

by the vast congregation present at come in."In the meantime he had

the October conference in 1903. visited the branches of the Church

In the spring of 1919, shortly in Ireland, Scotland, France, and after World War I, President Switzerland.

Smith was requested by the First In February 1920, President

Presidency to go to England and Smith delivered a very enlightening take charge of the European Misaddress on the subject of the sion of the Church. With his wife Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand two of their children he deday Saints before the members

parted in June and arrived at Liverof the Rotary Club of Glasgow, pool in the latter part of the same Scotland. In the summer and

month. England, at that time, was fall of the same year he made

recovering from the devastation of a tour of Norway, Denmark, the war, and as food was scarce, Sweden, and Germany, and held it was difficult for the American meetings with Saints and investielders to obtain permission to enter gators. As missionaries began to

the country. arrive in England, the work was

President Smith went to work on again firmly established in that this problem with his characteristic land. At the end of two years'

energy, and after eleven months of service in Europe, President Smith almost continuous labor, during was released in June 1921 and which time he called on many govreturned to his home in Salt Lake ernment officials, he was able to City.

record in his journal, May 31, 1920, In a farewell message to the "Today I received word that our Latterday Saints of the British missionaries would be allowed to Isles, published in the Millennial

APRIL 1950 271

!.;:"-; V::::::V:t -

Idaho Falls Temple the Church of Jesus Christ of dedicated September 23, Latterday Saints changed. In 1944

7945 there had been fiftyone guides on the Square; today, during the most

active season, there are approxiof the George Albert mately one hundred guides, each

Smith. leaving his or her appointed work

The number of fulltime missionfor several hours each week to dearies of the Chufch had dropped vote time in this service to the

Church.

Missionary work at home has made strides also, in what someone has aptly called a "neighborto- neighbor"plan. Witness the following comparisons of stake missionary activity as reported to the

office of the First Council of the

Seventy:

Twentytwo L. D. S.

photographers are at work in the United States and Europe microfilming records.

men of MANAGING EDITOR A Period

r.

RESEARCH EDITOR during the war to a few hundred. 1944 1Q49

At the close of hostilities later that Stake missions

Throughout the Church on May summer, worldwide missionary organized 147 174 21, 1 945, as the oldest Apostle in activity was begun again. In the Average monthly

point of service, George Albert past five years the number of fullnumber of stake misSmith, was being sustained as the time missionaries has risen to an allsionaries laboring 2947 3857 eighth President of the Church of time high of over five thousand. Hours spent by

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, New missions have been organized: missionaries 362,730 563,975

along with his tried and true counCentral Atlantic and Great Lakes in Standard Works selors, President J. Reuben Clark, the United States; Finnish in EuDistributed 13,942 14,069

Jr., and President David O. McKay, rope; Chinese and Japanese in Asia; Tracts Distributed 194,645 253,220

members of the Church were looking Uruguay in South America. The Baptisms 2327 2797

forward to a new day of progress. missions of Europe have been reInactive members

The war t was drawing to a close. activated, and literally hundreds of becoming active 2678 3283

One hundred thousand L. D. S. faithful European Saints upon

service men and women would soon whose shoulders rested the responCarrying the gospel to the be home to add their strength to sibility of Church mission leaderLamanites has been one of the their family circles, communities, ship during their dark war years cherished activities of the Church and Church. Many of them had have availed themselves of the opsince the time of the Prophet Joseph

expressed a desire to go on missions portunity to gather to Zion and Smith. During President George

or to provide the means for a establish themselves. Albert Smith's time the work among

younger brother or sister to go. (No During 1944 (the year before the American Indians has come to

one has ever calculated the good President Smith was sustained the fore, both in the fulltime misthat they did for the Church as some 397,110 tourists visited Temsions of the Church and among unofficial ambassadors and missionple Square. Then, with the end of those tribes living near organized

aries in khaki and blue. ) Yes, the the war, many people took their stakes of Zion. During the past

war was drawing to a close, and first vacation in years, and each several years many stakes have missionaries would soon be going succeeding year has brought more joined in creating interstake misinto many parts of the world from tourists. In 1949 the number of sions to the Indians. One of these

which they had i been recalled in people who came to the Crossroads missions is the Fort Hall Indian the fall of 1939. But one of the of the West to learn of the Church Mission in Idaho, and the other is

greatest friendmakers and missionand its activities were 1,047,154. the Uintah Basin Indian Mission.

aries that this Church has ever had Many of these left Salt Lake City The Church has grown: from

became that day the new President with their preconceived ideas about 1273 wards and branches in the 272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stakes to 1492 wards and branches gun anew, the library had 3340 have been named for the Young in the stakes; from 149 stakes when microfilm records cataloged. That Men's Mutual Improvement AsPresident Smith took office to 179 total has grown until on February sociation; and the superintendency

stakes [new stakes are scattered 21, 1950, 24,579 microfilm records of the Deseret Sunday School from the Pacific northwest (Spokhad been cataloged. Approximately Union has been reorganized.

ane) to Florida; from the east coast ten thousand records are in the The Church welfare program toof the United States (South Carolibrary at Salt Lake City in various day is stronger than ever before.

lina ) to the west coast ( Palo Alto, phases of being cataloged, and adLate in 1945 President Smith himBerkeley, San Joaquin, Glendale, ditional thousands (three thousand self headed a group which went to

East Long Beach, East Los Anrecords in Norway alone) are Washington, D. C, to arrange for

geles]; and it was during President awaiting transit to Salt Lake City. the sending of Church welfare supSmith's administration, on April 6, A total of twentytwo L.D.S. plies to the needy Saints in Europe.

1948, that announcement was made photographers are at work in the One hundred thirtythree carloads in general conference of a Church United States, Finland, Sweden, of food, bedding, and clothing, in membership of over one million Norway, Denmark, Germany, Holaddition to thousands of individual souls. land, Switzerland, and the British elevenpound packages have gone

President Smith's administration Isles, copying records. Each photogto Church members living in the

has been marked by a period of rapher averages about five thousand far places of the world since pages of microfilming daily. these arrangements were made. Atchapel construction. Approximately

In addition, many of our own home, too, Church welfare has priceless records at the Church quietly assisted the aged and the inhistorian's office are being recorded firm and has aided Church members and preserved on microfilm. living in disaster areas and those

During President Smith's admintemporarily caught by unsettled inistration, a new presidency and gendustrial conditions.

eral board have been appointed to Yes, it has been a good period, a head the Young Women's Mutual period of progress, during which

Improvement Association; a new President George Albert Smith has ROGRESS superintendency and general board been presiding over the Church.

two hundred houses of worship have been completed since May 1945.

Church operated hospitals, too, have been increased, and facilities added to existing units. New

hospitals are located at Fillmore,

Logan, Panguitch, Roosevelt, and

Mt. Pleasant, Utah. A new building long planned for the Primary

Children's Hospital in Salt Lake

City is under construction.

After extensive remodeling which has now been completed, permitting the Presiding Bishop's office to move into the two top floors of the

Church Administration building, all the offices of the General Authorities of the Church are at 47 East

South Temple Street.

On September 23, 1945, President Smith dedicated the newly completed Idaho Falls Temple, and soon the Saints were coming to receive ordinances in the temple for themselves and their kindred dead.

But before work may be done in any of the temples, genealogical data must be obtained. The Genealogical Society of the Church had

microfilmed records before the war, mostly in the United States, but the war had halted the activity. In June—Photograph by Robert ]. Lanford

1945, before microfilming was beGLENDALE CHAPEL "-

APRIL 195.0 273

a waa o UMOR...

a lantern. Just as to make (. sroiepkson cided a hand reached the match, he struckTo Smith,Presidenthumor isGeorgea way ofAlbertlife. arba

To him humor is not rauASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR up over the hay and grasped the cous, sidesplitting laughter; rather young George Albert firmly and

it is the refined, dignified laughter with one of his own when he was dragged him down from the hayof one who has known sorrow and young. mow, which had only recently been

has thereby increased his capacity On one occasion the grandchilfilled against the winter needs of for genuine humor. It has been dren were playing in the ravine the animals. The hired man was

evidenced in his deep spirituality and which lies behind President Smith's the one who had grasped him; he

also in his love of humanity. One home. They had erected a tenthad seen the lad enter the barn

who has the true sense of humor like affair and had then proceeded and had decided to follow. "So you

which President Smith possesses to light candles which quite naturalsee,"President Smith concluded to has genuine understanding and deep ly set fire to the tent. Soon a furious his daughters, "these children are

appreciation for life in its varying just taking after their grandfather."

situations. Then he said ruefully, "Think how

terrible it would have been if all

Many people have a rapierlike that hay had caught fire."

wit which they too frequently use at the expense of others. President

Smith's humor usually is aimed at himself. Tolerant and anxious

about people, he has usually found something in his own life which he can use as an example of why others should also be tolerant and understanding.

Living close to young people as he always has since his children and

On another occasion one of the granddaughters had taken eggs from the refrigerator to mix with some earth in order to make a mudcake. The mother of the child

not unnaturally was furious. President Smith heard his daughter

scolding the child. Later, President

Smith told his daughter about an experience he had when he was a lad.

He had taken an egg from his blaze drew the parents to the scene. grandmother's chicken coop in order

his grandchildren have lived in his The mothers were quite beside to trade it for candy at the grocery home or nearby, he has made the themselves, wondering what kind of store. The clerk handed him the

most of his opportunity to keep close children they were rearing. As candy that George Albert had setouch with the ways of youth. Even usual President Smith came to the lected. Then young George Albert

when his daughters have been somedefense of the young folk. "Now, reached the egg ever so carefully

what concerned over an act of their girls,"he said, "let me tell you what to the top of the candy case. Just

it exchildren, President Smith has said, happened to me once."Then he as the egg made contact,

"Now, girls, don't be cross with related a story when, as a youngploded, sending the other wouldbe them; they're only taking after their ster, he had crawled into the buyers along with the proprietor to

grandfather."And then he has hayloft of the barn with a bucket, the nearest exit.

often matched the current offense a candle, and a match. He had de- {Continued on page 310)

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA g Smith Elder Joseph Fieldin

Thewassummera very warmof theone.yearOn1876one wasmonthshonorablyago. released a few

of these very warm days, July Elder Smith is a director of the 19, a baby boy was born to PresiZion's Savings Bank & Trust Comdent Joseph F. Smith and his wife, pany and of the Beneficial Life InJulina Lambson, a boy who was surance Company.

given the name of Joseph Fielding All of his life Elder Smith has

Smith, Jr. He was born into a been a student of world history

home wherein there were great and especially of Church history;

love of God and of all mankind and and in 1906 he was chosen as an a deep and abiding testimony of the Assistant Church Historian. Later,

divinity of Jesus Christ as the Son following the death of President of God and the Redeemer of the Anthon H. Lund, he was appointed

children of our Heavenly Father; of Church Historian, which position

the restoration of the gospel of our Brother Smith now holds and fills

Lord in its fulness; that the Church with a deep understanding of the

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints value and necessity of history bewas founded by the direct command ing made a true record of events of Smith was Joseph God; and that have happened and are now Forty Years that divinelythe Prophet comof God place. retaking study, Through

missioned to reestablish the Church search, and sound judgment Elderof Jesus Christ upon the earth. An Apostle Smith seeks to be exact, sincere, imAs this boy grew in years, he partial, and faithful to the truth

grew in grace before the Lord. The biA Ar. William, <JLvivia and is thus a trustworthy historian.

teachings of his parents, his atHe is loved, honored, and respected tendance at sacrament and priestASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN by all who are employed in the hood meetings and to the auxiliaries -k Historian's Office.

laid a firm foundation for him to Elder Smith has always been build up his spiritual self. His work him a high priest and set him apart deeply interested in genealogical

around his home, his work on the to this position. For several years work. He is a student of its needs

farm, swimming in the Jordan River, Elder Smith was a member of the and an authority upon its practices and the cleanness of his living built Salt Lake Stake Y.M.M.I.A. board, and principles. Shortly after the

for him a strong, active body. In and in 1903 he was chosen a memdeath of President Ivins, Brother

his youth Elder Smith was a splenber of the general board of the Smith was appointed to succeed did baseball player. Later in his Y.M.M.I.A., and his deep underhim as the president of the Genelife he became a skilful player of standing of the gospel and his alogical Society, a position he still

handball, tennis, and indoor basesympathetic understanding of the retains. When permission was

ball. During the many years of needs of the young people aided gained for the Genealogical Society

Brother Smith's playing at the that body. In 1909 Brother Smith to publish a magazine to promote

Deseret Gymnasium, all of his opwas chosen as a member of the the growth of historical and geneponents have come to know him as a general board of Religion Classes alogical work, Brother Smith was man with a deep sense of fair play, and some years later was made a appointed its editor and manager.

an encouraging smile at the miscounselor to President Rudger This magazine had its beginning in plays of his partner, and honest Clawson in the general superintenJanuary of 1910. The preparation

congratulations to the victor. dency of that auxiliary. In 1917 of this first number had only begun

Shortly before his twentythird Elder Smith was chosen as a memwhen Elder Smith and his family birthday Brother Smith was orber of the Church Board of Educawere placed in quarantine, as some dained a seventy by his father and tion and also the board of Brigham of his children had contracted scarleft for a mission to Great Britain. Young University, all of which aplet fever. Such a condition mi /n, h*'

He was appointed to the Nottingpointments he fills with dignity and have discouraged some men but ham District where he did a wonhonor. not Brother Smith. He prepared

derful work and was greatly When President Anthon H. Lund his manuscript, treated it with an

beloved by all of the Saints and was appointed president of the Salt antiseptic, and placed it in a box elders with whom he labored. Lake Temple, Elder Smith was choby his gate. From here it was

Shortly after his return home he sen as first counselor in this presigathered, taken to the printer, the was chosen one of the presidents of dency and acted as a counselor galley proofs returned, read, fumithe 24th Quorum of Seventy, which until the death of President Lund. gated, and then returned to the

position he held until 1904 when he Several years ago Brother Smith printer. The first number of the

was chosen as a high councilor in the succeeded Stephen L. Chipman as magazine was thus put out on time

Salt Lake Stake of Zion. His president of the Salt Lake Temple. and continued a successful career

brother, Hyrum M. Smith, ordained From this position Brother Smith (Continued on page 312)

APRIL 1950 275 IN THE EHI Li

whom the tent of the sheikh is the sheet anchor of existence. 14"

An openair market place, in the Near East where It is not uncommon in the East travelers carry desert places to from and on their life, in as for rich town and country people of the same manner muchdaily mode did Lchi and his family of old. to take to the desert for a spell, 146

so Lehi was by no means doing the impossible or unusual thing; only

the people who do so are of course those who already have had a good

Part IV deal of experience in the desert way and have acquired a taste for it.

H Nfe '$t f The Order of March editors of the Book of Mor- ""Phe Book of Mormon tells us a

THEmon have given a whole verse—Photograph by Adelbert Bartlett good deal about how Lehi and

to Nephi's laconic statement, his people moved through the desert, "And my father dwelt in a tent"(I and this can now be checked against

Nephi 2:15), and rightly so, since are torn up immediately after the the firsthand reports of life with

expired, the has tent deand man the Arabs finds the fact very which the last one hunNephi himself "molished. to 14 If a wants woman years, to dred constantly last thesignificant and especially and refers

her husband, she simply of his divorce forth. tent father's the center forty, have ashis All brought these

tent. 141 his turns over And Arab,universe. an what would agree with that the "my father Nephi 135 To

dwelt in a tent"says everything. applies today, as Doughty notes, keynote of life in Arabia is hard-

"The present inhabitants of Palapplied to the children of Israel in ship: "his life is hard, a ceaseless

estine,"writes Canaan, "like their Old Testament times. Indeed, struggle for existence against naforefathers, are of two classes: Hebrew tent (ohel) and Arabic ture and man."147 "It is no exagdwellers in villages and cities, and family (ahl)weie142 originally one and geration,"writes a presentday authe Bedouin. As the life and habits the same word. "The Bedouin has thority, "to say that the Bedouin

of the one class differ from those a strong affection for his tent,"says is in an almost permanent state of it starvation."148 "Many times betweenof the other, so do their houses difCanaan. "He will not 143exchange

fer. Houses in villages are built with any stone house."So Jacob their waterings,"Doughty reports,

of durable material... on the other was "an honest man and dwelt in "there is not a single pint of water

hand, Bedouin dwellings, tents, are tents,"though, let us add, by no left in the greatest sheikh's tent."149

more fitted for nomadic life...,"136 means in squalor: "Casual travelers A passage from Palgrave is parAn ancient Arab poet boasts that in the Orient, who have seen only ticularly impressive: "Then an inhis people are "the proud, the chivthe filthy, wretched tents of the sufficient halt for rest or sleep, at

alrous people of the horse and tribeless gypsy Bedouins... would most two or three hours, soon incamel, the dwellersin-tents, and no be surprised, perhaps, at the spaterrupted by the oftrepeated admo137

in the nition, 'If we linger here, we all diemiserable oxdrivers."A Persian ciousness and simple luxury nii

king but fifty years after the fall of tent of a great desert sheikh.'of thirst,'sounding in our ears, and

Jerusalem boasts that all the civiSo with the announcement that then to remount our jaded beasts lized kings "as well as the Bedouin his "father dwelt in a tent,"Nephi and push them on through the dark tentdwellers brought their costly serves notice that he had assumed night with the constant probability

gifts and kissed my feet,"thus the desert way of life, as perforce of attack or plunder from roving making the same distinction as the he must for his journey: any eastmarauders... at about an hour

later poet. One of the commonest erner would appreciate the signifibefore sunset we would stagger off

oaths of the Arabs, Burckhardt recance and importance of the stateour camels as best we might, to ports, is "by the life of this tent and ment, which to us seems almost prepare an evening feast of preits owners,"taken with one hand trivial. If Nephi seems to think of cisely the same description as that

resting on the middle tent pole. his father's tent as the hub of everyof the forenoon, or more often, lest

If a man's estate is to be declared thing, he is simply expressing the the smoke of our fire should give void after his death, "the tent posts view of any normal Bedouin, to notice of some distant rover, to con276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA turage, [then] the tents are pulled down and the men decamp."155

"On the Syrian and Arabic plain the Bedouins encamp in summer...

near wells, where they remain often 156 Lehi's time Mvtqk'-9 V (MeiA,y> lk. =Jj. for a whole month."&

schedule thus seems to be a fairly ESERT normal one, and the eight years he took to cross Arabia argue neither very fast nor very slow progday's is reckoned march good twentyHilal took Beni by ress—the writers twentyat between Arab a not to much go seven years

eight and thirty miles: in special or greater distance. After reaching the

favorable circumstances it may be seashore Lehi's people simply 3 tent ourselves with dry dates and other forty.""hand, 150 nearly On the of the space "for there camped rest hour's half an on the sand.""for an a day's slow journey again until a revelation days,"it assmany is true, under This, is marching

153 put them in motion. pressure, but the conditions—no nomad,camelriders,movingis twentymuch slowermiles."than

fire, raw meat, "wading through Length of camps varies (as in Were Lehi's party assnomads much affliction,"are exactly duplithe Book of Mormon ) with circumor camelnomads? The latter, there

cated in the Book of Mormon. stances. "From ten to twelve days can be no doubt. The times reLehi's party is described as movis the average time a Bedouin enquired it, and the Book of Mormon

ing through the desert for a few campment of ordinary size will reinsists on it. But before giving the

days (three or four) and then main on the same ground,"accordproof, it would be well to correct camping "for the space of a time."ing to Jennings Bramley, who, howthe theory, sometimes propounded,

This is exactly the way the Arabs ever, observes, "I have known them that the party went on foot. When

move. Caravan speeds run between to stay in one spot for as long as the Lord appoints a man to a task,

two and onequarter and three and five or six months."154 The usual he gives him the means of carrying

ninetenths miles an hour, thirty thing is to camp as long as possible it out, and to Lehi he had given miles being, according to Cheesmen, in one place until "it is soiled by ample means indeed. The sight of a

"a good average"for the day, and the beasts, and the multiplication rich merchant and his family setting sixty miles being the absolute maxiof fleas becomes intolerable, and the out for the desert in a caravan mum. 151 "The usual estimate for a surroundings afford no more pas- {Continued on page 320)

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, Jonomj 2)octor of J4iA,manitLes

an honorary doctor of humanities capped, kept alive a devotion to the ideals pioneers, and inof the achievements degree. and of the leadership in his best efforts vested

Kingsbury Hall was filled to overtomorrow. A prophet to the members of

flowing with an audience, many of his Church, a counselor, and friend to all, is, truth, in all men, he of servant a being colorful academic the wore whom of lifetime devoted a of For God. a man greatof the world's robes of some all his fellow of the welfare to service

est academic centers. It was the men, I recommend that he be awarded

President's privilege to offer the inthe degree of Doctor of Humanities, honoris vocation for that group at the causa.

beginning of that meeting. President Smith then received the

Later in the program, Dean O. degree from President A. Ray Olpin

Meredith Wilson of the university of the University of Utah.

college arose and said: President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

represented his Alma Mater, CoMr. President: lumbia University, and as a delegate

May I present George Albert Smith, of the American Academy of Politifor deof societies President three times cal and Social Science during the years sixteen farming, scientific veloping

President of the Society for the Aid of founders'day exercises.

receiving Smith Albert President George of of the President Sightless, A. Widtsoe the Founder and Dr. John

of of Humanidegree Doctor honorarythe Trails Landmarks Pioneer and Utah of one of the and of the the Twelve Olpin Council A. from Presidentties Ray

University of Utah. Association, Director of the Oregon Trails the three living former presidents

years execuAssociation, twenty Memorial and of the University played an importive of the of America Boy Scouts

High honor was accorded Presirecipient of the silver beaver and silver tant part in the centennial proceeddent George Albert Smith at the buffalo awards, for a generation a leader ings. He took part in a symposium,

convocation celebrating the one in and now President of the Church of entitled "One Hundred Years of

Education in Utah,"in which his hundredth anniversary of the JesustraveledChristoverofa Latterdaymillion milesSaints,in thewhointeresthas founding of the University of Utah of peace. He has helped to build a living particular subject was "The Early

on February 28, when he received economy, devoted years to the handiYears."

APRIL 1950 277 Drawing the Blueprint

<=>Lcou,i5e VI DmJ Planning a speech is very much In the above plan two of the like drawing blueprints for a points fail to meet this qualihouse. When planning a home, fication. "Greed"is unqualified;

you first consider your needs, then make a statement about the decide on the rooms necessary to greed of the "old settlers."And

fill these needs, and finally draw the fourth point is a question;

sketch after sketch to find the best never use a question in your possible arrangement and shape of blueprint for it cannot convey a the rooms. definite, conclusive idea.

In the planning of a speech, the 2. Have I included every idea I

procedure is much the same. First, really need to "put across"my cenyou must decide upon an objective tral point?

(see Article 5 of this series), then It is obvious that there is a serious determine the major ideas that you omission in the outline above. No With these corrections, your outmust explain or prove to accomplish discussion of the causes of the Morline will be similar to this:

this objective, and finally draw mon War in Missouri is complete Purpose: to explain the causes of

sketch after sketch to find the best without mention of religious differthe "Mormon War"in Missouri.

possible arrangement and developences. Point: The "Mormon War"in Misment of these ideas. 3. Have I included only the ideas souri was caused by religious

Suppose you want to discuss the th*'are "eceary and relevant? intolerance, fear, greed, and misreasons for the persecution of the Interesting though the question understanding.

I. Religious differences arousedMormons in Missouri in 1838. Your may be as to why the persecutions

first plan, with its inevitable weakwere repeated in Illinois, it is not violent antagonisms.

nesses, would possibly look somerelevant to this speech, for it is not II. The "old settlers"feared the

a reason for the troubles in Misincreasing political and ecothing like this:

souri. If mentioned, it should be nomic power of the Mormons.

used only as comparative material III. Greed fed the flames of vioPurpose: to explain the reasons for

to illustrate one of the other points. lence.

persecutions of Mormons in Mis- 4. Are each of my points separate IV. Vicious rumors based on false

souri in 1838. ideas or do some overlap? information and misunderPoint: There are several reasons The last point is really a part of standing made rational action

why the "old settlers"persecuted the first. The trouble at the polls difficult.

the Mormons was caused by fear When you can answer an unqualwho settled in of the political ified "yes"to each of the six queswestern Missouri. Qrawing plans for a power of the Mortions on the check list, you are

speech can be fun, mons and should be ready to take the next step in the

I. The "old setespecially if you consider discussed when you making of your blueprint. Just as

tlers"feared the it a. challenge to your are talking about closets must be planned and furniincreasing ecoability to think, through political power. ture placed, so your main ideas

nomic and polit- a problem logically and 5. H a v e I armust be analyzed and supporting

ical power of completely. ranged my ideas so material determined.

the Mormons. that one follows Sometimes, especially if your

II. Greed logically out of the speech is short or the topic simple,

III. Much of the trouble was caused preceding one? you need merely specific details or

by rumors based on false inforIt is possible to follow the points examples to explain or prove your mation and misunderstanding. in the above plan, but a better points; for instance, to prove that

IV. Why were the persecutions reorganization might be found. Exvicious rumors made rational action

peated in Illinois? periment with other arrangements difficult, you may want simply to

V. The conflict was brought to a of the ideas, then pick the most give a number of specific examples

head in August 1838 at logical one. of vicious rumors which were circuthe election polls in Daviess 6. Considered together, do my lated. This part of your blueprint

County. ideas really accomplish my purpose; might read:

Like your first house plan, this do they "add up"to my central IV. Vicious rumors based on false

first plan for your speech must be idea? information and misundercorrected carefully. Ask yourself In the above outline, the answer standing make rational action

the following questions on each can be "yes."Religious intolerance, difficult.

speech "blueprint"you make. fear, greed, and misunderstanding A. Many of the Missourians

1. Is each of my ideas expressed do "add up"to the causes of the were strongly proslavery

in a definite statement? Mormon War in Missouri. (Continued on page 334)

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LJjcar J4. J\imham IN RECOGNITION

Scout executive in the Salt Lake

Council. He attended the first world

jamboree of Boy Scouts, held in

Olympia, London, England, in 1920;

the third, at Arrowe Park, England, 1929; the fourth, at Godollo, Hungary, in 1933; the fifth, at Haarlem,

Holland, in 1937; the sixth, at

Moisson, near Paris, France, in 1947 as well as the national jamboree at Washington, D. C, in

1937. He was chief morale officer

at all the jamborees that he attended. He holds personal recognition from Lord Robert S. S. BadenPowell, the founder of scouting, and

from other world leaders.

A decade or so ago he led sixty thousand Scouts at the New York fiSsa * * 3ssiaS8Ss&8 wSs world's fair in the Scout oath and the national anthem.

As executive secretary of the I. A., one of his contribuDm rlbert c=JL. /—obali dr. Y. M. M.

tions was the introduction of and leadership in the fathers'and sons'

Perhaps the greatest honor ever award before a group of over nine outings. One outing, held at

to come to a member of the hundred registered delegates repreWaterton Lakes, Alberta, Canada,

Church in the field of camping senting thirtyseven states, this was had 1327 in attendance and stood came to President Oscar A. Kirksaid of Brother Kirkham: for a long time as the largest outham of the First Council of the Oscar A. Kirkham, Salt Lake City, Utah. ing of that kind in history.

Seventy on February 17. Veteran A prominent leader in western organizaElder Kirkham was called to the

Scout and M.I.A. leader, and altions for many years, including the Pacific First Council of the Seventy at the

its federation Association and Camping he received of youth, a friendways the of 1941 conference October basis; national this a Association with on given citations five by the ofone in that active has been Church and National distinction the Organwith served at Association CampingAmerican the in then, since as as well of ization America for work of Boy Scouts

their convention in St. Louis, in over thirty years in attending many large, cause of youth. When the general

recognition of his outstanding servnational gatherings and five great Interboard of the Young Men's Mutual he has camped national where Jamborees and of our country toice the youth reAssociation Improvement was of and of thousands hundreds with men field of camping in the landsother in 1948, dean organized he was the in four all parts of the world from boys and character building. different European Countries; prominent of the board in years of service

The purpose of this organization, in the Church of Jesus Christ for his rendered to this auxiliary organizain development the leadership executive thouof five has an enrolmentwhich tion of the Church.

programs; on the outdoor and of camps memand one millionsand leaders of the trails campfires around and mountain

bers, is to further the interests and the West you can hear his songs and storwelfare of children and adults ies; he has devoloped many bulletins on

through camping as an educative camping.

could Mr. that Kirkham are pleased We experience. Inaugurecreativeand

citation. the receive to in person here recogberating this year a new plan of

nition of living persons who have As field secretary of the Young rendered exemplary service to the Men's Mutual Improvement Assocamping movement, the organizaciation beginning in 1909, and later tion gave citations and plaques to as executive secretary, Elder KirkElder Kirkham and to four others, ham has done much to further the

Harriet Farnsworth Gulick of recreational and scouting moveBrookline, Massachusetts; Barbara ments within the Church. He is a

Ellen Joy of Wisconsin; Charles R. thirtyfive-year veteran of the Boy

Scott of Newark, New Jersey; and Scout program and was the first

Taylor Statten of Toronto, Ontario,

Canada. President Kirkham hangs the award

In presenting the recognition receivedAssociationfromon thethe Americanwall of hisCampingoffice.

APRIL 1950 279

The key to this problem is:

When reading early Church history, always read the word town

used in any other sense. The word CHURCH HISTORY as township. It was rarely if ever

town actually is an abbreviation of township. TRAVEL SERVICE Therefore, when desiring to go to

Joseph Smith Memorial Cottage vDij /4okn ID. CfUed and monument, go to South Royalton and then, as indicated on the

BUSINESS MANAGER map, follow the highway (14) apthen south, mile proximately one 3 Jfo/?fr<S<?/ ----.V this issue The Improvefollow sign large east at a and turnWith / I the secontinues ment Era hills farm, the to into the SHELDON/ the road

ries of ChurchHistory-Travcottage, and monument. Signs along

elService articles with strip maps the road give easilyfollowed direcand information describing the tion.

places of major interest in Church Arriving at the cottage look for history. One area will be described these things:

each month.

The formula or pattern to be ST. JOHNS BURY 1. The cottage itself, which was built

followed in the guide series is this: on the exact site of the Solomon Mack

1. What area is being charted? 2. MONrPELIER. J home.home, whichThe hadhearthstonefallen throughof the theoriginalfloor,

What happened there to make it BARRE was raised up and used in its former posihistorically important? 3. What is tion when the new cottage was built. (The

there to be seen now? 4. How can house in which the Prophet was born

line built the astride between actually wasthe various places reached be by RANDOLPH CENTERlbN'of Sharon and (townships) the RANDOLPH Towns rail,automobile, air? bus, or -2:ANDOLpH Randolph -ji*E in which Joseph Royalton. bedroom The N.TUNBRIDGE S RANDOLPH first strip sectional The and map side the of the Sharon being born on was * i i TUNBRIDGE GORE

guide deals with Vermont, centerline, he actually was born in the Town of ing, naturally, around South Royal- ) Sharon, as indicated in the histories. (Had

kitchen, the he would in birth occurred the ANOVER HtW;*->ton, nearest County, Windsor BAN0N Royalton.) JT POMFR of the in born been Town havevillage to the farm the which on RIVER WHITE the of south well, 2. and west old The RUTLANDV

Prophet ii Joseph Smith born. was cottage.

While Vermont may not proper- / 3. Patriarch Hill, east and north of the

cottage. calledly be the Cradle of Mormonmonument. magnificent It was 4. The itism, certainly was the granite and is thirtynine "cradle"built of Vermont

of many of its early leaders. Joseph and onehalf feet high, one foot for each

Smith, Oliver Cowdery, Brigham ROCKING HAMJ year of the Prophet's life. It is said that

Young, Heber C. Kimball, Luke S. BELLOWS FALL?"this is the highest monument in the world

shaft. granite of built a singleJohnson, E. Lyman Johnson, Wilof site Joseph old the of home 5. Theliam B. Smith, Erastus Albert Snow, the the between in canyon Smith, down

Carrington, other and prominent Hill. foundaPatriarch The and BENNINGTONV... WILMINGTON SoJ monument

members of the Church in early jacksonville tion is still there.

days were Vermont natives. READS BOR.R>#*VWH itinsha'm"

It is important, first of all, in conOther points in Vermont of spesidering the RoyaltonSharon area tyj%'<9SS. cial interest to members of the

of Jesus Christ of LatterChurchin to clear Vermont, up apwhat local government. own When

are: Saints topears error or be an to many in day Smith Joseph said he was born

conflict in our history. The records the Town of Sharon (the "T"in Wells, Rutland County, birthplace of

say that Joseph Smith was born in Town properly being capitalized), Oliver Cowdery.

the town of Sharon, Windsor he was right. But in the Town (or Whitingham, Windham County, birthplace

County, Vermont, but presentday township) of Sharon is the village of Brigham Young (to be treated in article). in detail the next tell visitors toguides to South go causes the confuof which Sharon birthplace of County, Franklin Sheldon,

itRoyalton. as Strange apmay sion. farm, Solomon The Mack Kimball. C. Heber

pear, both are correct. partly in the Town (township) of Pomfret, Windsor County, birthplace of

New England and some of the Royalton, where the prophet was Luke S. and Lyman E. Johnson.

of birthplace County, Royalton, Windsor stateseastern are divided not only six born, from miles than is more

Carrington. Albert B. Smith and William all states,into counties as are but village of a the Sharon, only but birthCounty, Caledonia St. Johnsbury,in addition into they are divided little village miles the over from two Gates, of Jacob Erastus place Snow.

townships, in that area officially and of South Royalton. The nearest member of the First Council of the

legally called towns, each having its village and the post office, then and Seventy, also was born here.

aCopies of the strip maps and the acnow, being South Royalton, travRockingham,of Zera Pulsipher,WindhammemberCounty,of birthplacethe First companying material will be available at elers naturally are directed to that Council of the Seventy.

twentyfive cents, postpaid. place. (Continued on page 332)

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eporit on MM?

M MEN BASKETBALL 194950

SS9H iiBmm A5u JjoiAle cL. Lj*reen, managing editor These

are the men selected on "HB allChurch in the for honors battled eight thousand of young Upwards the tournament. Saints from Latterday many jHH f **Wjfe. flHjw*

All Church the championship Following given the of were parts Church

a boost up the road to manhood game, in which Brigham City Monof *| through Jeam *<* 50 M Menparticipationbasketballin theprogram.1949Stake,Fourth defeatedWard, NorthPleasantBox GroveElder

Seven hundred sixtyfive registered First Ward, Timpanogos Stake, 2422, awards were made to outteams—more than ever before—

took part in this year's competition standing players and teams. During

which, following stake and regional those impressive ceremonies several playoffs, was climaxed March 1, 2, significant statements were made.

3, and 4 in Salt Lake City when In presenting the championship sixteen teams from five states trophy and individual awards to the winners of the "world's Sponsor Gail Longden and Coach Henry largest basketball league,"Presireceive City Fourth's Brigham JohnsonC.

President Georgetrophy from Albert dent George Albert Smith said,

Smith and tournament director Marvin J. "You represent thousands of theAshton.

finest boys to be found anywhere in all the world. You should prize

this trophy not for its intrinsic value, but rather because it stands for all that is good and righteous. Always

remember that you could not have won it except for the clean lives you have led."After telling the Pleasant Grove team that they should not be disWestoverDon Bone(middle(top left)right) of ofPleasantTwentysixth,Grove UdellFirst, couraged since they only missed beJackWendellHadfieldHess (middle(lower left)right)ofofLoganBrighamFifth,CityChadFourth,L.

ing champions by three points, A. Germaine (lower right) of Mesa Seventh.

Walter Stevenson, first assistant in cause to regret."The coveted

the general superintendency of the sportsmanship trophy was awarded

Young Men's Mutual Improvement to Mesa Seventh Ward, Mesa

Association, said, "As you go Stake. General Superintendent Elthrough life, you are going to win, bert R. Curtis, who made the

and you are going to lose; but if presentation, reminded the thirtyyou always put up a battle like you five hundred persons who were in

did tonight, you will never have (Continued on page 319) 1950 ALLCHURCH CHAMPIONS Brigham City Fourth Ward, North Box Elder (Utah) Stake. First row, left to

MESA SEVENTH WARD RECEIVES SPORTSMANSHIP AWARD right: Junior Nielson, Louis Douglas, Leon Christenseh;,, Gail Longden, sponsor;

General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis presents the sportsmanship trophy to Henry C. Johnson, coach; Darel O. Johnson, Dilworth Prisby, and J. R. Gibbs.

Mesa Seventh Ward M Men basketball team. Back row: Preston Merrill, Reed Hadfield, Burton Pett, Jack Hadfield, and Leland

Teeples. the reclamation service of this country.

His energy, his integrity, his affability, coupled with his brilliant and alert mind, would no doubt have taken him far in the business ERVICE world had he chosen to follow that field. He was not destined to do tkroviak *-

-Gilbert Smitk INDUSTRY eoraey

i5iA iSruant *-3. Mlnckh y that; however, he has a bright record as a man of business.

At the age of thirteen he was emMaking money has never held a unfailing kindness and his rare ployed in the Z.C.M.I. overall facmajor place in the mind of this ability to reach the hearts of those tory. Later he made packing boxes.

distinguished leader. There who have wandered from the path It is interesting to note that he subwere other and larger things that have enabled him to render the most sequently became a president of that

appealed more strongly to him, alprecious service that men ever institution, and in later years, though he did not neglect the render. He has the priceless gift

realities of life. No matter how of rekindling hope in the hearts of

lofty his purpose, he has always the hopeless, strengthening the faith kept his feet on the ground. The of the wavering. Ever since George

order of preferences is clearly inBorn in this great citizen is a Albert Smith's young dicated in his life. love for the land that gave him and formative years,

From his childhood he has given birth. A love for its welfare stands his unbounded enerhis first allegiance to the Church. next to his love for his Creator. His gy, his integrity, and

All else has been subservient to its immediate ancestors and his foreaffability have carried interests. Years ago he wrote a bears for generations have been him steadily onward

creed which is a perfect index to his libertyloving Americans, fostering to his presentday life and his character. If he had with patriotic zeal all its interests position of the highest

not written anything else, this clasand purposes. As a young man he office in the Church,

sic should perpetuate his name. All was active in the National Guard,

his mature life he has done indiserving as First Sergeant, Troop C, vidual missionary work which was First Cavalry, for the full term of both farreaching and effective. His enlistment.

George Albert Smith and his ilwhile presiding over the European lustrious father, John Henry Smith, Mission, he represented the commade a conspicuous contribution to pany on a tour through England, conducted by the British Drapers

Chamber of Trades, in company with representatives from all over

Sixty years ago, George Albert Smith and a young companion were traveling salesmen for

Z. C. M, I. in central and southern Utah, and

southeastern Nevada.

282. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the United States and Canada. It

was a far cry from the noise and dust of this factory to being guest of honor among important businessmen, during the tour, in an international convention held in the then metropolis of the world.

On leaving the University of

a*> a &u6me$5man

Utah, he became a member of a surveying party, working to straighten out the curves of the

DenverRio Grande Railway east chat Presidentwith PresidentGeorgeHarryAlbertS. SmithTrumanandofformerthe UnitedgovernorStatesof Utah,in JuneHerbert1945. B. Maw, have a friendly

from Greenriver, Utah. It was while

doing this work that his eyesight became impaired as a result of the same."(He occasionally gave he has been director and vicepresi-

heat and glare of the desert sun. demonstrations with the Indian dent of the Utah Savings and

This was an almost irreparable loss clubs to the delight of those Trust Company; he was a director

to him, and had it not been for his present. and vicepresident of the Utahdetermination to succeed, it might "May 28, drove from Scipio to Idaho Sugar Company and is now

have proved a tragic handicap. NotHolden. The drive was quite a hard its president; he was president of

withstanding this, he is a wellin- one, downhill with no brakes. Held the Libby Investment Company; a

its presiformed man. a concert in the hotel, Maynes director of Z.C.M.I., now

At twentyone he was a travelsinging, Jim playing the flute, and I dent; a director of Heber J. Grant

ing salesman for Z.C.M.I., repreplaying the guitar; bed hard; room and Company, now president; a

senting the wholesale grocery desmall."director of the Mutual Creamery

partment. On May 21, 1891, he "May 31, left Fillmore about nine Company; and for many years he

started on a trip through Central o'clock for Meadow. In the evening was a director of the Utah First

and Southern Utah, going as far quite a number of people were asNational Bank, now president;

south as Panaca, Nevada, about sembled in the parlor of Brother president, the Salt Lake Theatre four hundred miles from Salt Lake G's home. It was here James and *nd the Decker Wholesale Jewelry

Lor his City. traveled companion I played. He and quite have made We must fPany. he has gone, he has Wherever Sixty years by team. ago the roads a favorable for impression we

cultivated tin: acquaintance and

President Smith has gone, he has cultivated people. Whether it was the Presi- W'herever companionship of the leaders of the

the acquaintance and companionship of the leaders dent of the United States or the of the people. Lord Mayor of London, he established a friendship with them, feelover that territory were rough and played until twelve o'clock."ing that the great of the earth as

dangerous, in fact, almost impassable George Albert Smith was a great well as the humble were entitled to in some places and at some seasons salesman. Salesmanship is a highly hear the message of salvation.

of the year. They visited all the remunerative profession. It rePunctuality is a cardinal principle

stores and towns in that vast terriquires special talents, and he had with him. He is in all respects an

tory, going from Salt Lake City them all. example of it. Meetings which he

to Cedar City, from Cedar City In 1 898 he was appointed Receiver conducts start on time and end on to Panaca, from Panaca to St. of Public Moneys and Disbursing time, and the business is carried

George, and back through Kanab, Agent for Utah by President forward with dispatch.

Orderville, Panguitch, and up William McKinley and was reapIn 1945 he became trusteein- through Sevier and Sanpete counpointed by President Theodore trust for the Church of Jesus Christ ties. They were gone about forty Roosevelt, the first Latterday Saint of Latterday Saints. This office

days, and he kept a diary on this in this state to receive a federal clothes him with the financial retrip. There is just enough detail appointment. He served in this sponsibility of the Church, and this

in it to make it highly entertaining. office for nine years. The day responsibility could not be enHe sold "bills of goods"to almost his term expired, he put his hat on trusted to abler or more benevolent

every institution on the way. A few and walked out, leaving a brilliant hands. His stewardship will be

excerpts from his diary may prove and stainless record. discharged with signal fidelity and

interesting: He became prominently conwith a sacred regard for the highest

"Provo, May 23, rose at 6:30, nected with several of the leading interests of the Church. He proexercised with the dumbbells for industrial and commercial instituceeds with an eye single to the glory

thirty minutes and Indian clubs the tionsof the state: For many years of his Maker.

APRIL 1950 283 Iemetuatlna

LyLif"ydeals

tkrouak

President Smith addressing a gathering at Independence Rock on June 27, 7937, a year after the plaque was placed there by the L. D. S. group. Among the group are Rachel G. Taylor, Marion Kerr,

President Heber J. Grant, Lucy Grant Cannon, Andrew Jenson, Oscar A. Kirkham, George Q. Morris, and Joseph Anderson. ARKERS

Probably no man in the United States has officiated at more unveiling exercises of historic monuments and markers over such TU[ost great men have a wide area than has President hobbies. FrequentlyGeorge Albert Smith. More than

those hobbies bring honor markand hundredone monuments party led a as 1914 early he to others. As satisfaction

in ers, to and cost ranging from $50.00 the old officers along A. of M.I. In the cases such man sponsored$450,000.00, been have line, trail to the pioneer Wyoming with the secures hobby with heads, the he group andby efforts of beginning the marking his rensatisfactions by

officiated exceptions he hasvery few in the finally resulted have which service bringdering and at dedicatory programs. the the along of a highway building to ing recognition those

is for the plans "This When to trail Utah, Henefer, old from in are not position a who conbeingPlace"were Monument to Valley, be comSalt the Lake to these things do for Presiin the early 1930's,sidered years, the next two within pleted themselves.

as president Smith,dent of the Utah great of the monuerection the is and hobbyist Such a TrailsPioneer AsLandmarks and Emigration of at the mouth ment President Albert George lead.sociation, took the This

organization sponsored the moveSmith. For many years Canyon.

ment in the legislature that resulted he has pursued his hobby In his efforts to preserve the in the appointment of a committee of honoring the Mormon historic places and story spots of to plan and erect the monument that Pioneers and others who the west, dealing primarily with have contributed to the early pioneer achievements, Presihas already received worldwide exploration and developdent Smith has solicited and seacclaim.

When the monument committee, ment of the West. cured the cooperation of local comlater the monument commission, munities. He has believed that by

was formed, President Smith becalling attention of the younger came one of the vicepresidents. generation to the accomplishments

Upon the death of President Heber his home in August of that year of their forebears he would be ren-

J. Grant, first chairman of the comthe foundation was laid for the dering an important service that

mission, President Smith succeeded organization of the Utah Pioneer would add materially to the interest him as chairman and guided the Trails and Landmarks Association, of any marker or monument being commission in the actual construcof which he was elected president. erected in the locality.

tion of the great memorial to the He has served in that capacity conIn these activities he has won

Mormon Pioneers and the explorers, tinuously since that time. This friends, particularly along the old

trappers, and missionaries of other organization has been responsible Mormon Pioneer Trail which he has churches who preceded them into for one hundred and twenty comfollowed several times from Nauvoo the valley of the Great Salt Lake. memorative historic markers exto Salt Lake City. He has shown

"This is the Place"Monument tending from Nauvoo, Illinois, on particular interest in the trails of represents nearly forty years of inthe east, along the Mormon Pioneer the Handcpr'- Pioneers, the Overterest and activity on the part of Trail, and in practically all of the land Stage Lines, and the Pony

President George Albert Smith and western states. In May of this Express. He is familiar with the

his associates. year a monument is to be erected records of the various westward

When the Oregon Trail Memoat the birthplace of Brigham Young, movements, and his interest in prerial Association promoted the organculminating efforts of more than serving historic trails and landization of trails associations in the twenty years on the part of Presimarks has carried him into states

West in 1930, President Smith dent Smith to have this site properly as far west as California.

took the initiative in Utah, and at designated. President Smith's contributions to

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA brotherhood and tolerance were reflected in the dedicatory service at "This is the Place"Monument on

July 24, 1947. The monument itGeorgeinspectingAlbertmarkerSmithon

Old Oregon Trail in self had honored in sculpture—as WyominguJ936.

sculpture—thefar as possible inmenindividualwho hadportraitmade

history in the intermountain west preceding the Mormon Pioneers,

'AND ONUMENTS

Group at General John C. Fremont's campground in Weber

County, 1933.

eorae Q. om5

PRESIDENT, EASTERN STATES MISSION

EXECUTIVE VICEPRESIDENT PIONEER TRAILS

AND LANDMARKS ASSOCIATION

regardless of race or religion. When

the program for the dedicatory service was being prepared, it was

President Smith's desire that all the major religious groups be represented in addition to state, county, and city officials. A Catholic

priest, a Protestant bishop, a Jewish rabbi, and representatives of ment"Thiswas Isdedicatedthe Place"JulyMonument24, 1947. at the mouth of Emigration Canyon in Salt Lake Valley, This monuthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints were prominent

speakers. An eastern visitor, after

the program, made this remark, "Today I have had a spiritual rebaptism. What I have witnessed

could not have happened anywhere else in the world. The spirit of

tolerance that was manifest today was magnificent."

This same spirit is characteristic of President Smith's attitude toward preserving important trails, landmarks, and historic places. He has

never raised the question of religion but has been concerned only with giving proper recognition to the persons who made the history that the monuments and markers were de-. signed to preserve. His contributions to the cause of preserving the

history of the pioneers and of the

West constitute a lasting monument that will honor him for generations to come. -pU yL yL

APRIL 1950 285 ORMAL

IVl me kiome oi IiFE is unaffected and happy at President George Albert Smith's home. The household eomeconsists of President Smith, his f

daughter Emily, her husband (the BY ROBERT MURRAY STEWART author of this article), and his granddaughter, Martha, together with Louisa Grint, who looks after the physical needs of the family. In to the Smith home constantly to join University, and his wife Ruth, with

the house next door reside President in the happiness there and to make their three sons, George Albert III,

Smith's other daughter, Edith, and them an integral part of President Samuel, and Robert, live in Boston, her husband, George Elliott, with Smith's household. Massachusetts. Whenever they

their children, Thomas and Nancy. President Smith's son, George come to the Smith home for a visit,

Their love and interests bring them Albert, Jr., professor at Harvard there are great happenings of which

EMILY

SMITH

STEWART

President Smith becomes a part overjoyed to have his grandchildren with him and to enter into the activity of his young folk.

The house itself was built some years ago. While it may not have

all the conveniences of more modern homes, President Smith has found joy in the continuity of his ownership. The ravine in the rear of

his house has all the qualities of the canyon and has brought much joyous living to him, his family, and his friends. The home and garden,

including the canyon, were enjoyed by the governors of the various states and their families at the governors'reception held there during their convention in Utah in July 1947.

As in most families, the timing of the morning meal at the Smith

President Smith, his son, George Albert, Jr., and grandson, George Albert III residence is rather difficult, but it

President Smith and his two daughters, Emily, left, and Edith, right, in a reception line at a gathering at his home honoring the nation's governors in July 1947.

ing been kept warm against the President from a book, magazine,

EDITH time of President Smith's eventual newspaper, or a manuscript. Presiprayers will be ofdent Smith is always greatly SMITH arrival—family

fered before the serving of the interested in editorials and interELLIOTT meal. President Smith's meals are national matters that may in some

simple and nourishing. In the sumdirect or indirect manner affect the

mer he eats no meat, and even in the missionary work of the Church.

winter months he eats very little. After President Smith completes

Milk is his favorite beverage. this part of the day's activities, he

is the for process bed. But ready is finished, the dinner the After

is that so of each arranged member to getting requires of about bed an for arrives. relaxation time large- A tothe return turn has household a half proof methodical a hour and gift to chair, rocking a base him

to for also thethanks food and first cedure. exerPresident Smith after his from wife beloved soonoffer folfamily the prayer, which cises in his table exercising an on is their President's the marriage,lows breakfast. favorite chair. Naturally, it has had bedroom. He then goes to the basePresident Smith's morning at the to be reupholstered several times. ment where he engages in calisoffice is followed by a lunch at The chair stands in one corner of thenics on an exercising machine

home, whenever possible, and a the living room near the fireplace, for about fifteen minutes. President

short rest. Although President in which, in the wintertime, a cheerSmith has faithfully followed this

Smith's afternoon in the office is ful log fire is kept burning. When nightly procedure for many, many

years. After his exercises Presidentusually long—lasting until sixthirty President Smith is seated comfortSmith bathes and then retires, hisor seven—his route home is a ably, Edith and some, if not all, of

devious one, for he may go to the her family come to see him. Remiwants having been diligently looked

hospital to visit or to administer niscences and storytelling are then after by his daughters.

to the sick. If it is not a trip to the engaged in, to the delight of the The affection between President

is dignified andhospital, it may be that he will make grandchildren and the other memSmith and his family a call upon a sick friend or a relabers of the families. Jokes, recitaemanates directly from the kindlitive. said that prevailed frequently has that has them He among tions, and occasional songs are also ness

lives. well, theirif people he will keep probably throughout The loving

not call on them; but when they are enjoyed to bring relaxation and fun and sterling qualities that Presiin distress, he will do his best to to the entire family. dent Smith manifests in his home

visit and comfort them. When the visiting is over, a are the same that he extends to all

Even though dinner is late—havmember of the family reads to the people everywhere.

APRIL 1950 287 with the A RESIDENT

76 Seen bu his Secret.apu

&U. Mrthu-v r4ai4COckaucoi v

busy day begins for President gets an invitation along the way to totem pole, a mountain sheep carved

A sevenGeorgein Albertthe morning,Smith a aboutbusy rideto schoolwith him—aor someonestudentgoingon tothework.way bypairanofIndian,oxen amadecoveredof wagonwood andand

day filled with people. And, of Thus, the day has a running start sent in from a reservation during

course, President Smith loves people. by nine o'clock, when President the centennial year—and countless

A light breakfast starts his day, Smith customarily reaches his ofother items. He is particularly inconsisting generally of prunes, a fice. terested in the young people and

dish of whole wheat, and a glass of The morning is taken up with their welfare. For the very young,

milk. He knows the value of a visitors, meetings, correspondence, there is always a storybook, a piece

healthy, nourishing diet. The early and more visitors. Meetings with of candy, or a shiny new coin.

morning also includes a glance at the Brethren associated with him On a recent trip to the Middle a newspaper to keep abreast 'of in the presiding councils of the West, he was rushing to catch a local, national, and world events. Church and of the various auxiliary train when a mother with four small

On the way to the Church Adorganizations and institutions of the youngsters stopped him so that her ministration Building, accompanied Church consume a great deal of children might have the opportunity by his sonin-law, Robert Murray President Smith's time. of shaking hands with him. SomeStewart, someone nearly always To all who call, he is a very graone took a picture of the incident,

cious host. This is true whether and a copy was sent to President

the visitor is a mother who hoped Smith with this notation: "I am

he would have time to shake hands sending you this picture because it with her young son or a disis a graphic illustration of the man tinguished national or international we believe you are. The reason

official. The President never hesiwe treasure it so is because, as

tates to tell his prominent visitors busy as you were, in spite of the who do not know about the fact you were being hurried into

Church just what the gospel means your car and then to your waiting train, you still took time out to shake—and they admire and respect him

for it. People are impressed with the hand of each child in this

his honesty and humility. One family."

prominent New York banker, not a During the day, many of the member of the Church, said, as he Brethren counsel with him or report left the office after visiting with to him on the progress of some is alert to President Smith: "Why, he is just committee work. He

like the prophets we read about in what goes on and likes to keep in the Bible!"touch with all the affairs of the

his Church. Always field, convert from the mission A

just are and counselwise—andand students, a advice class a of seminary

group of Indians, or a young boy or tempered, ever, by his boundless girl may come to the office seeking store of love for his fellow men.

an opportunity to shake hands with But city, state, and national organizations require his attention, of the President the Church. Whenthe nearly alongCJomeone fyay is for too. president, example, He possible, a mintakes few he ever to invitation gets always an Trails of the Pioneer and Utah to greet of his out utes day busyride President witM Smith—a Association; a member Landmarks pride reverent he them. Withstudent oijmj/s way tq school or points to the pictures above his desk of the Advisory Board of the Nasomeone g( showing his father, John Henry tional Council, Boy Scouts of AmerSmith, and his two grandfathers, ica; and a National Trustee of the

George A. Smith and Lorin Farr. National Society, Sons of the

American Revolution. Also, PresiCallers are always fascinated with

the many souvenirs and keepsakes dent Smith always has been solicitous of the welfare of those who displayed in his office—a deer

tf.f/WTif carved by a Scout, an airplane, a *See Your Page and Ours, page 340

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President David O. McKay, President George

Albert Smith, and President J. Reuben

Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency

sions, he may sing some of the songs that he learned as a young man and that he used to sing to his own accompaniment on the guitar or banjo. I have enjoyed a few such

evenings, and their memory is priceless to me.

If weather permits, he takes a walk around his yard before retiring and may call on one of his neighbors. He enjoys being outof-

are blind, deaf, or otherwise afand trees are a neverending source doors, especially in warm weather, flicted and is greatly interested in of joy to him. and I have been privileged to enjoy

doing what he can to help these When he returns to the office many such walks with him. Durpeople and make their lives happier. in the afternoon, there are more ing the day he may wander in

One of his Sunday afternoons remeetings and visitors. Sometimes his garden and call the birds by

cently was taken up with the dedithe press of other matters makes it whistling. When he was a boy,

cation of a chapel for the deaf in necessary for him to stay late in he learned to whistle by using an

Salt Lake City, and I shall never the evening to take care of the acorn cup placed between his finforget the emotion I experienced as daily mail. He is very conscientious gers, and he is able to produce a

I stood on the stand and watched about his correspondence, and it rousing whistle in this manner.

most of those in the congregation disturbs him if he cannot get all of Finally at night President Smith's "singing,"in sign language, "We his work taken care of in any body says, "enough for today"

Thank Thee, O God, for a particular day. to his >uch younger spirit, and

Prophet,"many of them with tears President Smith loves to spend he goes to bed, thankful that of gratitude streaming down their his evenings with his family. Often he has 1.en permitted to live

cheeks. President Smith is presiat the dinner table he holds everyanother day in this beautiful world,

dent of the Society for the Aid of one spellbound with his stories. and to spend it "sharing the gospel

the Sightless, and as an indication Later in the evening, on rare occawith others."

of the love which the blind have for him, one of the members of that group, a woman who has been blind from childhood, wrote in tribute to him the following lines:

Although his tender loving face

From us is shut apart.

We see the gracious wisdom Of his understanding heart;

We feel a peace within his soul

And know a peace our own;

We hear his silent prayer that tells

We do not walk alone;

His faith in us will give us strength

As unseen paths we plod:

Our souls uplifted by a man In partnership with God.

To conserve his strength and to enable his body the better to keep up with his enthusiasm. President

Smith rests an hour or two in the afternoon. I usually drive him

home for his lunch and rest, and the short ride always permits a few moments relaxation during which I never tire of listening to the countless stories he tells about people and places. He recalls events

that have occurred and changes that SmithSeveralduringNavajoa recentIndian girlM. singersI. A. conferencecalled upon andPresidentsang

have taken place during his lifeseveral of their native songs.

time, particularly in the valley of his birth. The lawns, the flowers,

APRIL 1950 289 Iredidi t George Albert Smith...

been to help with the development 5ia cJJ. d*. Mammovid of the Tracy Boy Scout Wigwam in Mill Creek Canyon. One of the

SCOUT EXECUTIVE, S. L. COUNCIL & FORMER cabins at the camp bears his name

MEMBER YMMIA GENERAL BOARD because of the work he did in helpantid ing raise funds for improvements.

When President Smith was made Horace \jmeLff general superintendent of the Y.M.

M.I.A. in 1921, scouting in the

MEMBER YMMIA GENERAL BOARD Church was placed directly under his guidance. President Smith

President Smith the Scout would be the last man in the world

To daily good turn has been of the to claim credit for the wonderful utmost significance. He has record made and for the good that

read into this Scout law the admonihas come to the youth of the Church

President Smith in his Scout uniform, wearing tion of the Savior, "And whosoever through the program, for many the Silver Beaver and Silver Buffalo awards.

of you will be the chiefest, shall be other prominent men have engaged servant of all."(Mark 10:44.) in this work. But since 1921 he has

Add to the spirit of the good turn been the leader of the L. D. S.

the lifelong interest of President scouting movement. Vanguards, as a basis for our exSmith in youth, and you have a President Smith became the first panded program in the Senior Dipartial answer to why he has Utahn to gain membership on the vision to be developed in cooperagained international prominence as executive board of the National tion with the Protestant Churches,

a Scouter, as well as an indication Council. He was appointed to this and as a part of their unified proas to why Utah and the Church lead position in 1931. Since that time gram for youth within the Church.

the world in the percentage of boys he has known personally most of "Dr. Wyland assures me that the

registered as Scouts and Explorers. the national Scouters. He has won CurriculumPlanning Committee of

At the age of twentyone the their love and respect through his the Protestant Churches will have

President was called by the First contributions to the program and real appreciation for the practical

Presidency on a local, shortterm by his personal charm. working plan offered in the Vanmission "to the stakes of Juab, MilThe extent to which the Y.M. guards.

lard, Beaver, and Parowan, to labor M.I.A. and its superintendent con- "We are therefore hopeful that

among the young people."His tributed nationally to the scouting you will see, after a few years, the

special assignment was the Y.M. program is told graphically in a fruits of your labors in a very much

M.I.A. In 1902 he was made letter from James E. West, Chief wider field developed by the Chrissuperintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A. Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts tian Churches generally."

in the Salt Lake Stake, which then of America. It is dated September Two honors came to President

comprised forty wards. 10, 1934, and is addressed to Smith about this time that spotWhen scouting came to America Superintendent Smith: lighted his position in scouting. They

in 1910, President Smith was a "We are very grateful for the were the presentation of the Silver member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and advisor to the M.I.A. He followed closely

the findings of the general board fr... to his enthusiasm for its program must be

members who investigated the prolargely traced the fact that Utah stands above all gram. He also approved the recommendation made in 1912 that it be other states in the percentage of boys who are Scouts."

adopted, as well as the application {From citation read at the ceremonies in Buffalo, for a national charter the following NewhighestYork,awardwhenin scouting,President theSmithSilverreceivedBuffalo)the year.

In 1919, when the Salt Lake Council was formed, President Smith was made a member of the executive board. Last year he was permission extended in your veryBeaver and the Silver Buffalo.

presented with a special thirtyyear- kind letter of August 8, 1934, to use The Silver Beaver, the highest veteran badge for continuous servyour Church Program in Scouting, award that can be bestowed by a ice in that capacity. One of his and especially that phase of it which local council, was first given in

major activities on the board has has to do with the Program of the 1932. President Smith was in the

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COUTER

ssasssastevsaftv

President George Albert Smith with two Explorers who represented Utah at a Region 12 meeting in Hawaii.

"George Albert Smith: Business talked to six thousand stake and

executive, religious leader, former ward leaders in the interest of proPresident of the International Irrimoting the scouting program. He

gation Congress and International was honored at the Silver Jubilee

Dry Farm Congress, Federal Reof Scouting in the Church in 1938 ceiver of Public Moneys and Speand again at a special program held cial Disbursing Agent for the State during June conference in 1948 of Utah. Member of the Quorum when scouting was thirtyfive years

of Twelve Apostles of the Church old in the M.I.A. He backed the

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Centennial Boy Scout Camp held and General Superintendent of the in Salt Lake City during the PioYoung Men's Mutual Improvement neer celebration in 1947.

Association of that Church. OrganPresident Smith served for

izer and President of the Utah several years as chairman of the

Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Asimportant program and resolutions sociation. Member of the National committee of the National Council

Executive Board of the Boy Scouts and has played a prominent part of America, Program Divisional in many of the national annual

Committee, Committee on Relationmeetings.

ships, and of its Region Twelve Although President Smith has

Executive Committee, and identified won more honors, reached higher with its local activities continually places, and done an exceptional almost since its organization. He work in the development of the

best exhe movement, Scout Boy has been indefatigable in serving in program spirit of the the emplifies to his and Scouting, cause of son the McFarland, young President Jimmy with Smith campactions. everyday On a standing McFarland, Mrs. Mr. Grantof and W. be his must for its program enthusiasm

is drink a the Piace"monument. "Thisnear wanted trip if someone ing

largely traced the fact that Utah of water, if there was wood to be stands above all other states in the gathered, if there was food to be

Scouts."are of boys who percentage first respond. to the he was cooked, first year the one winning group betended always were horses President The year following The Council. the Salt Lake from If himself. of thought he fore to the M.I.A. advisor became Smith the later, in 1934, years Two alhelp, he was needed to his someone his time of most devoting

National Council awarded Presiduties as a member and later as ways there.

highBuffalo, Silver the dent Smith the of the of Quorum president to means turn him good The this obtainable. At est decoration the of finally President and Twelve, or for block a ride a a giving man only the man probably time he was posihis retained he But Church. in a helping dog miles, thousand a both States to have in the United L.D.S. active ranking the as tion the or steps, the lady a down need, Buffalo, he and the the and Beaver influence his increased and Scouter a States on United of the President receive to still is very of a few one Council. National the in sharIt means assignment. special citation read awards. The both

at the presentation ceremonies in From October 1937 to June 1938 ing the gospel with others, giving they should chance the youth our Squadron,"Flying "The headed he a few puts into York, Buffalo, New

It salvation. eternal to gain have Scouters who leading of his a group of the highlights of some words

accomplishments up to that time: traveled fortysix hundred miles and is the spirit of the gospel of Christ.

APRIL 1950 George Albert Smith...

&5u /john &L). Ljile5; BUSINESS MANAGER THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

favorite theme of President white neighbors. He has visited

A areGeorgeall brothersAlbert Smithand is:sisters—"We Indianhomes wheneverreservationsthe andopportunityIndian

the children of our Father in has been afforded. He has friends

heaven."in many tribes in various parts of

One of the groups emphasized America. Visits to his office by

frequently as being very close to Indians from nearby and faraway

Latterday Saints is the Lamanites, reservations are frequent, and more mistakenly and unfortunately called than once Indians have been guests

American Indians. in his home.

When George Albert Smith beIn 1941 what is probably the came President of the Church of highlight of President Smith's exJesus Christ of Latterday Saints in perience with his Lamanite friends 1945, one of his first important acoccurred. With two companions

tions was to set up a plan to assist President Smith spent the greater the Lamanites. He went to Washpart of a week among the Hopi and

ington and not only called on the Navajo groups of northern Arizona.

Utah congressional delegation and It was a missionary experience the commissioner of Indian affairs, filled with unusual events. He

but also on the President of the joined a group of missionaries from

United States and other high Snowflake Stake who had been asofficials. signed to work primarily among the

In the Council of the Twelve Hopis and Navajos. His route led

Apostles he set up a committee to through the Indian villages at pay special attention to Indian Indian Wells, Keams Canyon, problems. The committee's assignPolacco, Walpi, Oraibi, Hoteville,

ment included regular and intensive Moencopi, and Tuba City. At each

efforts to give help in every possible of the villages he met not only the way to our Lamanite brethren and chiefs and leading men but also of meeting privilege the field coordinator was requestedsisters. A

tribes, the of members the humble his entire time to devoteappointed and attention to the Indians. The frequently in their homes. When

or as executed bronze statue of Chief Washakie Indians were sick A who found of thegeneral boards Mutual he by Mahonri for the Place "This is M. Young them. age, infirm he blessed from Monument."Associations,Improvement Sunday

School, Relief Society, and Primary, were requested to set up recreational and other special programs, where desirable, for Indian groups.

Several other projects were instituted, all looking toward the betterment of the conditions and broadening the opportunities for selfhelp and development among the people who are now receiving more attention and more favorable consideration in the Church and in the nation than for many years past.

These actions on the part of President Smith were not spontaneous; they were not the result of

a sudden impulse; they were the

product of years of association with a people who have fared so poorly over the years at the hands of their Lamanite Saints from the Washakie Ward visiting the temple grounds.

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RIEND OF THE AMANITES

in the exercises at the unveiling of the "This is the Place"Monument, did. u July 24, 1947, which they

Their smiles of gratitude were more his eyes, stood at that grave in On a visit to Fort Hall, in Idaho, eloquent than the English words Wyoming and listened to an Indian President Smith demonstrated his they were unable to speak could interpreter relate stories concerning understanding of Indian characterpossibly have been. the great warrior, he silently paid istics when Charlie Peterson, chief

Another impressive experience tribute to another of his Lamanite of the intertribal council of the with the Lamanites was at Fort friends. ShoshoneBannock Indians, deWashakie, Wyoming, on the Wind A few minutes later he stood at clined to have his picture taken with

River Reservation in 1946. Coming the grave of Sacajawea who, the the President. After considerable

west along the Mormon Pioneer Indians claim, mistakenly was called reluctance was shown by the chief,

Trail from Nauvoo toward Salt the "Bird Woman"of the Lewis President Smith finally suggested

Lake City with a group of friends, and Clark expedition to the norththe chief be given time to go to his

President Smith stopped at Lander, west in 1804. When he heard of wickiup to change his clothes. With

Wyoming, to secure suitable sleepfutile efforts to have a suitable this suggestion the chief's face ing accommodations. The following monument placed in commemoration brightened, and he and his wife

morning he visited the reservation of the great service she rendered soon reappeared, delighted to have office and then the grave of old to the nation, he repeated a remark their photographs taken.

Chief Washakie, noted Shoshone made by the old scout as he apOn a visit to the Goshutes atleader whose statue stands in an proached the grave—"If Sacajawea western Juab County, near Ibapah,

honored position on the "This is had not been an Indian, a monuUtah, the kind heart of this friend the Place"Monument at the mouth ment would have honored her long of the Lamanites was touched by of Emigration Canyon overlooking ago."President Smith pledged his the conditions under which tl is

the valley of the Great Salt Lake. cooperation, in an effort that has group of "our Father's children"

As President Smith, with tears in been under way for some time, to were compelled to live. The situapay tribute to her in a proper mantion was called to the attention

ner. of proper authorities, and later

At Fort Washakie, President reports indicate that some imSmith talked with several members provement was made. The Indians

of the Church, including Charlie in the Uintah Basin, on the ShivWashakie, son of the famous chief, wit's Reservation, Washington and his wife Ellen. This led to County, Utah, the Piutes in southPresident Smith's request that the ern Utah, and Indian groups in

Washakies be invited to participate (Continued on page 33S)

President Smith bedecked in leJs on leaving

Honolulu in 1936. President Smith at a native feast at the L. D. S. Mission Home in Tonga in 1938.

APRIL 1950 293 DIANE MILLER

M:l. A.

Yieme

,19491950

On his eightieth anniversary

is clean. 66l"owH angelsgloriousis youthandthatnear to'the

This youth has Joy unspeakable here, and eternal happiness

First Presidency. We join in honoring hereafter."—The

Many ways present themselves in

George Albert Smith which to expound our theme, but the one that I have chosen is that

President of of likening fresh clean youth to si flowers with which God has so

The Church of Jesus Christ abundantly blessed us. The garof Latterday Saints denia is a snowy white flower; when

fresh, there is nothing more pure or sweetersmelling than this delicate blossom. In comparison, a glorious

clean character with a fine righteousglow about it is every bit as pure and sweet as the most beautiful

JOHN DEERE PLOW COMPANY begardenia.handledHowever,with care.gardeniasOne carelessmust

Salt Lake City 9, Utah touch will turn a radiantly white petal brown, and for this there is

The Trademark of Quality no cure. The petal may only be

cut away. To the many who

casually view the flower, the missing petal may go unnoticed. But the

Made Famous byGood Implements gardener who has tended the flower (Concluded on page 332) 294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &nwSt/4f $.. tm

wmtiw m-i

IS hundreds of thousands pay honor to il a great Church leader and empire builder on the anniversary of his eightieth birthday, this pioneer sugar company, an empire builder in its own right, adds its tribute of praise and appreciation.

Grandson of George A. Smith, a member of the first company of pioneers to enter

Salt Lake Valley, and of Lorin Farr, one of the founders and first mayor of Ogden,

President George Albert Smith, in his life and his ancestry, represents a true crosssection of the religious, cultural and economic life of the Intermountain West at its best. His distinguished services to western reclamation as president of the International Irrigation Congress and of the combined International Irrigation and Dry Farm Congress in 1915 and

1918, when reclamation policies were being formulated, contributed substantially to the advancement of sugar beet growing in the West.

America's third largest beet sugar company

has its roots in Utah

NOTHER empire builder, though of less venerable age, is The

Amalgamated Sugar Company, which was founded by other pioneer leaders more than half a century ago, and is now the third largest beet sugar company in terms of annual sugar production in the United States.

It numbers among the nine presidents who have directed its growth seven great figures of the past and two who are still living and active in its direction. They are: David Eccles, Henry H.

THE SUGAR BEET Builder of the Mountain West Rolapp, W. H. Wattis, Joseph F. Smith, Anthon

H. Lund. M. S. Browning, Anthony W. Ivins,

Marriner S. Eccles and H. A. Benning.

PURE The Amalgamated Sugar Company SUGARFINE GRANULATED

Home Offices: Ogden, Utah Factories: Utah, Idaho and Oregon

APRIL 1950 295 iSurl Shepherd, CdUof

have a tailored appearance. Fences

in the front are not considered good because they break the continuity of the landscaping of the street. Shrubs

and trees should be chosen which soften the angles of the houseground position, which do not hide the house behind an overgrown forest; the house should appear as

though it were mounted in a "setting."2. The landscaping at the sides

of the house varies with the architectural style of the house and with the width and shape of the lot. Usually the planting at the

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts sides of the house is kept quite

formal. No fences should be on the

ywf in Ljctrden J-tannina side of the house from the house to the street.

BY VERLA BIRRELL 3. The space in the rear of the

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ART IN HOME ECONOMICS, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH house contains various areas: a

work area for clotheslines; a play

SPRING the artminded home- A few points that may be kept area for small children; a parking

IN maker turns her attention to in mind when planning the landarea; and a living area. Often, in

beautification of her yard and scaping for the home are listed beaddition, there is a small area for a garden. Her artistic talents are low: vegetable and flower garden. The

soon recognized when she carries 1. The frontal area of a home is living area is the private and perher activities into the garden of her considered part of the street besonal area and may be landscaped

home. Her neighbors and her famcause it is open to the view of the with flowers, flowering vines, and

ily, too, are aware of the beauty she public. It should, therefore, be flowering shrubs. In this area are

adds to their environment and the landscaped rather formally and patio, barbeque pit, sundial, bird joy that she gives to them in her desire to surround herself with lovely flowers and plants. Landscaping, in one sense, is a community art: Each yard on the street

is a part of the pattern of the entire street; and when the homemaker imBLUEPRINT FOE

proves her property, she is improving the district in which she lives.

A wellplanned garden serves to beautify the interior (by floral arrangements) as well as the exterior S-t-r-e-t-c-h! Yes, that's it he has stretched luxuriantly. And

of the home and brings beauty into start the day right by stretching he takes his time about it. ) If you're

the lives of the family throughout every muscle of your body as feeling a little achy or stiff first the entire year. The homemaker is soon as you awake. Those in the thing in the morning, try these becognizant of this and of the healthy know say it's better to lie in bed fore getting out of your sleeping

mental and emotional benefits which and stretch for a minute than to bag:

come from allowing the family to bound out of bed before your circu- 1. Slowly bend one knee and

assist with planning the garden and lation wakes up. Push down with bring it up to the stomach.

caring for the flowers. Indeed, your legs and reach up with your Then stretch the leg out, heel

landscaping may be an enjoyable arms, pulling your hands and feet first. Repeat, using the opcooperative project for the whole away from the center of the body. posite leg. Repeat the whole

family. Flowers that were planted Y-a-w-n. Stretch, and yawn procedure two or three times.

by individuals can help to stimulate again. Feeling better? (If you need 2. Flatten the back against the

a family interest in gardening and an example, take it from the wise mattress, then hump it a bit, can give each member a gratifying old tomcat, who almost never gets and drop it down flat. Repeat.

feeling of personal pride. excited about life after a nap until {Concluded on page 298)

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Suppose you

shirt couldnt SEE l which is cleaner

—Photograph by Keystone View Co.

bath, lily pond, and other interesting centers of family activity. Since the

trend of current fashion is to live outof-doors every minute that the climate will allow, the outof-door living area is very important. Trees

which offer shade, shrubs which vary in color, flowers which surprise and please the eye are to be found in the livingarea garden.

Guests at a luncheon or members of the family in the cool of the evening are thankful for this beautiful haven. 4. The location of the flowers

and shrubs must be plotted carefully in order that plants which need sun or shade and those which are tall Why.. you could tell by the smell

or short may be placed correctly. The wonderful, clean fragrance of

The lowgrowing plants or flowers a shirt that has been washed with should occupy the front and borders of the flower beds, while the taller FelsNaptha Soap proves that every bit of dirt and and larger plants should be planted perspiration odor has been washed away completely.1

thetoward back according to their And for whiteness.. the improved FelsNaptha you buy heights.respective

5. The entire planting may be today has a new 'sunshine'ingredient that gets white things

plotted on an artistic basis to make shirts, towels, linens—brilliantly, radiantly white.

the garden appear a painting. AlYes, use today's improved FelsNaptha and your white things

lowance should be made for a center of interest in the garden; for a balwill actually radiate new whiteness every time you wash them

arrangements;ance of plant for a REMEMBER—ONLY FELSNAPTHA GIVES YOUvariation of plant texture and color;

and for an interesting arrangement THESE THREE WASHDAY ADVANTAGES:

of lawn patterns, flower beds, etc. Mild / golden soap.

The most graceful line to use in art PLUS.. Gentle, active naptha.

as well as in landscape gardening 7 is one that is slightly curved (exPLUS.. A new, finer 'sunshine ingredient

aggerated curves are not good). that makes white things radiate

6. The garden should be planned new brilliant whiteness!

to furnish seasonal flowers or shrubs the year round. Properly

landscaped, the garden will not only Ask your grocer for make available beautiful plants for Improved FelsNaptha Soap, indoors but will also furnish interfoday.

esting vistas when viewed from the MADE IN PHILA, windows of the home. While

specific instructions for planting and care of each flower cannot be given FelsNaptha Soaphere, there are many good reference (Continued on page 306) BAN/SHESyATTLBTALE GRAY"

APRIL 1950 297

Blueprint For Beauty

( Haven't you seen old torn do THERE'S no halfway (Concluded from page 296) this?

the head slowly head. Rock QUALITY IN TUNA 3. Place the hands behind the three Repeat down. and up

or four times.

Still feeling lazy? Then exert

yourself to a sitting position on the side of the bed, raise arms (but don't tense them ) over the head, and from the waist turn the trunk slowly from side to side. Pull the

spine up from the hips, and reach

If you bought a to the tips of your fingers.

Now, on your feet! With arms

high overhead and fingers spread wide, y-a-w-n and s-t-r-e-t-c-h MILLION CANS once more. With those preliminary

pushups you should be relaxed and they'd all be the same limber, ready to start the day!

it may sound, high quality! As farstretched as

the ability to relax is the great secret of posture, poise, and graceful livTo be sure every tuna dish ing. Authorities on physical culwill be a success always ture are pretty well in accord that

buy "The Brand That stretching exercises, which relieve

Made Tuna Famous."tensions and promote relaxation, are

a vital key to health, naturalness, and control. They are a part, or

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. should be, of that daily exercise

routine which is essential to youthful beauty.

"Slumberstretches,"too, taken

relax and help it drift inthe body PERFORMANCE and BEAUTY just before dropping off to sleep, sleep. to beauty

1. Stretch the entire body, arms

pushed downward, muscles Lrandmen in extended up and out, legs Liat tensed. Twist and turn a bit.

Then relax completely. Repeat.

WE MAKE- 2. Stretch the arms straight up

Vitrified Sewer Pipe from the shoulders. Reach up

that is everlasting;

Face Brick that is first with one arm, then with permanently beautithe other, keeping the shoulder ful. opposite the stretching arm

Uncountable years of down on the bed. Alternate

utility, service and six times, then relax. Repeat.

satisfaction in any 3. Push down hard, first with

clay product wrought one leg, then the other, leading bywith the heel. Give several

good pushes. Then relax.

3 "Yi 4. Clasp the hands behind the

head. Rock the head forward i it sink

Salt '"""'- Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3-2763 backsix times.on the pillow.Then let Office:'".''1078:'""South—1st 'West.. -;"-

Real beauty is the art of finding and being ourselves. And "the first

step in finding and being yourself,"1949 ERA INDEX NOW READY FOR BOUND VOLUMES says one writer, "is finding the body.

>Send 3 cent stamp to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA expression—andIt is after all the instrumentonly to theofextentself50 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah that it is strong, controlled, and re298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

laxed from tension, can it be used adequately."1 The tragedy of life

toois that content we are often or You'll gef more work done easier with a ) with whattoo discouraged we have( found thus far to realize our potentialities through further search.

"Seek and ye shall find!"the scriptures say to all who would be MASSEYHARRIS

beautiful.

Let's stop and consider: Do our TRACTOR AND EQUIPMENT

bodies help us to better express our personalities or do we reluctantly drag them around as hindrances to our better selves? What we can do

towards finding them and improving them, we should. They are temples

of the soul.

References:

Dorothy Nye, Your Aches—What

To Do About Them. Funk &

Wagnalls Co., New York, 1949.

James H. Smith and Natacha Rambova, Technique [or Living. Essential Books, New York, 1944.

1Smith, James H. and Natacha Rambova, Technique /or Living, p. 11.

With a Massey-H arris Tractor and mounted equipment you save time... you save

labor... you do a better

job that can mean bigger yields. Here's why. Massey-Harris power is smooth,

flexible and dependable.

This power on your farm is faster, easier to handle.

Matching the five MasseyHarris Tractors is a complete line of tools for plowing, bedding, planting, cultivating... tools outstanding for

design, engineering and performance. Because of perfect balance

between tractors and tools, you cover more acres with less effort.

Your MasseyHarris dealer will be glad to prove this to you on your

LEMONS and HONEY ownbest fitsfarmyourwithfarm,any oneyourofcrops,the fiveyourbasicneeds.MasseyHarris tractors that

Tn spring our fancy turns to fresh Ask your nearest DEALER for a demonstration food flavors. While many use UTAH COLORADO

Co. Delta—Hunsaker Motor Co. Luis Implement Valley San Alamosa—The daily the yearlemons honey and H Welding & Works Heber-M Brinkley Hardware Craig—Store Kamas—Hoyt's the realize others notround, Service do Implement Junction—Knowles Grand White Logan—Taylor & Service Sales Meeker—Wayne & Monticello—Randall Barton & dressing that zip can lemonadded J. C. Denton Pleasant View—Sunset—and North Ogden Co. Luis Supply Lumber & Luis—San San salad a freshgive to or green a Service Repair Farm Baugh &

flavorful fruit salad. Besides being Payson—Allan'sParowan—ParowanFarmServiceEquipmentCo.

rich in vitamin C, lemons also conSpringRichfield—HarwardCity—Strate'sBrothersGarage WYOMING

tain calcium, iron, and traces of St. George—St. George Service Co. Afton—Valley Tractor & Implement Co.

B-complex vitamins. Honey, a Tremonton—Valley(Wayne Sandall)Implement Co. Casper—Sheridan—CoffeenNoland FeedSalesCompanyCo.

natural sugar and a quick source of energy, also supplies traces of vitaIntermountain Distributor iron, copper, calcium,mins C, B and WESTERN MACHINERY COMPANY minerals. othersodium, and It may

748 West 8th Southbe substituted for sugar in many Salt Lake City 13, Utah recipes by reducing the amount of liquid j/4 cup for each cup of honeyused to replace sugar. MAKE A MASSEYHARRIS

{Continued on following page) APRIL 1950 299 Here is another Lemons and Honey

MASTERMIX Recipe (Continued from preceding page) The

Creamy FruitSalad Dressing Beesley Music Co.

3 tablespoons honey 1 tablespoon lemon juice Heartily Congratulates 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel l/2 cup whipping cream President

George Albert Smith Combine honey, lemon juice, and

First, here is your lemon peel. Fold into whipped cream On His Eightieth Anniversary

Clabber Girl MASTERMIX recipe just before serving on chilled fruit allpurpose ilour sifted cups 6 dressing salad. This leadership separates on His inspired is a

Clabber Girl tablespoons 2 Baking Powder standing and cannot be stored. salt teaspoon i% model for everyone

1 shortening cup

salt together. flour, Sift and baking powder Golden Salad Dressing

Store in shortening. conin covered Cut

tainer in refrigerator. Now try

DATE AMJFFiMS 342 eggs,cup honeyslightly beaten Everything Musical lemon juice cup are ideal to serve 34 These Muffins juice Pianos cup orange supper. for or breakfast, luncheon 34

is the recipe: Here Dash of salt Records 2 cups MasterMix 1 e<jg. well beaten

% cup pitted dates, 1 tablespoon sugar cut in small pieces % cup milk Combine and cook in double boiler Sheet Music

Va, nuts cup chopped until thickened. Chill. Band Instruments into a mixing MasterMix Measure

bowl. Stir in the dates and nuts. Mix

egg, sugar and milk together. Add, all Lemon French Dressing

at once, to the dry mixture. Stir gently

is the flour until only CO. BEESLEY MUSIC salad cup oil (olive, corn, or peamoistened—the 34

Fill will look greased lumpy. batter

oil) nut City 70 Salt Lake 425 So. Main full. at F. pans muffin Bake %

of to 18 minutes. 15 Juice (hot oven) 1 lemon Makes

If plain muffins muffins. 2-inch 1 dozen salt teaspoon 34 the Date use desired, Nut are

teaspoon paprika Muffin. ]/ nuts. dates the and omit recipe but

A Jar of Clabber Girl MasterMix 2 tablespoons catsup (optional) in the refrigerator helps quickly to Shake well together in tightlybake waffles, gingercovered jar.

quickrolls, breads, cookies, and other FOR interesting and ex- L/p* 0/6/ Lemon Dessert Sauce citing homebaked K'iks*tFkBi<'U] products. 1 tablespoon butter SPIRITUAL

1 e99 ATMOSPHERE Guaranteed w cup honey by w.yi % Housekeeping IN THE HOME vGood tablespoons 3 lemon juice

1 tablespoon grated lemon peel Try these inspirational

CLABBER GIRL }/% teaspoon salt recordings

The BAKING POWDER with Melt butter in top of double boiler.

Double Action Balanced The HULMAN AND COMPANY - TEBRE HAUTE. IND. Add beaten egg. Stir in remaining in- "THE KING OF GLORY"

no gredients and cook over boiling water JESSIE EVANS SMITH until thickened, stirring frequently.

Serve hot with cottage pudding, and the steamed pudding, or other desserts TABERNACLE CHOIR which are served warm. Serve chilled "BEHOLD, 'TIS EVENTIDE"

We Have The with chilled desserts. A Magnificent (Solo12"only)record $1.31

ANSWERS Honey Delight SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS To Your of 7 L. D. S. Hymns sung An Album

HEATING PROBLEMS 1 package lemonor orangeflavored Valley Quartet by the Promised$3.95

For Help or Estimates Call gelatin "MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS"5-7597 34 cup boiling water anNineteeneyecatchingcleverly albumdramatized songs for children$3.95in

34 cup honey SMITH'S "JOSEPH STORY"OWN of Juice 34 lemon origin of the building of reading narative and 1 can evaporated milk theA Lynn McKinlay. A. Church by

Graham crackers Three 12"semiflex records with album $5.05

From your record dealer or direct from

HEATING AND AddDissolvehoney gelatinand lemonin boilingjuice andwater.mix RECORDING ARTS, INC.

AIR CONDITIONING well. Fold in evaporated milk that has 19 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah

sales tax customers chilled add been and whipped. this Utah Pour

Mail Orders For 179 MOTOR AVE., SALT LAKE CITY Add Postage into a mixture pan lined that has been

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with graham crackers. Place crushed beaten egg white. Drop by teaspoon sugar and lemon juice and pour honey

crackers on top of mixture and put in on hot greased cooky sheet. Bake in over all. In a bowl mix flour, rerefrigerator to set. Cut into squares. hot oven (425 F.) about 12 minutes. mainder of sugar, and salt, and work

biscuits, a as for the butter making Makes about 2 x/2 dozen cookies. in LemonHoney Drop Cookies these mixture. crumbs Spread crumbly

Honey Apple Crisp evenly over apples and bake in modercups sifted fine whole wheat flour teaspoons baking powder are tender utes, and or until apples cup brown sugar Yz cup shortening withmk 4 cups sliced apples ate oven (375 F.) for 30 or 40 mincrust Serve is browned. warm lemon juice 1 tablespoon

cup honey

1 tablespoon lemon juice J/2 cup honey plain or whipped cream and a dash of flour powdered cinnamon. 1 egg Y2 cup

34 teaspoon salt the are taken recipes from (The above cup butter 34 Sift flour baking and powder. Cream Instiof Honey Madison walnuts (if desired) cookbooks 34 cupshortening thoroughly. and honey Add tute, reprinted Wis., Madison, and

lemon juice. Add egg yolk. Beat well. Spread sliced apples in shallow bakwith its permission)

Add dry ingredients. Fold in stifflying dish, sprinkle with 34 CUP the

U&v*6r.'&* &r>Y'''---'

I indictment of

dl NICI N Dl - - THE DIARY BY RICHARD L EVANS

I HABIT Among the ancient Athenians it is said that Solon invoked a law that penalized people who refused to take sides on disputed principles and public problems. It &<J

himself commit should that a person conviction his was conseAtnnie oi Ljaetz serious of in any question or the other side to one quence instead of standing by in idle indifference. It

sometimes seems so safe, so comfortable, to stand by and f say, "I am neutral. I won't take sides. I can't be bothered.

I'll wait and see what happens."But in a sense there

is no such thing as neutrality when one stands in the midst of something that should or shouldn't be done, and no such thing as justifiable indifference in the presence of any important issue or in the preservation of any important principle. Indeed, indifference may be a great source of

comfort and encouragement to evil and excesses. When

a man wants to do something he shouldn't do, often he

All he assistance. may active our or want need doesn't he's he's come! 'Mother,

If he **lMfOTHER interfere. actively is won't that we to know need as he Glen, shouted come!"

to if wants he violence, to if do steal, wants he to wants requite kitchen, into the rushed that to need know only he law, the may defy or defraud feet. of gardless muddy f in such is doing. I- he And to indifferent what shall be we per- I inquired, come?""Who's assistance. active to amount indifference may circumstances

I for graciously, had not very haps is, sense, in a law, he the sustain doesn't person If a floor. kitchen just that washed is, in a he innocent, the help it. If doesn't he against

sense, assisting the guilty. If he closes his eyes to public "The robin has come, and he's

.- or private perfidy, he is doing his part to make such five days earlier than last year, I

perfidy possible. John the Divine indicted indifference can prove it by my diary,"he added,

bringing out the book for my inneither art thou that works, thy words: "I know these in

1 spection. a or hot."cold Where wert thou hot: I would nor cold

principle is at issue, those who weakly watch and offer When Glen was eight, I bought no assistance to either side have no part with the valianthim a blank book. It was of good

no part either with the victor or the vanquished. They paper and had a substantial cover

are victims of their own evasion—not quite daring to do this was his first diary. In the beright, nor quite wanting to do wrong. To be indifferent ginning, I gave him a little help with

to error or to any evil is to give great comfort and enregard to its use. I suggested that

couragement to error and evil. And in such circumstances, at the top of each page he write

indifference is not neutrality. In such circumstances, inthe month and year, and, in the

difference is an active evil. margin, the days of the month; also,

1Revelation 3:15 that he leave an unused line between

each entry. I insisted that he write

e jpomnSpoken vwurctIA/ofd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE neatly, and I helped him to underBROAD- THE COLUMBIA KSL AND PRESENTED OVER "be of things would stand what sort 5, 1950 SYSTEM, FEBRUARY CASTING [Concluded on page 331)

APRIL 1950 301 Jo \-/ur 5eioued president

tk j resident, &eoraef GEORGE ALBERT SMITH Dear President Smith:

""Phis is your birthday. It should be a happy

day for you. As you look back upon

C\ft the eightieth anniversary of your birthyour life, you may well realize that it has been day we extend to you our love and devoted to righteousness and truth.

congratulations and pray that the Lord will

Your days teach us many a lesson, for bless you always with his choicest blessings.

there is not a place of splendor or a dark

Your love and kindness are known throughcorner on the earth that has not received out the world. Sincere humility and devotion your wonder and pity. You have sought

to the service of the Lord have characterized mankind to bless them. Loyal always to

your life and leadership. right, you have been faithful in meeting your

We extend our love and earnest appreciaduties and responsibilities, and courageous in tion to you and pray that we may have the all your actions. While you have recogprivilege of enjoying you as our Latterday nized the weaknesses of mankind, you have

Prophet for many years to come. recognized the goodness of every individual.

You are greatly loved because you love greatly.

Jhe Council or Jhe Jiveive be Mayfilled yourwith sunlightbirthdayandandhealthall daysand strength.to come

George F. Richards

President Jhe jririt Louncll of Jhe Seventy

LAKEVIEW STAKE

BISHOPS MEET

Group leaders of the high priests quorum of the Lake View (Utah) Stake are following the counsel of their quorum presidency and holding meetings periodically members—theat the homesshutinsof theirbecauseless offortunateage or

physical infirmaties. At a recent meeting, held at the home of Thomas W. Read

in Hooper, seven bishops who have served the Hooper wards were photographed.

Reading from left to right, they are, first row: James R. Beus, Thomas W. Read, J.

Levi Beus. Second row: Floyd D. Fowers

(present bishop of Hooper Second Ward),

Verg Jensen, in whose administration the second ward was created), John D. Hooper,

and Lauren I. Meldrum, present bishop of

Hooper First Ward.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in 1847 wrote: "WhereLincoln Abraham OUTLAW ADVERTISING

liquor as a intoxicating of the use as BEVERAGES ALCOHOLIC pauperism, is of productive beverage

Tn the February number of The Spotourdegradation,duty to discourageand crime,thatandwhichbelievingproducesit is light, Hannah Jordet Ericson wrote N0more evil than good, we therefore pledge the following: ourselves to abstain from the use of in-

i toxicating liquors as a beverage."I stand

Advertising is the backbone, life, and with Abraham Lincoln, the great emancifuture of the liquor traffic. It has done LIQUORpator from the slavery of man to man,

more than anything else to increase liquor and of man to narcotic drugs. Furtherconsumption, make millions of drink vicmore, we know that alcohol is a narcotic

tims, and create a tolerant attitude toward drug which makes drunkards out of onedrinking and drunkenness. Are American I0BACC0 of every fifteen or twenty social drinkers.

citizens treated justly when an industry We know that there are now about one is permitted to spend one hundred fifty million addicts and three million excessivemillion dollars a year to make a narcotic COLUMN users of alcoholic beverages in our country.

poison, a habitforming drug, attractive to We know that the only difference between young and old? Is it fair to allow the morphine on the one hand and alcohol on

brewers and distillers to make use of the other is that alcohol is less habitevery medium and cunning device to deforming than morphine. We know that

ceive our people and to make their allurabout seventy percent of drunkards started ing appeals to our homes, youth, mothers, fathers, health, sociability, appetite, etc.? CONDUCTED BY tothatdrinkwe duringdo not theiradvertiseteen age.morphine,We knowmariAre we using our common sense when DR. JOSEPH F. huana, or any other habitforming and

the sales help to increase of awe lives, comMERRILL physicallyand-mentallydegradingexcept alcohol. It is difficult to acknowlnarcotic that ruined causes wreckedmodity

homes, automobile tragedies, vice, crime, edge the rationality of a society which poverty, and suffering; and which is a would allow advertisements to increase the

great handicap to the advancement of eduuse of a beverage which makes physically out of slaves deteriorated mentallycation, inventions, other worthy and and every the beverage. the users of twenty of let the v.-,.-V'--\-v i-"-"U*.-\w- J Shall one inachievement of man? we

brewers broadcast in thousands of publica- I can only believe, therefore, that our advertising and are by seduced people their falsetions help that claims they pay of chance good a have bills. these They billion nine almost furto spend taxes, reduceour unemployment, propaganda and

number large if a however, passing, the brain to impair alcohol and facts for on yearnish products, markets farm of a when send letters and personal write people billion a is sleep, three only it to that put the the andprove exactly opposite case? telegrams, resolutions, and petitions from year to educate and awaken the brain.

organizations and other the consumption the congregations Moreover, their know that we to According own figures,

These urging their passage. is the cause of at alcoholic beverage should be of about two billion industry paysliquor

and Senate U.S. to the at once sent acciof automobile percent Repleast twenty to all of governin ourdollars revenue Senate district, c/o your from intoxicaalcoholic that dents. cost crime resentative of This means estimated lowestments. The Washington, Building, Office or House people in injury the billion tion resulted is fifteen of more yearin every our country

dollars, or about one hundred twenty D. C. during the years of the war than were

dollars for every man, woman, and child; Everyone can help discourage liquor injured in all of our armed forces during

gambling costs us ten billion dollars; vice, advertising by writing newspapers, periodthe years of the war. It is generally

traffic accidents, relief, cost several billions icals, radio stations, and motion picture acknowledged that alcohol consumption more. These evils are in part caused and producers, protesting having liquor made increases divorces, venereal diseases, ilgreatly increased by drink, and the huge attractive to our youth and in our homes. legitimate births, sexual promiscuity, vice

sums of money spent on them should go These naturally wish to please their and crime in general, poverty, the mortality for necessities and comforts to help stimupatrons, so if enough people expressed from many diseases, and other forms late legitimate industries. If this were their disapproval of such advertising, it of human misery. It is tragic to advertise

done, our tax burden in peacetime would would go far to eliminate it. Let us also and encourage the use of a beverage that

be greatly diminished. express our appreciation to those who reis the source of so much evil and misery.

for such a year dollars of I thousands fuse the that and believe Congress cannot Statistical 1017, Abstract S. U. The

their readers to give in order advertising of the the people majority American knowdollars million 196, says, every "Forpage us not Let paper. acceptable alcoclean and a desire to ingly more have more and 78 the brewersinvested employ wage

but done, be should what about read only holic sold more beverages more and and in other dollars millionearners, the while industries employs 318 workers,"more also let us act. drunkards produced and more and more

than four times as many. If the huge human misery engendered, all of which

sums wasted on liquor and its accompanyare the natural consequences of the plethora ing evils were spent on necessities and HEARING BY A SENATE of seductive advertising now being respread among farmers, businessmen, and COMMITTEE leased by way of the radio, movie screen, laborers instead of going to the booze magazines, newspapers, signboards, and barons and penal institutions, it would A U. S. Senate committee gave a every imaginable advertising medium.

put this country on the road to peace, public hearing last January 12, 13, and prosperity, and plenty. 14 on the Langer Bill to outlaw adverYou who read this column: What

There are before the present Congress tising alcoholic beverages (S-1847). can you do about banishing liquor ads?

senators and to the can write in interbills to transportation prohibit You witnesses sixtyone the who Among state and your from representativesstate liquor advertising and of commerce Dr. bill was support the to registered

air: their its the broadcasting overto districts stop The ask and Chicongressional vicepresident, Ivy, C.

in Bill {S. the the Andrew Senate and bill. 1847)hanger similar or of the Langer support DepartColleges, Professional cago the in Bill House. (H. 2428)Bryson R. interstate If all making favor who University Science, Clinical of ment bills set these for were JanuaryHearings on this, illegal do advertising would liquor recognized Illinois, nationally a of life future 13, the 1950. Since 12 and and law; likely bill become a would such as follows spoke authority, traffic liquor the depends very who ofprosperity

for slim, are chances the otherwise, their advertising, largely making on products popular, you may be sure they I urge that Senate Bill 1847 [the Langer the financial power of the liquor inwill leave no stone unturned to defeat Bill] do pass for the following reasons: terests is very great.

APRIL 1950 303 Our TRIBUTE to Ward Officers and Teachers

Meeting Is Not Ward Youth (resident Ljeorae Artbert Smith Leadership Meeting

An increasing number of reports indicate that some bishops are holding a sort of combination ward officers and teachers meeting and ward youth

IJvery man is remembered, in leadership meeting and reporting both one way or another, by someone. meetings held.

He is remembered either for his These two meetings are entirely wickedness, his righteousness, or separate and apart from each other for his the unnumconduct on depths and have no relationship whatever, one levels these between bered and heights in human behavior. to the other.

for credit desire that be taken We of the memory Time may erase leaderof the the holding ward youth will eternity one's person, but perpetuate the impact of his life ship meeting only when such meeting upon individuals and upon sucis held entirely separate from any other ceeding generations. meeting, and when it is conducted as

It is in recognition of these outlined in the Aaronic Priesthood facts that we and our associates Handbook.

in the office of the Presiding It will be very much appreciated if

Bishopric take delight in paying tribute to our beloved President stake Aaronic Priesthood committees

George Albert Smith on the eightieth anniversary of his birth. will make a full investigation of this

Centuries will pass into oblivion; we will pay but little heed matter in the wards and render whatto the fleeting millenniums of time; but while these pass and ever assistance bishoprics may need

multiply themselves into eternities, the influence of the life of in setting up this feature of the work

President George Albert Smith will go about lifting and blessing as recommended.

men's souls forever.

The Lord never intended that the effects of love and of kindness should perish with the passing of their practitioner; their

sphere of influence is unacquainted with time; they have ever El Paso Branch, Spanishbeen the bosom companions of eternity.

Since love and kindness are coeternal with God, so must American Mission, Reports First be the life whose days, months, and years have been dedicated to the living of these divine standards among the children of men. Deacons Quorum Organized

influence the destroy could of President then ever What Smith's A bit of encouraging news comes life living of these virtues to has be the symbol which come virtues which are as much a part of God and eternity as are now from the El Paso Branch of breath and life? President Smith will live forever in hearts the SpanishAmerican Mission. Note

warmed by his unfeigned love and moved by his unmeasured the breath of enthusiasm in the account kindness. Uncounted souls will rise higher because he lived just received:

among men.

We thank our Heavenly Father for our prophet, seer, and Recently at a special priesthood meeting revelator. We pray that the years may be gentle as they take in the El Paso Branch attended by more

their inevitable toll in strength and vitality. We pray that his than thirty of. the local priesthood memso'ourn may be prolonged until we learn more fully, through bers, a deacons quorum was organized.

emulating his example, the generating power of love for one The El Paso Branch enjoys the distincanother and the congenial effects of kindness toward our tion of being the first within the Spanishfellow men. American Mission... to have an organized

deacons quorum consisting of the full quorum strength of twelve members.

Interest in priesthood work has increased greatly within the SpanishAmerican Mission during the past few years. The increased interest is evident both among

those of the Melchizedek Priesthood, as well as among those of the Aaronic Priesthood group. During the year 1949, the

77? e P>resic//nq B/'shopr/G mission showed an increase in those holding the priesthood, as follows: seventeen

elders; twentynine priests; twentynine

teachers; thirtyfour deacons; or a total

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J-repared bu cU.ee M. j-awmer

Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood Restoration to Be Emphasized in Narrative

Stake Committeeman Specializes Caturday and Sunday, May 1314, author has detailed, in moving words 1950, have been designated for and phrases, the great part played by on Overage Deacons commemorating the restoration of the the priesthood of God in the laying of

Arlando Erickson of the CottonAaronicStake Priesthood.and ward committees are theing forwardfoundationsthe worksof the ofearth,righteousnessin carrywood (Utah) Stake high council, urged to plan suitable outdoor activiin the several gospel dispensations

and a member of the stake Aaronic ties, pilgrimages, or other events for since the time of Adam, and in prePriesthood committee in charge of Saturday which will provide the action paring the way for the second coming deacons, recently visited the Presiding feature of our annual celebration. of the Redeemer of the world.

Bishop's Office. He came in to inWhether such events are planned on a The narrative has been provided,

quire about some features of the prostake or ward basis is left to local by the author, with a specially pregram and finished the interview with authorities. pared background of vocal and instruthis challenging and inspiring stateIt is suggested that automobile caramental music well within the voice

ment: vans be avoided. Travel by automorange of Aaronic Priesthood singing

In my work, I am going to specialize bile is not discouraged, but automobile groups.

the fifteen of the deacon ageson between are not should caravans and hazardous PriestAaronic numbers from Two is It years. really twentyone tooand bad undertaken. be will in the included choruses be hoodthat to attention so little paid so have we

First the of the Presiapproval With ) Susquescore music Lovely On: ( 1 boys have not advanced been whomany

in the priesthood when they should have dency, the sacrament meeting held in hanna's Banks; (2) Song of Triumph.

been. each ward on Sunday, May 14, is to N. Lorenzo Mitchell worked with

Brother Erickson's attitude was full be given over to the Aaronic Priesthood the author in arranging the musical of warmth, the kind of warmth that for again bringing to the attention of score for young voices. Lynn A.

raises havoc with the bitter effects of the Saints the blessings growing out McKinlay prepared appropriate sugcold indifference or forgetfulness toof that great event when John the gestions to the narrator for giving due ward the erring ones, quite different Baptist conferred the Aaronic Priestemphasis and proper interpretation.

hood on Joseph Smith and Oliverfrom the attitude of wanting to enrol

Cowdery, May 15, 1829. Wards in Narrative With Music To Bethem in a quorum by themselves where

holding stakes quarterly a conference Presented During Sacrament the activethey won't hold back 14 will out carry deaon this program May Meeting age. ofcons under fifteen years

on either the preceding or succeeding for excellent others lead is an Here

Sunday. It is suggested that the narrative,

in their please the Lord wouldwho leadership of boys. with music, be presented in every ward

Narrative of the Restoration of the Church during the sacrament

This year we make a striking demeetingwill followof Mayimmediately14. Theafterpresentationthe reguincrease of one hundred and nine, making parture from the procedure of the lar opening exercises and the adminis-

a total of four hundred sixtysix priesthood past several years in our sacrament tration of the sacrament and will members in the entire mission. meeting program for this event. occupy the remainder of the time exThis is good word from the mission Responding to a special invitation cepting only the benediction. Forty

field. It is encouraging to note the from the Presiding Bishopric, Luacine minutes are required for the entire

spread of Aaronic Priesthood work in Clark Fox has prepared a narrative presentation. The narrative has been

the missions of the Church. entitled "The Morning Breaks."The prepared for presentation in the chapel.

hall, scenery, recreation or other The

DEACONS QUORUM, EL PASO BRANCH, SPANISHAMERICAN MISSION facilities will not stage be required.

president; flares, Lailo Florencia Acereto, Ricardo Enrique Avena, Back row: Umberto Amparan,

first Garza, Walton, A special order blank has been counselor. Estrada, Elizandro counselor; Eduardo Front row:Valdamero Rascon, second

Simon Caldera, Rodolfo Sotelo, secretary; Guillermo Balderas, Jr., Norman Huchins. supplied each bishop for ordering the

copies desired. The bishop should

order one copy each for the narrator, chorister, and organist, and one copy for each two members of the chorus.

Each copy is a complete running score of both the spoken word and the special music. There is no charge for

this material.

Wards not having copies of the book Aaronic Priesthood Choruses will need one copy for each two members of the chorus since two numbers are taken from this publication. Aaronic

Priesthood Choruses are priced at seventyfive cents each postpaid.

APRIL 1950 305 Art in Garden Planning

(Continued from page 297)ONE TASTE TELLS YOU WHY books on the subject. The following chart gives the various flowers,

shrubs, and trees which are in bloom or are otherwise colorfulTHIS IS UTAH'S FAVORITE! during special seasons of the year.

No ordinary white bread can compare with SPRING this better tasting Potato Bread made by a new secret recipe. TREES

It's culturized!

Redbud Fruit blossoms Japanese Cherry Flowering Crab Dogwood Hawthorne Catalpa

SHRUBS

Forsythia Flowering Quince Fire Bush Mock Orange Lilac Snowball ***< Another GOOD Bread Spirea

From the New -Quarter -Million -Dollar FLOWERS Baking Ovens of

Utah's HomeOwned, Independent Crocus

Fisher Baking Company Violet Daffodil Tulip Hyacinth Narcissus Columbine Iris Peony Poppy Lily

SUMMER

TREES

Koelreuteria Sophora Jacaranda (warm climate) Yellow Locust Purple Leaf Plum

SHRUBS

Hibiscus (warm climate) Vitex Buddleia Hypericum Jasmine Insist on Standard I (warm climate) "Guaranteed Glasses FLOWERS

Pink Pay Nothing Down, $1 A Week Japanese Iris

Shasta Daisy Wallflower Day Lily StanilartL Phlox and Stocks

MDDERN DFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST (Concluded on page 308) 306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA naturally

...the most talkedabout train

in the country!

mil

You seem to be gliding through space, smoothly and silently...you

lookout (and up and down!) at the

magnificent mountain scenery on all sides. Hour after hour, mile after mile,

you sit and marvel at the spectacular beauty of the High Sierra and the

Colorado Rockies... happy indeed

you're on the only transcontinental train with the amazing VistaDomes.

THE VISTA DOME

Daily between Salt Lake City and San Francisco via Western Pacific;

between Salt Lake City and Chicago via Rio Grande and Burlington

Write Dept. t. E., Western Pacific, 526 Mission St., San Francisco, California

Art in Garden Planning

( Concluded from page 306 Foxglove Painted Daisy Petunia Delphinium Coreopsis Larkspur Canterbury Bell Rose

FALL

TREES

Red or Yellow Maple Sweet Gum Sumac Tulip Tree Birch

SHRUBS

Complete Education Pyracantha It is men like our fine Cotoneaster (has red fruits) leader. President George Coral Berry

Albert Smith, now reachSnowberry ing his eightieth birthElderberry day, who best exemplify the educational standFLOWERS ards of his people: Only

that education which AsterZinnia best fits a man to live Petunia usefully and in harmony Marigold with his fellows and with Painted Tongue his Maker is complete Calendula education. Dahlia

Japanese Wind Flower Chrysanthemum

WINTER

TREES

Holly Evergreen Hawthorne Mountain Ash

SHRUBS

PROFITABLE DAYS Oregon Grape AHEAD FOR RoseBarberryHaws Bittersweet Vine PIKES PEAR QUISH

FLOUR GRADUATES FLOWERS With FOUR trainingCapitalizenow! onYou'llQUISHbe a Geranium

Extra Baking competentgraduated.beauticianQUISH whenproBegonia

vides technical with you Ivy Advantages skill and knowledge gained ENROLL

Philodendron in 25 SEND FOR MILLS NOW FREE SALT FLOUR LAKE TODAY! years.CATALOG Coleus 425 5th South West

Salt Lake City, Utah Caladium Bulb plants African Violet 308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

APRIL 1950 309.

Humor-A Way of Life (Continued from page 274) "So, my dear,"President Smith said, "you mustn't be too hard on the child. She's only taking

after her grandfather."

As a young man President Smith also was much sought after as an entertainer. In addition to his keen

wit he excelled on the guitar and the banjo.

Even in time of stress President

Smith can always see the humorous side of the situation. A few years

ago he had an infection which the doctor decided to treat with the new sulfa drug which had recently come on the market. No sooner

had the sulfa been taken than President Smith reacted violently to it. The family hurriedly sent

for the doctor. When he arrived,

"Continental manner! Bah, him and his grand flourishes.. he said, "We have to expect this

learned anybody can make those glamorous salads with StarKist Tuna! 'reaction at times. We have

that one out of twelve can't tolerate

Any salad tastes better, StarKist Tuna and your sulfa."President Smith, ill as he

naturally, when you make it best recipes will taste better. was, looked up at the doctor with

with StarKist Tuna! Only They'll have better flavor, StarKist a twinkle in his eyes and said,

the smaller, naturally betterfiner texture, and more eye- "That's right; you see I'm one of the

tasting tuna are packed unappeal. Try it! Get StarKist Tuna twelve."At the time he was a

der this quality label. Use Tuna today! member of the Council of the

Twelve Apostles.

When he was desperately ill in

California, an ambulance was called to remove him to the hospital. On TRAVEL the way to the hospital his secretary

said, "How do you feel?"President

Smith answered, "I am like the man who fell from the top of a tall building, and a man standing by the window called out asking how he

WE HAVE THE was. 'Well, I'm all right so far,'he

WORLD answered."

ON DISPLAY During his public work, Presitarget often the Smith was IN OUR dent FEDERALLY INSURED SHOP a natural for caricaturists. was He

Department Store of Travel for barbs, since he was tall, thin,

Available.... Among Our Services and wore glasses at a time when

ACCOMODATIONS glasses were rather uncommon. AlYour thrift account is protected PASSPORTS AND VISAS though his family felt somewhat

at The American by a record for AGENTS FOR WORLDWIDE TRAVELhurt by these sketches, President always paying investors immedSTEAMSHIP LINESAIRLINES Smith saw the humorous side of iately—on demand. Investigate RAILROADS them and tried to comfort his family

so that they wouldn't feel so bad the extra advantages you get at Our Service Costs You about them.

this 27year old institution. Come Nothing President Smith has always been

in today. solicitous of young folk everywhere.

Write or Phone His many years as general superinPHONE 9-8701 UNIVERSAL tendent of the Young Men's 17 East First South St. Mutual Improvement Association

TRAVEL SERVICE have given him a vision and underAMERICAN SAVINGSAMERICANS. LOAN ASSOCIATIONSAVINGSSALT LAKE CITY Mezzanine DialHotel33419Temple Square standingYouth hasof youthkept himand itsyoung,problems.and

youth in turn has benefited by his 310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

young views. At a fair or an exposition, President Smith is the firstto see the new inventions, the apLOW-COSTparatuses which will modify the IT'S CASE TRACTOR

perspective—which,future. He has neverafterlost all,youthfulis the MAKES FARMING

true definition of humor: that itlooks to the future always, firmly NEW FAR EASIER

cognizant of the past.

President Smith's humor roots from all the experiences of life. His

deep capacity for joy has been determined by his experiences ofsorrow. His anecdotes and stories Implements Mount

are of the kindly sort that bring relief from heartache or encourage those who most need encouragein a MINUTEment. His humor warms the heart

and makes all who experience itknow that it opens a happy way of FROM life. TRACTOR

SEAT Sharing the Gospel Simplest 3-point HookWith Others Up you ever saw. Just

pull cord to open latches (Continued from page 271—touch hydraulic control

to engage Eagle Hitchhim toured the southern continent. slip in one pin—and go!

Melbourne, Tasmania, Adelaide,

Brisbane, and Perth were visited, and meetings were held with Saints, missionaries, and friends.

After spending a month in Australia, the brethren sailed to

New Zealand, landing at the mi's- sion headquarters in Auckland. IMPROVED MODEL

Here, among the Maori people, they found a large group of Latterday

Saints. A threeday conference was

held, with over three thousand Eagle Hitchmembers in attendance. Other NEW

places visited during the tour were

Wellington and Palmerton. LatchOn Implements After completing a visit to NEW

New Zealand, President Smith a localand Alexander elder named Hydraulic Control a tourWishart made of the NEW

Tongan Islands. Elder Hardy

. PASTE ON PENNY POST CARDwas ill and remained in New OalreadyNow thethe Case"mostModeltractor"VAC".for the

Zealand; however, he recovered in money in the lowcost class"... gives Mark machines that interest you;

time to join President Smith and a great new value you can't get in WriteMail toin marginJ, I. CaseothersCo.,you Dept,need;

spend a month with him in a tour any other tractor at any price. Its D-44, Racine, Wis.

of the Samoan Islands. Shortly hookupnew EagletoHitcha plowgivesoryouothera 3-pointrearafterwards, the two missionaries mounted implement in one minute D 2-PIow"VACi'tractor

Larger 2-Plow "SC"sailed for home and arrived at Los—and you don't even need to get off D

Angeles on July 11. Three days the tractor seat. D 3-PIow "DC"tractor

4-5 tractor "LA"Plow Qlater their they families with were their hold plows LatchOn New Plows Tractor Din Salt spots City. and hard regardless President of depth Lake Smith

Drills Grain D depth at even uneven six beenhad absent ground—work months and Precision Planters D deadfurrows across over rows, old traveled miles.had 27,000 hyterrace ridges! and Brandnew

In reporting his mission at the draulic control with enginedriven NAME in conferenceOctober 1938, Presipump PQSTQFFICE gears—worksis independentfast movingof orclutchstanding.and thedent Smith following made dealer—learn how RED STATEstatement: littleSee yourit costsCaseto own a "VAC."

(Concluded on following page),

APRIL 1950 311 Sharing the Gospel

With Others

{Concluded from preceding page)

Our missionary work is wonderful. We

found your sons and your daughters in fa the various islands of the South Seas, and we are proud of "them, as you must be.... The work of the Lord goes

forward in the South Pacific. The Polyof our children the are all people V i nesian privilege and It is your Father. Heavenly

mine to share with them the gospel of our

Lord and to carry the message of life and salvation to them, not only for their benefit but also to earn our own exaltation. We

fc,| sessi kingdomshare withonlyour onFather'sthe conditionother childrenthat thewe M* will attain our exaltation in the celestial blessings of the gospel of our Lord and to that will enthe commandments observe trave1 time ndab\e here and hereafter. 1 rich our lives!4ave CY.OeP ( qbiluhgs VoV<

o D AV *- foSo7T a r.EN

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith {Continued from page 275) until the year 1940 when it ceased publication.

One of many incidents will show how the inspiration of the Lord does rest upon Brother Smith in respect to this genealogical work. Shortly

(HALLtNCH o—o II had started, oiimuo after World War MONARCH

Brother Archibald F. Bennett reJust Released ported to the board of directors of

THE SECOND TABERNACLE CHOIR ALBUM theforts Genealogicalto continue negotiationsSociety thatwithefon Denmark to obtain microfilm copies of its vital records had been interrupted, and the outbreak of war had also caused England to refuse its vital of copying the privilege us Columbia Records disrecords. This report was very

HEAR THESE INSPIRING ANTHEMS: turbing to the board, and expresLet the Mountains Shout for Joy Rise! Up! Arise! sions of concern for the preservation

Now the Day Is Over Hail Bright Abode and obtaining of records were made.

Hallelujah Chorus Out of the Silence Elder Smith was very quiet and

Jesu, Word of God Incarnate Achieved Is the Glorious Work then expressed his feeling that the

Hear My Supplication outcome of the war would render

Both volumes I and II available on regular and LongPlaying records. these records available to us which

could not then be obtained. He

CO., MUSIC SEND COUPON DAYNES 47 South Main said: "The Lord will look after his

City 1, Utah Salt Lake WE PAY POSTAGE IN THE UNITED STATES Please send: own."The collecting of millions of

I vol. $6.00 Choir Album, @ counother these and from names 7"autoPlay LP. on Columbia the Hits Hear II vol. $6.00 Choir Album, @

Records $3.85 Playing the literal Long tries of shows Europe R.P.M. 33V3 changers, LP matically on new

tax In Utah, add 2% to this inspiration of fulfilment Less. LP Suparb Costs speed. Standard One

quality. No "buttons"or gadgets required. NAME Brother Smith.

Complete catalogue—all time standards, latSTREET Elder Smith's greatest desire for

est pops and short classics. CITY & STATE these two Church institutions over

which he is appointed to preside is for them to fulfil to the utmost the purposes for which they were established.jbaynet fffusic Co. Elder Smith is the author of the

p 4547 SO. ITIRin ST., SRLT LAKE CITY | following"Asael Smithbooks{Continuedof Topsfleld,"and onpamphlets:page"Blood314)

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LEADERS 7'WO GREAT On October 1, 1873, a great leader organized the Zion's Bank and Trust Company.

That leader was Brigham Young.

Even in that early day the founders of this bank foresaw a great industrial Utah. A

Utah with valleys rich with diversified agricultural wealth, mines yielding rich treasures, ranges covered with livestock, and cities and towns teeming with industry.

These early leaders recognized the great potential wealth of a then undeveloped country, and they saw with prophetic clearness, the necessity of providing the means of financing this development.

For a period of over 76 years, no other financial institution has helped more in the progress of this state. Yes, a great leader founded this bank.

Today, as in the beginning, another great leader, George Albert Smith, as president, capably guides and directs the policies of this financial institution.

Under President Smith's inspiring leadership, Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Company continues to financially serve the people of Utah communities, to assist them in the future growth and development of the present, and greater Utah yet to come.

TRUSTS SAVINGS

MORTGAGE LOANS SMALL LOANS

iiiromiKsgfmM*4 AN#TRl)SPCOMPANY NUMBER ONE SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

George Albert Smith, Pres. Established 1873

Now in Our 76th Consecutive Year of Service

APRIL 1950 313 s % Congratulations EIDER JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH {Continued from page 312) the Dead,"Life of Joseph b. Smith,

to Our Atonement and the Origin of "Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums

Plural Marriage,""Salvation UniCourse of Study,""Origin of the

Leader versal,""The Hundredth AnniverReorganized Church and the Quessary of the Mormon Church,"tion of Succession,""The Pearl of "Elijah the Prophet and His MisGreat Price,"The Progress of sion,"Essentials in Church History, Man, "Reorganized Church vs Sal- "Faith Leads to a Fulness of Truth vation for the Dead,"The jResand Righteousness,""Salvation for toration of All Things, The Signs

<<'-V-'-.t<!<v

f"

Jke \csjivieiUontit "CONSENT a BY RICHARD L. EVANS

"No man is good enough1 to govern another man & without that other's consent,"This sentence, spoken by &

is principle freedom where an accepted which Abrahamsent"—Lincoln, brings before us the question of "conthe 5 freed prevails, premise which Lincoln upon and the

slaves to live as free men among us. In a society comPresident mitted to freedom, the principle of consent is conceded. \

But there may be many ways of winning "consent,"and sometimes the person who gives consent doesn't see the

Smith position in which he is placing himself; he doesn't see

the end from the beginning. And the things to which

Our sincerest wishes people sometimes give their consent, against their own for many years of conultimate interest, can therefore be a matter of serious tinued health, happiness concern. Of course there is cause for much concern when

and success. people lose their freedom by force, when people fight for

freedom and lose their fight, when people are forcibly enPUBLISHERS OF FINE slaved. But, pathetic as their plight may be, there is this

L. D. S. BOOKS in their favor: at least they are alert to their situation i

which isn't so with those who are shackled while they J are asleep. In a sense, Samson consented to his own en-?

j vailed by force. But he betrayed himself for false and Bookcraft slavement. He had powers against which no man pre-?

1186 South Main y subtle favors and was stripped of his strength in slumber- y

Salt Lake City, Utah y ing submission. Men are sometimes willing slaves at y

first, until the full effect of their position becomes apparent, y\ y They sometimes willingly succumb to enslaving habits.

And of course there isn't much at the moment that one can do for a man who willingly becomes a slave—except &

to try to wake him to the facts and full effects before it is & too late. Again, let it be said: The things men find them- &

selves fighting against may be a matter of serious concern. &

But the things to which they complacently give consent may be a matter of much more serious concern. And no

man in his right senses will give up his right to consent or?

not to consent, and no society of men in their right senses will allow themselves, like Samson, to enjoy the sweet 2 slumber that is followed by a.shocked awakening and a

painful repentance. y

speech at Peoria. 111., October 16, 1854

Visit Our New MOTORMART GARDEN Jke Spoken io/ofd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE 550 South 6th East PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM. FEBRUARY 12, 1950

Dept. PORTERWALTONE., Box 1619 Salt LakeCO.Ctty 11

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Times, Teachings of theProphet Joseph Smith, and The MMMWaMM to Perfection.Way THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANNOUNCES—All of these books and pamphlets

written clearare in a very and interesting al- A MEMORABLE contents manner. The

so show that Brother Smith is a scholar with a very profound underCHURCH HISTORY TOUR standing of the doctrines and hisItory of the Church. Interesting—Educational—Inspirational 1

Elder Smith has a large family of I sons, daughters, and grandchildren, 1 all of whom dearly love their father In Whitingham, Vermont—for the un- 1

grandfather renderand and him veiling of at Brigham the monument I respect,honor, devotion. and Few Birthplace, Young's I May 29. love childrenmen wife and as does

Brother Smith. He treats them I

with the greatest consideration, In Washington, D.C.—for the un- 1

honor, and respect. Sister Smith is veiling of the Brigham Young Statue I

greatly beloved by all who know in Statuary Hall, in the National Capi- E her; and her remarkable voice has tol, June 1. I

brought solace to many who sorrow I and brings joy to all those who listen to her sing. BRIGHAM YOUNG STATUE i

In the year Elder 1 896 reSmith VISITING EN i ROUTE—(Tentative)ceived a patriarchal blessing from

Points Pioneer Trail on the Salt between Royalton i Smith, the City Patriarch the to including andJohn Lake Fort Nauvoo South Royalton

Church. The following, by perBridger,Scott's Bluff,IndependenceFremont, Mt.Rock,PisgahCasper,and TunbridgeJoseph Smith Memorial Cottage

mission of Elder Smith, is copied WinterGarden QuartersGroveLebanonand Monument(N. H.) i

from that blessing: Montrose Hanover (N. H.

Keokuk Whitingham I Nauvoo Albany art numbered Thou the sons of among Carthage Oneonta | PointsZion, is on Zion Camp Route Bainbridge of expected. much whom Thy

Kirtland (Afton) South Bainbridge I is written in thename Lamb's of Book ( Colesville Rochester Nineveh shall Niagara "Wilderness"Life Susquehanna registered in and be the chroni- 1 Victor Falls Harmony cles fathers of thy It thy brethren. with River Mendon Hudson i privilege is thy live to to Palmyra City York old a good New age

and the will of the Lord that you should HillSacredCumorahGrove Washington,St. Louis D.C.

become a mighty man in Israel. Therefore, Manchester Kansas City

I say unto thee, reflect often upon the WaterlooCanandaigua IndependenceLiberty past, present, and future. If thou shalt Fayette (Town) Richmond

Aurelius (Half Acre) Far West gain of the experience wisdom past, by the

Auburn Adamondi-Airman shalt realize thatthou of the the hand Port Byron St. Joseph

Kirtland Platte North has been thee is overLord and for good,

Bethel Cheyenne life that thy preserved has for beenand a wise purpose. Thou shalt realize also

that thou hast much to do in order to It is planned to leave Salt Lake City, May 20 complete thy mission upon the earth. It and return June 8.

shall be thy duty to sit in counsel with thy Cost including transportation and hotels ( not brethren and to preside among the people. meals) will be $258.50 per person.

It shall be thy duty also to travel much Official guide for the tour will be John D. Giles.

at home and abroad, by land and water, Reservations will be limited by accommodations laboring in the ministry, and I say unto available.

thee, hold up thy head, lift up thy voice This tour is a part of The Improvement Era without fear or favor as the Spirit of the Travel Service. Watch for sectional maps and

Lord shall direct, and the blessing of the guide information covering points of major interest

Lord shall rest upon thee. His Spirit shall in Church History. One section is presented each

direct thy mind and give the word and month.

sentiment that thou shalt confound the wisdom of the wicked and set at nought BRIGHAM YOUNG MONUMENT the councils of the unjust.

Further details and reservations from

Early in the year 1910 PresidentJohn R. Winder, a great and good THE AMERICAN EXPRESS CO.

man, passed from this life. His 44 WEST 2nd SOUTH

position as a counselor to President

Joseph F. Smith was filled by thechoosing and sustaining of Elder THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

John Henry Smith as a counselor to 50 NORTH MAIN STREET

President Smith. Also at this April SALT LAKE CITY

conference of 1910 Elder Joseph {Continued on following page) MMgmsg5BggmgBMmimMMi

APRIL 1950 315 PROVE FREEElder Joseph Fielding Smith {Continued from preceding page) HOW QUICKLY YOU CAN

LEARN A FOREIGN ApostleFielding toSmithfill thewasvacancychosenin thean Thrift and fulfillof LANGUAGE ingQuorumpart ofof thatthe Twelve,inspired thuspromise

IN YOUR OWN HOME the patriarch. Foresight

Faster, Easier than Ever Before!

Alone—with Friends or Family It is now forty years since Elder

Learn to Speak Smith was ordained an Apostle, and

FRENCHSPANISH he has traveled far and wide, over

GERMANITALIAN land and sea, preaching the gospel | HESE traditional

RUSSIANJAPANESE characteristics S. L. D. Savior. of our Brother Smith has

21 of or useful languages any to the pioneers helped the the had of hand him, over Lord absolutecan you examine Now early the days his ly free the sensational and life has preserved been new pripersecution by surviveof and originally demethod language his power. lifted Elder Smith has for the Forces veloped Armed vation.

and State Department by the up his voice "without fear or favor"nonprofit Council American of in defense of the gospel and has Today's generations Societies. Already used Learned

and endorsed by 1400 schools and confounded "the wisdom of the carry on these tradicolleges, thousands of business wicked and set at nought the countions. Thousands of farorganizations and individuals.

The Holt Spoken Language cils of the unjust."Because of his sighted L.D.S. families

start Courses immeyou speaking secret Imisound judgment, hundreds of perin Utah and Hawaii are is Guided diately. The

tation! You simply listen to the sons, both young and old, come to saving regularly at

voices native speakers of unbreakon homes, for new for counsel advice. and They "State"—him records—noisefree able repeat phonograph then and their of education the the of building language from your command to his office come and to his home,

finanthe practicalsimple, children, to fluent sentences phrases and and stop even him on the street, seeking it's conversations. natural easy! that Yes,and

learn to native a native. speak like a withYou to answers questions that bother acialworryfreesecurity thatfuture.means recVinylite consists course of or 24 Each 25

ords ( 78 RPM ), a guidebook and a key. them.

FREE WRITE BOOKLET FOR NOW Elder Smith will never comHigh dividend earnings—

details of obtain theand full how you may first two records of any one of 21 Spoken promise with sin, but he is quick to currently 2Vfc%—are comLanguage Courses for free examination! forgive and extend his hand in love bined with the safety

HENRY HOLT & CO., Depr. ER-1 and mercy to help a repentant sinof sound manageAve., 10, N.Y. Fourth 257 N.Y. InFederal ment and ner. Elder Smith never evil speaks

full free booklet send information and on "State."at surance I of two examine Language Pleasehow Holt person, may Spoken any neither will he perfree. records absolutely next account Start anI evil mit to be spoken about any

I Nome person, especially of his leaders. pay day; save by

I Address.. mail or in person. evening One his to a man came

I City, Zone, Stote.. door and asked permission to speak

L J to him. When permission was

granted, the man commenced to abuse one of the Church leaders. State Sai/ings

Brother Smith immediately stopped and Loan Association Qf him and quietly asked the man to 56 So. Main Salt Lake

The "LEAF"that leave his home. The man refused,

and Brother Smith, gently taking If you travel to Hawaii this Centennial you'll find year, our friends at Hawaiprotects the crop is a him by the coat collar and seat of St., ian offices, Honolulu. 239 Merchant

his pants, escorted the man out of the house and out of the lot. When

Brother Smith returned, one of his family said: "What will the neighbors think?"Brother Joseph replied: "I do not care what anyone

thinks; no man can abuse my beloved President Lund and get away

with it."'SPECIAL"To Missionaries

SPRAY or DUST Elder Smith is loyal to every trust And Others tradeLeaf""Black famous The Post Photographs Card to every obedient him, placed upon has control products pest on mark his call of him. He loves made per 100 $3.50 dependof reliable, symbol been the

able crop protection to farmers for brethren, and they in turn love him. Send Picture or Negative

a pest If in have generations. you is exemplary every way two His life SATISFACTION GUARANTEED answer best your problem, control for follow, that all can is one and

is Leaf a Black spray or dust. Your his way of living is the sure path RIGGS STUDIOS invited. are inquiries

to eternal life. With all these IOOOV2 Garrison Ave.

BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL TOBACCO Fort Smith, Arkansas Brother placed upon him, VA. honors RICHMOND, CORPORATION

of a lover very humble, Smith is 316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his fellow men, thinks no evil but rejoices in the truth.

These few lines from one of his poems express the desires of his heart. To put More Steel

By faith I walk on earth's broad plain,

With hope forever in my breast;If valiant to the end, I'll gain on the

A glorious mansion with the blest.

O Father, lead me by the hand,Protect me from the wicked here, Western Market..

And give me power that I may stand

Entrenched in truth, to me made clear.

The best is not too good for me

That heaven holds within its hand,

O may I falter not but see Thy kingdom come o'er all the land.

THE COLUMBIA STEEL COMPANY, one of the foremost

The Church Moves On producers of steel in the West, recently added to (Continued from page 258) its producing facilities at Pittsburg, California, a

At the same time, the Y. M. M. I. A. new cold reduction mill... the first of its kind to

announced that the seventeenand go into operation west of the Mississippi.

This new production unit has more than 27 mileighteen-yearoldM Men. The eighteento-twentyfivegroup will be Junior

year group will be joined with the lion pounds of modern steel processing equipment young women as one department—for reducing hotrolled coils into sheet and tin plate.

MenGleaner.

Many of the wards held their annual With the aid of Geneva Steel Company, which suphomecoming. plies the coils, this mill will put almost onethird of

a million tons of sheet and tin plate on the Western o q President George F. Richards market each year.

""of the Council of the Twelve marked the eightyninth anniversary This is just one phase of United States Steel's of his birth. long range modernization and expansion program.

O \ Elders Stanley E. Abbott and Millions of dollars are being spent to bring all of its

C. Aldon Johnson, arrested Janusubsidiaries up to maximum capacities. By this

ary 28 and held at the Olomouc prison expansion program United States Steel demonfor "having attempted to enter a prostrates its continued faith in the future of the West hibited area,"were brought to Prague,... and of the entire nation.

Czechoslovakia, released, and placed on a plane for Geneva, Switzerland.

There the president of the Swiss Mission will arrange their transportation UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION home. SUBSIDIARIES

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards dedicated the Hibbard Ward chapel,

North Rexburg ( Idaho ) Stake.

..':;: "''. '': "'.....".. '.;-...; i:;....'''.. S

i O Q Federal Heights Ward, Emi-

L U gration (Salt Lake City) Stake, created from parts of University

University Stake,Ward, but formerly IN OUR NINETIETH YEAR -

Emigration Stake, with the retiring of WE PAY HOMAGE TO bishop of University Ward, Lynn S.

Richards, as bishop. William L. Woolf PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

sustained as bishop of University ON THE EVENT OF HISWard.

EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY President George Albert Smith dedicated the West Glendale Ward, Glendale (California) Stake, chapel. ELIAS CO. MORRIS & SONS

City East South East Los Angeles Stake created from 250 Salt Lake Temple parts of Pasadena (California) Stake, with President Faun L. Hunsaker and 18601950

counselors John Nielsen and William Tile—Bathrooms—Drainboards—Mantels

E. Perkes. Presidents Hunsaker and Floor Coverings—MEMORIALS—Acoustical Tile

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1950 317 CHURCH MOVES ON

(Continued from preceding page) ing in the Pasadena Stake under the

Nielsen were counselors to President leadership of President Howard W.

counselors K. and Dakon William A. Pettit, who was released Hunter Barry are and Broadhead Alonzo K.

as president of the Pasadena Stake. the El Sereno, Pasadena, Las Flores,

The East Los Angeles Stake is comMonrovia, Baldwin Park, and El prised of Belvedere, Eastmont, MonteMonte wards. East Los Angeles is

bello, Whittier, Alhambra Mission the 179th stake now functioning in the

Park, and Rosemead wards. RemainChurch. Directing this organization

&ood wishes \ HAUNTED HOUSES to a &reat

BY RICHARD L EVANS CHURCHMAN j npHERE was a time, in childhood, when we were much im- $ pressed by houses that were supposed to be haunted HUMANITARIAN

AMERICAN yy wherea hauntedpeoplehouse,had movedof course,out andbeingdust anyand cobwebsempty placehad y moved in. Creaking floors made them, live, and the

President wind made them breathe and move and speak of many else. of loneliness of than In anything more things—but George Albert Smith perhaps house seems any old some ways empty and & haunted—haunted by memories, haunted by forsaken

& sounds. Although we are no longer impressed with the sup-

& posed spectres that we once mistakenly may have thought

THE STAFF,OFFICERS lingered in lonely houses, there is cause to be conAND 300 AGENTS OF r cerned with the spectres of the past that can and do haunt the lives of men and take from them their peace of mind the KOLOB CORPORATION? the ghosts of accusing thoughts that will not be silenced,

A General Insurance Agency the ghosts of regrets that cloud the present and the prosUTAH IDAHO MONTANA NEVADA y pect of the future. Some of us may be haunted by small

y regrets, and some by grievous regrets—but fortunately

5 for all there is hope of relief: fortunately, because there

is no man who is perfect; there is no man who has not

made some mistakes; there is no man but who would

change some part of the past if he could. There is no

man who does not sometime have need of repentance. We

6 can go a long way toward pushing out the spectres of the & past by doing what we can to right old wrongs, by making restitution, by giving earnest evidence of "a right spirit within"us. But we cannot well rely on wearing out old

? fears and accusations without doing something about

? them. They are stubbornly persistent, and more often

CATHEDRAL CHIMES and ]? they wear us out. Their grooves dig deeper as our

thoughts go round and round, and often they catch up? with us long after we think we have left them far behind.

y The price of pushing out the ghosts of the past may be it is seldom but as high the living as price of with y high, r the Within reach them. is part of price the prayerful And repentance. A of every church, regardless j are old These very words, but an honest prayerful and 1 size of or budget. Over 1,000

installations testify to their superior repentance is one of the greatest remedies in the world tone, dependable operation. and the only remedy for much of what ails us. We must

& reckon with repentance as a critical factor in the course MAASVCathedral Chimes Vibrachimes

Carillons Harp Celeste Vibrachord of those events that lie before us. There is no sense in

x living in a haunted house!

Ask your nearby Maas Dealer or, write to:,

MAAS ORGAN CO/ /lV y Uke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED THE COLUMBIA OVER BROADKSL AND 19, 1950 SYSTEM. CASTING FEBRUARY

? Copyright King Features

were Elders Stephen L Richards and

Harold B. Lee of the Council of the

Twelve.

Kearns Branch, North Jordan (Utah) Stake, organized from parts of Taylorsville and Bennion wards, with Don A. Smith president.

President George Albert Smith received an honorary doctor of humanities degree at the centennial exercises of the University of Utah.

Elders Melvin P. Mabey of Bountiful, Utah, and William Martini of

Glendale, California, were given fortyeight hours to leave Czechoslovakia.

Their expulsion will leave Mission

President Wallace F. Toronto as the

only American elder in the mission.

March 1950 1 Mrs. Wallace F. Toronto,

wife of the Czech Mission president, and the couple's six children left LOOKING at your baby,

Prague for the United States. i it may seem a miracle

that in such a little while basketball Men Sixteen M have bones babysoft Jj in theirchampions I to enough strong own right—repreteams hergrown

regionssenting America, of Western her straight support W her—the antwenty-eighth fourdaybegan giving promalready back atnual allChurch tournament Deseret It childhood. sturdy ise of

Gym. isn't just a miracle at all.

It's due chiefly to the kind \ Brigham City Fourth Ward of milk she has.

* won the M Men basketball tournament by defeating Pleasant Of course, the milk she needs Yes, and Sego Milk contains

Grove First Ward. Logan Fifth must be easy to digest—supply pure crystalline, vitamin D—the

Ward placed third, Edgehill Ward all of the food substances of pure form of the sunshine vitafourth, and Spanish Fork First Ward, whole milk—and contain the min that all babies must have, in

fifth. All were Utah teams. Mesa vitamin D that will enable her order to develop straight, strong

Seventh Ward, Arizona, won the to develop sound, straight, strong bones, sound teeth, and to make sportsmanship trophy. Games on bones. the best of growth. Give your

in the played 4 were 3 andMarch Fortunately, you can be sure baby the Sego Milk she needs field of the housemore spacious University of Utah. (See p. 281.) that your baby gets that kind of and she'll get the required

milk. Sego Milk is always easy amount of vitamin D.

drop digest. Every to babies for

sustained C Franklin Thousands J. Murdock of babies—triplets, subthe in food rich is uniformly as president of the Highland born babies and singly in twins milk. of whole stances And

(Salt Lake City) Stake with Alma G. its sealed container, Sego Milk are thriving happily on Sego

Burton and coun- B. Richards, Horace about doctor your Ask if there were Milk. safe as surely is as

selors. President Released were Staybaby. for your in the world. Sego Milk of disease germ noner Richards Carl and C. Burton and

President Murdock, counselors.

Free to Mothers! This handy book

Cross in observed Sunday Red was and it easier to care for that makes 'V of of the meetings the Church.many most of the Dozens train your baby.

important questions about the care 1 A local paper said that the and training of your baby are annumber of combinations possible W; swered in this 64page illustrated

in using the stops of the Salt Lake book. Approved by a wellknown

organTabernacle would numbe the enthusiastically by Praised!2 doctor. sixtysixber thirtysix followed by west. in the intermountain mothers

zeros. Send for your free copy of this helpMilk Sego Address: today. book STAMERICAN|,l MEDICALASSN., ful Utah. Lake City, E-2, Salt Dept. Co., O Mia Maids is the name of the

new fourteen and fifteenyear agegroup of the Young Women's Interm&untain West irl the Milk Evaporated Co., Originator of it Sego Milk Products Association,Mutual Improvement Idaho Preston in and Buhl, Utah; Richmond, Plants

was announced.

APRIL 1950 319 LEHI IN THE DESERT [Continued from page 277) food, gear, and other supplies would they migrate in earnest, carrying the even of some magnificence would have been as unthinkable then as seed in big, black, onehundred-andnever have excited the slightest now. "Without the camel,"writes fiftypound sacks, two to a camel. 159

comment: Burckhardt describes as a modern authority, "it would be At the very least there has to be

a matter of course passing by the impossible for the nomads to carry enough grain either to make a caravan of a rich merchant from their tents and furniture over the worthwhile crop or to supply subMaskat in the midst of the desert vast sandy spaces where asses can stantial food on the way—and who

"he had ten camels to carry his pass only with difficulty and carry could carry such a load on his back?

women, his infant children, his servonly a very small load."158 What To pass through the heart of Arabia

ants, and his baggage."157 Lehi clinches the matter is the fact that on the best camel in the world rewould have been such a one. But Lehi's party took grain with them, quires exquisite suffering and almost

for an elderly and aristocratic He- "and all manner of seeds of every superhuman endurance—no need

brew to load himself, his wife, and kind."( I Nephi 8:1.) The Arabs, to make the thing ridiculous by

his children with tents, weapons, as we shall see below, do this when carrying a tent or a bushel of grain on one's back!

Raswan tells us that "camel breeders do not fear the waterless stretches of the desert as the sheepand goatraising Arabs do, and (Plan, Vbw to Attend, for that reason camel owners alone remain independent and free."160 On

The UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE the other hand, they are often in danger of starving, and when we

SUMMER SCHOOL readtinuallythatin Lehi'ssuch peopledanger wereand consup- ported themselves by hunting alone, 9n, aooL QeuJtUL Uallay,—Joqan., Utah, so that a broken bow could mean

death by starvation, we may be sure that they were camelnomads without flocks, as indeed their hasty requires; Palestine from First session, six weeks, 5 flight begins—June listing of the stuff they among the

Second session, five weeks, 17 took with them, flocks are never begins—July

be—anmentioned,itemasofofprimecourseimportancethey would

Beginning, advanced, and graduate courses will be offered in had they had such.

But neither are camels mentioned.

all departments by a strong resident faculty, supplemented by that the reason not? For very Why visiting professors from different parts of the nation. in receive notice they no an many

Arabic poem which describes travel

Courses to meet requirements for all types of teaching certifiin the desert, simply because they cates are listed. Numerous special offerings, including: the Family are taken for granted. In the East

Life Institute; Coaching School; Conferences of Home Economics'to journey in the wilderness means

teachers, Agriculture teachers, School Lunch workers, and Industo travel by camel, just as "to drive from Heber to Salt Lake"means to trial Education teachers are scheduled.

go in a car, though it could apply to travel by zebra or tricycle. Had

Recreation events, in addition to campus lectures, social and Lehi's party gone afoot that would musical offerings, include the sixth annual Ranger Hike and other indeed have been a ninedays'trips to centers of scenic interest. wonder and something to mention

on every page—such a thing was

never seen nor heard of before nor since. But where camel is the only

For Catalogue and Further Information, Address: means of travel, it is as unnecessary

to mention camels in describing a

Dean of the Summer School journey as it would be to specify that one sailed the seas "in a ship."

There is one episode, however, in

Utah State Agricultural College which camels play a definite role in the Book of Mormon.

LOGAN, UTAH From the base camp in the valley of Lemuel, Lehi's sons made a flying trip back to Jerusalem. It was the

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

young men alone who made the trip, long return trip, just as the Saints from them we learn that Lehi knew which turned out, as they expected who had the means of avoiding it it, too. Like a brilliant flash of il-

(I Nephi 3:5), to be a dangerous never crossed the plains on foot, so lumination comes the statement that

one. Now it is the established prowe would think Lehi's sons foolish Lehi by divine instruction "led us

cedure among the Arabs for a few indeed if they did not avail themin the more fertile parts of the young men in a tribe to seek gain selves of the common means of wilderness."(Ibid., 16:16.) Wooland glory by making quick raids transportation that everyone was ley and Lawrence describe such

on neighboring or distant towns and using. "more fertile parts"as "stretching

tribes. On such expeditions they Not many years ago, Professor over the flat floor of the plain in

never take tents, for their transporFrankfort wrote of the south desert, long lines like hedges.... They

is tation limited, is of the and speed secret of "The this moving through are, of the course, of depressions 1 1 "essence. all us to Nephi desolation at wants know has times been kept furdried-up watercourses: 1 "1 they

ie3 that this... "journey to Jerusalem the was Bedowin. by Intrepid nish, to according Bertram Thomas,

no such raid, for they were going explorers of our own day have dis- "the arteries of life in the steppe, on legitimate business and took their covered the secret, however, and (Continued on following page) tents with them (Ibid., 3:9); they

went boldly and openly in to Laban and stated their business. Only

when he treated them as robbers 1 were they forced to act as such, TTi Handle a Variety of Jobs % slinking about like Bedouins outside the gates and entering the city by on a Single, Lower night. A typical Oriental episode of

the story is the wild pursuit out of the city, and into the desert (the

Bedouins on their raids are everlastingly pursuing or being pursued), where, Nephi reports (Ibid,, 3:27), "the servants of Laban did

not overtake us."They might have

fled a short distance through the town on foot, but fleeing "into the.; i.v-v?

wilderness"is another matter; there

they would have been quickly run |filll|p:. -::

riders, unless mounted bydown * * v '* *l notice, butthey first escaped Nephi *v tells us that they hid only after they THESE 14 TRACTOSHOVEL had outrun their pursuers, who ATTACHMENTS CAN BE tailed not to find them but to over-—Use the AllisChalmers HD5G and INTERCHANGED IN BUT

take them. The powerful and TractoShove! Interchangeable Attachments* A FEW MINUTES

affluent governor certainly had fleet that camel, couldsteeds 1 cu. yd. Standard Bucket,":., run down a

simplify cu. can You yd. Bucket Narrow road street and construc- % the ofbut in the sudden getaway repairs, tion and dig backfill and cu. Light sewer Materials yd. and 2

brethren there would be no time to'water trenches, handle any excavation, stockBucketsaddle them—an Arab poet, Imrul pile and load materials of all kinds, plow snow 1 cu. yd. Rock Bucket

Qais, speaks of a phenomenal horse or load it, cut costs on dozens of other jobsTeeth For All Buckets that "passed the night with saddle all with this standard machine and one or Heavyduty Bulldozer Blade specially designed attachments. Start being more bridle. without him..and on Heavyduty Angledozer

1 "2 now to stretch your budget... investigate! Blade stable."sent to the But Laban's

Lift 1b. Fork (4,000 not suchhorses been could have THE IN ADVANCED MOST TRACTOR ITS POWER CLASS

lifting capacity) that to thesuperbeasts. chance As capacity, Big work with big tractor design, Crane 1b. Hook (5,000 balance stamina and it is rehorses, aLehi's people had lifting capacity)

lb. 11,250 of properly balanced weight for the carry one, cannot horsemote V-type Snowplow 40.26 hp., drawbar 50.25 belt on in desert, the even andburdens Trench Hoe 2-cycle Diesel Smooth Power ridehorseraising seldom Arabs Drag Bucket Easier steering shifting and full with visibiltheir animals on long journeys but ity, convenient controls. Cushioned seat and Tine Fork

lead them from their camels. The wide arm rests. Rock Fork

Simplified servicing throughout is implied at everyuse of camels usefulness The of the HD-5 lubrication Extended periods—1,000 hours to the mission of the story Tractorturn of is further widened by idlers, for truck wheels, support rollers.

Laban: the carrying of tents, the other allied equipment: 2-

trip downcountry to bring back wheel scrapers, rippers, "exceeding great property"to Laloaders,rollers, cranes,canopies,skid ban's palace (hardly on their TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE. 1, U. S. A. winches and log carts.

flight into country Wrife for ), thebacks! open ask your AllisChalmers—or dealer

desert, in the literature the pursuitand the for a demonstration

APRIL 1950 321 All missionaries need Lehi in the Desert

The L.D.S. Missionary Bible the (Continuedpath of Bedowinfrom precedingmovement,page) the

habitat of animals by reason of the vegetation—scant though it is—

which flourishes in their beds alone.... "10"In Arabia it is this

practice of following "the more fertile parts of the wilderness"that allows both men and animals to survive, and Cheesman designates as "touring"the practice of moving from place to place as areas of fertility shift with the seasons. 100

The L. D. S. Missionary Bible is printed specially for Lehi's Altar

the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterDay Saints by the Cambridge

Press, printing Bibles a longer since 1591, University been who have

It the contains in existence. press period than James "piRST of all, after pitching his tent any other King

Version with the Church's official Ready Reference pages and the for his first important camp, Lehi

Dictionary useful and Concordance Cambridge to the Bible. Ruled "built an altar of stones, and made

in pages are for convenience making notes. bound in

an offering unto the Lord, and gave all is essential to Bible mission- L. D. S. Missionary The thanks to the Lord...."(I Nephi

is fields. It aries also the in foreign working at home or

best Teachers'Bible for use in 2:7.) It was for all the world as if he

Sunday Schools Priesthood Classes Mutual had been reading RobertsonSmith:

Improvement Associations Primary Associations "The ordinary mark of a Semitic

Relief Societies Church Institutes Seminaries sanctuary (i.e. Hebrew as well as

Price: $9.25 Arabic ) is the sacrificial pillar,

L. Bible Missionary D. S. Order your today from cairn, or rude altar... upon which

dealer local your or from book sacrifices are presented to the god

DESERET BOOK COMPANY [Book of Mormon: "to the God of

Intermountain The Center West Book of the Ibid.,.. In Israel"Arabia 5:9].

Street 44 East Temple South Salt Lake City in its altar but find no proper 10, Utah we place a rude pillar or heap of stones3 beside which the victim is slain."

It was at this same "altar of stones"that Lehi with his family offered a sacrifice in gratitude for the safe return of his sons from their dangerous expedition to Jerusalem. This

is what the Arabs call dhabiyeh4kasb, a sacrifice to celebrate the successful return of warriors, hunters, and raiders to the camp. "This sacrifice,"writes Jaussen, at the return

of an expedition is always in honor of an ancestor,"108 and Nephi twice mentions Israel in his brief account: immediately after the rite,

Lehi fell to examining the "spoils."

{Ibid., 5:10.)

To this day the Bedouin "lives under the constant impression of a higher force that surrounds him..., and it is for this reason

and not to appease any savage gods, sacrifice that OFFER... on every he makes WE FIFTY for YEARS OVERIK USE COMPLETE A Rasoccasion. important 169 When of simple Canker, in treatmentAids SERVICE ENGRAVING

reports, camel was baby wan "A other throat minor mouthsore and Missionary Portraits to the Largest From and throat irritations. Catalogues. brought up to Misha'il's tent as a

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention sacrificial offering in honor of the

REMEDY HALLS UTAH ENGRAVING CO. safe return of Fuaz,"1 'we cannot help thinking of some such scene

Utah 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City,

before the tent of Lehi on the "safe 322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a.

return of his sons. Nilus, in the

oldest known account of life among the Arabs of the Tih, says, "they sacrifice on altars of crude stones piled together."1,1 That Lehi's was

such an altar would follow not only from the ancient law demanding uncut stones, but also from the Book of Mormon expression "an altar of stones,"rather than "a stone altar."

Such little heaps of stones are still to be seen surviving from all ages throughout the south desert.

HThe Arab as a forager is everlastingly prowling, scouting, tracking, and spying; in fact, some believe

that the root meaning of the names

Arab and Hebrew is a combination of sounds meaning "to lie in ambush.""Every Bedawi is a sportsman both from taste and necessity,"

writes one observer, who explains how in large families some of the young men are detailed to spend all their time hunting. 17 "Nephi and

his brethren took over the business of fulltime hunters, and here again we suspect something of the desert tradition in the family, for Nephi had brought a fine steel bow from home with him. Though we shall

deal with steel below, in discussing the sword of Laban, it should be noted here that a steel bow was nomore a solid piece of steel than the Be Yovlx Own "chariots of iron"Canaanites'All ALUMINUM MUSIC TRACK 4:3) TRIPLE (Josh. 17:1618: STORM WINDOWS Jud. 1:19,

solid or metal, than variouswere Teacher FINEST H&F=35 AND at Learn Home in theimplements mentioned Old STORM improved wonderful by e.g. iron", "of being asTestament

as A. Simple od. B. C.—methDOORS

it. Your learn child can tools, threshing pens,carpenter's

selecreal of consist lessons extiresome of instead ironinstruments, tions only and were Out Keep finish one you ercises. When

It in alliron. probability new a lessons you've was added delightfully of easy these Drafts a Cold

notes, "numbers"read You your to "piece"too—no it at sincesteelribbed broke bow, of our that thorough so some trick list.Method music. or on Save orchestra and LEADERS. are bandis students 850,000 the that the timeabout same

told are First is pictures. you in print and Everything Fuel

it. do you to shows picture how do. a to Then what "lost their springs."bowswooden

short it. In months it a few hear yourself and do you Then Stop in PalestineAll composwere bows Sweaty you may be playing popular pieces—you'll be the life of

party. theite, piece, that is, of one more than Windows

and a steelbacked bow would be Free Print and Picture Sample

TERMS EASY U.S. the through player readily a fine become You may a steelcalled just as an ironbow,

Bock Mail for Free coupon method. School study home Call or Write called chariot Sample. Picture and Print Freetrimmed "a and was

favorite instrument. Please your mention of iron."chariot FREE U. S. OF MUSIC SCHOOL

I\l. Bldg., Brunswick Y. 2254 Hunting in the mountains of STOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. 10, N. Y BOOKLET

State, Murray. Utah 4847 So. this to is carried outArabia day of S. School U. Music, Brunswick Bldg., 2254 r

IM. N. Y. Y. 10, 955 MURRAY foot or withouton and hawks

in inparticularly interested study, in the music 9-4107 SALT LAKE 1 '3 in classical thedogs; time hunter illussend below. Please your free checked strumentI am

in this area was equipped with a thetratedfreebooklet,Print and"HowPictureto LearnSample.Music at Home,"and

representatives of your one have Piano Accordion Tenor Banjo Piano like Please andbow free give us a call and 17 ''sling—exactly estimate. Guitar Modern SaxophoneNephi. Nephi's discovery that the Hawaiian Guitar Trumpet, Cornet tary HarmonyElemenbest hunting was only at "the top of Name Violin Reed Organ Clarinet

the mountain"(I Nephi 16:30) Address Name (PLEASE PRINT)

agrees with later experience, for Town State Street the orxy is "a shy animal that (Continued on following page) City. State

APRIL 1950 323 lehi in the Desert

(Continued from preceding page) travels far and fast over steppe and desert in search of food but retires ever to the almost inaccessible sandmountains for safety..,. "174 In

western Arabia the mountains are not sand but rock, and Burckhardt reports that "in these mountains between Medina and the sea, all the way northward, mountain goats are met, and the leopards are not uncommon."1 '"Julius Euting has left us

vivid descriptions of the danger, excitement, and exhaustion that go with the hunting of the big game that abounds in these mountains, which are very steep and rugged. 178

Things looked black when Nephi broke his fine steel bow, for the wooden bows of his brothers had

LUMBERJACK SYRUP GIVES YOU "lost their springs"(note the use

THAT "OLD TIME MAPLE FLAVOR"of the Semitic distributive, {Ibid.,

177 and though skilled in the—SO ECONOMICAL, TOO! 16:21, )

art of hunting, they knew little enough about bowmaking, which indeed is a skill reserved to specialLUMBERJACK SYRUP ists even among primitives. It was

out of the question to make a comWITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP posite bow and was something of a revolution when Nephi "did make out of wood a bow,"(Ibid., 16:23),

for the hunter, the most conservative of men, would never dream of to a a composite changing from - - it sounds ALL simple bow. Though WHEAT CEREAL

simple enough, it was almost as

THE BEST AND MOST HEALTHFUL great a feat for Nephi to make a

CEREAL FOR YOUR FAMILY'S BREAKFAST bow as it was for him to build a

Its DELICIOUS NutLike Flavor contains ship. It is interesting that accordALL ihe goodness of the ing to the ancient Arab writers the

Entire Wheat Berry only bowwood obtainable in all

A Kansas laboratory analysis reveals that Arabia is nab'wood, to be found 1 pound of ALL-O-WHEAT has "amid the inaccessible and overVitamin A—1.890 Units hanging crags"of Mount Jasum

O Thiamine—2.14 Milligrams and Mount Azd, which are situated 9 Niacin—7.96 Milligrams

9 Pantothenic Acid & Riboflavin in the very region where, if we folALSO RICH in low the Book of Mormon, this crisis

Body Building PROTEINS, is supposed to have occurred. 178 How

PHOSPHORUS, MINERAL MATTER, many factors must be correctly

AND IRON placed and correlated in the apparently simple story of Nephi's

ALL-O-WHEAT IS \ broken bow! There must be a high

DELICIOUS to the taste mountain near the Red Sea at a O

NUTRITIOUS to the body considerable journey down the O

E> EASY TO PREPARE coast: there must be game on the

VERY ECONOMICAL in either 20 oz. or 5 lb. package there must be nothing else to eat in O mountain but only on the peaks;

Ask your Grocer today for that healthful cereal the area, hunting being the only economy; hunting must be with the

- - ALL bow and sling (I Nephi 16:23); WHEAT and here, if only here in all Arabia,

Or write to All-O-Wheat, Ogden, Utah there must be bowwood growing.

What are the chances of reproduc324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing such a situation by mere guesswork?

Regarding the seed and the grain which Lehi carried, while "ordinary travellers scarcely ever carry grain for food"in the desert,'7"it was not meant for food, and Lehi was not an ordinary traveler but a man in search of a promised land. It is

common for migrating Bedouins to—sometimescarry grain withverythemvaguein theindeedthought

that possibly if the year is a good one, they might find a chance to sow a hasty crop. In Sinai "the

Bedouin yearly sow the beds of the wadies, but they do this with little hope of reaping a harvest more than once in every three or four years."1 'In traveling, "the wheat

is put in the black homemade goat's hair sacks, farde ( t ).... The farde,

the Heb. saq (Gen. 42:25) holds

about 150 to 180 pounds of1 wheat.

Two are put on a camel."Thus

we see that the custom of carrying grain into the desert still survives, and that from a time far earlier than

Lehi's. ( To be continued

BIBLIOGRAPHY

13sHe makes a point of referring to his father's tent again and again: 2:6. 3:1, 4:38, 7:5. 7:21, 9:1.

10:16, 16:6, 16:10, though of course that was not

the only tent, 2:4. 16:32, etc.

136T. Canaan, "The Palestinian Arab House."in

Jnl. Pal. Or. Soc. XII (1932). 225

137Cited by Georg Jacob, Altarabisches Beduinenleben (Berlin, 1897), p. 226

1:*Caigcr. Bible and Spade, p. 181

189Burckhardt, Notes I, 127 140On the other hand, "the erection of a new tent in the desert is an important event celebrated with feast and sacrifice,"A. Jaussen, Rev. Biblique

N. S. 3. p. 93f

M1Jacob, op. cit.. p. 212

113P. J. Baldensperyer. "Tent Life,"PEFQ 1923.

p. 179 iiAOp.iri\V'. B.cit. Seabrook, Adventures in Arabia, p. 36, In the

mentioning the tent of an Arab friend which measartistic package thirty feet ured ninety. See by Grace ifo a /wa// Crowfoot, Beautiful,"Tent 1944-5. "The alsoPEFQ VANILLA M. DARK CHOCOLATES

3446 pp. Walnut Mints Creams Green in the neighboring 145"Those booths watch when

is light, to see if the day the shaykh's hareem yet"Lemon Custard'Raspberry Nut strike his tent; it this,... seeing and, is the rahla

I, Arabia thus Doughty, 257. Deserta In the same MILK CHOCOLATES way, the pitches his sheikh tent, when all without

Pecans * Vanilla Walnut discussion, suit, follow it Chocolate the chief's tent being as that were the tabernacle leads them through the Chocolate Almonds Coconut Caramel GLADE CANDY COMPANY - SALT IAKE CITYwilderness. It will be recalled that the Liahona was

found at the door of Lehi's tent. It is notable that

even the richest sheikh "has never more than one tent,"according to Burckhardt, Notes I, 42, speakthe Aneze. FOR 1 HEADQUARTERS L. D. S. f a wellto-do ingweThusof sheikh the winter "spends IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA in 4 his 'house of the stone'and his summer in 'house j> fe-i STAINED CLASS

of Biblique, Jaussen, Rev. p. N.S.3, uhair,''Max..."von (Leipzig, Oppenheim, Beduinen Die 95 YE REST KINGS MOTEL US WINDOWS

Harrassowitz, 1939) I, 28 526 5th STREET SOUTH 14SMaj. Jarvis, C. S. Desert Yesterday "The and

1937, 122Today,"p. PEFQ Dr. B, Foutz, Harold

Deserta 148Arabia 259 H. Foutz, Edgar Manager Owner BOSTON 6 MASSPalgrave,I, 150William G. Narrative of a Year's

Journey through Central and Eastern Arabia (1862-3) Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout (London. 1866) I

151Maj. R. E. Cheesman, In Unknown Arabia

(London,u&W. J. Macmillan,PhythianAdams,1926.) inp. PEFQ27, 52 1930, p. 199

Archacol. 6 Relig. DRINK E. JenningsBramley, "The 1S4W.Albright, of BedouinIs., p. of97 the HOTEL7th LANKERSHIM& BROADWAYSinaitic 1907, Peninsula,"284 PEFQ

l:ir>Baldensperger, in PEFQ 1923, p. 180

'"Burckhardt, op. cit., 2271

II, 157Burckhardt, 295 Travels A delightful J-PHFQ 1922. p. 163 hot for beverage those

181 lr>!lBelow, note LOS ANGELES don't drink coffee. the 1UK. Raswan, Drinkers Wind, p. 129 of 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"AT who GROCERS YOUR following page) on (Continued

APRIL 1950 325.

LEHI IN THE DESERT

II, 297 Travels "BBurckhardt, The Call to page) preceding from {Continued in Inner'Euting, eincr Reise 176Julius Tagbuch smallscale of these description classic II, 7680, 92f (Leiden, 1892) 1,nThe is in Arabien the of camp youth the raids byeveryday will that keep experts say a good bow 177Archery

I, 157ff. Notes, itsBurckhardt. shots. thousand for about spring one hundred

Mu'allaqat) 71 (in the lli2Line that party the this one might calculate From had K9 "Egypt to years three traveling 1B3H. Frankfort, anything from one and Syria in the First. been

XII (1926) p. 81 Period,"Intermediate crisis occurred. of the JEA bows the The party when

cf. 32, p. Zin, Wilderness of from hardly have wornout bows brought would

p. Felix, HIp. 35 Arabia if 1,ir'B. Thomas, of Mlbed cU.. /Loball, dr. with them, but were as prodigal they home

18TW.lli6Cheesman,Robertsonop. Smith,cit. p- The338fReligion of the Semites ammunitionballs, they mightas Arabshave notoriouslyworn their arebowswithoutmusketquite

(London, 1907) p. 201 rapidly. Perhaps they indulged in a great deal

N.S. 3, 109 of practiceshooting Rev. Biblique to "get their hand in"at the RESEARCH EDITOR

VA<lbid., p. 110 outset of the journey.

170Raswan,171 St. Nilus,op.in cit.,Migne,p. 237Patrol. Graec. 79, col. 612 Jasum178Jacob,is inAltarab.the MeccaBeduinenleben,area, Mt. Azdp. 131inf; SeratMt.

"Sport further also JenningsBramley, south near among the mountains 172W.

this of Restored 369f. 1900, 1907, 284 179JenningsBramley,Bedawin,"PEFQbut E. PEFQ the coast. Conferences

1925, 82 9f continued p. 1914, 173Baldensperger, Ibid., in PEFQ PEFQ in convened been Church have 249 181 Quarter, 181Baldensperger, p. 1923, l7*Philby, The Empty PEFQin

many localities, but always with an outpouring of the promised Spirit.

Although the term has been used loosely, especially in the beginning, conferences have been held in every month except February, March, and

July. They have been held in January 1831/ April 1832, May 1834,

June 1830, August 1835, September 1830, October 1831, November 1837, and December 1847.

The first three conferences of the

Church were held at Fayette, Seneca County, New York, the birthplace of the Church. There is a

slight controversy on whether the first was held on June 1, or June 9, 1 830, but there is no doubt about the spiritual feast that the attenders.. see TrfState for u/aqs obtained. Also, concerning the secto build a better home ond conference of the Church, there

is conflicting evidence in the source at a dou/n-toearth cost material as to whether it was held on the first of September,2 1830, or on the twentysixth. Prior to this

Your opportunities to build a "dream home"this Spring conference the Prophet had received are good indeed... for more and better materials are the revelation now recorded as section twentyeight of the Doctrine

available today than ever before. In the matter of and Covenants, concerning Hiram

plans, you'll find our files are wonderfully complete.. Page, who, with the aid of a certain

stone, had professed to be receiving filled with hundreds of designs that are livable, pracrevelations concerning the upbuildtical and soundly engineered. In materials, quality is ing of Zion. The year 1831 opened

with a future looking bright for the at an alltime high... with many new and improved infant Church, as a conference of

products to choose from. Bring your home plans here. the Church was held at Fayette on

We will be happy to enter wholeheartedly into every knownJanuaryas 2.SectionHerethirtyeight,the revelationstatphase of helping you build a home that will best exing, among other things, that diligent service is required of every

press your ideas of better living. member of the Church, was received.

The following conference was in the Saints'city of Kirtland, Ohio, and the date was June 3, 1831. On

October 11, 1831, a conference was

1 Some of these months have had many conferences in them; some only one. Here we listed

the first conference of that month only.

2See B. H. Roberts'explanation in the

Documentary History of the Church, volume 1, pp.

84. 110. 326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA visit was followed by a visit from Church, which was the latter part

Moses, Elias, and Elijah, each comof the Prophet's lifetime, the generalConference mitting the keys that he held to the conference was always convened

Church in this Dispensation of the on April 6, and during the first week

Fulness of Times. of October. 8

held at Hiram, Ohio, which was A November conference was held It was at the general conference adjourned to October 25, where it in Far West, Missouri, in 1837, in April 1844, at Nauvoo, that met that day, and the day following, and that city played host aqain in the Prophet Joseph Smith declared at Ohio. of Orange, the Here many April April 1839. 1838 and On the annual convening conof practice "The

all spoke, brethren expressing a Illinois, 6, at April ference April began Nauvoo, on 5, 4 1839, a conference and May uninterrupted 6ths 6, continued April on 1840, and all to willingness consecrate they in Quarters, years Nauvoo, Winter succeeding in Illinois. held Quincy, was On 'of Bluffs, Salt years. for City and Lake Council to his cause. possessed and God to but 6, April 1870, owing convened Conference 5, the 1839, October conference

galleries in of the condition the the unfinished the following conference, held At it Illinois, at to (present) Tabernacle, adjourned was convened Commerce, New in Amhurst, Ohio, January 25, 1832, which city of course was about to Mayvened 5.on AgainApril 6,in but1874 wasthe adjournedconferenceto wasMaycon-7,

the Prophet Presidents Brigham to permit Young George and and was sustained city beautiful. orbecome to St. Smith, from George, A. were who coming Nauvoo—the as president of the dained High During period of the the Nauvoo following (Continued page) on

Priesthood.

The first April conference of the

Church was held at Independence,

Missouri, on April 26, 1832.

At the conference in Kirtland,

Ohio, held on January 22 and 23, 1833, after some very spiritual ses- 4- Citation sions, the ordinance of washing of the feet (in accordance with the thirteenth of the chapter gospel acPRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH cording to introduced was John ).

into the Church.

Said the Prophet concerning the next conference: /Y\resident of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterOn the 6th of April, in the land of Zion, wr day Saints. Religious leader, humanitarian,

officials, eighty together about with some -*- business executive and friend of youth. Former unofficial of the for Church, members met

instruction and the service of God, at the President of the International Irrigation Congress and

Ferry on Big Blue river near the western limits of Jackson county, which is also International Dry Farm Congress. Federal Receiver of

line the of the state of boundary Missouri public monies and special disbursing agent for the State 3

States. also of the United and This was

the first attempt made by the Church to of Utah. National VicePresident, Sons of the American

celebrate the of anniversary her birthday, faith Revolution. General Superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A professed and those not our who

talked about it as a strange thing.* from 1921 to 1935. Organizer and President of the

Although each conference has Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Association. Chairbeen listed up to this point, space man of "This is the Place"Monument Commission.

will not permit the listing of all the Member of the Executive Board of the Oregon Trail general conferences held by the Memorial Association and the American Pioneer Trails Church. However, we would like

to trace the location of them, sketchAssociation. Member of the Executive Board National

ing a little detail on a few of the Council Boy Scouts of America, and for many years conferences to the present day. chairman of important committees. Holder of Silver

Conferences were held in Kirtland, Ohio, in 1834 and 1835. On Beaver and Silver Buffalo Scout Awards. Special friend

March 27, 1836, the Kirtland Temof the blind, of the disabled and of all who are in disple was dedicated, which service tress. Ambassador of good will. Advocate of peace

was undoubtedly a conference, as and love among men.

much of the conference procedure was followed, including the sustaining of the General Authorities,"It was a week later that Jesus the Christ Heartiest congratulations from appeared in the Temple, as recorded in the tenth section of one hundred UTAH FIRST NATIONAL BANK Doctrine the which and Covenants,

Salt Lake City sThe Prophet knew that the boundary of the

United States was actually some place beyond the western horizon by virtue of the Louisiana Purchase of 1803. *D. H. C. 1:336337

"Ibid., 2:417

APRIL 1950 327 THE CALL 10 CONFERENCE (Continued from preceding page) Christmas day, 1847, at Council has come to be known as the "Old the whole of America to be Zion.'Bluffs, Iowa, continuing until Tabernacle"was completed. This

No October conference was held December 27, and it was here that building stood on the site of the during the year of the Nauvoo exothe First Presidency was reorganpresent Assembly Hall on Temple dus, 1846, but a conference was conized with Brigham Young as PresiSquare. Even so, when conference

vened at Winter Quarters, Nedent. Council Bluffs was also the days were sunny, the sessions for

braska, on April 6, 1847. The fall scene of the Church gathering on several years were held in the open

conference of the Church began on April 6, 1848. bowery, which had a much greater

first held general conference The seating capacity than the Old attend. Sessions held were speakers and spoke in Salton both April 6ths, City convened Lake on Tabernacle. but with these two "exceptions,"conferences convened 6, April to usually in 8, the 1848, October on in general conference, for Bowery addition severalmeet until days, A the 1881, seswhen

sions began April on 3, and closed 6. April on to the Square. April Temple Consessions, and is now OctoberIt is present practice to to try include April 6, what

tSe Church's birthdatc, as of the one conference in ferences unin Salt boweries held held were City, Lake was on Junedays.

D. H. C. 6:318319. til 1851, when the building which 27 and 28, 1854, the opening date

being the tenth anniversary of the martyrdom of the Prophet and the

Patriarch, Joseph and Hyrum Smith.

At the October 1867 conference, the Church "moved in"to the presGreetings to a entThe Tabernacleacoustics wereon Templefar fromSquare.the

reputation that the grand old building has today, and hearing qualities galleries after only the the before Tabernacle Great Leader and Good Friend wereimprovedadded was dedicated in 1875. Neither was

that building, to begin with, the

I T IS a real pleasure to extend heartiest congratufriendly haven that it has long since

A lations to President George Albert Smith on his become.cerns OctoberThe followingconference,item 1882.coneightieth birthday. In kindliness, reverence, inwhere Heber J. Grant was sustained

as an Apostle:

dustry and all other virtues of sterling character,

President [John] Taylor said as the his life is a shining example to all of us. We wish weather continued cold and we were unhim many more years of good health, personal wouldable tomeetwarmthistheafternoonTabernacle,in theConferenceAssembly

happiness and devoted service to his people. Hall at 2 o'clock p.m. If the weather w.as

warmer on Saturday, we would meet in the Tabernacle when all should come well

This bank is proud to have had a part in the maclothed. s

terial growth of the communities in which PresiOn April 6, 1877, the general condent Smith and his distinguished predecessors have ference of the Church was called to order in St. George, Utah, in the

contributed inspired leadership. Tabernacle there. On that day.

too, President Daniel H. Wells of

the First Presidency dedicated the

St. George Temple, the first temple

to be completed by the Latterday

Saints in the Rocky Mountains.

During the year 1885, as the antipolygamy movement got underway, and many of the leading elders were on the "underground,"Church con- /| ESTABLISHED tM IS5Qp\ ferences were held at the Logan.

Utah, tabernacle. In 1886, for the

same reason, the April conference tabernacle, held was in the Provo conference was and the October Walker Bank & Trust Company held in the tabernacle at Coalville,

Salt Lake City Utah. The April 1887 conference

was also held in the Provo tabernacle.

*The Dcscrct News, October 6, 1882.

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

deviation the greatest Perhaps in M MEN BASKETBALL 194950 years in recent procedureconference was in 1919. At the closing session {Concluded from page 281 part in any previous year. The

of the October 1918 conference, the attendance that the development of thirtyfive hundred persons who "conference adjourned for six good sportsmanship and the buildsaw the games on the final night of months,"which is the usual proing of good Latterday Saints are the tournament in Salt Lake City cedure. President Joseph F. Smith the Primary purposes of the M Men established a new record for audipassed away on November 19, 1918, basketball program. Many are the ence participation.

while the influenza epidemic had the evidences which show that this Other teams placing in the world in its grip. After open air purpose is being accomplished tournament were: third place

funeral services for President Smith, throughout the Church. Logan Fifth Ward, East Cache

President Heber J. Grant became Records were set this year Stake; fourth place—Edgehill

President of the Church on Novemmore players participated in the Ward, Hillside Stake; fifth place

ber 23, 1918. Public meetings were program than ever before; more Spanish Fork First Ward, Palmyra

banned as a health measure. The teams were registered than took (Concluded on following page)

general conference that would have normally been held in April 1919, was therefore postponed until June

I, 2, and 3, 1919, which conference featured the solemn assembly of sustaining the reorganized First

Presidency and the other General

Authorities of the Church. Next trip

A generation grew to maturity and consequent Church leadershipduring the administration of PresiEAST often him hearddent Grant. They

in the suggest, wanorgood-naturedly ing moments of a conference closing session, that he was going to SOUTH,,.

think about having the next general conference last four days, so they could get through it unhurried. In

checking over the list of the general conferences we found that one of the conferences of President Grant's administration lasted four days

April 3, 4, 5, and 6, 1921. The

April 1841 conference, presided over by the Prophet Joseph Smith met five days, April 6, 7, 8, 9, and

II. Inclement weather halted the

April schedule onconference 10. to Omaha—Chicago general conHarbor After Pearl ferences which were restricted in or Fort Worth—Dallas

attendance to Church leadership When you travel the Way of theZEPHYRS, you enjoy the utmost in travel were held for the duration. The enjoyment—smooth, effortless speed, comfortable airconditioning

April 1942 conference was held in... delicious meals... and your choice of deepcushioned reclining

the Assembly Hall on Temple seat in coaches, or private room or standard berth in sleeping cars.

Square, with some sessions in the TO CHICAGO, speed direct from Salt Lake City aboard the VistaDome upper room of the Salt Lake CALIFORNIA Zephyr. Leave at 5:40 any morning... enjoy daylight

... arrive that 7:00 scenic the Rockies Denver VistaDome views of April 1945 sessionsTemple. The

if afternoon. the Or, next 1:30 Chicago you 4:55 evening, am, Omaha Hall. in also held the Assemblywere ride in the prefer from Denver, time Zephyr Denver to spend someThe Church returned to its tradimile-high city to Chicago... leaving Denver 4:00 the

tional general conference sessions in pm, arriving Omaha 1:10 am, Chicago 9:05 am.

the Salt Lake Tabernacle in October TO texas, ride the TEXAS Zephyr. Leave

1945, at the conference immediately Denver 12:30 pm, arrive Fort Worth 6:00 am,

following the end of hostilities in Dallas 7:15 am. Direct connecting service arrives

World War II. Houston 1:35 pm.

... travel the Throughout the long life of the For extra travel enjoyment

Way of the ZEPHYRS Church, the proceedings of the general conference sessions have been J. H. GREGORY, General Agent

made available to the Church mem218 KearnsSalt LakeBldg. City, Phone:Utah 3-6465

bership who were unable to attend, ''.....,V/::-.'/'and to the world in general.....':...''.

APRIL 1950 329 Sannjdi'A, QonqJiahikdsL PMMdant swhqsL dUbsi/iL Smith, on. hhu SOIL BvdPvdxu M Men Basketball 194950

(Concluded from preceding page)

Stake. This year for the first time

a trophy was awarded to the conHOME OF THE solation, or fifth place winners.

Second place winners received a NATIONALLY FAMOUS trophy and individual awards.

Basketballs were given to the 1,322 teams which placed third and fourth.

Other teams participating were:

Twentysixth Ward, Pioneer Stake; COLORS Mesa Seventh Ward, Mesa Stake;

THE WEST'S MOST Iona Ward, Idaho Falls Stake;

MODERN PAINT & Ephraim South Ward, South SanVARNISH pete Stake; Taylorsville Ward,

FACTORY North Jordan Stake; Studio City

Ward, San Fernando Stake; Reno

Ward, Reno Stake; Orderville

Ward, Kanab Stake; Cedar L.D.S.

Institute, Cedar City, Utah; Nampa

Fourth Ward, Nampa Stake;

Springville Second Ward, Kolob

Stake.

The allChurch honor teams consisted of: First team—Wendell

Hess, Logan Fifth Ward; Udell

Westover, Pleasant Grove First

Ward; Chad L. Germaine, Mesa

Seventh Ward; Don Bone, Twentysixth Ward; Jack Hadfield, Brigtatted Stated and (fyutada, ontyutated ham City Fourth Ward; Second

Walker, Pleasant and friaduced teaim—Garth

Grove First Ward; Preston Merrill,

exctcuiveiy &y Brigham Fourth Ward; Dell

BENNETT'S PAINTS Nichols, Logan Fifth Ward; Sperry

VARNISH CLEANERS, Rueckert, Twentysixth Ward;

WALLPAPERS L-O-F GLASS ( Glen Cooper, Studio City Ward;

TEXOLITE J-M ROOFING 2 1st SOUTH AT 2nd WEST Third team—Gene Elliott, Iona

Ward; Jimmy Fullmer, Springville

Second Ward; J. R. Gibbs, Brigham

City Fourth Ward; Jack Semones,

Edgehill Ward; Paul Jones, SpanFirst Presidency featured in ish Fork First Ward.

motion pictures: wristThe watchesDeseret toNewsfour presentedplayers

chosen for outstanding playing each

October 1949 General Conference Messages day of the meet. Winners were

of - Glen Cooper, Studio City; Garth

Walker, Pleasant Grove; Gene ElPresident George Albert Smith liott, Iona; and Gene McCoun,

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Edgehill.

President David O. McKay The Y.M.M.LA. athletic committee, which directs the M Men

available, without rental charges, in 16 mm basketball program under the disound motion pictures. rection of the general superinWrite for reservation booking tendency, consists of Marvin J.

to Film Library—Audio Visual Aids Department Ashton, Will B. Gillespie, Gerald

G. Smith, and Richard S. Tanner.

The tournament committee consisted of Dale R. Curtis, Walter O. DESERET BOOK COMPANY 1400 Indiana Avenue Woffinden, Verl F. Scott, Parry P. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City, Utah D. Sorensen, and Richard G.

Collett. 330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Diary Habit {Concluded from page 301) worth recording. For these, he at

once began to watch.

At first, his entries were very simple. Opposite one date was the

word crocus; following another, was

gopher; after a third, was robin; and President

following still another, was bluebird. Since he was interested in George

sketching, he making insisted on a EIGHTY TEARS illustrate entry eachdrawing to Albert possible.where This caused him to OF SERVICE carefully.look at objects more Smith

he asked one "Mother,"day as early of TO HIS thehe pages was enjoying his record, covered I have up "now tell of PELLOWMEN $the which names, can you these two birds I intended for a swallow?"I was obliged to confess that I could not. He then showed me a

more recent drawing of the two, and it was quite easy to distinguish the long, slender form of the graceful swallow.

"I can draw better now,"he said with satisfaction. -alt fake %ti

This was not all. As Glen had

progressed in school, the entries in his diary had become more explicit.

He had learned to notice and to put into good English the interesting, amusing, and unusual happenings of everyday life, both indoors that out. foundand He soon every IT IS WITH GREAT AND something with him providedday

worth recording.

When Herman, a younger cousin SINCERE PLEASURE of his, visited us, this little boy bethat, in the diary so interestedcame That We Congratulate of started one help, hewith Glen's his own. His initial entry was under

the month of November and read:28, First Snowstorm. To his great PRESIDENT

delight, Glen showed him how to draw a magnified snowflake. GEORGE ALBERT SMITH My son is eleven now, and his

diary is one of his most prized possessions. It has taught him to be On His Eightieth

observant, to be exact, to record accurately, and to select the illuminatBirthday Anniversary ing details from the nonessentials.

It has developed his ability of selfexpression, too, enlarged his voYOUR EXCLUSIVE HAMMOND ORGAN DEALER cabulary, and proved a delightful pastime. HAVING ALL CHURCH MODELS

In years to come, Glen's diary may be of occupational value to him. Should he develop journalistic The GLENBROS. MUSIC CO.

ability, and this seems likely, his Est. 1907

record will always prove a reliable SALT LAKE OGDEN source of information. In any case,

the diary will remain a rich storehouse of reminders of happy days.

APRIL 1950

M I A THEME

( Concluded from page 294 who has tended us with loving care his prize in the trash can, but our with loving care knows. You may will know and will undoubtedly be loving Gardener has given us the

think that one leaf gone is very sad, for a fresh clean character can opportunity of redeeming ourselves little, but what happens once may easily be crushed, and as with the through humility and repentance, happen again, and so there are more flower, the petals are lost one by and through fasting and prayer.

careless touches and soon petals one. It is my prayer that we as Lattermay no longer be cut from the First comes the petal of honesty, day Saints, and especially the young

flower. It is soon apparent to everyand in its place the brown of ruin people, will meet this challenge and

one that the once lovely gardenia is and deceit. Second comes the petal pass it on that others, too, may

no longer beautiful. A simple weed of virtue and chastity, and in its benefit by its full meaning.

like a dandelion is more appealing place, shame. Third comes the petal "How glorious and near to the

than a brown, driedup gardenia. of selfrespect, and in its place, a angels is youth that is clean. This

And so it is with us. It is never darkened, shriveled spirit. youth has joy unspeakable here, and

"no one will know,"for our Creator The gardener would sadly throw eternal happiness hereafter."

A Church Travel Service 280) from page (Continued

Gates and Jacob nFOR THE FIRST TIME IN YEARS (All of the above except although Apostles, Pulsipher were Zera I of never a member was Oliver Cowdery DO MY OWN

IRONING..."the Council of the Twelve Apostles.)

Says Mrs. Anton W. Olsen Joseph Smith, Sir., and his wife

821 Browning Avenue Lucy Mack Smith lived in the Town

Salt Lake City, Utah (township) of Tunbridge at the

IS IN FRIEND "'A NEED A FRIEND INtime of their marriage and for

I feel This is DEED.'how about the people

who make the Ironrite Ironer. I have been several years thereafter. Their two

done.ill for yearsSince andpurchasinghave had anto hireIronrite,my ironingI can eldest sons, Alvin and Hyrum,

sit relaxed while comfortably thing with no strainI ironat alleveryon were born at Tunbridge Gore. The in my wash

my back or arms. Ironrite's two open ends "gore"was a triangular or "pieto iron ruffles enable all the and lace me

daughters'dresses blouses, and on my and shaped"area which, in the original my husband's shirts are just fun for me now."surveys, had not been included in

any township. It was a sort of

Model 80. (left)

Iron- "no man's land."Its inhabitants Openmodel

rite. Model 85. were without vote as they had no

( shown above) place to register.

closedtop Iron88. Later, by legislative action, the rite. Model

Ironrite Cabin- "gore"was included in the Townette with warpship of Tunbridge. This accounts

proof, hardwood for the fact that early history gives top in mahogany or honey blond. the birthplace of Patriarch Hyrum

its completely "With two while as Tunbridge Gore Smith

Ironrite ends, usable open my in born editions say he was iron will everything I can later wash, quickly and beautifully."the Town of Tunbridge.

Sr., of family Joseph Smith, The I ronrife in places in following Low the Down Payment—easy credit lived

terms. Ask Demonstration. about a FREE Home Vermont and New Hampshire before going to Palmyra, the places

SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION being listed in chronological order:

UTAH Town of Tunbridge, Randolph,

Blake Electric Company Richfield Town of Royalton, Town of Sharon

Clark Company Salt Lake City (Joseph's birthplace), Town of Read Brothers'Ogden Company

Culligan Soft Water Service Salt Lake City Tunbridge, Town of Royalton,

Utah Appliance Company.iProvo Town of Lebanon, New Hampshire

Peterson Electric Appliance Co. Salt Lake City and Norwich, Vermont. From NorIDAHO

C. C Anderson Company Idaho Falls wich they moved to Palmyra, New

Sam H. Jones'Furniture & Appliances Blackfoot York. Where they lived in the

ARIZONA AND NEVADA Mesa, Arizona same township more than once it is Newell Appliance

Clark County Electric Company Las Vegas, Nevada so indicated.

DorrisHeyman Phoenix, Arizona As the Smiths were farmers they

Distributed by GORDON E. WILKINS—IRONERS, INC. did not live in the villages, as far

SALT LAKE CITY PHOENIX LOS ANGELES OAKLAND as the records show, except in

Randolph where they kept a store.

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It was at Lebanon, New Hampshire, arrange for private conveyance, with connections from New York, that Joseph, Jr., had the severe illThe Rutland Railroad, with New Boston, Albany, and other points,

ness resulting in the operation on York Central and other connections runs through Brattleboro, Bellows his leg. While living there Hyrum between New York City and Falls, and White River Junction,

attended Dartmouth Academy Montreal, runs through Rutland, connecting at the latter point with (now University) at Hanover, New Burlington, and other places in the Central Vermont line.

Hampshire, five miles north. Leavwestern Vermont. From Rutland Nearest airport to South Royaling Lebanon they moved to Norbus connections can be made to ton is at White River Junction,

wich, Vermont, directly across the White River Junction and either eighteen miles southeast on highConnecticut River from Hanover. north or south from there. Buses way 14. From the west, United

While living in the Town of also run from Rutland to Bellows Air Lines goes to New York with

Sharon, on the Solomon Mack farm, Falls, connecting there with lines connections for White River JuncJoseph Smith, Sr., taught school at either north or south. Another bus tion via Northeast Airlines. Other

Bethel. (See map.) line runs from Bennington on the airports are at Rutland, Burlington,

The cities of Montpelier, Barre, Rutland Railroad line to BrattleMontpelier, and Barre.

Burlington, Rutland, Bennington, boro, with connections to South Next instalment: the WhitingBellows Falls, and Brattleboro have Royalton. ham, Vermont, area birthplace of

no special relation to Church hisThe Boston and Maine Railroad, Brigham Young.

tory and are included as orientation points only. Barre is the location

of the leading granite quarries for JOHN DEERE No. 5

which Vermont is famous. Themonuments at the birthplace of MOWER POPULATION

Joseph Smith and at Hill Cumorah granite. Barrewere made of

Principal routes for auto travel to cotttUuceaTo anaw

South Royalton are from Albany to

Falls, then Glens Falls, Hudson (all to BY LEAPS AND BOUNDS York),Whitehall in New

Rutland, and then either to White the southerlyRiver Junction by satisfied of the big owners are THOUSANDS JVIaNY of the heart route, the or through continues population Deere No. 5 Mower reasons why the John

Green Mountains to North Sherto grow by leaps and bounds. These owners have proved to their

burne, Pittsfield, Bethel, Royalton, neighbors that the No. 5 is a much better buy—proved that it

and South Royalton, the latter being does better work... proved that it cuts mowing costs... proved

a somewhat shorter route. that it lasts longer and costs less for upkeep.

Approaching from the south, the The No. 5 is an easyon, easyoff mower that works with any

direct route is from Bridgeport or tractor-—cuts from 2 5 to 35 acres per day. Its hinged hitch bar

Hartford, Connecticut; Springfield, and caster wheel carriage insure flexibility for cleaner cutting,

Northampton, and Greenfield, easier steering, square corners.

Massachusetts, and then along the Cutting parts are of highest quality materials. Simple adjustspring performance. years add of new mower A safety Connecticut River, which divides ments

bar, power for release the cutter clutch on the and a slip

Vermont from New Hampshire, to safeguard against breakage. shaft

Brattleboro, White River Junction, information for further dealer on the Deere your John All Royalton. the points Southand but equalled that's by copied by many been No. Mower See5—the indicated are road shown on maps folder. free for today none. Write

which should be consulted for exact distances.

Buses run to South Royalton from White River Junction and points south from Massachusetts,

Connecticut, and New York, and from Barre, Montpelier, Burlington, and points north as far as Montreal.

The Central of Vermont Railroad runs through South Royalton, with connections to New Hampshire and Massachusetts points, including Boston and south. It also

runs north with connections to northern Vermont points and Canada. There is no public transportation available from South MO LINE, ILLINOIS

Royalton to Smith JOHN DEERE the Joseph

Memorial Cottage. It is necessary to

APRIL 1950 333

the Blueprint Drawing THE NEW DODGE WAYFARER (Continued 6-PASSENGER SEDAN Southerners,from pageand 27S)the rumor passed around that Joseph Smith had invited all free Negroes to come to Independence to join his group.

( Details B. After signing a paper presented by Joseph Smith and

a number of Saints promising only not to molest

Do not be satisfied with just o look. Take a drive in the sensational the Mormons unlawfully,

car everyone is talking about. Adam Black, Justice of the

DELIVERED IN SALT LAKE CITY FOR ONLY Peace, made a public statement that the paper was of "a disgraceful character"$196950 and that he signed it only

COME IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION when threatened with death

IMMEDIATE DELIVERY! by more than a hundred

men. armed Inc. Co., Motor Lyman

( Details St. 9-7655 City Salt Lake 1000 So. Main

C. After the Battle of Crooked

River, the rumor was circulated that three or four hunFOR 1950 - ITS FRIGIDAIRE! dred Mormons attacked

Captain Bogard's company of fifty men and killed all Look Outside! Cook fnskje! but three or four; actually,

the Mormon force was You Can't Match a monsabout andsixty,oneandofthreeBogard'sMormen were killed.

(Details) FRIGIDAIRE Other ideas, especially in longer

New goldand-white beauty! speeches, may be more complex, and

New aluminum rustproof shelves! you may wish to analyze them as

New fulllength door! you did your central idea before

you use specific examples and supNew "Ice Blue"interior trim! porting material; for instance, you

may want to show that the MisPrices Start at $184.75 sourians feared both the political

See These Sparkling New Models At Your Nearest FRIGIDAIRE and economic power of the

Dealers Mormons.

W. H. BINTZ COMPANY II. increasingThe "old politicalsettlers"andfearedeconomicthe

Intermountain Distributor Salt Lake City, Utah Boise, Idaho power of the Mormons.

A. As their numbers were increasing, the Mormons were

becoming formidable political rivals of opposing groups. THE ALEXANDRIA WHY BUILD HALF A HOUSE?

Complete your FARMERS UNION program by insur- 1. They were in the majority

ing with insurance your companies. own HOTEL in some counties.

Farmers Union dollar, just Insurance as your 5th <S Spring Sts. Your

Farmers seed, dollar, Union oil and fertilizer (Examples) can

CALIF. Also, save ANGELES, you your Farmers money. Union dollars LOS or a majority 2. Whether are aiding your Farmers cooperatives. Union When of the appointment Announces

insure with your you Farmers Insurance Union Comthey voted minority group, H. BECKETT panies you get: RAY

as Associate Manager if Low Rates if Dividends as a body.

(formerly if Standard Resident Mgr. of

T*r Prompt &PoliciesEfficient if* AdditionalSupport & AssistanceService (Examples) Hotel) Lankershim

REPRESENTATIVE UNION YOUR HOST ON THE SEE YOURClaim FARMERSService to Cooperatives B. By their industry and united OR efforts, the Mormons were

OFFICE STATE CONTACT COAST gaining economic advantages

FARMERS UNION COOPERATIVE the "old settlers."over L.D.S. MEET YOUR INSURANCE ( Examples

P. O. Box 1438 139 North 3rd West FRIENDS HERE

500 ROOMS WITH BATH Salt Lake City 11, Utah Drawing plans for a speech can be fun, especially if you consider it 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a challenge to your ability to think through a problem logically and completely. And the rewards are

high. Careful organization is a Congratulations

necessary step toward a successful speech. If listeners can follow your

ideas easily, it is not unlikely that they will be convinced, for underPresident George Albert Smith standing is the first step toward persuasion. on your

Draw your blueprint carefully.

80th Birthday

Friend of the Lamanites (Continued from page 293) THE HOUSE OF Westingllouse SALUTES YOU!

many other places have all enjoyed visits from President Smith.

At Taos, New Mexico, one of Westinghouse Electric Supply Co.

the oldest Indian villages in that area, President Smith and his party 210 Rio Grande St Salt Lake City learned of the customs which have been followed in that village for several centuries. In visits to Indian villages long since abandoned,

President Smith has indicated his extensive knowledge of Indian history. (I {Book, 9& you. Want

On his visit to Mexico in 1946,

President Smith performed a remarkable service as he welcomed dnsfback into the Church a group of (BmJl—

splendid people who had labored ASK US ABOUT IT under a misunderstanding for some time whose hearts had been Chances are we can give you immediate information warmed, and they were turned back as to price, exact title, and availability. If we don't have

to the Church by President Arwell it, we can get it for you promptly. If it's outof-print, we

L. Pierce of the Mexican Mission, may still be able to get you a good secondhand copy.

and others. His kind and friendly

attitude won them over as friends, and impressive reunion services under his direction climaxed efforts oflong standing to win back these sinZION'S BOOK STORE cere people. On this journey Presi65 East Second South

dent Smith attended services in Salt Lake City I- Utah Phone 4-3465 humble Church edifices as well as in larger buildings and met the people on common ground. He visited

their homes and ministered to the sick. His visit there and the reWANT

sults will long be remembered. TO STOP SMOKING?

discovery, can new medical habit. tasting. Pleasant One of the most extended trips HAPPY BIRTHDAY NicoStop,stop the tobacco help youA

among the children of Father Lehi to few drops on the tongue relieves craving AT

poisons. tobacco by Recommendedwas taken by President Smith in PRESIDENT ONCEcumulatedphysicians,and starts clearing the system of acprescription. without but sold

visited1938. the Saints of cost the only weeks'Priced at a few He ALBERT SMITH in GEORGE

If smoking. not guarantee. Moneyback all practically of theHawaii and to druggist's, at write your Health and available May GoodPacific Islands of where members Peace Abide With You NICOSTOP living.the are Church made He For Years to Come. Many NICOSTOP, CALIF. BOX 193, SAINT HELENA,friends of all classes, the including

Please send further information about NicoStop. Sincerely,royalty contacts has maintained and

since his visit with many of his THE LANG CDMPANY, INC. Name

newlymade friends. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Address

Those who believe that the day City State (Concluded on following page) APRIL 1950 335 FRIEND OF THE EAMANITES tfkuAcJL (Concluded from preceding page) from Canada, Mexico, and the isJJul of the Lamanites is at hand will be lands of the sea. The prophecies

heartened with the attitude of our regarding the Lamanites are being beloved Church leader and with the fulfilled, and undoubtedly the next reports which are being received few years will be full of interest and from all parts of the United States, promise for Father Lehi's children.

Congratulates the president of its board of trustees,

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

on his 80th birthday anniversary.

rlwausiwau5 -Jttomorrow

President Smith When was BY RICHARD L. EVANS five old this institution years

was founded by his great predins week we are worried. This week we are crowded. ecessor, Brigham Young. T This week we are frantically trying to do some of

the things we have left too long. But next week—next

Under the guidance of other week is going to be different! Next week things will

wise leaders, it has been a ease up. Next week we shall have time for some of those

leader in the time which has longneglected loose ends. Next week we shall be "over

. paralleled President Smith's life. the hump"—and then—then—Tomorrow—always to-. Tomorrow we shall feel easier. Tomorrow morrow—

The University is honored to our work will be in better order. Tomorrow we shall

count President Smith among relax. Tomorrow we shall live! But "tell me,"said

its illustrious alumni, and is Marcus Martial some nineteen centuries ago, "tell me,...

grateful for his contributions when does that tomorrow of yours come?"Often it seems

to its greatness. we live for the relief that is not now. Often it seems that

we live for the time when we shall live more like we should

Now under the guidance of like to live. But next week or next month isn't likely his wisdom and vision, it looks to be much different—unless we do something to make

forward to vast expansion and it different. This is true for various reasons: It is true

importance in the advancement because we so often say "yes"when we know we ought of the world's science and culto say "no."It is true because we often say we shall do

ture. things that seem easy a few days off—but which are

difficult to do when the day comes for doing them. We

incur debts and promise to pay. Right now it looks as if

too be wouldn't dSnaklam 1/ omtq'j it is a debt due. when difficult.We sometimesBut the neglectfuture thingscomes thatfast

have to do with our safety and our very salvation. And we

find ourselves apologizing for our failure to do what should Uniuet'dit9 be done because, as we say, we haven't had time. And,

PROVO, UTAH of course, it is true that making a living, and other "unavoidable"activities, often press us into patterns that are not of our choosing. But even those of us who are

most pressed for time, even those of us who have the least choice, have some choice. And the fact that we choose to

AVAILABLE NOW do some things and don't choose to do other things is often

Teachers, for Missionaries, Lecturers, Home Use

Q CHURCH LANDMARKS an indication of what we consider to be most important.

BOOK OF MORMON O LANDS There isn't much reason to suppose that there will be

In Beautiful Kodachrome inch 8-16 Movies, next or year. or next slides any week tomorrow mm more time 2x2 The

List on Request Free is will if there difference, in any, be a difference what we FILMS TRAVEL MEXICHROME

Box 391 Rochester, New York do with our time. Next week may be better; next year

may be better. But it will have a better chance of being

better if we do something to make it better. "Tell me,

... when does that tomorrow of vours come?"

Freshly StoneGround, Untreated

Flour and Cereals Whole Wheat 100% lA/onl Uk& Spoken FROM TEMPLE SQUARE etc. Juices, Butters, Raw Sugar, Nut & PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADWESTERN HOSPITALITY SERVICE K CASTING SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 26, 1950

So.23 West 3rd Salt Lake City Copyright King Features 5-0632 or Murray 1197-R Phone

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Scouting and Explorer Ages h (Concluded from page 256) Many Happy Returns h scouting through the National and Local h leaders, with and many Scouts of various of The Birthday hfaiths, I convinced am that participation in this splendid program is one of the most h worthwhile experiences our boys can have. of h

The ideals of scouting, like the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ are intended boys better to make companions, usefulmore citizens, indi PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH and happier viduals.

Latterday Saint Scouts, because of the,/... a great spiritual leader who has for so

teachings, traditions, and their background, ought to be the best Scouts in all the many successful years preached the doctrine world. The helpful and constructive teachings of scouting, added to the vital and of happiness through true Christian living.

inspired teachings of the Church, give our boys every incentive to become outstanding

Scouts, true Latterday Saints, and loyal citizens. -- MERRILLMERRILL && CO.CO. It is my desire to see scouting extended | MORRISONMORRISON

to every boy in the Church where that is at all possible. I SaltSalt LakeLake City,City, UtahUtah f

President George Albert Smith y PocatelioPocatelio -- BoiseBoise -- TwinTwin Falls,Falls, IdahoIdaho Reno,Reno, NevadaNevada

Any boy who goes through the merit badge program has the equivalent of a junior college education. It is a valuable WITH COVERS

part of the program of the Church.

Where scouting is properly used, it will do much for the boys of our Church....

The ideals of scouting follow the ideals of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterCo6* Saints.day MAROON,

George F. Richardr, BLUE OR

TRADITIONAL It is our desire to see the quorums of the BLACK

Aaronic Priesthood and the Scouts and

Explorers of the M.I.A. go forward in

these companion programs for the development and benefit of the boys and young men of the Church.

We have seen so much good come from FOR TEACHERS

Bible. Reference 254X No. of thethe programs Boy Scouts of Amerflexible, fully Pocketica anxious all that we are to see the thick. only onesize,inch

members of the Aaronic Priesthood quopaper edition, boldface Indiatype.

rums of proper ages also active in these FOR STUDENTSoutstanding programs for boys.

We look upon the Scout and Explorer In using milk for cooking and No.signed123for TextyoungBible.peopleDebaking you'll be to ideal amazedprograms as valuable and important helps Many forpagesgiftsof orhelpsawards.andin our responsibility discover of guiding how much money the young illustrations.

of themen Church in religious activities. Wetheirgladlyspiritualendorseand youMilk. saveCompareby usingthe costMorningof 5 BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION

these programs desire to and see used them tall of cans Milk Morning to the best possible in advantage trainthe with 4 quarts of bottled milk.ing and of guidance in our boys their and

is Smoothrich Milk Morningdevelopment as honorable citiuseful andzens and worthy members of the Church. not only economical, it gives national bibles

you best results in all your Wherever Bibles are Sold LeGrand Richards recipes.

Joseph L. Wirthlin

Thorpe B. Isaacson

The Presiding Bishopric ANCIENT AMERICA I am very happy to give the Boy Scout MORNING movement my full endorsement.... I feel Read History of in

ofthat thousands our boys been have helped in becoming living good up MILK "THE AMERICA'S BEFORE men by to the principles of the Boy Scout moveCOLUMBUS"ment. $5.00

President Heber J. Grant SUNVISTA See Illustrated in

Delicious BLACKEYED PEAS COLOR SLIDES 50 for $25.00

The Aaronic Priesthood, Sunday School, BUTTER BEANS Write Direct to the Author program, and scouting together provide BABY LIMA BEANS

BEANS DEWEY FARNSWORTH finestthe program in the world boy CHILI today GREENPINTO PEPPERS Street Montana 4635 boys.for our PINTO BEANS WITH PORK

El Paso, Texas v Grocers At Your President Anthony W. Ivins

APRIL 1950 337

ON THE BOOKRACK

IN THE LAND OF THE FAITH LIKE THE ANCIENTS of the book, by Dr. Milton R. Hunter

FEATHERED SERPENT (N. B. Lundwall, compiler. Bookcraft, of the First Council of the Seventy,

the book. Salt Lake City. 1950. 297 pages. forms a good introduction to Herald House Hanson.(Paul M.

-/. A. $3.75.) W. of the Reorganized division[publishing

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day XJearly one hundred faithpromoting selected here stories been have Independence,Saints]. Mo. 127 pages; TRAIL HANDCART THE periodicals Saint and Latterday from $3.00.63 illustrations. Mesa, Arizona. (Eliza M. Wakefield. the stories from are books. The

HpHlS volume, of interest to all stumouths of faithful officers and members 32 pages [octavo] with map and 56 dents of the Book of Mormon, is who have been diligent in building the illustrations.

really an amplification and confirmation latterday kingdom of the Lord. Each '"Phis is a valuable compilation of maof the author's volume, Jesus Christ story bears witness in its own way to terial relative to the handcart

Americans. the Ancient The Christ the the gospel of Jesus truth ofAmong companies. It contains the rare daytrips into exploration recordsvolume the Prophet through Joseph as restored

Mexico and the lands southward. The Smith. The reader is made to breathe byday journal of Twiss Bermingham,

results of the journeys are told simply the air of the certain faith and aboundIrish convert, who was in the first and clearly, with mature comprehening courage of the gospel century handcart company. This journal was

sion of the civilizations represented by passed. It shows repeatedly the power first published by the American Legion

the ruins examined. The many illusof the restored priesthood. This inMagazine under the title, "To Utah by

trations are especially intriguing. Nearspiring and informative book, a book Hand,"and is here reproduced with

ly all are original with the author—and for the home as well as for the stuthe excellent, often poignant, illustramany are not found elsewhere in pubdent, may be read continuously or in tions by Lowell M. Balcom.

lished of stories archaerecords permits, for the American periods as time artisticology. design Excellent of are short independent one The brochure will furnish interestand and

mechanical perfection make the volanother. It will build the desire to ing, often hearttouching reading for

ume beautiful to the eye. The book is be "like the ancients."Of course, the Latterday Saints and all who are inanother evidence for the truth of the collection is not exhaustive. Hundreds terested in the drama of the founding

divinely inspired record, the Book of of other stories are awaiting the hand of the West. It should be in every

A. W.Mormon. J. A. W. of a patient compiler. The foreword collector's library.—/.

Missionaries Who Left for Field February 15

MISSIONARIES ENTERING MISSION HOME W. Hoopes, Barbara Burnham, Alfred H. Baker, Jr., Moore, Joe Winkler, LeGrand Neerings, Mardelt

FEBRUARY 6, AND DEPARTING FEBRUARY 15, 1950 Iota H. Johnson, Marion Johnson, Arlin L. dines. Brinkerhoff.

Sixth row: Lawrence W. Hansen, Joseph C. Wood, Eleventh row: Dale K. Black, Martin Williamson,

Reading from left to right, first row: George Val Daryl C. Dangerfield, Lloyd C. Burnett, Edward M. Morris Ben Glover, Garth V. Hall, Clarence Jolley,

Coleman, Vern D. Stocking, Erma Tew, Ellen SchoThomas, Reid L. Harper, Richard M, Fowles, Curtis Milton J. Olsen, Eugene Talbot, Donald Sessions,

field, Don B. Colton, director; Mavis Moore, Dolly G. Taylor, Rita Miller, Leo Miller, Jack Walker, Harlow B. Jones, William H. Ludwig, Jay L. Peterson.

H. Bell, Ellen Garner, Milo Glade Morrill. Lowell F. Hofhines, Marvin S. Heslop. Twelfth row: Bobbie A. Baldouf, Fred O. Wald,

Second row: Jay O. Mortensen, Owen Bartholomew, Seventh row: Donald J. Norton, Tom Jensen, Earl Gerald B. Lambourne, Parry D. Harrison, Wayne W.

Richard LaMont Pope, Revere F. Nelson, Elliot C. R. Prete, Gordon M. Wood, Reid Campbell, Thomas Thomas, George L. Albright, Lael D. Hepworth,

Morris, Nona L. Dutson, Donna Holt, Etouise Boren, DeLoy Nielson, Wallace E. Hunt, Wayne Richmond. Calvin K. Smith, Alton J. Mathie, Ward P. Wilson.

Lloyd K. Boren. Eighth row: Don Mathis, Jack M. Stevens, Thirteenth row: Carleton Anderson, Ray Cottani.

Third row: Joseph Austin, Norene Mackay, Joseph Gerald Wood, William Duwayne Koplin, Preston R. Ramon Chapman, George B. Everton, Frank Longson,

Anderson, Dale Earl Talbot, Robert Baumli, Steve Clark, C. Carlos Loveland, Don Keith Whatcott, Milton Hintze, Richard S. Nixon, Douglas H.

Scirkovich, Doyle W. Lowry, Isabella Edison, Dolores Dale R. Shumway, LaVar A. Jones, Wayne Webb, Thayer, Gordon R. Dorny, Job S. Measom, Kenneth

Powers, Ruby Matson, Laurence Matson. Leo S. Holdaway, Darrel L. Clegg, Earl James Jensen, Artimus Millet, William J. Schultz, Tom

Fourth row: Alfred Solomon Holmgren, Frederick Crowther. Vandenberghe, Lloyd Whetten, Ronald W. Lund.

Bateman Baugh, Jr., LaRee Goates, Lorna Jolley, Ninth row: Carl Copley, Melvin Hepworth, D. Ree Fourteenth raw: Glen E. Carpenter, George E.

Virginia Pearson, Joy Ivie, Doris Snapp, Bonnie Jean Walton, Robert C. Kvavle, Keith B. Merryweather, Collard, Jr., Frederick G. Johnson, Jr., Arthur O.

Theobald, Glenda Cropper, Alfred Heywood, Gaylon Joseph O. Stuart, Vernon L. Murdock, Loran S. Nauman, F. Noel Hatch, James Crawley, John

Henrie, Murray Nichols. Dansie, Blain Wilson. Remington, Amos Ban Neff.

Fifth row: Thomas Chamberlain, Vel Dean ChamTenth row: Basil H. Dunn, Ken Gillie, Richard Fifteenth row: Robert F. Clyde, Rollo S. Jones,

berlain, Lorene Cheney, Grant Pilling, Beth HokanTerry, Thomas M. Hooker, Gustave Bollschweiler, Eldon B. Pulsipher, Graver D. Jensen.

son, Lu Jean Sanders, James B. Collyer, Jr., Gerald Carl F. Retzlaff, Merrill Kay Bradshaw, Ralph L.

c> i\ s 14B

i

1mlHI

"'JUW 1 \ i ft \ ""'"Ms;M

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tribute to a Qreat JCeader

A O President George Albert Smith, ardent churchman, loved and respected, we extend our sincere wishes for

many more years of vigorous health, personal happiness

and leadership of a great people.

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY

George Mueller, President

Ii mitm TABLE QUEEN BreaD

APRIL 1950 339 &WV mmxyyms t

A NEW AUTHOR ADDRESS OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOME

Haycock, who wrote P\ Arthur "A 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th 6 "C,"San Diego, Calif. I—'* the President"(page Day With

288), used to augment his high school shorthand studies by going to sacrament meeting and taking down the sermon for practice edification. and his own At THE LIGHT TOUCH eighteen call to the accepted a he

Hawaiian Mission. There his activities

were varied, including serving for a Long Memory?

time as mission secretary. He has been

in the superintendency School Sunday are about her memory. "There was boasting A woman

of of wards, a a number three things I can't ward clerk, and only "I can't she said. remember,"

stake clerk. In February 1947 he was remember names. I can't remember faces, And I can't resustained as bishop of the then newlymember what the third thing was."

formed Riverview Ward.

HAYCOCK Vocationally he has had wide experience: as secretary and accountant in the All In A Day's Work

finance department of the Church for a number of years, as assistant superintendent of the Salt Lake City Union Fiveyear-old William had been taught that Sunday is not

Depot and Railroad Co. In June 1947, at President George a day for play. One Sunday morning his mother found

Albert Smith's reguest, he left The Improvement Era, where him sailing his toy boat in the bathtub.

he had served as office manager for two years, to become "William,"she said, "don't you know it is wicked to sail i

President Smith's secretary. Currently he is a member of boats on the Sabbath?"

the Riverside (Salt Lake City) Stake high council. He and "Don't worry, mother,"he replied. "This isn't a pleasure

Maurine McClellan Haycock are the parents of three daughtrip. This is a missionary boat going to Africa."

ters, Marilyn, Judith, and Ann Lynnette.

Obvious -<s>- A police officer was preparing to fingerprint an offender.

Veterans Administration Center "Wash your hands,"he ordered.

Hot Springs, South Dakota "Both of them?"

Dear Editor: The police officer hesitated for a moment.

f am a fulltime Protestant Chaplain at this center and wish "No,"he said, grimly, "just one of them. I want to see

'to thank you on behalf of our eight hundred men here how you do it."

for your fine magazine, which is on thtne magazine rack the reading room of our library. Good Percentage

Many of our men read to help pass the time away, and I that assure can you is being magazine used here. your too so city dweller health wasn't the Eastern His good, any

this for again fine gesture of yours. Thank you to live in the place looking Southwest. for a In one went

Gratefully, small town in Arizona, he approached an oldtimer sitting on

I /s/ Rev. St. Clair Vannix the steps of the general store.

Chaplain "Say,"he asked, "what's the death rate around here?"

"Same as it is back East, bub,"answered the old fellow,

Philadelphia, Pa. one to a person."

Dear Editors:

appreciate Immortal your taking poem, "Our so much my Dying the Part I select of the the quality verse Loves,"for you makes it to to his a author the compliment have poems any on part of Lincoln the actor touring has played Abraham A fine retruly the of of pages Era. Improvement One The the of great the habits that has so times he assumed many

I is writing, the friends of found, one makes. have wards new characteristic garb. far to as adopt president, so even going

I it It is is think, for thing, the lovely recognition a of very tall Lincoln's of in hat the day, Recently, dressed cape and in for similar each, love beauty, that each of simpatica a a actor. to repertory he another gravely nodded rests like hearts, sufferfevered a gentle heaven from on dew until earshot, of the out the impersonator Waiting was trials griefs. ing their and many satisfied until other will fellow he be never murmured: "That

all for you, wishes thanks, good and With is assassinated."

Most sincerely,—Tidbits

/s/ Ormonde Butler

Lima, Ohio Dear Editors: Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years;

Please renew my subscription to the Era as I most certainly people grow old by deserting their ideals.

do not wish to miss an issue. I am especially interested

in "The Fort on the Firing Line"as southwestern Colorado so of years, remember for and I many home many my person remains immature, his whatever A age, as long as in the story. mentioned the locale people, incidents, wasthe and

thinks he of himself as an exception to the race. human before the comes of Era Improvement copy The As my

theirs, usually they read mine receive here missionaries and study. for reading and highlights Our point out the my later

in breaking doing a wonderful here are missionaries work is Democracy a system under which a person didn't who friendly relations establishing beprejudices old and down rest vote the can of spend kicking the year about the candicreeds older, here. the popular more our tween Church and

the dates elected. other people

Very truly yours, /s/ Alice M. Burnett—Wall Street Journal

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sS5sfl@gss*

APRIL 1950 341 Can YOUR property qualify for this

STAMP of APPROVAL?

This stamp of approval, won by welllocated, wellbuilt, wellmaintained property, carries with it the advantages of General of America's sound and unique fire insurance plan.

This "preferred risks"plan of fire insurance, which reduces losses by rejecting bad risks, has given the strongest possible protection to countless thousands at a substantial savings in insurance costs. This plan applies to good homes, business and If you cannot conveniently locate

public properties. Coupled with the GENERAL'S reputation a General America agent, further

for prompt, fair settlement of claims the preferred risk plan information about this plan may be obtained by writing General of has helped build General of America into one of the largest America Companies, Salt Lake capital stock insurance companies in the nation. City Branch, Excelcis Bldg., 8 West

Second South Street.

YOUR PROPERTY PROBABLY QUALIFIES AS A PREFERRED RISK.

CHECK WITH YOUR GENERAL AMERICA AGENT TODAY

General Insurance Company of America

First National Insurance Co. of America

General Casualty Company of America

H.K.DENT, Pres. HOME OFFICE: SEATTLE, WASHINGTON

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A.?>--

<eFour score years...

With sincere pleasure arid admiration the Rio Grande joins the members of hts Church and the American community in congratulating President

George Albert Smith on h*is 80th Birthday Anniversary.

The Rio Grande shares with President Smith a growing satisfaction in the sound growth of the mountain empire. The ideals of religious freedom, community devotion, and hard work on which the Utah Commonwealth was founded, are today reflected in a community pride and a

Church known and respected the World around. President Smith's inspiration and leadership provide members of his Church and the mountain

area with a firm foundation in the future.

APRIL 1950 343

I Sharing The Gospel With Others

by President George Albert Smith

This book reveals the spirit and mind of a man whose life is rich with many unusual associations, varied experiences, significant responsibilities.

Many decades in the service of the Church, innumerable occasions for bearing his testimony. Countless opportunities to meet important and obscure people, duties which have

taken him to the far corners of the earth and an inborn good will toward all men, giving him a broad understanding of people, deep regard for their well being, steadfast devotion to the will of the Lord and a strong desire to share the gospel with others.

Whoever reads this book will discover a warm, sincere and generous friend.

$2.50

Other books Through which the Gospel is Shared

BOOK OF MORMON, DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, PEARL

OF GREAT PRICE, Combination Leather, gilt edge, India paper edition $7.50

THE HOLY BIBLE Cambridge University—Bible Dictionary and Concordance

L. D. S. Missionary Ready Reference $9.25

JESUS, THE CHRIST - by James E. Talmage

The life and teachings of the Savior, according to ancient and modern scripture. Cloth..-. $2.75

Leather, India paper edition $7.50

ARTICLES OF FAITH - by James E. Talmage

Doctrines of the Restored Church. Cloth $2.00

Leather, India paper edition $6.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City 10, Utah

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HENRY FORD II AND PRESIDENT SMITH

\Jn hi$ Claktletk fc5irtkda f i

we pay honor to

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

distinguished leader of

the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

FORD DEALERS

OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN AREA

APRIL 1<? c 345

(n\\J people count...

I HE figures that constitute the yearend statement of At the same time, life insurance funds perform a double

The Equitable Life Assurance Society may seem overduty in the economic life of our nation. While they are

whelming at first glance... but they readily come providing protection, they are also financing homes,

alive when considered in terms of the human values building factories, helping to improve railroads, parthey portray. ticipating in scores of industries—in short, contributing

For the bigness of life insurance is not so much in the materially to the highest living standard known to mankind. number of dollars cited as in the "force for good"which they represent. Equitablelife-insurancedollars Look beyond the figures in this annual report and you

mean that Joe Winston of Akron will graduate from will see life Insurance in action on many levels. But

college next June... that Alice Regan, a young widow remember, it is the human level which is of greatest

in Dallas, is able to make a real home for her children concern to us... for after all, only people count.

... that 69year-old George Field of Bridgeport is

selfsupporting, and selfrespecting. Multiply these

people by many thousands and you have a picture of what life insurance accomplishes in promoting /C-t-Zw*- President human welfare.

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONDITION as of December 3T, 1949 Resources Per Obligations Per 'Bonds and Stocks Cent Policyholders'Funds Cent

U. S. Government obligations..$ 776,988,507 (14.8) To cover future payments under

Dominion of Canada obligations. 270,576,208 ( 5.1) insurance and annuity contracts

Public utility bonds 671,974,696 (12.8) in force $4,327,175,473 (82.2

Railroad obligations 480,003,566 ( 9.1) Held on deposit for policyholders

Industrial obligations 1,633,663,952 (31.0) and beneficiaries 306,424,344 ( 5.8)

Other bonds. 158,635,069 ( 3.0) Dividends and annuities left

Preferred and guaranteed stocks 57,513,967 ( 1.1) on deposit with The Society

Common stocks 7,258,157 ( 0.1) at interest 1 15,149,568 ( 2.2)

Mortgages and Real Estate Policy claims in process of payment 0.4) 23,935,298 I and business detailed Residential For a more Premiums paid in advance by (12.5) mortgages 657,176,355

of statement The Equitable ( policyholders 1.6) 85,297,962 ( 2.3) Farm mortgages 122,447,952

Dividends to due and unpaid Society's operations during Residential business and

, policyholders 0.1) 5,303,863 ( 0.1) properties 7,442,392 ( of for write a 1949, copy

Allotted for as dividends Housing developments and other President's the to Report distribution ( during 1950. 1,3)...,., 68,400,541 real estate purchased

the of Board Directors.

( for investment 2.1) 110,776,853

branch office and Home Liabilities Other buildings 0.2) 10,846,336 (

( state federal, 0.2) and other. Taxes—

Other Assets in-. 8,285,000 Expenses accrued, unearned

( 1.8) Cash 92,604,234 terest other obligations... ( 0.1) and 6,883,896

( to 2.5) policyholders Loans 133474,786

Premiums in process of collection 38,085,589 ( 0.7)

Interest and rentals accrued Surplus Funds and other assets 39,820,549 ( 0.8) To cover all contingencies 322,433,223 ( 6.1)

TOTAL. $5,269,289,168 (100) TOTAL $5,269,289,168 (100)

public $4,711, on 208 with requirements subject In accordance value, depositare statedwith authorities.amortized and

at the valued as Association 31, at theirNational prescribed the market quotationsof law, allonbondsIncludingDecember of Insuranceall otherCommissioners.bonds and stocks are to 1949amortization by

THE EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF THE UNITEO STATES

THOMAS I. PARKINSON PRESIDENT

393 SEVENTH AVENUE NEW YORK 1, NEW YORK

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MISSOURI PACIFIC v LINES /

Salute George Albert Smith

J t is especially Pitting mat the JMissoun x acme Lines join m a tribute to trie x resident ol trie Lnurcn ol J esus 1 or, like that great (church, vnnst ol -Latterday oaints. X

lirst railroad to be built and trie JVxissouri x acilic—

operated west ol trie JVxississrppi JLViverwas a pioneer m trie development ol trie West.

We extend heartiest congratulations and our sincere good wishes to x resident ibnuth 7 the great leader ol a great Church, on his eightieth anniversary.

S. L. LOVE

Genera/ Agent

Missouri Paciric Lines Salt Lake City, Utah

*PRIL 1950 347 To get better oil for you...

To bring you the finest products...

To help him earn a good living.

A Standard Oiler works with $41,073 worth of tools

It has long been known that the better It is our responsibility to keep his "kit a man's tools, the more he can produce of tools"in excellent shape and provide and earn. more if he needs them. To that end,

The farmer with one plow and a horse $450,000,000 has been invested in new cannot produce anywhere near as much plants and facilities since the close of the war. as today's farmer with a gang plow and

a tractor. And today's oilman is a far more

efficient producer of good products than ever in history... because he is backed by

a tremendous investment in tools.

Every one of the 29,970 employees of |

Standard of California and our subsidiary companies has behind him $41,073 worth of equipment. With it, he produces more

and earns more than ever before—his

average income last year was $4083.81

in wages.

APRIL 1950 349 PLACE IS THE THIS The Valley of the Great Salt Lake. The place

Brigham Young in 1847 began building a dream...

a dream, based on faith, that became a way of life—and founded a great empire.

Like Brigham Young, the men who followed him built strong and true. Men like George Albert Smith,

who on April 4, 1870, began his life in the

Valley of the Great Salt Lake.

Today, as President of the Church of Jesus Christ

of LatterDay Saints, he continues his work of making yesterday's and today's dreams realities...and shaping dreams for the future.

It is a privilege to join in honoring

George Albert Smith in this, the month of the

anniversary of his birth. It is a source of quiet pride

that since 1880 our company has furnished many of the steel sinews that helped men like

George Albert Smith build well.

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Congratulations f

&tf Mrte to 1

President George Albert Smith

$te Birthday 1 M

J

Officers and Directors

of the UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

and H HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

55 General Agent

APRIL 1950 351 on Any in Any Contour.. for Any Crop...

Condition...

an OLIVER Cramffe.rA better!

When spraying schedules must be met in spite ing in row crops. And, the mighty Model "D"

ofmud... when seeding steep slopes >.. when has plenty of power to hustle along multiple

soil is sandy or sticky or soft—that's when an implement hookups in large scale operations.

OLIVER Crawler pays off! Ask your neighborhood OLIVER dealer to

OLIVER Crawlers are built especially for the help you pick the power that meets your re* diversified farm in sizes and models to handle quirements best. Also available is a full line of

a multitude of ordinary and odd jobs -.. from soilsaving machines that fit OLIVER Crawlers

land clearing to caring for cultivated crops.—loaders, 'dozers, terracers, etc.—plus a wide

The versatile Model "HG", for example, is variety of mounted and trailertype tools. The

available in four tread widths—31, 42, 60 and OLIVER Corporation, 400 West Madison

68 inches—and with ample clearance for workStreet, Chicago 6, Illinois.

The Oliver Corporation 400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois

Please send Crawler folder describing Oliver me R Tractors, allied plus equipment and mounted OLIVE implements. 'FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY

Name Post Office.

Rural Route State.

1 farm acres. F14-4

ttfjkVSSS

Ijgp"

<JV.rt-x*

to the car battle use goes day of the improve in your on every oil you

Phillips this is the the best evidences ofTheyear. of new 66 Lubricating One

Oil Plant at Kansas City, Kansas.

Here, in one integrated plant will be found at work science's combined ml achievements contributing to the production offiner motor oils. All of Phillips

longaccumulated knowledge has gone into this modern solvent refining plant.

From fine selected crudes is produced a lubricating oil of superlative quality, incorporating special "additives"to help keep your car's engine free of varnish,

... delicately sludge machined carbon deposits and to protect and bearings. pREiriium of product. uniformity assure techniques packaging improved New and

Phillips continuing research in petroleum chemistry means better motor oils. And better motor oils mean longer life for your car's engine. Ask for Phillips 66 WOROH

Motor Oils wherever you see the familiar orange and black Phillips 66 Shield.

STOP AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS

PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY

BARTLESVILLE, OKLAHOMA

Phillips Petroleum Company extends its sincere good wishes to

President George Albert Smith on the occasion of his %0th Anniversary.

Ad No. 3405*

Jbager youth, the finest time of all our lives for teaching faith, is here beautifully depicted by the eminent Utah artist, Arnold Priberg, in his inspired painting of ""The Pioneer Sunday School, Salt

Lake Valley, December % 1849."

Painting Courtesy

Deseret Sunday School Union BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance

* George Albert Smith, President

Salt Lake City, Utah