Special features:

Moses Calls Aaron to the Ministry-- page 28

Adventures in Learning—pages 4-15

ininmiiiifiiniiiini!

ilIiSI2351I||IIII|l||P||

.. m.im

nMMiWmwtlii

'"Qiefes mote forydu atYUSummefSclipol!

SPECIAL FEATURES CALENDAR OF EVENTS

Summer School scholarships available May 31, Application for admission due.

for new students. Apply before June 1114, Education Week on campus.

May 1, 1969.

June 1314, New student orientation

Outstanding graduate programs in seventyeight fields of specialzation. June 16, Registration

Extensive undergraduate offerings June 17 Instruction begins in fiftysix departments. July 4, National holiday observed.

Eminent resident faculty augmented July 18, First Term ends by distinguished guest instructors.

July 19, Second Term registration.

Workshops, seminars, conferences, July 21, Second Term begins.

institutes, festivals, and lyceums.

July 24, State holiday observed

Classes in airconditioned buildings.

July 26 School in session (Saturday).

Worldfamous Timpanogos Hike.

August 21, Second Term ends.

Wide variety of recreational activities including boating, fishing, hiking and swimming. August 21, NinetyFourth Summer Convocation.

Attractive living accomodation in airconditioned University housing. Write for a free Summer School Catalog today.

Gigantic 4th of July celebration. Summer School Director

Brigham Young University Cultural enrichment through lectures, plays, concerts, and exhibits. Provo, Utah 84601

Half the fun is a summer in HISTORIC PROVO UTAH a city of recreation which hosts the largest July 4th Celebration in the nation

Convenience, excitement, and enjoyment all describe the pleasures awaiting you in Provo City during your leisure hours out of the classroom. Provo is a city

designed for living. Facilities abound for recreational

and cultural pursuits to make your summer here the experience of a lifetime.

The Voice of the Church April 1969 Volume 72, Number 4

On the Cover: Special Features

The painting of Moses and Aaron, 2 Editor's Page: The Gate of Baptism, President David 0. McKay

a portion of which is shown on our 4 Adventures in Learning cover, makes a fitting cover subject 5 "Seek Learning... by Study and by Faith,"Dr. Lowell L. Bennion

for the month of April, a month in 8 The Knowledge Explosion and Its Effect on Religion, Dr. Henry Eyring

which, 139 years ago, the Church was organized under the power of the priest10 Fostering Learning in Children, Dr. Elliott D. Landau

hood. (See page 29 for an article on 13 Adults—and This Business of Learning, Dr. Harold Glen Clark

the painting, and pages 28 and 29 for a 29 The Painting of Moses and Aaron, Richard J. Marshall

reproduction of the entire painting.) 36 The Mormons and the Irish, Brent A. Barlow

The painting, by Harry Anderson, is one 57 The Restored Gospel in the British Isles of a series on prophets of the Old 60 Survival of the British Mission During World War II, Andre K. AnastaTestament prepared for the Church's sion, Sr.

visitors centers. 66 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 7, The Unknown Abraham

An additional feature this month is (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

the fine selection of articles on the 74 David Whitmer, the Independent Missouri Businessman (Part 7), theme "Adventures in Learning,"feaDr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

turing the 1969 Brigham Young University Education Week theme that will Regular Features be used throughout the Church this 24 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Delegate Wisely (Part 1), Elder

year. Ezra Taft Benson

32 Lest We Forget: The Wedding of the Rails, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

The many sides of learning—Education 64 The LDS Scene

Week style.

82 The Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About Tithing, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

84 Today's Family: Mother Habits, Florence B. Pinnock

88 Buffs and Rebuffs 90 The Church Moves On 93 These Times: The Nixon Approach to National Administration, Dr. G.

Homer Durham 96 End of an Era 65, 69, 88, 92 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 4156 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 16 Personal Appraisal, Roger Winship Stuart 12, 15, 28, 73, 92 Poetry

EleanorDavidEra of O.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Gien Snarr, Acting Business

General Mutualmultiple Improvementsubscriptions.Superintendent,Associations2 years.Young$5.75;Men'sof The3 MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristsucceedingAssociationof Latterdayyear,of TheSaints.$2.50Churcha Allyearof rightsJesusaddedreserved.Christto theof SubscriptionLatterdaythree-year Saints,price;price, 3501969.$3.00singleanda year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance;by thefor

issues. special

Office, at special class Utah, mailing the for for Salt rate of Acceptance second matter. in section as provided postage 1103, LakeJuly authorized City,2, Enteredof Post1917, 1918. Octoberat

contributions. for Manuscripts paid for is not are Improvement responsible but manuscripts acceptance on welcomes and must be

delivery return. Theactaccompanied postage by unsolicitedand sufficientErais of notice required include recent issue the magazine. address a for slip from of days'address. change, Address

is wellWhen included.please unless thechangeforold address be cannot aone as as ordering the new made ThirtychanRes

OfficialSystem, organand otherof theagenciesPriesthoodof The Quorums,Church of JesusMutua!ChristImprovementof LatterdayAssociations.Saints. Home Teaching Committee, Music Committee, Church School

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

April 1969

"Baptism,"said the Prophet Joseph Smith, "is a sign to

God,... and there is no other way beneath the heavens whereby

God hath ordained for man to come to Him to be saved, and enter into the Kingdom of God, except faith in Jesus Christ, repentance, and baptism for the remission of sins, and any other course is in vain; then you have the promise of the gift of the Holy

Ghost."(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 198.)

Baptism is one of the first principles and ordinances of the gospel. As an established rite of the Church, it is classified

clearly as an ordinance. Though in the strict analysis it may

not be considered a principle in the sense that faith and repentance are principles, yet it becomes such, inasmuch as it is law established by divine power.

Baptism always connotes the fundamental principles of spiritual growth. Associated with this ordinance are sincerity,

simplicity, and purity—sincerity, "the mother of a noble family

f I 1L of virtues,"and simplicity and purity, "the two wings with which -L AAC man soars above the earth and all temporary nature."

desires to have administered unto him this Everyone who rite should possess these three virtues. He should go be- 1 jrQT Cy\ sacred

fore his Maker in sincerity, with contrite and penitent heart, his weaknesses and errors, and manifest a desire IJ QYVT"I CiYYI acknowledge

IT to live a new life. He should have no selfish ends to serve. He

should sincerely desire to come into the fold of God, to be numThe Editor's Page bered with His people, and "to bear others'burdens that they may be light."Only in this manner can the eternal principle of true

By President David O. McKay repentance be made manifest.

"Blessed are the pure in heart,"the Savior taught, "for they shall see God."No impure heart, though baptized a hundred

times, can approach him.

Simplicity is manifest in one's intent. Prompting the soul

to obedience, it drives from it all desire to ostentation, publicity, personal honor, or earthly emoluments. The simple desire to

comply with one of God's commandments is manifest in worthy

intent.

Nor is it in the intent alone that the virtue of simplicity is associated; it is found in the administration of the ordinance as

well. Every account of baptism in sacred history bears evidence

of this. Take, for example, the baptism of Jesus in the Jordan

of Queen Candace's servant by Philip; of the jailor by Paul and

Silas; of Cornelius and his household by Peter; and of Helam and

2 Improvement Era others by Alma. All these instances seem to have been characterized by simplicity and sacredness. There is no evidence of set

periods of preparation, of pompous ceremony, and of irrelevant rites. Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, repentance from sin, as

shown in sincerity and purity of life, and a desire to become affiliated with God's people were the only preparatory

requirements.

Jesus was baptized of John in order to "fulfill all righteousness"(see Matt. 3:15), "but the Pharisees and lawyers rejected

the counsel of God against themselves, being not baptized of him."

(Luke 7:30.)

To Nicodemus Jesus said, "Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he, cannot enter into the kingdom of God."

(John 3:5.)

To the members of the Church in general, Peter wrote, "For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as

many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ."

(Gal. 3:2627.) "The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also

now save us... by the resurrection of Jesus Christ."(IPet. 3:21.)

In these three instances we have set forth clearly the threefold purpose of the ordinance of baptism ( 1 ) A rite established by God himself and associated with the eternal principle of righteousness—compliance with the law,

therefore, being essential to man's salvation.

(2) An initiatory ordinance—the gateway leading to membership into the fold of Christ.

(3) A beautiful and sublime symbol typifying the burial of the old person with all his weaknesses and impurities, and the coming forth into a newness of life.

The ordinance of baptism is a law of God, obedience to which—in sincerity, in purity, in simplicity—brings inevitably the

promised blessing of the Comforter, a divine guide, whom they who "change the ordinance and transgress the law"can never know. Though men may scoff at it, ridicule it, and doubt its

efficacy, baptism remains ever, even in its simplicity, not only one of the most beautiful symbols known, but also one of the most effective laws operating for the salvation of man. In baptism, then, as in all other things, all men should follow him who

said: "I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not

walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life."(John 8:12.) o

April 1969 If the glory of God is intelligence (see Doctrine portant and worthwhile knowledge, The prograpx & Covenants 93:36), then perhaps the glory of is now one of the oldest and largest continuing

man is his pursuit of Godlike intelligence and adult education programs in the United States.

Godlike, use of that intelligence. This month we More than 4-7,000 persons, ranging in age from,

fieaUire the following four articles on the general 1U to 97, attended sessions last year. The program,

theme"Adventures in Learning,", joining<\ the 1969, in operation from June to September, is held in 53

Brigham Young University Education Week theme locations in 288 stakes in the United. States, Canto be used throughout the Church this year.'Since ada, and Mexico, for an average of three days in

1922, BYU Education Week programs have aseach location, and features more than 200 faculty sisted Latterday Saints in their pursuit of immembers, ivho give, emphasis to family relations.

Improvement Era

"Seek Learning...by Study

and by Faith"JBy Dr. Lowell L. Bennion

Dr. Lowell L. Bennion, a member of the Youth Correlation Committee and a Sunday School teacher in the iM

City) has taught Ward, 12th East Mill Lake Creek (Salt interKsl'\M college years has and long been students for 35 ested in helping people relate religion to their secular learning, "believing that each can be mutually enriching."

Courageous and colorful Elijah stood on Mount "a will to believe"and "a hunger and thirst after

Carmel and cried to ancient Israel;- "How long halt righteousness,"and from the Greeks in particular, an

ye between two opinions? if the Lord be God, follow inquiring, questioning, critical attitude of mind. Wilhim: but if Baal, then follow hiih. And the people liam James called religious people tenderminded and

answered him not a word."(1 Kings "18721.) The reaphilosophers and scientists toughminded. The youthson is clear, for Elijah had offered the people the only ful Latterday Saint is encouraged to be both—a feat

alternatives available—either serve Baal or the livingthat is not easy to accomplish.

God., In the restoration there is a remarkable marriage of

, For modern Israel, the, choice is markedly different: faith and reason, One would expect the restored

we have inherited all. the vice and virtue, folly and gospel to revive faith in a living God, his Son Jesus

wisdom of the. ages. Life was never so rich and Christ, and the dignity of man as a child of God,

promising, full of wonder, and at the same time and to renew and underscore the biblical and infinitely, complex, uncertain, and in flux.The youthprophetic emphasis on righteousness. And it did.

ful Latterday Saint, nourished in the faith of his But something else is added, something akin to the fathers and brought, face to face with the explosion Greek commitment to reason. The restored gospel

of knowledge and the changing values of a secular, was not to be given to man, fixed and complete, like age, has a real task to build an adequate, personal a package of frozen fruit from a deep freezer. Rather

philosophy of life. Where can he find its content? it was to be like freshflowing water from a mountain

Two great legacies have been the main roots nourspring,- Religion, even as art and science, was to be ishing the life and thought of Western civilization—the a growing, continuing revelation from God in response

JudeoChristian faith and the reasoning of the Greeks. to man's search and need.

From; the Hebrew prophets and Jesus and Paul we Joseph Smith also learned that not all, knowledge

have acquired faith in a personal, living God, a revewas "to come.through scripture and prophets."..

lator of truth, who demands justice and mercy in men should be anxiously engaged in a good cause, human relations. Many of our most cherished instiand do many things of their own free will,-... For

tutions—government by law, democracy, the worth of the power is in them, wherein they are agents, unto

the individual, compassion for the weak, equality of themselves!..."(D&C 58:2728.)

access to goods and rights—have come to us from thej The first religious building of the Latterday Saints

prophets. became a temple of learningas well as a house of

The Greek philosophers unlike1 the Hebrew prophworship, wherein men were to seek learning by study ets, were not devout in their religious faith; rather, and by faith and wisdom out of the best books. The

they were among the first to discover man's great curriculum was to include astronomy, geology, hiscapacity to think and to create. They produced untory, political science, current events, languages, as

excelled literature, sculpture, and architecture, arid well as theology. ( D&C 88,)

were also able to examine themselves and the universe Modern,revelations, made room for and encouraged with both insight; and objectivity. They laid the thinking. Great sayings have driven many a Mormon

foundations of philosophy and modern science. youth to study at home and abroad: "The glory of

And so from Jew and Christian we have acquired God is intelligence.""Man is saved no faster than

April 1969 Adventures in Learning he gains knowledge.""All kingdoms have a law."to feel, think, and act alike. Both are human, but

"There is a law irrevocably decreed."markedly different in outlook and role, and should

Mormon writers—notably Brigham Young, B. H. complement rather than demand the same things of

Roberts, James E. Talmage, and John A. Widtsoe—each other. So it is also with philosophy and science

have emphasized the rational character of the restored on the one hand and religion on the other. This will

gospel, as illustrated in Dr. Widtsoe's title to an early be more clear with illustrations.

work: A Rational Theology, Geology is a study of the earth—an exact, methodThis combination of faith and reason in the restored ical, experimental, and comprehensive study of causegospel, so consistent with our interests and needs, is andeffect relationships in regard to the formation

also a source of conflict in the Church. Taught by and history of the earth. Thousands of scientific books

their faith to seek learning, youth find their venture and articles have told that story in great detail, the into the "halls of ivy"sometimes shakes the very how of ongoing creation.

foundations of their JudeoChristian-Latterday Saint Religion is also interested in the earth, but from

O faith. Ricks College, Brigham Young University, a very different perspective. The scriptures give us

Church College of Hawaii, institutes of religion, and few details of creation; they tell us, for example,

seminaries have been established to help students nothing of the causes or effects of erosion. The emphakeep the faith while they pursue secular studies. But sis on creation in Genesis is to declare that "in the

in the last analysis it is up to each individual to find beginning God created the heaven and the earth..., "

his way and to effect a compatible marriage between that God said, "Let the dry land appear...,"and that

the worlds of faith and reason. he said, "Let us make man in our image...."(See

It is not surprising that students find difficulty in Gen. 1. ) In the Book of Moses, Chapter 1, is given

harmonizing their faith, born of religion, with the that sweeping view of the ongoing, endless creations rational processes of secular thought. The language, of the Father and Son: "worlds without number"—not

spirit, and emphasis of each is different. They may in the language of astronomy, physics, chemistry, or

seem worlds, apart. Some Latterday Saint youths forgeology, but rather to inspire faith in the divine pursake their religion in favor of their newly acquired pose in creation, "to bring to pass the immortality and

intellectual interest; others turn their backs on learneternal life of man."

ing for fear of losing their precious faith. Still others Scriptural references to nature are always made for

learn to live with a genuine appreciation for faith religious purposes—to glorify the Creator and to build

and reason. Some conflict is healthy if it leads to awe and trust toward him and his law. Read the

genuine search and a testing of one's faith. eighth or twentythird Psalm, Chapters 38 to 41 of

The Latterday Saint who has come to know the Job, or Section 88 of the Doctrine and Covenants, essence and spirit of the restored gospel has no and you will sense this religious emphasis and purchoice but to include both faith and reason in his pose. Science describes nature in objective, imperview of life. Our religion teaches us a profound sonal language; religion uses a more poetic language

respect for the believing heart and the searching—idealistic, aspirational, valueladen—to inspire us to

mind. Man's precarious predicament as a transient, believe in God, honor his name, and find life's

contingent creature whirling powerlessly through meaning.

space demands either faith or despair; and his creaThere is naturally some overlapping between scitive love of life is best fulfilled through faith. Moreence and religion. The Word of Wisdom, for examover, not to use fully that which is most distinctive ple, has descriptive facts in it: e.g., "tobacco is not

about one's nature—his mind—is to deny one's very for the body...."But this was given as a simple,

nature as a human being and child of God. Life is direct statement of the Lord and not couched in scienbig enough to respond to and accommodate all that tific language nor verified by controlled scientific

we can feel and know through mind and heart. We experiments. The whole tone of the revelation is

shall conclude our reflections by suggesting some religious.

ways by which this can be done. Nearly all scripture has come to us through men

1. One should respect the differences between faith who lived in a prescientific age, who spoke the lanand reason and not expect them to give us identical guage of faith and morality, and not the descriptive,

views of life. To use the marriage analogy, a couple precise language of the textbook. The scriptures tell

makes a big mistake if they expect a man and woman us of our relationship to God and Christ and of our

Improvement Era

moral responsibilities to fellowmenthey deal with as well as bold, and to keep an open and inquiring faith, morality, and brotherhood. We do them a great mind, for we can learn from our Maker throughout

injustice if we try to derive geology and zoology from eternity.

Genesis, astronomy from the Psalms, physics from the 3, Alloiv for change and growth in your view of

Doctrine and Covenants, or physiology from the Boole both science and religion. We have already comof Jonah. * mented above on the tentative nature of the findings

Religion is not antiscientific, antiphilosophical, nor of science and how little is still known of what is to irrational; it is supraempirical or suprarational. It be known. The same holds true for religion. The

takes us beyond scientific knowledge, seeking to give gospel embraces eternal principles, but their full meaning to the whole of life by defining man's purmeaning is only known to Deity. None of us can

pose and place in total being. It helps man to be at grasp the full nature of God, freedom, love, repentance,

home on earth and in the universe—whereas from a or any other principle. Hence the great need to keep

purely scientific point of view, he may feel, as one open minds in matters of both faith and reason. My

biologist said, "as an infinitesimal bit of nothingness idea,of honesty today is larger than it was when I was standing on the brink of eternity,"a child and thought of it only in terms of lying and 2. Both science and religion tell man to walk loith stealing. And this hopefully holds true of every

humility. In both areas, the unknown far. exceeds the, principle. I am still trying to understand love and

known, for man's perspective is earthbound. how to best express it toward my friends and "eneSir Isaac Newton, one of the great geniuses of modmies,"and how to apply the principle in business, in

ern science, said: "1 do not know what I may appear civil rights, and in international relations.

to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only It was Goethe who said, in his immortal Faust:

a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself "What from your father's heritage is lent, earn it anew in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a pretto really possess it."Each generation of Latterday

tier shell than ordinary;, while the great ocean of truth Saints, as each individual, must learn the gospel for

lay all undiscovered before me."(Brewster, Memoirs himself, in his time, in his circumstances. For him it

of Newton, Vol. 2, Chapter 27.) Every l scientist must take. root, grow into a tree, give forth buds,

deserving of the name knows that his conclusions are blossom, and bear fruit.

tentative, that they will be superseded by larger 4. Be loyal to both faith and reason, to both the

views that will change the meaning of his present Hebrew arid Greek traditions. The gospel of Jesus

particular views. He pursues science because it is Christthe faith and morality of the prophets and the

fruitful, enabling him to cope in a measure with the Savior—has vindicated itself in our lives. The twentylife that* is his. third Psalm gives us hope and comfort against the

Religion invites the same spirit of humility. The tragedies of human existence. Faith, repentance,

Lord answered Job in these words: "Who is this that fellowship in Christ through baptism, and the

darkeneth counsel -bywords without knowledge?"Beatitudes give us a map of life to live by that has

(Job 38:2,) And King Benjamin declared the obvious proved itself to be true, good, and beautiful. The

when he said, "...".'. believe that man doth not coiripregospel is reasonable as well as calling us to fake the

hend all the things which the Lord can comprehend.""leap of faith."

(Mosiah 4:9.) Isaiah said: "For my thoughts are not Science has also vindicated itself in, our lives. It

your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith has enabled us to reckon with laws and forces of the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the nature, thereby eliminating much fear, superstition,

earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my and disease, and saving and prolonging life. It has

thoughts than your thoughts."(Isa. 55:8-9.) No wongiven us a method and a spirit of learning that has

der Paul concluded, "For now we see through a glass, opened up vast vistas of life in a fascinating manner.

darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; Since faith arid study have both proved to be so

but then shall I know even as also I am known."(1 fruitful, why should we abdicate either one to the

Cor. 13:12.) other? Why should we not suspend judgment in areas

Even though the gospel comes to us through revelaof conflict? Why not use both faith and reason in

tion from the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, it has to religion and in our academic Work as we seek to know be given to us "in their [men's] weakness, after the the truth?

manner of their language, that they might come to The good life is one inspired of love, sustained by understanding."(D&C 1:24.) Man sees as rnan, not faith, and guided by knowledge. May we have the

as God. Therefore, it is becoming to us to be modest wisdom to pursue it by study and by faith. o

April 1969 The Knowledge Explosion and Its Effect on Religion By Dr. Henry Eyring

Dr. Henry Eyring, a member of the Sunday School

general board and distinguished professor of chemistry at the University of Utah, is an internationally eminent physical chemist who has received the National Medal of Science. He has been president of the American

Association for the Advancement of Science and president of the American Chemical Society.

A principal reason for disagreement between reafort in different ways, Lucifer's plan is to ride roughsonable people is failure to communicate. The shod over any dissent. The gospel plan is to respect

knowledge explosion has much the same effect as the honest differences and try to resolve them, and failing confusion of tongues at the tower of Babel. Our that, tq find a modus. vivendi until the differences

society, with torrents of information pouring over it, can be resolved. This isn't easv or as common in

tends to segregate into little groups that speak a compractice as in theory.

mon technical language. This is because the digesting Verse 37 of Section 121 of the Doctrine and Coveof another viewpoint requires greater effort than most nants is relevant:;. of us are willing to invest. A rapid increment of "... when we undertake to cover our sins, or to

knowledge accentuates the generation gap. Students gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise

going to high school and college now acquire a very control or dominion or compulsion upon the souk of different body of information than their parents did. the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness,

Authoritarian and democratic societies are both made behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit

uncomfortable by this gap between the generations, of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn.

as well as the gap between groups with different Amen to the priesthood or the authority of that man."

backgrounds, but they tend to adjust to the discomThe gospel meets difficulties associated with honest

Improvement Era

differences by pointing out that many things are as of it. There are four kinds of nucleic acids: adenine,

yet unsettled and that we may expect they will be cytosine, quanine, and thymine. A length of the

resolved in due course. This is also the position of chromosome containing about 600 of each of the three

science with respect to the unknown. The difficulty kinds of molecules, i. e., sugar,'nucleic acid, arici

is that individuals, being human and having different phosphoric acid, constitutes a gene and carries the backgrounds, allocate perplexing questions in difinformation for synthesizing one enzyme.

ferent ways to the known, the unknown, and the Since the 46 chromosomes placed end to. end extend

unknowable. This problem is resolved for me by the about a yard, which is about ten thousand million

recognition that God, the Supreme Intelligence, has a angstroms, while each gene is about 6,000 angstroms conception of the world that is free from contradiclong, it follows that the chromosomes in a human cell tions, and that the goal in the gospel and in science contain a little over a million genes. Each of these

must be to arrive at this same ultimate truth by all the genes contains the, specifications for making a moleappropriate means at our disposal.; The gospel cule, often an enzyme, which the body needs to carry

doesn't require one to believe anything that isn't true; on its functions. The enzymes are made by stringing

rather, it embraces all truth, whatever the source. amino acids together.

All contradictions will finally be resolved as our The sequence of 600 nucleic acids in a gene fixes understanding deepens. the sequence of the 200 amino acids in the correspondWhat are some of these modern findings that we ing enzyme. Thus a sequence of three nucleic acids

must fit into our thinking if we are to keep up with determines the next amino acid to go into an enzyme.

the times? Painstaking research has established which particular

1. Space exploration is a reality. Man has orbited sequence of three nucleic acids specifies a particular

the moon and will almost certainly put foot on it this amino acid in an enzyme. This great achievement is

year or next. People who once believed the world described as breaking the genetic code. It raises such

was flat survived the discovery that it was round with questions as whether faulty genes at some future no ultimate damage to their religious faith. The space time may be mended, and how much can heredity be

age will be no more damaging to our religious faith. influenced and controlled through our knowledge of

2. Viruses, which by the usual criteria are living the genetic code. Again one is impressed by man's

things, are made up of genetic material, like our ingenuity and is thankful for a religion that believes chromosomes, and of enzymes, consisting of proteins. in eternal progression and places no limit on what

Scientists have separated these two materials, making man can hope to accomplish when he operates in the virus nonviable, and have then put them back harmony with law. '

together again, restoring the activity of the virus. 4. Cancer has been a scourge of mankind as far

Further, choromosomelike materials, as well as enback as we have any record. The greatest difference

zymes, have been synthesized. These accomplishments between cancerous and normal cells is that the former

have led some people to say that man has or can show uncontrolled growth. This property continues

create life, and this has been a shock to some people. after cell division in both daughter cancerous cells.

This can be thought of quite differently. If man This indicates that, the genetic materials—the chromoshould prove that life cannot be created, he would somes—that govern cell behavior have themselves

have proved too much, since life obviously exists. If been changed as normal cells are converted to canGod wanted man to create a virus, he would only have cerous cells. All the normal cells in the body have the

to teach him the correct principles and one must same set of genes, but cells in the skin and those in suppose man could then do it. For Latterday Saints the brain, for example,, develop differently. This

who believe that man is the spirit child of God, every differentiation of the cells is brought about by selecgreat achievement of man only tends to bear out the tive inhibition of the genes by inhibitors that cling doctrine that there are no limits to the degree of tightly to their surface and prevent them from manuadvancement to which man can attain if he follows facturing their particular enzyme so that reactions correct principles. that such an enzyme promotes are slowed down or

3. Man's body starts as one single cell, to which the stopped in the inhibited cell.

father contributes 23 chromosomes and the mother Various chemicals, radiation, and viruses that cause contributes 23. The chromosomes consist of a long cancer can bring about this uncontrolled growth if they

chain of sugar molecules, with phosphoric acid linkdestroy the genes that manufacture the inhibitors that ing each pair of sugars together. Each sugar moleslow down cell growth. Another possibility is that in

cule also has a nucleic acid molecule linked to the side cancer, genetic material is added to the chromosomes,

April 1969 Adventures in Learning making the cancer cells difficult to inhibit., There are people now living. If we are successful, we will

over a hundred distinguishable types of cancer, some eradicate the third largest killer of mankind. The

of which—such as leukemia—are responding to treatunselfish dedication of one's energies to finding the

ment. means to eliminate this kind of human suffering is an

Most treatments take, advantage of the vulnerappropriate pursuit for a Latterday Saint in contrast ability of the cell to appropriate chemicals (or to the nihilism, popular in some quarters, that seeks radiation) during the time the cell is dividing. This only to destroy society.

explains why these agents are selectively effective "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; and

against the fastgrowing cells of cancer that are diwhosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.

viding rapidly. "For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the

It is reasonable to expect that many kinds of cancer whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a

will be successfully treated during the lifetime of man give in exchange for his soul?"(Matt.16: 2526. )o

Fostering Learning in Children By Dr. Elliott D. Landau

v

Dr. Elliott D. Landau is a professor of education at the

University of Utah, chairman of the advisory committee to the Utah Second District Juvenile Court, a member of the executive board of American Civil Liberties Union, and an authority on children's literature. He teaches

Sunday School in the Yalecrest (Salt Lake City) Ward.

There is an apochiyphal legend in Jewish family had been placed. His finger was dipped in the honey,

folklore that tells us how the love of learning from then brought to his tongue. Thus the association

the scriptures was fostered in Jewish children at a between sweetness and learning was established, and very early age. It is said that while yet upon his the romance between the child and his love for learnmother's knee, a little boy's finger was moved to a ing was begun.

page of the testaments upon which a,daub of honey What is even more interesting than this early con10 Improvement Era ditioning technique of linking a new behavior with cently acquired fact, and then seemingly have de- a pleasant old one is the fact that the mother cared stroyed my thesis. The test of learning is not the

enough in the first place to go through the associative power to parrot responses but rather the internalizaritual. The love of learning, then, is not alone a tion of newly learned materials so that behavior is

hereditary stroke of luck; it is also a conscious conclearly changed, Again, phrased somewhat differcern of parents. ently, the enduring results of learning are the feelings,

As we inquire further into this subject, the words meanings, insights that the learner accrues.

"conscious concern"will be stressed and need to be Parents who would foster learning must first be explicitly defined. It might seem that many parentcertain that home conditions are appropriate for the

child interactions are "natural"(loving, feeding, and freeing of the child's power to learn. Too frequently,

caring); but if this were entirely so, we would be either because of economic necessity or because a

hard put to explain the many instances of child "good address"or an extra car are considered imporneglect, the batteredchild syndrome, and so forth. tant enough symbols, parents both go to work, leaving

And so, as in the song from South Pacific, "You've Got their preschoolage children for the most significant to Be Taught,"it is important that parents realize hours of the day. On occasion the person chosen to

that the love of learning won't just happen unless there tend the children might be the perfect individual to is some premediated parental behavior that will help in the task of the development of a child's perlead the child to want to learn, to love to learn. Goats sonality. Too often it is someone who tends the time

do not instill in their kids any relish for learning; it is and not the child. In the latter instance it might be

one of the marvels of creation that man, through well for all of us to wish for Al Capp's Shmoo—

deliberate intentions, can create in his young direction, subhuman blob of protoplasm that is able to change drive, and the thirst for knowing. diapers, feed, and see to it that children don't run

Some years ago, Dr. Howard Lane said, "Learning barefoot in the park.

is always subordinate to the demands of the personWhen young children are left with just anyone, it ality as a whole."In these wise words there seems to is possible that this may be construed by the child

be counsel from which parents of very young children as rejection from his parents. The human spirit, Dr.

will learn much. Abroad in the land today are devices, Lane has said, has scant tolerance for rejection. While

schemes, and programs designed to cultivate the I see little if any evidence to support the notion that intellect of children who are far too young to even working mothers produce delinquent or neurotic chilpartially comprehend the reasons or purposes of the dren, I am not at all sure that clear distinctions have mental gymnastics they are required to do. There are been made concerning when mothers have gone to

those who speak of controlling human behavior as if work and its relationship to the production of delinchildren were merely flesh wired for sound. The quent behavior. Enough is known today to say that

distressing part of these attempts at forced mindthe crucial years in intellectual and character developfeeding is that they are based on the valid theory that ment are nearly over by the time a child is ready to children can learn much earlier than we have susstart first grade. If, indeed, a child views his early

pected. Unless the dawning years before the age of experiences as essentially one of "they don't need me,

four have been rich in both verbal and nonverbal so they went away,"we may be reasonably certain experiences, and unless those years were carefully that this crimping of personality needs will have ah planned to develop children with strong concepts of adverse effect upon his zest for learning.

themselves as good, worthwhile, and able, few learnAt this point the reader may be saying to himself, ing gimmicks will "take."It is impossible to achieve "Why doesn't he go beyond those early years—get to

learning that will be fully assimilated into character the meat of the matter: concrete suggestions for enunless the new ways of behavior seem essential to couraging learning for my nineyear-old boy, my 14the children in achieving their own genuine purposes. yearold girl, or my college student who has suddenly

Phrased more pointedly in the direction of the dropped out mentally?"Why not? Because in these

issue at hand—namely, the stimulation of the child preschool years nearly 80 percent of a person's capacity

to want to learn—it is suggested that the basic needs is either brought to fruition or welltamped down. New

of childhood must first be fulfilled (tenderness, love, research in human development forces all who are concare) before the intellect will be able to cope with cerned with learning to evaluate these early years. Prothe abstractions of knowledge. Not that there aren't fessor James Hymes says that there is so much to

those who, leaving these lines, would turn to a favorite learn today that even the pushiest preschool formal threeyear-old, ask a question based upon some reprogram cannot cram it all into children, no matter

April 1969 11 in Learning how early it starts. Yet the"old 'concept of 'childhood I'd like'"-.children to know what it means to have to

as a passive wait until kindergarten starts must never tiptoe through the house because Mommy is studying.

prevail, particularly in the minds of parents. Child- I'd like to be sure that children know what a Mormon

hood tis the time for learning—learning to learn, the study group really does—true, they may know, that

excitement of hearing Questions answered, of explor-, their parents are out, but do they realize what a study jng.things and ideas, of hearing beautiful language group is Not"long ago I was explaining the study

from books. group idea to an editor of the world's largest publishEnthusiasm for learning is contagious, and alert ing company, and he was intrigued by its possibilities

mothers will start the learning of their children while in promoting the excitement of learning. The love of

the children are still in the crib. Children's rooms learning is caught, not taught.

ought to be full of color, movement, music. Infants "I emphatically disagree with the eminent psycholoneed to be able to push, pull, find, hide, and seek. gist B. F, Skinner, who said, "Of course pigeons aren't

The quiet, antiseptic, outof-theway baby's room is people, hut it's/ only a matter of complexity."The

no longer conducive to the concept of vearly learning. phrase "a matter of complexity"may be more relevant

Straitlaced programs to teach babies the alphabet are to a discussion of erector sets and members ofthe army not part of this plan, nor are any gadgets that slide engineer. corps as they repair.a bridge, but the child

rewards down to the child for correct responses to as a learner is not so easily dismissed by the grammeaningless tasks. A virile learning atmosphere for matic comparative. Humans are not component parts

infants suggests that humans utilize a variety of stimuof systems, and they don't learn by the laws of lating experiences that are appropriate for childhood. input and output The yearn to learn can never be

Those who really believe that "men are, that they programmed with electronic precision or by any might have joy"will surely want no less for, children. machine man will ever devise. A human being needs

Whatever we plan to dp to and with young children to be crackled by the electricity of another human.

needs to be first examined in the light of this maxim. He needs to be energized by the totality of his surAlone,,it may suggest that as long as the "children roundings. He must sense his finiteness in the vastness

love it,"it is enough. This Could justify an allday bf the universe, and he must wonder at intelligence,

experience of watching cartoons on TV. On the other which is the glory of God. 6

hand, the likelihood of children learning to love learning will not come from newfangled programs that Recommended Reading forget the integrity of the child or that wish to Bettleheim, B. The Empty Fortress, The Free Press, 1967.

obliterate the early years'times of, experimentation Bruner, J. The Process of Education, Harvard, I960.

Erikson, E. Childhood and Society, Norton, 1963.

and. up and down progress in what Eda LeShan called Gans, R. Common Settse in Teaching Reading, BobbsMerrill,

1963.."the conspiracy against childhood."

Getzels, J. and Phillip Jackson. Creativity and Intelligence,j John

Clearly, fostering learning in children cannot be Wiley, 1962.

only a verbal admonition. Children need to be conHolt,Hentoff,J. HowN. OurChildrenChildrenFail,ArePitman,Dying,1964.Viking, 1966.

vinced that all who help raise them are learners too. Hymas, J. Teaching the Child Under Six, Charles Merrill,

Children at all ages thrill to their parents, teachers, 1968.:

Hymas, J. Understanding Your Child, PrenticeHall, 1952.

or uncles who are also students. I'd like my children Koesthler, A. TheArt of Creation, Macmillan, 1964.

to come home from school and tell me about their LeShan,1968.E. The Conspiracy Against Childhood, Atheneum,

teachers who* meet once a week to study the new Mallow, A. Toward a Psychology of. Being, Van Nostrand,

mathematics. I'd love to think that at least one teacher 1962/ Redl, F. When We Deal With Children, Basic - Books, 1966.

in the lives of my children will talk with them about Reissman, D. Abundance for What? Doubleday, 1964.

a book they are reading—just because'reading is an Wickes, F. The Inner World of Childhood (rev. ed.), Applcton-Century, 1930.

intellectual activity, not because anyone assigned it. Wickes, F. The Inner World of Choice,. Harper, 1963.

When That Moment Comes...

By Mabel Jones Gabbott When that moment comes that your child should say, "Listen, I'll read you,.,,""Let's build it this wwy.",.'.

Take it and hold it, sunsweet and tvEole,\

Give to it credence, yourlove, and your.laughter.

Watch for the moment! You'll be glad ever after.

12 Improvement Era <4J*i!Business of

By Dr. Harold Glen Clark

/(lustrationsby Robert Reese

Harold Glen Clark, dean of continuing education at

Brigham Young University and a high councilor in the

East Sharon Stake, has long been a promoter of "adventures in learning"for adult Latterday Saints.

This year more thari fifty million American adults for one to stamp himself educated. Many of the best

will go back to school for some kind of learning theories are obsolete before the textbook is written, experience. Housewives, freed by the automatic and plans have been outmoded before they come off

Washer and other laborsaving devices, will make up the drawing board. This condition led Admiral Flyman

a majority of those in this grand march of learners. G. Rickover to say, "Civilization has reached the point

All who return to schools will be interesting people. where the new frontier now lies in the mind itself.

Many will be motivated by the high desire to battle [Individuals] must conquer knowledge as formerly back the frontier of ignorance and make the desert of they conquered the'wilderness."

their lives "blossom as a rose."There will also be the What does all of 'this mean to adult Latterdav Saint

curiousminded, motivated by sheer wonder: at the learners?

great fields of knowledge that lie before them. Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterAs students, they will have these things in common: day Saints enjoy a great heritage in the exploring,

First, each will have an immediate learning appetite discovering, adventuresome attitude exemplified by to quench or an immediate life problem to solve; sectheir Prophet and leader, Joseph Smith. The Lord

ond, each is voluntarily going back to school; and instructed hinvand his associates very early in the histhird, each brings, to the learning adventure a particutory of the Church to "teach one another the doctrine

lar adult background of experience. of the kingdom."He expected the membership to take

! They will be expectant learners, but they will not the initiative in this business of learning, and to "teach

expect to receive their education wrapped in a sheepone another"! It must have been an.expiting time for

skin at graduation. Freed from any lockstep of the this young Prophet when he wastold by the Lord

typical credit system, they will have the great pleasure that if the members of the Church would teach one of discovery, of learning, of education as they go along. another diligently, His grace would attend them. The

The unusual surge'toward lifelong learning is motithings they taught in the spirit of prayer and fasting vated in part by the great explosion of knowledge. were "all things that pertain unto the kingdom of

Technological knowledge is being poured put so fast God."Geology, history, music,"languages, peoples, and

and so abundantly today that it is becoming difficult cultures and "the perplexities of the nations"were

Apri!1969 13

Adventures in Learning

some of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God. rise with us in the resurrection."(D&C 130:18.) True

{See D&C 88:7780.) learning is never in vain.

Through the School Of the Prophets and other The Lord expounds this doctrine further by saying means, the Saints gained wisdom by faith and by that if through diligent study and obedience the studying out of the best "books. These experiences learner gains more knowledge and intelligence in this

.became -great adventures in learning, because the life than another, he will have so much the advantage

gospel of Jesus Christ had in it great concepts and in the world to come. In other words, if he learns

ideas that illuminated what before had been only basic principles of knowledge and is intelligent enough words. to apply them in his life, he has a great advantage in

It is an adventure to discover and study ideas as a point of usefulness, happiness, and joy in the world to source of life and light, animating and illuminating come over the person who does not acquire knowledge words, emotions, people, and things. Ideas can be and intelligence.

light and truth. And if they are light and truth, they "It is impossible,"the Prophet said, "for a man to

are intelligence, which is the glory of God. No be saved in ignorance."(D&C 131:6.) The greatest

wonder, then, that Joseph Smith regarded true learnignorance is lack of knowledge of the saving princiing as a great adventure and a main pursuit of life. ples—principles that are true today, tomorrow, and

One of the first exciting learning experiences of a always. Principles of intelligence once attained go

Church member is the discovery that there is knowlwith the learner into the eternities. Once the learner

edge of good and evil in. the world. This opens the knows and lives up to the knowledge he has of such

way to a lifetime adventure in application of his ideas concepts as freedom, faith, baptism, obedience, sacriabout what is good and what is evil. fice, duty, authority, patience, marriage, covenants,

What are the best books to read? Since error and the atonement of Christ, forgiveness, creation, love,

truth are in the world, what, where, and which is the and God, he is equipped with eternal principles of knowledge that damns and the knowledge that saves? power. While the circumstances under which they

How does one keep from "ever learning but never may be applied are subject to change, the principles coming to the knowledge of the truth"? themselves are eternal open doors to things hidden

"A great part of the miseries of mankind,"said or unknown. They cry out continually to the posPresident David O. McKay, "are brought upon them sessor for application, reworking, combining, and reby false estimates they have made of the value of arranging, thus making eternity and all things in it

things."Learning, then, becomes the pursuit of continually new and interesting. No wonder the Son

values. There is excitement and joy when the learner of God said that eye has not seen nor ear heard the

discovers a great verity against which he can assess things that God has prepared for those who learn the concepts that lead to nowhere. With the great enough about him to love him and keep his comverities, he can set up precious guidelines. He chermandments.

ishes truth. He understands more clearly the meaning This teaches us that it is not enough to learn the

of Robert Frost's statement that "most [or much] of principle. Principles must forever be applied to the

the change we think we see in life is due to truths moving circumstances of eternity. One writer has

being in and out of favor."He sees learning as the said, "It is not enough to be on the right track—you

process by which men decide what the great ideas will get run over if you just sit there."Adventures in

and issues in their lives are, and how they will think learning never end when great principles must be about them. And this deciding is done in the marketapplied progressively in new circumstances. The

place of ideas where the learner may choose good learner is always learning line upon line and precept from evil. It is not known what each will choose. This upon precept, here a little and there a little. There

uncertainty is a calculated risk taken by the Creator can be no such thing as a dull Latterday;Saint if

of man and his environment. In no other way can the each one will spend time and eternity in the great

learner be proven. In no other way can character be adventure of turning knowledge into wisdom and inbuilt except through great adventures in learning. creased understanding.

A second great learning adventure is suggested in One of the greatest thrills the humble, faithful the doctrine expounded by Joseph Smith, that "whatLatter-day Saint learner may experience is in knowever principle of intelligence we attain unto [or make ing that he is not limited to hisown learning resources.

our own by study and application] in this life, it will Indeed, there are essential things he may never know

14 Improvement Era

if restricted to his own powers of study and research. likely to prove inadequate to the great moments of

He must add to these faith in God the Eternal Father life.... Young men who will formulate the deep

and his Son Jesus Christ. Faith is a form of learning. thought of the next generation, should lean on science,

This method was set up by the Lord himself, working for it can teach much and it can inspire. But they

by and through a powerful teacher and member of the should not lean where it does not apply."(Dr. VanGodhead \known as the Holy Ghost. "And by the nevar Bush, "Science Pauses,"Fortune, May 1965.

power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of The Holy Ghost gives direction, purpose, and balall things,"said Moroni. (Moro. 10:5.) The power of ance to adventures in learning. Much that is taught

this Holy Teacher comes through faith and good worldwide in continuing education gives the impresworks and the laying on of hands by those in authorsion that, belief in God and the socalled verities of ity. The Holy Ghost may be a constant companion life stultifies and stagnates the free mind. Discussion

and teacher to every member of the Church. The and prognostication are favorite tools, but learners

learner does not direct the Holy Ghost, but through too often suffer from "the paralysis of analysis."And

humility and lowliness of heart he may be directed too much that is taught in continuing education by the Holy Ghost. amounts to continuing uncertainty and elusivehess, as

Through the Holy Ghost one may learn the place if these were the acceptable approaches to great adof his own efforts and the place of the Holy Ghost ventures in learning.

in the learning process. This is one of the greatest But how rewarding is the spirit of the Holy Ghost

of all adventures in learning, and creates the highest as a teacher, confirming, illuminating, and making motivation to learn. Through the Holy Ghost the plain where the feeble torch of man's knowledge canLatter-day * Saint learner achieves the following not throw its light. What scholars, statesmen, poets,

balance: and prophets, should arise from great adventures in

"He who follows science—alone, comes to a barrier learning through individual effort combined With the

beyond which he cannot see. He who would tell us power of the Holy Ghost!

with the authority of scholarship a complete story The Lord promised the Prophet Joseph Smith that of why we exist, of our mission here, has a duty to he would give the true learners in the Church, by the speak convincingly in a world where men increasingly gift of the Holy Ghost, knowledge that has not been think for themselves. Exhortation needs to be revised, revealed "since the world was until now."He said

not to weaken its power but to increase it, for men further that men might as well try "to stop the Miswho are no longer in the 3d century. As this occurs, souri river in its decreed course,... as to hinder the

and on the essential and central core of faith, science Almighty from pouring down knowledge from heaven will of necessity be silent. upon the heads of the Latterday Saints."(D&G 121:

"But its silence will be the silence of humility, not 26,33.)

the silence of disdain. A belief may be larger than a Great adventures in learning await the Latterday

fact. A faith that is overdefined is the very faith most Saint who truly wants to learn. o

Friendship

By Mary Imogene Harris

Friendship can be a flame; Friendship can be a growth; joy that rises and almost overAs the sun strikes downward As each flower must find its way flows.

to warm the earth, to sunlight through the sod,

Friendship, too, can flow inward Friendship, too, can be nurtured Friendship can be an unblemto warm the human heart., to fulfill a deepest human ished emotion;

need. As the man from Galilee showM

Friendship can be a rhythm; how friendship in the purest

As each instrument.must tune Friendship can be a sparkle; form can be,

itself to blend in melodious As love in the purest sense Friendship, too, pitch, can be a bubble in the stream can be with us

Friendship, too, can find a way of life, as the deepest regard of man to live in perfect harmony. Friendship, too, can be a thing of for his brother.

April 1969 15 FT

u;

K >:*.

i -'

You will confine

yourself to giving reasons why your rival would

IB '"",'-. not be suitable

as a junior executive..

w

iPhato by E/don L/nschoten |Co//age by Virginia Newman I Posed by Joseph A. Kjar

PT?PQ NALAPPPATQAT

Smoothly, silently, the elevator door glided open. Bob Bridges drew a hand across his red hair, took a

deep breath, and began walking down the eighthfloor corridor.

For an instant the college senior halted outside the double glass doors of T. J. Rayfieid & Company.

He buttoned the jacket of his neat gray suit. Then, just as before, with a kind of nervous excitement, Bob

entered the corporation's chromeand-glassdominated executive offices.

No, things were not quite the same. The big reception room, minus all those other applicants, looked

different. This time, the only person in sight was his friend Larry Clawson.

Larry's dark eyes looked up. "Hi, Bob."

is Roger Winship Stuart a prominent American free- "'Morning, Larry. Big day."

lance writer and author and formerly was the Washington, D.C., correspondent for the New York WorldLarry sighed. "Last lap, I guess. Good luck."

Telegram and Sun. Bob crossed the room and impulsively thrust out

his hand. "The same to you, fella."

The same pretty blonde secretary, with the same (or a reasonable facsimile) warm, friendly smile, came to greet them—except now she was saying something about a time limit of five minutes.

"You're kidding,"Larry scoffed.

"Five minutes!"Bob gasped. "Do you mean to say

Mr. Rayfieid intends to give us just jive minutes

apiece?"The secretary's smile persisted. "Mr. Rayfieid has

an exceptionally full schedule this morning."

Larry worked his jaws. "B-but there must be some

mistake, Miss Marsh. I understood this was to be the you two. We're about ready to make a final definal interview."cision. But first, I'm asking you to do something

"You understood correctly. Please, Mr. Bridges, that could well be the most difficult test of all."

do sit down. Mr. Rayfield will be with you shortly. Despite his curiosity, Bob waited, saying nothing.

As for the time limit, he thinks five minutes will be "I'll give you the assignment in a moment,"the prosquite sufficient."pective employer went on. "Meanwhile, in case you

Miss Marsh excused herself and withdrew, leaving are the one we choose, you ought to know how the the two college friends staring incredulously at company feels about certain matters."

each other. Bob nodded, and the industrialist rose to his feet

Bob slumped down in a chair. What sort of guy, and began to pace the floor,

he wondered, was this fabulous T. J. R.? So he had "It's commonplace,"he said, talking as he walked,

built up a thriving business, mainly on the basis of "to say we're in a new age, a revolutionary era. Times

his Rayfield Compact Computer, as near perfect a have changed. Methods are being radically improved,

piece of equipment, supposedly, as anything the age You might be surprised to know, for instance, how of automation had yet produced. So what! If he much we relied on computers in evaluating all of the

thought—applicants."

Larry's voice broke in. "How do you figure he The pacing halted. From a distance of three or

imagines either one of us—or anybody, for that matter four yards, Mr. Rayfield declared, "But not every-

—could sell himself in five lousy minutes?"thing's changed. Basic values remain. Oh, I know,

Bob shook his head. "Makes no sense to me."we hear a lot today about cutthroat business prac-

"Why did he bother to have us come in at all?"tices, betrayed confidences, industrial espionage—

"Exactly. If he's that pressed for time, wouldn't you among other things. And that may be one side of

think he'd simply skip this socalled 'final interview'?"the picture. But it's only one side."

Larry opened his mouth, then snapped it shut. Miss He's an intelligent guy, Bob was thinking. He

Marsh and her smile were back again. didn't call me in here just for the fun of it—or to audit

"Mr. Rayfield will see you now."She looked at a fiveminute speech. What is he leading up to?

Bob. "You first, Mr. Bridges."Aloud, the senior said, "I've talked with some busiThe rugged industrialist—a squarejawed 50year-old nessmen who are a lot more cynical than you, sir."

who seemed scarcely 40—exuded energy and confi- "Cynical?"Mr. Rayfield's eyes flashed. "I'm sure

dence. He wasted no time. What took place, you have, Bob. So have I."

though, bore little resemblance to the usual interThe pacing resumed. "At any rate, I still believe

view. It was ninetenths monologue. in oldfashioned loyalty and reliability. I am conAlready standing when the door to his private office vinced that some men can be trusted. There is still

opened, Mr. Rayfield came forward, hand outintegrity in this world, if you can find it—and it has

stretched. "Glad to see you again, Bob."His grip was to be found, for it is essential to the proper functionreassuringly firm. "Sit right here."ing of industry."

He moved lightly, with amazing swiftness for so Bob, though listening attentively, thought, He's uslarge a man, to his own leather chair behind the masing up those precious five minutes. Then what ivill

sive desk. There was no evidence of relaxation in he do?

his posture. He sat erect, his keen eyes almost "That old saying, honestij pays, isn't as out of date

piercing. as some think. Why do you suppose this company

"It's been quite a gauntlet you've run—you and is always on the lookout for trustworthy men? BeLarry Clawson."cause we need them. Employees can be taught new

Bob smiled wryly. methods, faster and more efficient ways to solve

"Yes, quite a gauntlet. When we started out to find problems. But character is something else."

a young man to train for this junior executive post, With a quick glance at his watch, the industrialist there were 49 applicants. Of course, the first 20 were returned to his chair. Equally as abrupt was his

eliminated in rather short order. I must say I'm change of subject.

pleased with the way you and Larry have come "Now, Bob, in your application and in your tests through our barrage of tests, interviews, and investiyou have given us considerable information about gations."yourself. You've supplied good reasons why the comGlancing at a paper on his desk, Mr. Rayfield conpany might profitably hire you. Larry Clawson,

tinued without pause, "It's narrowed down now to naturally, has done the same thing.

18 Improvement Era "At this point we want you to tackle something ''':.. it will give us

quite different: we want your personal appraisal of

Larry."another look at you

"Of Larry?"Bob gasped.

"Right. But it is to be an appraisal in negative and your ability

terms. You will confine yourself to giving reasons

why your rival would not be suitable as a junior to size up executive of T. J. Rayfield & Company."

Bob's jaw dropped. He stared. "Hold on a min- a man's potential"

ute. What you ask—"

"It's a tough assignment, I know,"Mr. Rayfield

broke in. "But please don't think this is a onesided

proposition, I will have Larry in here shortly, and he will be given the same assignment with respect business to convince each of them that the chance to you."to compete for a postgraduation opening with the

Bob shook his head. But the older man, raising a Rayfield organization was well worth pursuing.

hand, went on, "I understand you two are longtime "Opportunity of a lifetime,"he had called it. And

friends. You know each other's faults and weak points. no one could have watched the progress of these two

Tell us about them—not that we'll necessarily be through the interviews with keener interest than the

guided by what you say, but the appraisal at least veteran professor. Helpful to both, he had favored

will give us another look at you and your ability to neither, hoping only that one or the other of "Delby's size up a man's potential."boys"might emerge as the ultimate winner.

Bob's frown deepened. "May I ask a question?"Sighing, Bob turned from the window and walked

"I'm afraid not. Time's up."The industrialist rose. over to the desk, which was bare except for some

"I'll show you to another room, where you can write. sheets of paper and two needlesharp yellow pencils.

You'll be allowed 15 minutes. If you finish sooner, Seated, he took out his own ballpoint pen and scowlplease remain there until I send for your paper."ingly commenced to doodle.

In the little room to which he was ushered, Bob To lose out at this stage will be rough, he told himspent the first couple of minutes pacing the floor, self. Until now, I didn't realize how much I wanted

muttering to himself. So this was how the company to win. Ah, well, there's some consolation knowing

chose to conclude its famous "weedingout"process! I'll have lost to the best man of the lot. Good old

He didn't like it. Had T. J. Rayfield's talk about oldLarry. How it will grind him to learn he must tear

fashioned loyalty and integrity been just talk? So it me apart for the edification of T. }. R.!

seemed. Bob tore his doodlefilled sheet from the pad.

Pausing before a window, he could see, far across Crumpling it, he tossed the wad of paper into a town, several of the college buildings. Alumni Chapel's wastebasket. At last, he settled down to write.

tall spire crowned the hill. Below, the whitepillared The pretty blonde secretary with the durable smile

front of Kenyon Hall showed plainly. And edging came to pick up his appraisal, and Bob shortly found

out from a clump of trees was a portion of the Business himself once more being escorted into the spacious

Administration Building. private office of Mr. Rayfield.

Business administration meant Professor Delby. In At almost precisely the same moment, Larry Clawhis mind's eye, Bob saw him too—bushy gray hair and son entered. Neither one spoke, but for a brief inall. The veteran professor was more than just another stant their eyes met. Then Larry came across the

member of the faculty. Never aloof, never too busy to room to take a seat beside his rival on the long leather

hear a fellow's woes or to offer a hand in solving a sofa.

problem—academic or personal—he was counselor, Meanwhile, at the massive desk, Mr. Rayfield

guide, and friend. seemed to be absorbed with paper work. Bob wonWait until I tell Prof about this. Will he ever have dered why he had bothered to summon both of them.

to revise his estimate of the great T. }. R.! Why wouldn't it have been sufficient to notify the

Professor Delby was the one who had started the winner, and let the other quietly go his way?

ball rolling on this competitive project for both Bob "I think it would be well,"said the industrialist, and Larry. Not only had he placed their names at looking up without expression, "to read these aloud.

the head of his list of prospects; he had also made it his (Continued on page 23)

April 1969 19 JUST OFF THE PRESS FOR APRIL CONFERENCE

From Dcscret Book - Stimulating Insights

1. GOSPEL INSIGHTS 2. LEADERSHIP AND 3. THE SAGA OF THE

From Sermons and Stories of HUMAN RELATIONS BOOK OF ABRAHAM

William J. Critchlow Jr. by Neil J. Flinders by Jay M. Todd

Compiled by Eleanor Knowles Improved human relations is one of Here is a treasury of data, stories,

Treasured nuggets of truth and sparthe world's vital needs today where reports and other related information kling wisdom are found in the "storichange is at a maximum and stability dealing with the mummies and papyri ettes"of the late Elder William J. at a minimum. In such a world there associated with the Book of Abraham.

Critchlow Jr., master storyteller. The is a need for unusual and keen For the first time, all of these differbrief stories told by the former Assistleadership, spiritually motivated. ent segments have been brought toant to the Council of the Twelve in Leadership development is the gether under one cover. It should help

his sermons, contain "lessons of theme of this book. The author first allay many false stories, rumors, and

strength, faith, and fortitude,"told stresses personal preparation and questionable information regarding in an informal, personal manner of then offers LDS parents, teachers the Book of Abraham. "Saga..."is

one speaking to friends around a and church executives the tools and a reportorial work in which a myriad fireside rather than from the pulpit. motivation to accomplish better bits and pieces of information have

$3.95 leadership through better human been gathered and combined.into an

relations. $4.95 interesting narrative. $4.95

20 Improvement Era APRIL BONUS VALUE BOOKOF-THEMONTH

5. LOOK TO THE MOUNTin Reading Regularly $3.95

During April only $2.95

The sublime message of the Sermon on the Mount emerges from this book with all its implications and promise fully examined and interpreted. In it the reader

will find wisdom and knowledge combined with beautiful simplicity. "In this valuable

book, the author discusses the 'new laws'of Jesus in a clear and convincing way and shows how they fulfilled and perfected the earlier laws and prophets."

4. THE IRON TRAIL TO 6. STORIES YOU'LL WANT

THE GOLDEN SPIKE TO REMEMBER by John J Stewart totlir. Compiled and Adapted by

Here is a sequel of the "Old West"Joyce Bowen Maughan that has been little told. This is the In a time where more is heard of

story of human misery worse than rights than of responsibilities, this slave traffic, of financial corruption, book presents a collection of fine of courage, of men of foresight, and stories especially selected to teach of the years of struggle to get a railthe moral truths of being honest, road across this nation. This is also brave, and courageous. It is designed

the story of the part Brigham Young to help children from 8 to 12 see the and the Mormons played before that value of these traits through the climactic day, May 10, 1869 at Promexamples of many great people who, ontory, Utah. Once started, this book by living these moral principles,

will be hard to put down. $4.95 helped make civilization great. $1.25

f|I IRON TSAtt I

Book

ORDER FROM

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 12 3 4 5 6

Total cost $ This must include 3V4% sales5% salestax fromtax Utahfrom residentsCaliforniaorderingresidentsfromorderingSalt Lake,fromor

Orange. Paid by check; money order; or charge

established account.

Name

Address

City

State Zip

April 1969 Apr. 1969 Era 21

7, 7. v/'. L/> /*// 0tf

It's the greatest Saves me time every shopping and travel card month 'cause I have only ever inventedbecause it one bill to pay instead can be used for so many of many.

things at so many places.

On/y once have / / tike itbecause it makes used the cashadvance record keeping so easy. feature. /needed cash right

And if he/ps me ihen fora very worthwhile control my budget too. purpose. And/gotit!

Want one? FIRST SECURITY

Ban kAmericard responsibleBankAmericardpersonis whoavailablehas thetoabilityany to handle income wisely. Applications

are available at any First Security Bank

AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES or at BankAmericard participating merchants. Fill in and mail. It's self

addressed and postage is paid.

"Servicemarks owned and licensed by BankAmertco Service Corporation

22 Improvement Era I'll read the shorter appraisal first."phraseology, it practically duplicated the other.

Bob stirred uneasily, and a deep flush invaded his Both writers had rejected the assignment. Their

cheeks, as he listened to the sound of the words he expressed reasons were the same, and each had had just written: acknowledged the fact—as he saw it—that failure to

"I have been asked to prepare a negative'appraisal list his competitor's "negative"qualities automatically of Larry Clawson, who, like myself, is a candidate for eliminated the writer as a candidate.

employment with T. J. Rayfield & Company. "Anyone who didn't know how well separated we

"If the request had covered Larry's positive qualikept you two,"said Mr. Rayfield, smiling faintly,

ties, it would be a pleasure to comply, for, through long "might think you had worked these out together.

acquaintance, I have learned to know him well, to "In one respect,"he continued thoughtfully, "you appreciate his many virtues and talents, and to adboth made the wrong assumption—your belief that

mire his character. failure to 'downgrade'the other fellow would result

"We happen to be competing for the same job. in your disqualification. As a matter of fact, I hold

But Larry and I are not mere acquaintances. We are to the view that no man may safely be considered loyal,

friends. As his friend, I could not possibly attempt where the organization is concerned, if in a pinch he

to supply a list of Larry's 'negative'qualities. cannot be trusted to stand by a friend."

"I am aware that, by failing to carry out the assignPausing deliberately, the industrialist stood up.

ment, I shall have eliminated myself from further "The very fact that each of you refused to sell your consideration for the post. This I sincerely regret. own friend short to advance your competitive standBut my regret would be much greater if I were to win ing,"he concluded, "solidifies my belief that the

knowing that success had been based in the slightest company would do well to offer junior executive posts degree on any statement of mine which could be to you both."

construed as derogatory of a friend."Later, as the two executivesto-be were leaving, Mr.

Dropping the paper on his desk, Mr. Rayfield reRayfield remarked, "You know, it wouldn't have surmarked dryly, "That's that. It is signed, 'Respectfully prised me if you fellows had decided to wind up your

submitted, Robert Bridges.'papers with that quote Prof Delby is always spouting:

A wave of silence flooded the office. The industrialWhen Zeno was asked what a friend was, he replied,

ist took up the second paper. "Now,"he said, "listen 'Another I.'

to this one. The remarkable thing about it... well, Bob and Larry exchanged surprised glances, and

that will be selfevident when you hear it."Bob said, "I didn't realize you knew about that, sir."

Once more he read aloud. The "remarkable"aspect "But of course,"laughed the middleaged industrialof Larry Clawson's contribution was, indeed, almost ist. "You see, once upon a time I, too, was one of

immediately apparent: Save in its somewhat different 'Delby 's boys.'"o

/ understood That somewhere, sometime there could be found

A path on which in measured steps

The human soul could upward climb

And find again its home.

/ searched In written words from pens of gifted men,

My Quest And human logic often led

Where paths wiere blurred, By William T. Sykes And left me questing still.

I prayed, And in the quiet of an eventime,

When peaceful silence held my humbled heart within its folds,

I heard the answer so long sought,

And knew at last the secret path

That leads from me to God.

April 1969 23 r7 MEICHIZEDEK WL PRIESTHOOD"

(P-t Guidelines on how DHOW tO to do a better job Church delegation, in your positionChrist."(Eph. 4:1113.)

through and by the This is our task and authority of the holy and enjoy doing it. responsibility, and it is

priesthood of God, is to be done through and becoming more and under the direction of more important as the the priesthood. There

Church grows in total must be no force, coermembership and recion, or intimidation in gional distribution. In our delegation. To be

fact, it is imperative for effective, we must seek continued success. As Elder Ezra Taft Benson and obtain the Spirit.

the characteristics of Without the Spirit we our Church membership flounder, unsure of our distribution change, there is increasing need for leaddecisions and counsel. Wise delegation requires the

ership training and the wise delegation of responsisame spirit that is required to preach the gospel. The

bility. Lord said:

In the past decade the Melchizedek Priesthood has "Wherefore, I the Lord ask you this question—unto

increased 57 percent, from 186,000 to 292,000 memwhat were ye ordained?

bers, and the Aaronic Priesthood has increased by 80 "To preach my gospel by the Spirit, even the Compercent, from 170,000 to 306,000. Surely with this forter which was sent forth to teach the truth....

great growth the Church faces the future unafraid "Therefore, why is it that ye cannot understand because it is divine. and know, that he that receiveth the word by the

We are engaged in the greatest work in all the Spirit of truth receiveth it as it is preached by the Spirit world: the saving and exaltation of our Father's chilof truth?

dren. We are the custodians of the truth, the saving "Wherefore, he that preacheth and he that receiveth,

principles that, when applied, will build, save, and understand one another, and both are edified and reexalt men. joice together....

The Lord has given us broad organization outlines, "That which is of God is light; and he that receiveth

purposes, and objectives, but he leaves to us much of light, and continueth in God, receiveth more light;

the working out of methods. This is where correlation and that light groweth brighter and brighter until the

and leadership training come in, and why such segperfect day."(D&C 50:1314, 2122, 24.)

ments of the program as wise delegation of responsiWise delegation also requires prayerful preparation, bility are under study. as do effective teaching and preaching. "And the

The Apostle Paul wrote: Spirit shall be given unto you by the prayer of faith;

"And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and if ye receive not the Spirit ye shall not teach."

and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers; (D&C 42:14.) And, we might add, ye shall not dele-

"For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of gate without the Spirit.

the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: In this same spirit we may seek help from the good

"Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of and wise men of the earth. Much has been done

the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, outside Church organization in the area of managing unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of the services of men—delegation and responsibility—

24 Improvement Era By Elder Ezra Taft Benson Of the Council of the TwelveDelegateWisely

that may be helpful. Many of these tried and tested is well to check back and find out where you slipped—

procedures, approaches, and principles, when used in and don't be afraid to admit you did. Remember,

company with the Spirit, can be helpful. Here are a our people are voluntary, freewill workers. They

few examples: 'also love the Lord and his work. Love them. Appre-

1. Good management means delegating authority. ciate them. When you're tempted to reprimand a

2. Delegating part of the work load helps you and fellow worker, don't. Try an interesting challenge and

your organization. a pat on the back instead. Remember, our Father's

3. Effective management is the art of multiplying children throughout the world are essentially good.

yourself through others. He loves them. We should love them too.

4. The jobs to delegate are the ones you do best. Why do people fail to delegate? There are a num-

5. The number of subordinates who can report ber of reasons. Here are some:

directly to one supervisor is limited, because of time, 1. They feel the subordinate won't be able to

distance, human limitations, and type of work. handle the assignment.

6. Authority and responsibility may be delegated. 2. They fear competition from subordinates.

Accountability may not be delegated. 3. They are afraid of losing credit or recognition.

7. The most eligible candidate for a bigger job is 4. They are afraid their weaknesses will be exthe man who has already trained his own replacement. posed.

8. Why delegation goes wrong: failing to delegate 5. They feel they will not have the time to turn

enough, delegating by formula, failing to keep comover the work and provide the necessary training. It

munication lines open, failing to define the assigntakes time to delegate wisely, but it also saves time, ment, failing to make builds people, and inthe assignment stick, creases output.

failing to delegate At the time of delegaenough authority to do tion there is usually exthe job, being too narcellent opportunity to row in your delegation, get close to people—to

failing to allow for misbuild them up and give takes. them needed counsel

These are but a few and direction.

guidelines from AmeriIllustrated by Ted Nagata My son Mark, who can business and inhas responsibility as dustry. More and more, experience proves that the sales manager for the direction of 4,000 salesmen who

spirit of the Golden Rule—the spirit of the gospeldo direct selling, sent me this list of six principles

succeeds in wise delegating in the Church and elsefor delegating responsibility:

where. 1. Select the jobs to be delegated and get them

In the Church especially, asking produces better organized for the person to be assigned.

results than ordering—and better feeling, too. Re- 2. Pick the proper person for the job.

member to tell why. Follow up to see how things 3. Prepare and motivate the delegate for his assignare going. Show appreciation where people carry ment.

out instructions well. Express confidence where it can 4. Assign the work and make sure it is fully underbe done honestly. When an order gets fouled up, it stood.

April 1969 25

5. Encourage independence. Ke that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the

6. Maintain supervisory control—never relinquish Father which hath sent him."(John 5:2223.

the reins. On four occasions the Father introduced Jesus as one

More important than all worldly knowledge, helpful who had been delegated, and as his beloved Son:

though it may be, is the example and direction found in 1. When Jesus was baptized of John the Baptist,

holy writ—in the great plan of a loving Father for us, a voice from heaven spoke out: "This is my beloved

his children. There are many impressive examples. Son, in whom I am well pleased."(Matt. 3:17.

The very foundations of the world were laid by 2. At the transfiguration, a voice proclaimed to

delegated authority. Jesus reminded people many Peter, James, and John: "This is my beloved Son, in

times that his mission on earth was one through whom I am well pleased; hear ye him."(Matt. 17:5.)

delegated authority. In speaking in the synagogue, 3. When Jesus first appeared to the Nephites, a voice

he told them that he had been delegated by his Father: was heard saying: "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom

"For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own I am well pleased, in whom I have glorified my namewill, but the will of him that sent me."(John 6:38.) hear ye him."(3 Ne. 11:7.)

In the opening lines of the gospel of John, the 4. Almost the same words were spoken when two

writer noted that at the very beginning of the founheavenly personages appeared to the boy Joseph Smith dations of the earth, Jesus acted as a divine son in that first vision which began the restoration of the delegated by the Father: "In the beginning was the Church. "This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph

Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word Smith 2:17.)

was God. In each instance, the Father indicated that Jesus had

"The same was in the beginning with God been delegated. He had been dele-

"All things were made by him; and gated not only to preside over the

without him was not anything made world but also to redeem it.

that was made."( John 1: 1-3. Three years after the first vision of

Christ also revealed that judgment Joseph Smith, Moroni appeared. Later

had been committed to him by the other important messengers came with

Father: essential keys, including John the Bap-

"For the Father judgeth no man, but tist and Peter, James, and John, all hath committed all judgment unto the delegated appropriately for their imSon: That all men should honour the portant work.

Son, even as they honour the Father. Illustrated by D le Kilbourn (To be continued)

The Easter Miracle By Bertha A. Kleinman There is no death! The majesty of sleep is but an

From out of the depths of chasm and abyss, above interlude the spheres between, the gloom of sepulchre and death, And, as the lilies open to the dawn, so homing

From crucible of bygone dynasties, the morning souls shall rise to answer Him rides her orbit of routine Whose hands shall heal the bruise of battle scars,

And ushers in the Eastertide anew. and bind the stricken hearts that anguish on,

From rugged rim,, behold time's vestibule, as, Distilling mercy and benevolence as gracious rain bridging eons and eternities, distills upon the lea.

The shrine of ages rears her pinnacles in ritual before the morning star! We face the dawn; we stand on holy ground, and

Erstwhile the river carves her turgid way, her these the priests and these the priestesses, wanton rapids thirsting for the sea; Who serve the altars of humanity, as surest refuge

Erstwhile the sunrise bursts in lavish flame to where their God may be.

lave the ivorld in regal pageantry. Thus in thy handiwork, Thou Supreme, the

Easter miracle translates anew,

Let acclamation ring from rim to rim: let adoraAnd this her oracle—the faith of men that lives

tion answer from the skies: rekindled till He comes again!

26 Improvement Era IMPORT/ANT NEW BOOKS

by Ezra Taft Benson

Titled after a biblical parable de, enemy's secret work of destruction, work by Elder Benson is a compilatk speeches and writings. Hardhitting an.

spirited, this volume uses specific exampi show how individual freedoms washed away—and in soundin(

the author gives a solution to stem the tide.

$4.95

rrk E. Petersen

turmoil and conflict growing deeper throughout the world, an apostle speaks out against modern evils and gives us an inspired guide to true peace. A dynamic writer,

Elder Petersen forthrightlv points the way to happiness thru peace which the Mas'

THE MESSAGE OF THE DOCTRINE 4. PIONEl ) INDIAN STORIES 5. GENEALOGICAL GUIDEBOOK AND

AND COVENANTS ATLAS OF DENMARK by Parr Lucy Frank by Compiled Smith A. John by Widtsoe

all will of de- '1 1 ii, ages Readers A. Finn and Thomsen

is unpublished Here an manulight with stories these Genealogical Church The LDS vivid, script enof DENIM which gives

Frontier. the White American Society has than 63,000 more lightening inspiring and

good Red men, and men rolls of microfilmed Danish protheology, on comments INDIAM meet men, bad men and This genealogy. guide book literature phecy as found and

a colorful against pioneer tells to research in you how Doctrine the & Covenants.

background.

records. these

$3.50 $2.50 $4.50

L 6. Z10N IN BOOKCRAFT BC469

1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following book(s) for which I enclose check by Roy W. Doxey

or money order in the amount of $

Revelations and writings of 3 4 5 6 Authorities reveal the General 12... of information a wealth about NAME this city of the future. Paper ADDRESS

bound. CITY $1.50 BOOKCRAFT

ZIP 1186 South Main STATE, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Residents of Utah add 3';i% sales tax.

April 1969 27 Moses Calls Aaron to the Ministry ByHanyAnderson

28 Improvement Era Richard J. Marshall, vice president of an advertising and public relations firm in Salt Lake

City, serves on the Church's Adult Correlation Committee.

The Painting

of Moses and Aaron

By Richard J. Marshall

Another painting in the series of great moments in religious history has recently been completed for display, duplication, and use throughout the Church.

The new illustration, painted by the American illustrator Harry

Anderson, crystallizes for the viewer another important moment in biblical history, revealing the artist's concept of that sacred occasion when Moses, commanded by God, laid hands on his older brother Aaron and called him to minister in the priest's office in the sacred duties within the tabernacle. The painting is merely an illustration depicting the facts that men were

called of God by prophets anciently, and authority was conferred by the laying on of hands, an ordinance that Aaron probably experienced several times under the hands of his brother:?ftsMoses.

Careful biblical research went into the painting of this scene, which shows these two Levite brothers in the courtyard of the tabernacle on a sundrenched day typical of those experienced during their 40 years of wilderness wanderings. The courtyard,

which surrounded the tabernacle

Moses had been commanded to And no man taketh this honour unto himself, (Continued on page 31) but he that is called of God, as was Aaron."{Hebrews 5:4.)

April 1969 29 OWNABUSINESS OF YOUR OWN AND ENJOYAPROFITABLE FUTURE with your own franchisee! Distributorship featuring exclusive JER MARAI fashions!

to our national expansion, JER MARAI now ADDITIONAL ADVANTAGES YOU WILLD'UEoffers unlimited opportunity for husband and wife RECEIVE ARE:

teams to invest in their own business. A franchised JER * An Appointed Territorial Area

MARAI Distributorship offers you exceptional financial * Complete Trainingreturn as you represent an exclusively designed line of Distributorship School prestige loungewear and sleepwear... sold only through Staff Followup

the home fashion show. Continuous incentive promotions

Quarterly Conferencesand garment specials support one of the finest marketing * programs available in the direct sales field. For ambitious, * Annual Conventions

industrious couples, a career with JER MARAI offers * Unique Marketing Program unprecedented opportunity, with your goal limited only * Guaranteed "Image"Productby your own enthusiasm and effort.

Your initial investment opens the door to an exciting, * Computerized Distribution profitable career in the fascinating JER MARAI world and Inventory Control of fashion. * Bonus and Gift Recognition

Learn how you can share this outstanding future by sending in the attached coupon or write:

ATTENTION: GERALD D. LUNDAHL, M.D., PRESIDENT

JER MARAI Please send me full information regarding the opportunity establishing of Distributorship. a franchised JER MARAI LINGERIE

interested in Consultant in becoming a JER I am MARAI COMPANY an existing Distributorship.

,, 16203 WARD WAY Name CITY OF INDUSTRY, Address-.Phone

CALIFORNIA 91745 City State, L.D.S. OWNED AND OPERATED Check one:

I have much some Q no "party plan"sales experience.

Improvement Era

build, was insulated from the stones; i.e., "And the second row n the breastplate

outside world by "hangings... shall be an emerald, a sapphire,

of fine twined linen of an hunand a diamond. And the third but not visible

dred cubits long for one side."row a ligure, an agate, and an

( Exod. 27:9. ) Standing shoulderamethyst."(See Exod. 28:15, 18to observers

toshoulder at the outer edge of 19. ) Also in the breastplate but

the courtyard can be seen male not visible to observers was the was the sacred members of the tribe of Levi, sacred Urim and Thummim, that some of them carrying the tradiAaron might be mindful that he Urim and tional trumpets of burnished "shall bear the judgment of metal. Israel upon his heart...."Thummim..."

Moses had been commanded (Exod. 28:30.)

to "take thou unto thee Aaron Other articles of clothing—the

thy brother, and his sons with robe, the girdle, the cap or miter the body of the laver was used him... that he may minister with its inscription, "holiness to for the hands.

unto me in the priest's office. the Lord"(Exod. 28:36) -have The tabernacle had two altars

'..."(Exod. 28:1.) Two of been painted in detail, even to the altar of incense, which stood

Aaron's four sons stand at the the golden bells and pomein the Holy Place before the veil entrance to the tabernacle lookgranates that fringe the brilliant inside the tabernacle, and the ing on as Moses commences to multicolored robe. brazen altar of burnt offering,

bless and confer authority upon Much of the representation for which stood in this outer court.

their father. these sacred garments was Made of acacia wood overlaid

While Aaron's clothing in the gleaned by research at the Hewith brass, the bronze altar was painting may seem rather curious brew Museum in New York City, furnished with rings and stays, and contrived, actually it has where the ancient traditions of distinctly defined in the scripbeen painstakingly painted from the Jews have been carefully tures. It has been told and retold

the exacting descriptions found preserved. in Jewish lore that the position

in the Book of Exodus, for the Sunlight dances on the polof this outside altar was imLord declared that Aaron should ished copper laver that stands portant. It stood at the very

wear holy garments "for glory upon a base of brass between the threshold of the sacred taberand for beauty... that he may altar and the door of the tabernacle, teaching distinctly that

minister unto me in the priest's nacle. The priests, Aaron, his "man has no access to Jehovah

office."(Exod. 28:2-3.) These sons, and others of the Tribe of except through sacrifice."These

revelations placed great stress Levi wash their hands and feet great metal objects—the laver

on each article of clothing, which in the laver before ministering and the altar of burnt offering—

included a breastplate made of at the altar or before entering the as well as the cumbersome tabergold with blue, purple, and sanctuary of the tabernacle. nacle and the outer wall, which

scarlet linen and set with four This ceremony, according to the were carried through the wilderrows of precious stones, each inJewish traditionalists, symbolness day after day, only to be scribed with the name of one ized the holiness that is required set up and taken down again, are of the Twelve Tribes. There to the service of God in the powerful visual evidences of the

were two other stones, one on tabernacle. burgeoning faith and discipline

each shoulder of the ephod or When Moses was ready to of Israel under Moses'firm upper garment, which also carhave the laver created, it was authority.

ried the names of the children made from the brass and copper It is hoped that the painting of Israel—six names on each mirrors used by the women of will be a useful tool for the instone. These were connected to Israel and contributed by them struction of our youth, reinforcethe breastplate by two chains of for this sacred vessel. Like ment for those who know the

pure gold. The Lord intended Aaron's garments, the design for meaning of the story, and a lever

that all these things be done with the laver was taken from scripto open the mind and heart of "cunning work,"describing the ture and from references in the all viewers who desire to know length and breadth of the setHebrew Museum. The base held more of God's priesthood and

tings as well as the kinds of water for foot washings, while kingdom. o

April 1969 31 to President Young. I do not think we traveled one of Brigham Young and the Church, had took the matter

day from the Missouri river here, but advised his friends in America's "halfIn a letter to his wife, Reed recorded what we looked for a track where the way house in the wilderness"to avoid that President Young sent "a severe rails could be laid with success, for a the entanglements of the great controletter to the boys, bidding them com-

I have for them to dorailroad through this territory to go versy of the day—slavery—but to speak plete all work

to the Pacific ocean. This was long up and make their voices heard in such before showing themselves in Salt Lake

before the gold was found, when the matters as land liberty, postal reform, City, since which I have not heard a

Territory belonged to Mexico. We never Indian affairs, and the proposed railword about pay."

went through a canyon, or worked our road to the Pacific. As the railroad approached, Brigham

way over the dividing ridges without Residents of Salt Lake City had Young took a contract for the grading asking where the rails could be laid; hoped that they would be on the railof the Union Pacific through the canand I really did think that the railway road route. When it developed that yons east of Ogden. His principal subwould have been here long before this; both the Union Pacific (building from contractors were his son, Joseph A.

and I do think it would if there had not the east) and the Central Pacific (from Young, and Bishop John Sharp. Hunbeen some little eruption [the Civil the west) were considering a route dreds of men were employed. As they

War]; but I do hope that now we will around the northern end of the Great worked they sang:

get it."(Descret News, June 17, Salt Lake, because it was shorter and

1868.) had less desert and more grading facili- "At the head of great Echo, there's a

So said President Brigham Young on ties, the June 1868 mass meeting was railroad begun,

June 10, 1868, speaking in Salt Lake held. Although the northern route was And the Mormons are cutting and gradCity at a mass meeting concerning the upheld, a branch line was eventually ing like fun;

railroad issue. built to Salt Lake City. They say they'll stick to it until it's

The Utah territorial legislature petiBrigham Young's first contact with complete, tioned Congress in 1852 and again in the Union Pacific was probably with For friends and relations are longing 1854 for the construction of a railroad Samuel B. Reed, who made that comto meet.

utilizing the central route to the Pacific pany's first surveys in the West in coast and for the building of a tele1864, and who had hired some Mor- "Hurrah! Hurrah! the railroad's begun,

graph line. In February 1851 Thomas mon men to assist him. There was Three cheers for our contractor, his

L. Kane of Pennsylvania, a great friend some trouble with the men, and Reed name's Brigham Young;

Hurrah! Hurrah! We're honest and true;

to it, it's bound to go if we stick..."1869. May 10th. 1869. Andthrough.

Lest We Forget GREATEVEMT

Young's contract was that of the conBaileiumRoad from—theo3#>Atlanticonmworrttm - to the Pacific East of the territory of President

tract of Joseph F. Nounnan and ComWedding pany—"Gentile"Salt Lake City bankers.

Pacific and former governor of of the Rails CentralLeland Stanford, president of the

California, awarded the grading conBy Albert L. Zobell, Jr. tract for his railroad to Mayor Lorin

Research Editor Farr of Ogden, who was joined by Elder

Ezra T. Benson of the Council of the

Below: Spike picked up at Promontory, Utah,

after that section of road was abandoned. Twelve and Bishop Chauncey W. West.

They built the grade of that road from

Humboldt Wells, Nevada, eastward to

Ogden, a distance of two hundred miles.

Construction on the Salt Lake TemfCel??&E ARRIVAL 'OF tRAim EEOM THK K A*!;. ple and other buildings in the territory

ffilOTCRTOh. loss 1'xo.u Ft;ur Days, woMingSANtheFRANCISCOBangers of ttes Sea! ceased as men answered the call of

the grading contractors. At the Echo

Travelers for Pleasure, Health or Business Canyon camps were men from nearly

IQSffiwllULS & 1ATIHG HOUSES every Mormon settlement—recruited by

PULLMAN'S PALACE SLEEPING CABS

GOLD, ": tllAi-.,SILVEROrss.-ici..KetiMnn, ANDNvt OTHER MINERS!

C HEYENNE.Lia m miforroPEEVESmi sm,."CEWTRALem. mmt cm.GITYm un& SANTAcm m mmiFJ Improvement Era

fBe Bare they Read via Platte Valley o* Omaha b

Mmm- *Lmmmm gtan'icA: | WbEt 1 """""""THE RAILROADS.

Rellon,, bishops along a ward i54.as who to work came '''-bih: ff jjn

Union Railroad Pad!',, 9 - (Si TO OM! ii WESTERN HOETH effectivelywith their

1 this So men. was

. IS BUILT! RAILWAY! 1 jSSffiUOM fmHkPsw''**&6 * - *"*'iW1H 1 SsJ *THT'.nwBa.BOKknalm

call for graders that the answered Union COJIlAKl- THE Cliicap: Rod unit cwm*- K IM

*-'"< BUabtltheit ""Ij.jte rSgS. out H Pacific T surveying ran S crews behind i 300,000

CouDQirLioni. Sura 1 Mid?'!lt Tnin> Fait.<''"'!Hb PACIFIC RAILROAD, imAMMTar *:WlSpx*W

8H1I.EY STOVJS8, the schedule, graders and sometimes CAMP FURNITURE GOODS MEW iiiiJiMiiiMS Itonlc Contra! (real Iowi IMKM all Jdi) mnicrial brtaidbf. inB

"* orES K -ef ''w...... xi 'TRAIWSl.——DAILY HK R0SS"X'- TWO WOM of vebbicu* work. because complained no ut nmia **"

i 4 OJIEAIIA A*-i ". &, pacwi* Disioa?:,:>.i-;?V- ETSt,B?V, c""""'srnn&K,", Mitt "A... MOINES ROCKKLANO. VIA DES CHICAGOt 11'i'13j, t?"RMi.tto 1 wIv wliig;0uirmBDS8, Br """-"ROIDS

! JOU""H of ETERH building MO transcontinental the The Grain and Provisions PTffBa 1 Tlti* Central Grent Home

-'; '"':'..-',-

!.,,;.. <*KI, o IK 11ILKS OVER HAHa..Zw***M."1.100 ni>5H0HTEH change am] vli (luu iiiilli::! J", Kns, a railroad task. formidable Central was i1 TUNNEL Tflll, MACHINE UiSSS. * A< '(Ml, 1,.r.fcl.., 1Jt"c"'1 mwiij 'l'"4 JjJ COFFEE, K'

Cars Elegant Ken all Pacific their to ship equipment, had "', r * HBtCSB, LV'B |Bl

COACHES l",,L SLEEPING ALL RINDS "'PAUCK GROCERIES. 7 J=dOF

B-ftp.'!"."rails, stock, bolts, ""rolling tools, wofj "sVnttT:-lnri and WOrfA Ncionil of ir:nul,irri>

1 Cnrl, 1 *B JaSss 'MHSaiSJKSf kQI a, teiMty b<xul"l-lou-. ".77,T"."''r.kV"rfc.""''w'll.il'i"'...!. WANTED IMMEDIATELY!

Bcrajpan, Atlanticfishplates sea the V by from Mechanics art Freinta Mm, "-"'"""H aoooakasf. Pttfi:as K.T home ITXTAJBl WW Th SmBffi HicliotWsPntrfri ALL AND KINDS OF TOOLS, or across the coast, fluaiMU, Horn IKEtlKHHtTnlllFEn around Cape ClFISOIUIDSItRflllT[CLEtKr\ll(II

: <lnrry.m*ii, TEXTS, igtiKga ""'

'JKkMki'Wi'Q SecondEland T'r."'*,"',,."".'-""i

Sti>nr Simon-. 'WWSftf?!rt!?t'!4.l H JtK& arsixiao hammers, of Francisco to SanIsthmus Panama, - - ''-". "aiL*,tta., STEEL,

.HI'.:..:'rasaswgw BH fO WDEB,\ "-'Bl

TffT7*"Brff IBay. Until 1 of the completion the ON THE RAILROAD! Chicago kT."V

"'<.', ",..,.,,, i,,,..,,..,,.. "All kinds of material necessarv: D '<|

for Railroad Building i>i) aic, Railroad to and North Western Council or Mining., i *'"'C "'.:','. ';: **i*Ve'v,:.";! i"tU"w*tSiiSatai?i: '!":,—;r, 1ViL'. m, l] i SHARP VOUSC, *H Kffi''—m

;:l f/MERCHANTS Sdtjrapl. in Bluffs, Iowa,.. 1867,. Union November. B.'iB "3 * nnsiiy DiMVuonev, Ml M

1 "1, mOOtTOBSBROIML. 1 "".':"..::"...-.!,'tJob!'. 1, /I'.":."- 'iitii. -..';s:'..K: a. mi-. 1,('!*r;v?rH c. LV W >

'"""""'>T*,tTiK *K<..D.'"'""'"rr its Pacific entire of stock drew materials freight | 200 mm B jABIHEl w FtS?*

CHOPPERS UD aims ""frSiS gpH31 supplies River from Missouri and steam- u. WANTED IMMEDIATELY! s 9y yilllP DRAFTS TIME 100 TEAMS fcfc, gvM ties ers. Central Pacific '(which the Even EEIS&r.

'5 "'H"1869. IN LAKE BEAR WANTED B7 BOUGHT W

VALLEY, Jlonllilj, 1SCAHU, in 'T'ii'rJ greatobtained quantities 8r from the 'i'H,,,, \ LCTIE. Krai t <tiii-r,v-mcn. f

ui>jj*nMtt;;'M.'tiseo. n M a

[*"**Sierras) to JUKI brought be by had Union U.P. B. R. UdHWt**, V0UCHEH5, f;;

'. dujIH.I. i Wl jflflH W.m 6 CheCkS -'&C J, KWsmjSSi CLAWPIIT * lite CO. W. maPAlNTtRfiG4 & ItnUrond! [ ''d| Onl>ul \,.,u- niijil). until Uuwl line nrcd Pacific Jim the the Black reached |Vcsrtahloa.

jw'.i.ii,..... A P R T A TAKEN S—B B B

1 "T SrSaLi "FDH KEKOtLASDIHE. kt. w"'"*,r.;i i;. JBB H UTAH. OF PEOPLE S S TJ* 4

1 Hills fend'!""'of Utah's and Wasatch '; Wyoming IttlWG SHARP.1 A \ lino. WOOBMAS'iEE * ijjfl.i:r/JXUSZX,r*7Z??Zl j'1 [flS

Mountains. hJfOR TUB-! SBASOjM

During the first years, scarcity of labor had delayed construction. At the

end of the Civil War, Union Pacific found its labor supply in the former Newspaper ads found men for construction work, then whetted desire to use railroadssoldiers and also used many Irish immithe world was brought within reach.

grants. Central Pacific had labor difficulties that were not solved with the

war's end. Railroad wages could not work in Nebraska. Later, Central Pacific As the railroads neared each other,

tempt men from California's mines or worked on comparatively easy plateaus competition increased. The contractors

the promises of striking it rich. In in Nevada and Utah, while Union Pacific gave their men added incentives, and

desperation, Charles Crocker, construcfound difficulty threading through the laborers often found it convenient to tion boss, imported Chinese laborers.* mountains of Wyoming and eastern quit and work for the other company.

Grading and construction moved forUtah. John Gay was hired to take a hunward with the help of tons of black As the Union Pacific tracks were laid dred thousand dollars or so to empowder and some nitroglycerine. In the into Ogden on Monday, March 8, 1869, ployees working on the Central Pacific.

beginning Central Pacific had been the whole countryside turned out in He and a companion took a good team bottled up in the Sierra Mountains while celebration. Children, dressed in their and wagon, which was loaded in part

Union Pacific had comparatively easy Sunday best, lined both sides of the with hay. At a distance west of Ogden

track, carrying flowers and flags, waitthey were stopped by horsemen who writer's *This grandfather Hans, to earn ing for the train. Among the children demanded to know if their leader was

tofunds emigrate his Danish motherin-law, found track employment during the 136970 was eightyear-old Dianna Farr. As the Chauncey West. "Never ever heard

inwinter an otherwise bartereconomy Utah. train came by, the engineer blew his of him!"they exclaimed. And they

Oriental laborers working in gravelHe saw pits with their longhandled, squarepointed whistle in jubilant celebration, and the drove on with a fortune under a layer shovels. backed "When a train into the was small children scattered like frightened of hay, while the unsavory riders waited

wouldpit, Mr. Chinaman put his back up

against the car and face the gravel, lifting chickens. Dianna ran half a mile until for the paymaster for Farr, Benson and

the shovel over his shoulder, head not and all. she was mired waistdeep in a swamp. West. gravel thewatching where at landed

About 20 men to the car, they would not The other children ran, too. They had Fortunes were made and lost by the

bodies, but keptmove their steady up a never heard a train whistle, and it individual railroad contractors, who untilshoveling car the movement was loaded."scared them. often used their own funds to meet the

April 1969 33 payrolls while waiting for their own in its entirety, and none of the newsThen came the actual driving of the payments. Financial anxieties are said paper reporters were able to hear all last ordinary spike with an ordinary

to havo hastened the untimely deaths that was said. sledge hammer that had been wired as

of both Ezra T. Benson and Chauncey Music for the day was by the Fort a telegraphic key. Stanford and Durant

W. West. Lorin Farr lived to be paid Douglas and the Tenth Ward bands both swung at the wired spike—and

in full by the Central Pacific, but in refrom Salt Lake City. both men missed, to the delight of the

flective moods he was wont to describe The Reverend Dr. John Todd of Mascrowd. However, an alert telegrapher,

himself as "railroad poor."sachusetts, acting that day in dual W. N. Shilling, clicked three dots over

The grades of the two railroads—alcapacity as a newspaper correspondent, the wires at 12:47 p.m., triggering celeready completed in case they were offered a twominute prayer. Next the brations at every major city in the

needed by the competing companies spikes were driven except the cerecountry. In San Francisco, the impulse

paralleled each other for miles through monial ones. In ceremonies that folactivated a fire alarm tower. A bell in

northern Utah. For each mile of track lowed, Dr. W. H. Harkness of Sacrathe Capitol at Washington, D.C., rang

completed, the companies received mento presented two gold spikes to with the impulse. The celebration in

their subsidy ($16,000-$48,000) plus Union Pacific's Durant, who slid them Salt Lake City centered in the Taber10 square miles of land (64,000 acres). into place in the polished laurel tie. nacle, completed two years before.

Central Pacific completed its trackThen Central Pacific's Stanford received Meanwhile, two other railroad officials, age to Promontory Summit on May 1, precious metal spikes of gold, silver, using an ordinary sledge, drove that 1869, and on the afternoon of May 7, and iron from Arizona and Nevada, and last ordinary spike into its ordinary tie.

Union Pacific rails were laid at Promonslid them into place. A ceremonial Photographers were busy. Pictures

tory. Union Pacific Engine No. 60, with silver sledge hammer was also received. were taken. Military officers and their

Jack Casement aboard, entered its track. All the appropriate oratory ended. wives gave the precious spikes cereCentral Pacific Engine No. 66—the Union Pacific's Thomas C. Durant and his Utah grade contractors, John Sharp and John

Farr, Lorin Pacific's grade contractors, Central Leland Stanford his NevadaUtah and

States, of the United S. Grant, President Ulysses "Whirlwind"—ran to its own railhead. Young;Ezra T. Benson, and Chauncey W. West;

Both engines screamed their whistles at time of the Golden Spike in salute. For all intents and purposes,

the transcontinental railroad was completed—6 years, 3 months, and 29 days

after the Central Pacific broke ground.

The event for which the nation and the world was waiting occurred May 10, 1869. At eight that morning spectators

began to arrive. At 8:45 the first

Central Pacific train came in from the west. Then two Union Pacific trains

arrived. At 11:15 Leland Stanford's gaily

decorated train arrived, pulled by the "Jupiter"engine. Although thirty

thousand people were expected, the crowd that day has been estimated at a disappointing but boisterous 500600.

Officials of both roads had been unable to agree on the program ahead of time. Finally, at five minutes before

noon, when proceedings were to begin,

Stanford of Central Pacific and Thomas

C. Durant of Union Pacific agreed on a

joint program. Meanwhile the crowd

had grown loud and unmanageable, which interfered with the ceremony and made it impossible for many to see what was happening. It is thought that

less than 20 persons saw the affair

Kodak Film monial taps with the tangs of their of using the usual pick, for construcDEVELOPING sword hilts, thus producing the only tion on the Utah Central to begin. Salt

marks to be seen today on the gold Lake City was not to be denied a railspike. Central Pacific's "Jupiter"backed road line. up, and Union Pacific's No. 119 crossed It was a project of the people from SAVE?S50/o

the junction. Then No. 119 backed up, the beginning. Many of the Saints had FAST, CONVENIENT

and "Jupiter"crossed the junction, come to Utah years before on Perpetual symbolizing the inauguration of the Emigration Funds (PEF), a system deQUALITY SERVICE transcontinental rail travel. vised by the Church to help the poorer

The telegraph wire pulsed with two Saints. But many had been unable to

more messages: "General U. S. Grant, pay back PEF as planned. Here was an

President of the U.S., Washington, D.C. opportunity for them to work for the

Sir: We have the honor to report the Utah Central and wipe the slate clean, COLOR

last rail laid and the last spike driven. and foreignborn fathers and their

K0DAC0L0R The Pacific Railroad is finished."nativeborn sons worked side by side to

Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints "To fathers'the Associated off the Press: indebtedness. pay The The last

... Rolls: Save 8 Exposure $2.55 77c P rail is laid, railroad the last spike at Salt Lake completed driven, was the

.. Rolls: Save 12 $3.00 $1.48 Exposure

Pacific Railroad is completed. Point of City January 10, 1870, amid the cheers Reprints from NegS:. $.20 ea. Save 9c

junction, ten hundred eightysix miles of not fewer than 15,000 citizens. Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater

west of the Missouri river and six hunBrigham Young, president of Utah Picture Area dred ninety miles east of Sacramento. Central, drove the last spike at 2:09 KODACHROME or EKTACHROME

—Leland Stanford, Thomas C. Durrant."p.m. with a large steel mallet manuDeveloped into Slides or Movie Film

The ceremony was over, and the factured and decorated at the Church Q 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

precious spikes and tie were removed. blacksmith shops. Engraved upon the $1.35 Save 75c

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides:

But souvenir hunters were yet to be top of the tool was a beehive, sur- $2.40 Save $1.00

reckoned with. That day and in the mounted by the inscription "Holiness Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll:

months following dozens of "last to the Lord,"and under the beehive $1.35 Save 75c

spikes"letters mysteriously C. disappeared, "U. R. R."the were and

probably within the first of as railroad the six months coming The wrought BLACK & WHITE many ties were used in replacements. great changes in Utah. During the Developing and Jumbo Prints

Nor did the ceremonial spikes and years immediately preceding completion n 8 Exposure Rolls $.85 Save 51 (

tie fare too well. The gold spike, preof the overland railroad, imports seldom 12 Exposure Rolls $1.00 Save 88c

sented by David Hewes of San Franexceeded 12,000 tons, and exports 20 Exposure Rolls $1.35 Save $1.45

cisco, and the Nevada silver spike are were even smaller. In 1871 the volume 36 Exposure Rolls $2.00 Save $2.72

at Stanford Univernow in of a museum imports domestic exports and had GENEALOGY PHOTOS sity, silver with sledge. together the increased tons to 80,000 and was soon

The whereabouts of the Arizona spike increased to about 125,000 tons anNegatives from old photos:

and of the second gold spike, which nually. The population of Utah also Prints from negatives: $$.08.60 SaveSave 40c4c

seems to have been given to General increased measurably—from 86,786 in

Grenville M. Dodge of the Union Paci1870 to 143,963 in 1880 and 210,779 inINSTRUCTIONS:name and addressCheck belowyour order Wrapaboveentireandformfill

fic, is a mystery. The laurel tie was in 1890. around your exposed film and include in heavy

destroyed in the San Francisco earthTo a large extent great strides had dutyC.O.D.'senvelopeplease along Minimumwith yourorder:remittance$1.00 WeNo

quake and fire of 1906, which also, already been charted and pioneering anypay returnunprintablepostagenegatives You receiveor any fulloverpayment.credit for

incidentally, destroyed the records of had already begun in many fields and Utah residents add 3V2% State Sales Tax.

the Southern Pacific (Central Pacific) industries in Utah before completion NAME (PLEASE PRINT)

Railroad. of the railroad. But on the back of the '

iron horse, which pioneer enthusiasm ADDRESS had helped to saddle, both Mormon CITY STATE ZIP

President Brigham Young was not and Gentile in Utah rode more swiftly Checkcharge if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no present at Promontory—he was holdand easily toward the realization of a

ing conferences elsewhere in the terriWest that was ready and eager to make YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR tory. He was in Ogden one week later, its social and economic contributions MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED

May 17, 1869, cutting the sod, instead to the nation. o MAIL TODAY TO

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

April 1969 35 editorial, appeared in the same newspaper. Mr. O'Leary claimed

to have been in Salt Lake City at The Mormons and the time of Brigham Young's funeral (1877) and said he had found many Irish in Utah, "but not the Irish one was a member of the Mormon

By Brent A. Barlow Church."4

However, on February 6, 1905, The names of towns, counties, not a single Irish woman!"1 In the Deseret News replied to the

and cities in the United States 1856, a newspaper, the Irish Amerquestion, which had been raised testify of the many Irish who ican, claimed that not one genuine again: "There are quite a number

helped settle American communiHibernian (Irishman) had ever of Irish people in the Mormon ties. Sixtyfive locations are named arrived in New York with the MorChurch.... The fervent, faithful

after people whose names bear the mon immigrants. And a contemIrish members, some of whom are

Irish prefix "O,"and several others porary newspaper similarly stated in Utah, and others in Ireland, Scotbegin with "mac."Numerous counduring that year: land and various parts of Europe,

ties and cities bear Irish identities: "Among the many thousands of are living witnesses to the falsity of

there are 24 Dublins, 21 WaterMormons who came to this country the gist of the article reviews, which fords, 18 Belfasts, 16 Tyrones, 10 we do not believe there has been is the assertion that 'there are no

Limericks, 9 Antrims, 8 Sligos, 7 anyone who belonged to Ireland. Irish Mormons.'

Derrys, 6 Corks, 5 Kildares, plus The elders do not obtain any conIndeed, while tens of thousands others in America. verts among the Irish, nor do their of converts were gathered out of

Latterday Saints may wonder doctrines find favor. A well known England, Scotland, and Wales

what relationship existed between Irish gentleman in New York has during the nineteenth century, rethe Church and the Irish. Since the in vain tried to detect an Irishman search today discloses at least 809

Church was organized during the or woman among the many Morknown or recorded converts gained period in which many Irish immimons who have entered Castle in Ireland by the year 1900. And

grated to America, did the Irish Garden. On Saturday last, 170 even though the number of consignificantly contribute to the esMormons were landed at the depot verts in Ireland was small, the Irish

tablishment of the restored gospel? from the ship Thornton, most of as a people did not reject the

Until recently, some historians have them having been sent out at the Church. Additional investigation

implied that the Irish have had expense of the Mormon Emigrant indicates numerous Irish people little to do with the establishment Fund. He saw among them Engwho immigrated to other countries,

of the Church. Even though latterlish, Scotch, Welsh, Jerseymen, particularly England and Scotland,

day revelation declared that the Danes and Swedes in great numbecame converts to the Church.

gospel was for "all nations, kinbers,"- but he reported he saw no When missionaries arrived in dreds, tongues and people"(D&C Irish. England in 1837, many Irish were

42:58), several nonMormons durSimilar reports were made in already scattered throughout the

ing the nineteenth century claimed Great Britain. On September 1, British Isles. As early as 1815 many

that one nation was immune to 1885, the London Daily Chronicle of Ireland's farmers saw no future

Mormonism—Ireland. contained an editorial claiming that for them in their country. The

A western American historian prior to that date, "no native of the 181618 typhus fever epidemic and stated the Irish were "the only Green Isle [Ireland] had made his industrial failure gave added incenEuropean people who contributed appearance in Salt Lake City as a tive for the Irish to emigrate. As

no recruits to the Mormon combeliever in Mormonism."3 Two days land rents rose to outlandish highs,

munity."He also noted "there were later an article titled "Irish in Salt and as the population steadily invery few of the Irishmen who Lake City,"signed by a Mr. Peter creased, the people began to leave

joined the Mormons [in Utah] and O'Leary, affirming the previous their country for other parts of

Britain. By 1840, oneseventh of

Brent A. Barlow, president of the Tallahassee (Florida) Student Branch, is a

former missionary to Ireland. He completed a masters thesis on the history of the population of Liverpool and

the Church in Ireland and is presently pursuing a Ph.D. at Florida State onetenth of Manchester were Irish

University.

refugees. Since both cities were

36 Improvement Era SPECIAL OFFER regularly proselyted by missionaries you jiduring the following decade, it is m highly that if not probable some, to the first convertsmany, of the ION IN THE

Church in England were native.AST DAYS

Irish people. In 1840, Heber C.

Kimball wrote to the Prophet by Roy W. Doxey

Joseph Smith that "many"who had Revelations and writings been baptized in England had if the General friends in Ireland, indicating the

Authorities reveal the possible Irish nationality of some of the early converts. ocation of Zion, the plot

Although numerous Irish were )f the city, Zion and the living outside their country by fen Tribes, Zion's place 1840, a few years later the infamous in prophecy, and events potato famine caused many others which must happen to leave Ireland. Most students of before the Saints return

history are aware of the mass Irish to Zion. Paper bound.

immigration to the American shores ROY W. DOXEY

during that time, but there was an- $1.50

other emigration more numerous less celebratedthough in which the CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE CHOICE BOOKS:

Irish in overwhelming masses 5. Life Everlasting of Believing Powercrossed the Irish channel to land 1. The

by Duane S. Crowther $4.50 Sill $3.75 Sterling by W.

at ports in England, Scotland, and 2. Mission for Mother 6. Mormon Doctrine

Wales. by G. Hugh Allred $3.95 by Bruce R. McConkie $6.95

Irish immigration to Liverpool, 3. Meaningful Living 7. Eternal Quest

England, began in January 1847, by Paul H. Dunn.....$3.00$3.00 by Hugh B. Brown $3.95

when six thousand refugees fled to 4. Book of Mormon 8. Book of Mormon Stories

the city; one month later, the influx Compendium for Young L.D.S.

. $3.50of Irish peasants became so numerby Sidney B. Sperry $6.95 by Emma Marr Petersen.

ous that Lord Borougham of the

House of Lords rose in Parliament If you do not want the book, return the on February 4, 1847, and reported Send your check or money order for postcard always provided for an alterthat three thousand Irish paupers your first selection checked below. Your nate (or none at all). Buy as few as one

from every part of Ireland had book, plus your free book, will be sent book every three months to keep your landed at Liverpool during the prepostpaid. Each month you will receive membership active. With every four

vious 48 hours. The emigration reviews of several books. To get the books you accept, you receive a fifth

continued, and by June 1, 1847, a top book, you do nothing... it will be book of your choice free... a savings

total of 300,000 Irish people had sent to you postpaid with a statement. of approximately 20%.

descended on Liverpool, which had 4-69 previously had population of only Please enroll me as a member of the LDS Books Club, Inc.

250,000. One alarmed Liverpool Enclosed is my check or money order for $

citizen stated that "the arrival in? / i for my first selection checked here.

1847 of tens of thousands of Irish paupers dealt this work [city im- I understand I will receive "Zion in the Last Days"absolutely provements] a shattering blow... free for joining this month.

INC. CLUB, BOOKS the peasants[and] are coming over 'LDS

Salt City, Utah 84110 Lake Box 400,..."regiments. thehere by

How many of the "Liverpool Irish"were baptized into the Church? The Liverpool Branch reCITY, STATE, ZIP

cords for 18401855 show that of

INC. 84110 LDSP.O. BOX 400 BOOKS 1188 SOUTH MAIN CLUB,SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

April 1969 37 those converts who named their number could not be ascertained place of birth, nine percent were or even guessed."Even though no

born in Ireland. One such Irish statistics are now available of Irish

convert was Charles A. Callis, who conversions in Wales, there were

was born in Dublin and immigrated undoubtedly many Irish refugees to Utah, where he later became a who joined. But the only correlamember of the Council of the tion that might be made with the

Twelve. Phillip A. M. Taylor, a Church in Wales at this time is that

British historian, concluded that of on October 17, 1846, Dan Jones, a the numerous Liverpool converts highly successful missionary, rewho recorded no birthplace, many ported that with the help of a few were "transients,"which would others, more than one thousand adequately describe Irish refugees. converts had been gained in Wales

The Liverpool Albion noted during during the past 18 months. During

this period that the bulk of conthis same time the Irish were verts and emigrants were farmers, arriving in Wales in large numfarmer's servants, and their wives bers; hence, the Irish were proband families. In 1841, 507,651 Irish ably among the Welsh converts.

harvesters went to Britain to seek To some missionaries in Great employment. Britain, the Irish potato famine of

"Where the World Large numbers of Irish also went the 1840's was more than a natural

Registers"to Glasgow, Scotland, during the disaster. In 1823, the Angel Moroni

famine years, and reports in 1847 declared to Joseph Smith that judgYour next trip to Denver—the stated that the streets were "literments were coming upon the earth climate capital of America—

ally swarming"with Irish people. with great desolations of famine, will be most memorable when

you stay at the Brown Palace. Between June 15 and August 17, sword, and pestilences, and that

600 air conditioned rooms 1847, more than 26,000 Irish arrived these grievous judgments would suites and executive rooms in Glasgow. An examination of the occur during that generation. FurGlasgow Branch records for 1840thermore, modern revelation stated

five famous restaurants 51 indicated that of those converts that in the last days, God would complete convention accommodations who reported their birthplace, 18 gather his people "by the mouth of percent were born in Ireland, and my servants... and by the voice

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE during the famine years of 184547, of famine."(D&C 43:2425.)

35 percent of the converts in GlasMissionaries did not hesitate to gow were Irish. Apparently Irish make these prophecies known. In

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

Represented by: conversions in Scotland later in1840, Times and Seasons reported

MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER creased, because on January 4, the economic distress of the people

City York New 1862, George Q. Cannon of the in Ireland and stated, "When we

W. FAWCETT GLENN

Los Angeles British Mission presidency stated: see prophesy fulfilling, we are

"I understand there are more Saints bound to acknowledge that thoseV in Glasgow and in Western Scotwho uttered it were dictated by the

WESTERN land who are Irish and of Irish spirit of truth."7 That same year,

extraction than there are of Scotch; Heber C. Kimball wrote from EngTECHNICAL

and this proves that they are susland to Joseph Smith describing

COLLEGE ceptible to the truth when cirIreland's economic turmoil, the unLearn By Doing in Shop and Laboratory cumstances are favorable to their employment situation, and the tens

ELECTRONICS DRAFTING receiving it."fi of thousands who were starving:

AUTOMOTIVE TRAINING During the years of famine, the "This scene of things is passing

Financial Aid and Parttime ports of Swansea, Cardiff, and before our eyes daily, and we look

Employment Available Newport, Wales, received so many upon it with sorrow and regret; at

FOR COMPLETE DETAILS Irish that an inspector for the the same time it is that which is

Phone 3590658 in SALT LAKE CITY Welsh coast reported that "great spoken by the mouths of prophets.

or numbers of Irish landed... but the... These things are coming upon

VISIT, PHONE, or WRITE 2250 So. Tejon, Denver, Colo. 80110

(303) 9345523

38 Improvement Era the inhabitants, yet they are blind tion ship in January 1855, and Irishmen who became known as auand cannot see it; they appear to during March that year 401 Saints thors and writers. William A. Morexult over the saints and when a and about fifty Irish were aboard a ton, who was born January 19,

few fine days come (which are ship sailing for America. Since there 1855, at Banbridge, Ireland, served

indeed scarce) they cry out to the are indications that missionaries as assistant editor of the Millennial saints, 'where is [sic] your famines, were actively proselyting while Star, secretary of the Genealogical pestilences and judgments you have crossing the ocean, it is possible that Society, and editor of the Utah predicted;'then we tell them to some of the Irish people heard the Genealogical and Historical Magawait a little while and they shall gospel and joined after encounterzine. He wrote several books, insee them, and they shall know that ing the Church at sea. cluding Mother Stories of the Book

we have told the truth. s To Elder While several Irish Mormon pioof Mormon, From Ploughboy to

Kimball, the famine was inevitable. neers are listed among the early Prophet, Life of Christ for Little

When the famine did occur, Parsettlers of the intermountain area, Children, and the widely used misley P. Pratt claimed the awaited the following converts were among sionary tract, "Why I Believe the

judgments had begun in Ireland. those who rose to prominence: Book of Mormon to Be the Wrord of

His editorial in the Millennial Star Charles A. Callis, who was born God."

in 1845 declared: "... and why did in Dublin, Ireland, served as a misRichard H. Smyth, a poet and

the potato crop... in Ireland perish sionary, was president of the writer, was born December 25,

and rot in a night?... Because the Southern States Mission for 26 1838, in Dublin, Ireland, and had

angel hath flown in the midst of years, and was ordained on Octomany articles published in the Milheaven, having the everlasting gosber 12, 1933, as an apostle. lennial Star, Juvenile Instuctor, and

pel to preach to them that dwell James Ferguson held the rank of Deseret Neivs. He was also the

on earth; and to every nation, sergeant major in the Mormon Batauthor of the hymn "Israel, Israel,

kindred, tongue and people saying talion and was historian of the God Is Calling,"a favorite song of with a loud voice, fear God, and famous infantry march to the Pacithe British Saints in the early days.

give glory to Him, for the hour of fic Coast. Born in Belfast, Ireland, Hugh Ireland, also an Irishman,

His judgment is come.""on February 28, 1828, Mr. Ferguson served two years as editor of the

A secondary result of the famine was also a sheriff in Salt Lake Millennial Star and for 20 years as occurred in 1844, when the Church's County, territorial attorney general, editor of an early missionary publeaders in Britain expanded their and a selftaught lawyer, orator, lication, the Liahona.

emigration efforts into a general and dramatist. The first bookstore in Salt Lake

shipping company that provided When the original pioneer comCity was operated by James Dwyer, transportation to America for anypany entered the Great Salt Lake who was born in Ireland in 1831.

one who would pay the fee. ReuValley on July 24, 1847, three IrishHis establishment served as the

ben Hedlock, a Church leader in men were in the party: Robert E. literary and educational center in

Britain, formed a partnership with Baird (Byard), born May 15, 1817, Utah for many years.

Hiram Shaw, who had some finanin Londonderry, Ireland, served as These names, plus over a huncial interests in Ireland; and becamp tailor. James Craig was camp dred others listed in biographical

cause thousands of Irishmen were bugler and known as the "Bugler of collections of prominent Mormon fleeing their country, provisions the Pioneers."Pie was born in 1821 pioneers, must silence the report

were made to jointly transport in Ireland and later returned to his that "there were no Irish MorIrish refugees and Church converts homeland as a missionary. Howard mons."Though the names discussed

to America. Although little is Egan, who was born June 15, 1815, here do not include any Irish

known of the extent to which these in King's County, Ireland, became women, several hundred, perhaps plans were carried out, there are a member of the Nauvoo Legion more, were among the stalwarts of some indications that the Saints and held the rank of major. Until the Church. Latterday Saints who

and Irish shared sailing vessels his death, he was known as "Major do genealogy today will probably while crossing the Atlantic Ocean. Egan."He faithfully kept a diary find in many cases that their grandOn a Church emigration ship in during the westward journey in mother or greatgrandmother came

1852, it was reported that "besides 184647, and this record has been from Ireland. As we extend our

the Saints, there were a number of published in a volume titled Piogenealogical work, many members

Irish emigrants on board."1 "Irish neering the West. of the Church will probably diswere also aboard a Church emigraAmong other early pioneers were cover Irish ancestory even though

April 1969 39 LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS their more immediate progenitors 20 SAVINGS came from America, Australia, 20% OR MORE, CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 600 SELECTIONS France, Canada, the British Isles,

No minimum purchase Your choice of items or any other country to which the dispersed Irish nation has fled.

at and records books over on to obtain details of all LDS and Catalog how 20% 80% or In 1855, Elder John D. T. Mcorder. will your selections you when request: they with sent be included savings upon more, cash FPCTI"KtL

Allister, missionary in Ireland, stated: "... royal blood flows in the

THE WAY TO HAPPINESS FAMILY STORAGE PLAN INDEXCOMPREHENSIVE

Rulon S. Howells Bob R. Zabriskie HISTORY OF THE CHURCH veins of Ireland's noble sons and

($1.50) $1.20 ($1.50) $1.20 (reg. $3.00) $2.40 daughters and when they have the

OF BELIEVING POWER privilege the of hearing Gospel, DAYS ZION IN THE LAST DOCTRINE MORMON

Sterling W. Sill Doxie Roy Bruce R. McConkie

it... ut-."n This they will embrace (reg. $3.75) $3.00 (reg. $1.20 (reg. $1.50) $6.95) $5.56

ON GETTING THINGS ABOUT LIFE & LOVE DOCTRINES OF SALVAterance has been fulfilled in many

DONE Dr's Belhap & Griffin TION Vols. 1, 2, 3. instances and lately for the Irish in

Roy L. White (reg. $2.95) $2.36 Joseph Fielding Smith their native country. In July 1962.

(reg. $3.25) $3.75) each $3.00 MARRIAGE (reg. $2.60 ABOUT a mission was organized, and dur- (reg. $11.25) Set $9.00 &MORE LIFE EVERLASTING

Duane S. Crowther Dr's Belnap & Griffin ing the past six and a half years

(reg. $4.50) $3.60 (reg. $2.95) $2.36 LDS BABY BOOK the membership has steadily inWhite- PinkBlue YEARS FIRST 2,000 creased. In addition, four beautiful

$3.60 Cleon Skousen COMPREHENSIVE HIS- (reg. $4.50) W.

have The been erected. THE OF CHURCH $3.16 TORY (reg. $3.95) BOOK OF MORMON COMchapels 6. Vols. 1, 5, 2, 3, 4, is president Mission current Irish PENDIUM B. THIRD H. THOUSAND YEARS Roberts

W. Cleon Skousen (reg. $4.50) each $3.60 Sidney B. Sperry Theron M. Ashcroft.

(reg. $5.95) $4.76 (reg. $27.00) Set $21.60 (reg '$695) $5.56 What of the future of the Church

.DOCTRINE COVEAND THOUSAND FOURTH in in Ireland? After returning 1885 NANTS COMPENDIUM YEARS INTRODUCTORY

B. Sperry Sidney as Skousen W. Cleon Mission president, European OFFER (reg. $5.95) $4.76 (reg. $6.95) $5.56 Elder of Smith the Henry John or more 25% THE WORLD AND THE PROPHECY cash savings of the in Council reported Twelve

S. Crowther Duane PROPHETS

(reg. $4.50) $3.60 Hugh Nibley general conference

VITAL QUOTATIONS FASCINATING WOMAN- (reg. $3.95) $3.16 "I am inclined to believe that

Roy West Emerson UNDERSTANDING CHILthere are hundreds thousands and HOOD (reg. $4.50) $3.60 DREN B. Andelin Helen of in will reIreland people who R. D. Wiley (reg. $5.95) $4.46 FOR KNOW MAY MAN

(reg. $3.95) I ceive... Gospel. the $3.16 found them HIMSELF VOICE OF THE

0. David Pres. I McKay [the Irish] the stock purest among THEE WED PROPHETS ISRAELS

(reg. $4.95) $3.96 Rex A. Skidmore B. Sperry Sidney is earth. at the Virtue a held upon

(reg. $2.95) $2.36 (reg. $3.75) $2.50 LIVING, LOVING & high them. premium The among

LIVING MARRYING E MEANINGFUL TH EVERLASTING SPIRES

Curtis & Anderson Paul H. Dunn Wallace A. Radnor statistics in Great Britain show this

(reg. $4.50) $3.60 (reg. $3.00) $2.25 (reg. $3.25) $2.60 fact. I say this speaks volumes for

FIRE REFINERS THE ARTICLES IN OF FAITH UNDERSTANDING THE I trust Ireland, the Gospel and may

Alvin R. Dyer Record AND WORD SONGTHINGS OF GOD in the spread land and thousands (reg. $5.95) $4.76 L.P. P. Burton Alma 33

1 - Stake Primary Tempe (reg. its $2.95) truth."receive $1.96 may LDS BOOK GAME

(reg. $3.00) $2.40 Heaton Alma TO SO YOU WANT

(reg. $3.95) $3.16 LIBERALISM, CONSERVARAISE BOY A

ADDED UPON W. Cleon Skousen TISM & MORMONISM

Nephi Anderson (reg. $5.50) $3.75 Hyrum L. Andrus FOOTNOTES

(reg. $1.95) $1.56 (reg. $1.95) $1.56 'Hugh Quigley, The Irish Race in California

and on the Pacific Coast (San Francisco: A.

Roman and Company, 1878), pp. 54446.

Postage & Handling. 25 -The(JohnMormon,Taylor,Vol.ed.,2 (August185557).9, On1856),file No.at

Historian's Office. thereof for all books or portion order United States: per $3.00 Add 15c Star, Vol. and records. ChurchMillennial 47 (1885), p. 586.

thereof. Supplies: or portion Genealogical $3.00 order 25c per Games, Add 'Ibid.

All Foreign Countries: Books: Add 20c per $3.00 order or por- (New"CecilYork:WoodhamHarper Smith,and Row,The 1962),Great p.Hunter273.

tion thereof. All records, Games and other material including ''Millennial Star, Vol. 24 (1862), p. 134.

1. Seasons, 'Times Vol. and 2 (December first or portion Supplies Genealogical $3.00 $1.00 for the add

232. p. 1840), portion. or additional for each v;,.:.. $3.00 of order and 50c Hhid., (April 1, Vol. 6 1845), pp. 86263.

"Millennialw]ournal HistoryStar, Vol.of 8The(1846),Churchp. 100.of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, January 10, 1852.

Located in Church Historian's Office.

LDS BOOKSTORE P. 0. Box 2454 Journal"Millennialof Star,Discourses,Vol, 17Vol.(1855),26, pp.p. 17677.474. P

346 S. Hobson St. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in the world.

40 Improvement Era

extra things, the It was after the game, and two young men being able to do good—the

talked as they waited for hamburgers to be needful things—in cooperation with God. He

served. It was a different conversation from will honor us in these efforts in a special way.

what one usually hears. I know this now, and it niakes a lot of dif-

"Power of the priesthood? What do you ference in how I live."

mean? I've been ordained a priest, and I What about you and the priesthood you

bless the sacrament,"said the younger one, hold? Have you thought of the difference it

"but power? / have power? To do what?"can make in life? Here is a checklist to

The older one was thoughtful, and smiled consider slightly as he spoke. "That's how I felt * Your friend is seriously injured in an

before I went on my mission. I just didn't accident. You are on the scene. What could

really understand. One day a lady brought you do?

me her sick baby to bless. She was counting *Your team has climbed on the bus, ready

on me to do something. Me! I prayed hard to travel some distance for an interstake

for a I could do game. What could you do? feeling—a conviction that

anything, even with the Lorl's help. I realized * A girl at school works on the same comthen that she could have prayed to God hermittee with you and has expressed an interself, but she wanted the help of the priestest in learning more about the Church. What

hood. could you do?

So I placed my hands on that baby's * Your father isn't a member of the head and the Lord healed him. I've known Church, but your sister needs some help in

since that moment that priesthood is power. making an important decision. What could

It isn't just another name for scouting. It's vou do?

Power*? 1DoWhat?

42 Era of Youth From a personal letter to Elder Marion D. Hanks from Lt. Col.

Rulon P. Madsen, serving with the U.S. Army in Vietnam.

Reunion With a Son As I performed the duties of alert officer through a long, lonely night in the highlands of

Vietnam, I had the privilege of listening to tape recordings of the last general conference. What

a wonderful blessing that was! But as I sat there with a tear in my eye, my mind went back to

the week before, when we had enjoyed the opportunity to meet in a humble chapel in central

Vietnam for our quarterly district servicemen's conference.

A large group of LDS men and friends had gathered from all parts of the third and fourth corps areas in the expectation of meeting one of the General Authorities from Salt Lake City, together with our mission president from Hong Kong. Our first meeting had begun without

the presence of the visiting brethren, as their airplane had been delayed. Conducting was a fine

young LDS chaplain, Captain Joseph F. McConkie.

As our meeting progressed, I glanced at Chaplain McConkie and saw a smile come upon his face not quite like any smile I had seen before. He stood as Mission President W. Brent Hardy

stepped up on the stand. In a moment we all saw the special inspiration for the wonderful smile.

Behind President Hardy came, not the General Authority anticipated, but Chaplain McConkie's father, President Bruce R. McConkie of the First Council of Seventy. Father and son shook

hands, then, in the presence of the entire conference, embraced each other with a kiss of love.

Many respectful, homesick men beheld that tender scene with tearfilled eyes.

Is it possible for others to comprehend the feeling that those two shared in that wonderful moment? I have tried, and as I think of it even today my eyes moisten with tears. It was the

sweetest and most humble greeting I have ever witnessed. I was filled with joy for both of them,

moved by the open expression of such outstanding love between father and son. No doubt many

others sat through the remainder of that conference considering, as I did, the basis of so wonderful a relationship, and praying that as fathers or sons we might, through the gospel of Jesus

Christ, build such love between us and our dear ones at home.

It was an experience none of us will ever forget. o

April 1969 43 Youth Speaks to Youth Joseph Smith prepared for nine In summary, we are God's years before he received the Melrepresentatives, and it is our chizedek Priesthood. responsibility to act for God and

The Church has many prodo his work as he would do it grams to prepare us for the great himself. We need to take advanresponsibilities of a mission tage of the programs provided in

and the Melchizedek Priesthood, the Church and live the gospel starting with the home, Primary, to prepare for this responsibility, o

Sunday School, MIA, seminary, and the Aaronic Priesthood, which offer every boy opportunities to prepare. To get my Individual Award each year I must

fulfill the requirements of studying and memorizing scriptures.

This gives me a much better unDennis Spackman derstanding of the gospel. The

talks I am asked to give make me

Dennis, 18, is a priest in the more at ease in front of an audiLewiston Second Ward, Benson ence and prepare me to discuss

Stake. the gospel with others. Each time

I go home teaching, I increase

For years, we have been my ability to meet and be intertaught that the priesthood is the ested in people and to understand Mark Peterson authority jto act in God's name. their problems.

Now our leaders are telling us Doing my assignments reguMark, 15, is a teacher in the Las that priesthood is the responsilarly and well develops responsiVegas 27th Ward, Las Vegas bility to act for God. bility and dependable habits in East Stake.

Was the gospel restored before me. These will prepare me to

the priesthood? No. The priestfulfill my responsibility as a Can any of you remember how

hood was restored first. It had leader in the kingdom of God. you felt or what your father

to be, for it is the priesthood that Through my experience in the said when you were ordained a sponsors the gospel and reguChurch and otherwise, I have member of the Aaronic Priestlates the Church. God's work learned that certain things are hood? I felt great. I thought

must be done, and God has given right or wrong. I may once have that this was the most wonderful

the priesthood the responsibility questioned them, but they are no thing that had ever happened to to do his work. We in the priestlonger problems. I can rely on me, and my father reminded me

hood are God's representatives. these convictions later. It's like that I was now taking upon myIt is our responsibility to do his having money in the bank, to be self the priesthood of our Heavwork and to try to do it as he used when needed, or storing up enly Father, and that with it

would do it. supplies for one's physical needs. came certain responsibilities. He

One of our responsibilities is For me, narcotics are not a probasked our Heavenly Father to to prepare to be of service. lem, nor is alcohol. I know it is bless me that I might magnify

Samuel, a prophet of the Old good to be honest with the Lord. my calling, and he counseled me

Testament, while still a child I know the value of prayer. to get down before my Heavenly

was given to Eli to prepare him To stay worthy and be preFather on my knees in prayer to serve the Lord. The Prophet pared takes sacrifice and effort. whenever I was troubled about

44 Era of Youth something. In essence this was great mission for our Heavenly mination and loyalty in all things

the beginning of my partnership Father. that I do, by attending my

with my Heavenly Father, which I believe that if all of us church meetings. I must also be

has helped me and will continue priesthood holders would ask an active member in the ward to help me as long as I honor this question—"Lord, what wilt and do the jobs I am assigned,

my priesthood. thou have me to do?"—we would such as passing the sacrament,

What does this partnership be able to serve as greatly and collecting fast offerings, helpwith our Heavenly Father mean? as nobly as Paul did, and we ing in genealogy, and helping to

Does it mean that we should be would find a true relationship clean up the meetinghouse.

loyal to him? That we should with our Heavenly Father in As a deacon I must prepare to

show our love for him by carrythis priesthood calling. o hold a higher office in the priesting out the responsibilities he hood, along with more challenghas set down for us? Of course it ing responsibilities. This is one

does. When a person mentions point that I think is of great

the responsibilities of a teacher, importance as a deacon—that I

I immediately think of my asprepare myself to hold positions signed duties, such as preparing of higher service in the Church.

the sacrament, ushering, home Every priesthood holder has teaching, collecting fast offerstarted out as a deacon. The

ings, and the other responsibilideacon is the first office in the ties that a teacher has. But Aaronic Priesthood. Here we

these are not all. learn to function properly in the

We have a certain spiritual priesthood. This helps us to be

responsibility to our Heavenly able to work to the best of our

Father, and that is to be worthy ability in the other offices in the to hold this priesthood. And the Aaronic Priesthood and later in

best way one can do this is to be Jeffrey Smith the Melchizedek Priesthood.

morally and physically clean. As a deacon, by fulfilling my

I enjoy the story of Saul's Jeffrey, 1J+, is a former deacon 'assignments and keeping the conversion to the gospel. In it is in the Oak Hills First Ward, commandments, I receive many

found the key to seeking and East Sharon Stake. special rights, blessings, and opfinding a better relationship portunities. Why are there deawith our Heavenly Father. As When I was first given this cons and why must we fulfill

you remember, Paul, who was assignment, I thought that my our assignments? One point that

known as Saul, was on his way heart would stop beating. In, I think we should all remember

to Damascus to persecute the fact, I think it will right now. as priesthood holders is that our

Christians there, and he had But then I remembered that job is to do that work which our vowed that he was going to bring whenever we are working to do HeavenlyFather would like us these Christians back to Jeruwhat is right, our Heavenly to do for him—to perform

salem. As he journeyed close to Father will help us. This is true ordinances in God's name and

the city of Damascus, a bright with any and all of our actions. with his authority. As an examlight shone round about him, and When we are striving to do what ple, I am able to share in a small

he fell to the earth stunned. Then is right and sincerely ask God measure the great atoning sacrihe heard a voice saying, "Saul, for help, he will help us. fice of Jesus Christ as I help to

Saul, why persecutest thou me?"I was asked to talk about what pass the sacrament. Our HeavPaul asked, "Who art thou, it really means to me to be a enly Father needs helpers to

Lord?"And the voice said, "I deacon. First of all, there are perform these duties, so that all

am Jesus."the obligations involved. I must of the members of the Church

Paul, now realizing that he set an example for my family may renew their covenants with had to establish a good relationand friends and help them to do him. As a holder of this sacred

ship with him whom he had been those things which are right. I priesthood, I must strive my

persecuting, said, "Lord, what can do this by using clean lanhardest to be perfect, for this is wilt thou have me to do?"With guage and having clean thoughts the way of our Heavenly Father,

this question Paul began his at all times, by exercising deterand we are doing his work. o

April 1969 45 Photo by E/don Llnschoten

iiS&ti..tiE'l- ).lf

Photo by Savage

46 Era of Youth All Aboard!

By D. James Cannon

It was all aboard the oldtime trains that first roared across the for latterday pioneers when the youth of country—all aboard

Corinne, Utah, decided to relive the historic Golden Spike event "Look,do you know of a century before right there near their own hometown. The old what a train is?"

trains are part of the Corinne Railroad Monument, and the youth posed like the spectators in the original pictures taken as the trains 1969 "Sure ==it rhymesmet at Promontory Summit May 10, 1869. And this year—

is the year of the big centennial celebration. with rain, but it

A sense of history filled their minds as Corinne teens took won't get you part in reliving the olden days. They even made their own costumes

to the moon, to carry things all the way. They learned that dreams can come

true, as they heard the details once more of the momentous event man!"

that joined the nation east and west. Rail tracks had moved as far

west as Omaha by 1860, but there was still a lot of America left.

The dream of spanning the nation with the railroad moved toward becoming a reality when President Abraham Lincoln signed the

Pacific Railroad Act July 1, 1862. And the work began. The race

was on, with tracks being laid from Sacramento in the west, 690 miles from Promontory, and from Omaha, 1086 miles to the east.

Where the two met, golden spikes were driven into the tie, and history was made.

April 1969 47

!i*!fl* 11

KnowThallAmS By S. Dilworth Young

First Council of the Seventy

Youth speaks: The voice in the words:

/ do not seek thee, Lord, In highest hill or These words are not of men nor of man,

Valley low. But of me; wherefore, you shall testify

The cloudy sky They are of me and not of man;

Or stars which light the night For it is my voice which speaketh

Are not thy face Them unto you;

I know. For they are given by my Spirit

Thou art the Son of God. Unto you,

I thirst to touch thy garment hem, And by my power you can read them

To hear thy voice, One to another; and save it were by

And to rejoice in thy My power, you could not have them;

Calm presence, Lord. Wherefore, you can testify that you have

A growing youth, I seek Heard my voice, and know my words.

To know thee and to (See D&C 18:3436.)

Hear thy word.

s And would you seek His face?

The Lord whom ye seek speaks: Then look upon your fellow

My will is in my word: In distress and succor him.

Written in the rock The living presence of the Lord

With iron pen, Cannot be found

Or graven in the Until you do what he once did:

Gold of ancient plates. Help those in need;

My will is spoken Show love in word and deed.

Unto men Do you now hear his voice?

Through prophets. Inasmuch as ye have done it

My voice speaks through Unto one of the least of these my brethren,

These chosen ones Ye have done it unto me. (See Matt. 25:40.)

Who write my words On the page for all to see.

This done, now hear And reading them—

Given by my power The voice once more;

In the hour Verily, thus saith the Lord:

It shall come to pass that every soul Of their need—

They are my voice Who forsaketh his sins and cometh

To you, Unto me, Young friend, And calleth on my name,

And reading, you can say And obeyeth my voice, and keepeth my commandments,

That you have heard my voice Shall see my face

This very day. And know that I am. (See D&C 93:1.)

Illustrated by Fred Van Dyke

April 1969 49 ''::".k Who is your hero?

Choice Latterday Saint boys toda cKojpse to emulate great men%f thl past and to look like exampleskof the believer."

(Spring clothes courtesy Village Ltd., Salt Lake City, Utah.)

m m

'mm

April 1969 51 You Make All the Difference

By Elaine Cannon You... make all the difference to By your very presence all the differ- a play YOU make ence. Everybody really is

a game there.

a youth conference But it isn't just the fact a festival of the more the merrier. It's

that YOU add a quality no- a church outing body else can. You've al-

a service project ready learned to be socially a fireside smart and personally re- a class party sponsive. You are interested

and caring and enthusiastic a welfare assignment and absolutely alive. You

realize your responsibility as a guest or a participant to rise to the occasion envisioned by the host or sponsoring committee. Such

qualities spell success for a function. But being on

the scene isn't really enough. It's being

there every moment. Since you

are that kind of person, YOU make all the dif ference.

They live in California, but the world is theirs to sing in. They The Grand Land call themselves the Grand Land

Singers, and they are organized Singers and for the purpose of promoting "love of God and country throughProject Patriotism the medium of patriotic song"and

By Bob Emmons to show by example "the ideals

Photos by Donald W. Heit

that we, as youth of America, deem announce that the moral fiber of tized. Since that time I have

most sacred and valuable."this nation is still strong and the brought friends to introduce them

And in the hearts of these young principles upon which it was to the group, and one, Tom Vogel, singers and in the lives of their founded are still exciting, valid, was baptized June 15. Three

listeners, the once going moveand worth doing something about. weeks later, his mother and two

ment of patriotism is being reSo they're singing—every place brothers were also baptized.

vived. When they take to the stage from the BYU fieldhouse in Provo, John C. Heredia: Living in Vietall smiles and songs, they boldly Utah, to the Hollywood Bowl, in nam (for 11 months, 27 days, and

churches and civic clubs, on asfour hours) had started a drive semblies at schools, and at Indewithin me. This group and what it

pendence Day picnics in the park. stands for have given me a new

Ray Furgeson, Wayne Haws, hope, a fresh start, and a greater and Calvin Greer, Jr., are the three understanding of people and

adult managers and musical diideas. I feel I'm a better man, and

rectors. Jeff Lofgran is the cur- I thank God for it.

rent group president, and the Calvin Greer, Jr.: Realizing that

personnel of the chorus came from the world is growing more chaotic all over America. All they have to each day, I am very encouraged

do to belong is maintain the high to know that my friends and I standards of living and church are contributing to the preservaactivity to which Latterday Saints tion of the true American ideals are committed. But they don't by inspiring others with our perhave to be Latterday Saints. In formances.

fact, several are not, but many Bill Citbor, drummer: I was in

converts to the Church have been a rock group for eight years, trying made through this special associato make it "big."The only reation. son I was playing drums was for

We interviewed some of the 72 glory and money. I went into the

collegeage men and women, and naval reserves in January, wonhere is what they have to say. dering if I would ever play drums

Larry Taylor: When I was introagain, concerned only about my

duced to the Grand Land Singers, country. But since I've joined the

I was immediately impressed. I singers, I'm doing something for

wanted to be with them more, our country, something very rare find out what made them so for Americans to do these days, happy, and share in what they and playing drums, too. It's the

possessed. greatest!

It wasn't long before I was takDon Benschneider: Grand Land

ing missionary lessons, as well as Singers to me is serving my counbecoming a part of the group, try without being in the service. It

and on May 4, 1968, I was bapis carrying a different type of gun.

Lois Fry: To be with the mem- I have ever known. As a returned American was one of them. Then

bers of the Grand Land Singers is marine from Vietnam, I feel I can the band began to play. I have

a constant renewal of my incencarry our flag a little higher never been so touched by our native to love everyone and add my with every song we sing. I am tional anthem as I was then. Tears

very best efforts to life. very thankful to the Lord for the rolled down my cheeks as I lisMike Deming: It's fun to sing grand land we live in. Let us all tened to it, and I began to underout with a group of guys and gals be worthy of it! stand and appreciate my great

with a positive outlook on the J. Wayne Haws, adviser: It's reblessings of having been born in

future and a determination to freshing for me to be involved with a free country. I knew I had to

make a better future. What is more a group of young college students help others gain such an appreimportant is the message we sing who have this enthusiasm and exciation. Singing in the Grand Land

I am fulabout—love of our country. To let citement for our country. It Singers helps me to feel

people know that God and the proves to me that not all of the filling my desire. It is a means

American dream are not dead socalled "turnedon"generation by which I can actively and permeans a lot to me. is going to pot! There are youth sonally express my true feelings

D. Thayne Hinman: I find partiwho accept the challenge and reabout America. It is an opporcipation in the Grand Land Singers sponsibilities of this great countunity to participate, inspiring

the closest thing to my former try, who do love their country and people to appreciate our country's activities in the mission field, both will sing to all who listen, expresspriceless freedom. At a time when

spiritually and physically, and ing their feelings for freedom. so many young people are demonthat's why I'm dedicated to the Laraine Webecke, secretary: In strating against our country, it is

group and what it stands for: one 1966, I had the rare privilege of exciting to be part of a group that

purpose under God, with a testispending one week in East Geris doing some positive demonmony and love for all. many as a guest of some relatives. strating.

Kathy Mitchell: I was baptized All I had ever heard of that counRay Furgeson: As adviser to the

I have, theinto the Church while in the Grand try was true—inadequate living Grand Land Singers,

Land Singers, besides meeting my space, cheaply made buildings, opportunity to see behind the fiance. Nothing else I could say high prices, low wages, and a feelscenes and witness what goes into

would better express the joy I ing of being alone. I was watching the making of the outstanding

have gained from the group. some international horse races on presentations given by this group

Donald W. Heit: I wish to say television being broadcast from a of enthusiastic young people.

that the Grand Land Singers is the West Berlin station when the winAs each show date nears, rehappiest group of young people ners were announced, and an hearsal pace intensifies, enthusi asm is generated, and the unity of these young people becomes solidified in one direction—to

project the single message of God and country.

I have seen grown men with tears flowing freely down their cheeks as they realized the hope in the youth of America standing before them. This is the way the

Grand Land Singers are touching the hearts of all those who hear them. P

Era of Youth The accompanying black and white illustrations dealing with highlights in the story of the Church in the

British Isles have recently been -placed in the London Temple visitors center. The Restored Gospel Dale Kilbourn is the illustrator

in the British Isles

First Missionaries Arrive

The first Latterday Saint missionaries to the British Isles, seven in number, arrived in Preston, England, during the excitement of election day, July 22, 1837, and rejoiced at a political banner unfurled over their heads: 'Truth Will Prevail."This

was two days after their landing in

Liverpool, and 46 days after the

Prophet Joseph Smith, in Kirtland,

Ohio, had turned to Elder Heber C.

Kimball of the Council of the Twelve and said: ''Brother Heber, the Spirit

of the Lord has whispered to me: 'Let

my servant Heber go to England and proclaim my gospel, and open the door of salvation to that nation.'"

The First Baptisms in England

Only ten days after the missionaries arrived in England, nine converts were baptized in the River Ribble at

Preston. So much had the public

interest been excited that a "concourse of between seven and nine thousand persons"lined the banks to view these first European baptisms into a church that had proclaimed the visitation of angels and the restoration of sacred records upon which ancient American prophets had written.

April 1969 57 The Restored Gospel in Scotland

In 1840 Elder Orson Pratt went to

Scotland to coordinate the efforts of elders already there and then journeyed to Edinburgh, where he climbed

Arthur's Seat, a majestic, rugged hill above the castles of Holyrood and

Edinburgh. There he pleaded with

the Lord for 200 converts. In less

than four months that number and more had joined the Church in the

Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Ancrum areas.

Brigham Young Visits London Brigham Young, senior member of the Council of the Twelve, visited

London in the fall of 1840, where he reviewed the dedicated labors of

Elder Heber C. Kimball and Elder

Wilford Woodruff, also of the Council of the Twelve. In four short years

Elder Young would find himself head of the Church and directly responsible for leading all Saints, including many British members, westward to a new Zion. Fortynine

years later Elder Woodruff was sustained as President of the Church.

58 Improvement Era Charles Dickens Visits A "Mormon"Emigrant Ship On a "hot morning in June"(June 4, 1863), the great Victorian novelist

Charles Dickens boarded the Amazon, docked at the London docks, and recorded his impressions for his book

The Uncommercial Traveler: "I think

it would be difficult to find eight hundred people together anywhere else, and find so much beauty and so much strength and capacity for work among them.... I went on

board their ship to bear testimony against them if they deserved it, as I fully believed they would; to my

great astonishment they did not deserve it; and my predispositions and

tendencies must not affect me as an honest witness... [for] some remarkable influence had produced a

remarkable result...."

President McKay and the London Temple In 1958 President David 0. McKay,

a missionary to Scotland 61 years earlier, returned to the British Isles and dedicated the London Temple. It

was 121 years since the first missionaries had set foot on British soil. The

temple, built for the eternal joy of all who would enter therein, was the beginning of the modern era in the story of the Church in the British

Isles, a story that yearly continues to add inspirational chapters.

April 1969 59 Survival of the BRITISH MISSION During WorldWar II

By Andre K. Anastasion, Sr.

Andre K. Anastasion, Sr., acting British Mission presiArtwork features President Andre Anastasion as he appeared in 1942,

dent during World War II, was born in Odessa, Russia, and "Ravenslea,"the British Mission headquarters during the war.

immigrated to England at 19, and presently resides in The headquarters was at Balham in London.

Bountiful, Utah, where he is teacher trainer in the Val

Verda Fourth Ward.

In July 1937 President Heber J. Grant, who with Our mission problems were many indeed. We apother Church officials was attending the British Mispealed to our 68 branches for local missionaries, and

sion centennial conference in Rochdale, Lancashire, by the end of the first year we had almost 400 of them, made a prophetic statement to the effect that "every ranging in age from 17 to 75. They devoted an avermissionary from Zion will be removed from the age of five hours- a week to missionary labors in

British Isles."helping the branches and in preaching the gospel. We

On September 3, 1939, Great Britain declared war also had 12 British fulltime missionaries. In twos

against Nazi Germany. By a joint order of the British they stayed about four weeks in each branch, preached

and United States governments, all U.S. nationals not gospel sermons each Sunday, and then moved on.

directly involved in the war were to leave the British Thus, we were able to cover all the branches of the

Isles. This affected all of our missionaries from the mission.

United States. But the need for fulltime missionaries during the

By the end of 1939 some 130 missionaries left the war years was great indeed. At one of the Scottish

shores of England. For the first time in 102 years the District conferences held in Glasgow, when the quesBritish Mission was left without a single missionary tion of missionaries was raised at the final session, I

from Zion, and the prophecy of President Grant was noticed an elderly couple and their daughter sitting literally fulfilled within two and a half years. together to my right on the front row. The daughter

My two counselors, James P. Hill and James R. was using sign language to tell her parents what was

Cunningham, and I were set apart by President Hugh being said.

B. Brown, the retiring mission president, prior to his When the final session was over, this young lady,

departure, and were to assume charge of the British Isabella McDonald, approached me somewhat timidly

Mission. Our appointment was confirmed by a cable and said, "President, my parents are willing for me to

from the First Presidency. I devoted my full time to go on a mission, but we have no financial means."

the mission. "Sister McDonald,"I replied, "please tell your parWorld War II was soon upon us in all its fury. ents that I am grateful for their response and your

London, the main target, was bombed almost day and faith to be a missionary. The Lord will open the way

night, and destruction of property and life was trefor you to go. I will be back in London on Monday

mendous. But we remained with the Saints, and the evening and will write you on Tuesday."

Lord blessed us. At my desk on Tuesday morning, I began to open

60 Improvement Era the numerous letters awaiting my attention. As I promonthly pay is so small that both Mother and I have

ceeded to open one, I read: "Dear President: I would to work."

like to support a missionary for six months, and enclose "Sister Taggart, I am grateful for your response. I

my first monthly check."The letter came from a am not worried about the money. I want to give you a

British army officer, a member of the Church stationed promise that the Lord will open the way and you shall somewhere in France. I immediately sent a letter and have the money needed for your mission."

the check to Sister McDonald, who, in time, fulfilled "I will be willing to go."

a fine mission. Then I looked to my left. "Sister Bannatyne,"I said,

Upon receipt of a traveling visa, I went to Ireland "I feel to ask you to go on a short mission. Would you

to visit the districts of the mission. The morning I be willing to help the Church in these war times?"

reached Belfast, the city was still smoldering from a "I am willing to go, but as you know, President, all heavy enemy air raid. Whole streets of houses and of us five girls at home and our brother have to work

stores lay in ruins. The population of the city was in a to support our widowed mother and ourselves."

state of shock. I spent that week visiting all of our "The Lord will bless you and help you, and the way

members. will be opened."

On Sunday we held our annual district conference As we sang the closing hymn, a question crept into in Belfast. We met in the afternoon on the top floor my mind. Where would the money come from?

of a labor hall. The small congregation of about fortyAfter the hymn ended and the closing prayer was

five people was more than ever united after such a said, a member of the Dublin Branch came up to me.

frightening air raid. The burden and the need of "President, I'll be happy to take care of Sister Taggart

fulltime missionaries was again before us, and I rose for six months."As she was writing a check, there,

to my feet. Looking to my right, I saw Sister Joan stood a brother by the table. "I'll take care of helping

Taggart among the Saints. Sister Bannatyne fulfill her mission."

"Sister Taggart, I feel to ask you to go on a mission. Our final session was held in another hall, and the

Do you think you will be willing to give six months of congregation was much larger. At the conclusion an

your time in the service of the Lord?"American army officer spoke to me. "President, it has

She stood up. "President, I will be willing to go, but been some time since I have enjoyed such an outpour-

I have no means to support myself. My mother is a ing of the Spirit of the Lord. Would you give me an

widow, and my only brother is in the British Navy. His opportunity of supporting another missionary?"His

April 1969 61 'The only impression that manifested itself was about the sacrament, and I felt that in this sacred ordinance lay the answer..."

support was gratefully accepted, and another misbread and water had been blessed and passed to each sionary was called. one of us, I reflected on what we had done in parEntrusted with the financial responsibility of the taking of the sacrament. We had asked our Heavenly

British Mission, I was left a sum of about two hundred Father to bless the bread and water, and we in turn pounds sterling (then $800) as mission funds, with had entered into a covenant to take upon ourselves the the parting advice to go very carefully with that name of his Son, to always remember him, and to keep money, because "you may not get any more."From the the commandments that he had given us. Then I

monthly reports coming in, the tithes and fast offerasked those present if we had intelligently and conings were often less than the funds requested by some scientiously realized the covenants we had made, or if of the branches, and I was constantly concerned about we had partaken of the sacrament as a matter of prohow to meet our financial obligations. Letters sent to cedure. We realized that the answer to this could

the branch presidencies to encourage members to a only be found within the heart and mind of each one more faithful observance of the laws of tithing and fast personally. I reminded those present of the words of

offerings had not helped us, and I was afraid that our the scriptures that the sacrament would be a curse to mission reserve would not last long, although we those who would partake unworthily, and suggested economized in every way possible. I was reluctant that each time we partake of the sacrament we should

to dictate a letter to the headquarters of the Church silently, with bowed heads, examine our conduct and for financial assistance, bearing in mind the parting our hearts so that we might always be true to our advice given me. And to close some branches was covenants and sacred obligations and manifest an inunthinkable. telligent faith by our works and deeds before the

"There must be another way,"I thought, "a better Lord. Thus we might enjoy his blessings.

way to solve our financial problems together."Then "None of us would wish to bear false witness. A

I remembered the counsel of the Lord: "Ask, and ye willful or careless disregard in failing to return the

shall receive; knock, and it shall be opened unto Lord's ten percent, obeying the Word of Wisdom, or

you...."observing the spirit of the Sabbath would, in my opinMore and more I asked the Lord in prayer for wision, constitute a false witness on our part. One cannot

dom. One day after fasting, I told my wife that I partake of the sacrament and bear sacred witness to

intended to fast the next day also, as I had much on God to follow him and then disregard his instructions,"my mind. She looked at me very concerned and said, I said.

"You had better eat tomorrow and fast the next day."Then I was led to make this promise: "Your tithes

I followed my wife's advice and then continued altoand offerings will be returned to you, multiplied a gether for 35 days, fasting every other day. This I did hundredfold, as your inheritance in Zion, when the

in all humility, having no other reason than to seek Lord shall come again."

the Lord's guidance on how to solve our mission's The impression gained from my appeal was such financial situation. that some of our members for a time stopped partaking

After concluding my days of fasting and communion, of the sacrament. They understood. But before long

I related to my counselors that during those 35 days I it was our joy to learn that most of the members were had received no impression at all about moneyagain partaking of the sacrament. The branch presinothing about tithing or fast offerings. The only imdents were advised not to question those who still

pression that manifested itself and continued with me refrained, but to show them love and kindness, and was about the sacrament, and I felt the assurance that to visit them often. It was particularly stressed that

in this sacred ordinance of the restored gospel lay those who were called to administer the sacrament the answer and solution to our financial problem. should repeat the sacrament prayers in a clear voice

Before our annual district conference, we held an and pronounce each word distinctly and reverently, early sacrament and testimony meeting, and again I for it was a matter of personal witness and covenant felt the same impression and assurance. After the between every Latterday Saint and the Lord.

62 Improvement Era The British Saints took the appeal to heart, and there was evidence of BYU GENEALOGY sustaining faith and effort on their RESEARCH TOUR part. reports coming monthly The

in encouraging, and I TO GREAT BRITAIN most were was spared the necessity of writJune25-August4, 1969 ing for financial assistance from

A sixweek adventure Church headquarters. into the heartland of

It was almost four and a half our ancestors. Group

years before President Brown was genealogyindividual research,instruction, tp o II toable to return England and excursions rediscovery BYU in England j W responsibility the of thesume TRATE; and—<-M"V Scotland../nrBritish J|\ Mission. had By then we

78 branches and 14 districts under $644 from New York g the local priesthood leadership.

Over 500 local missionaries had 84601 Utah years. during In Prove,labored the war

PleasePlease Britishaddition, mis105 fulltime aaamu--additionalto aBritain,;)a details; n on your 1, sendwHTour Genealogy

sionaries had rendered fine service.

Some of them gave of their labor and means for six months, some for one year, many for two years, and one elder for three and a half years.

Marvelous blessings and faithpromoting experiences were witnessed by missionaries and members.

The British Mission prospered and progressed during the war years. Our baptisms were almost

on a par with the prewar record.

And finally, when the mission records were transferred to President Brown, there was a surplus of over $80,000 in the mission funds—

a small token toward the building of the temple in the British Isles, then (in 1944) only a cherished FOR YOUR FAMILY hope. [Fourteen years later the GOOD HEALTH

temple was built in the County of

Surrey; it was dedicated on SeptemSTONEwhole grainGRINDflour withyoura ownLEE

Kitchen Size MILL. FLOURber 7, 1958, by President David O.

vital stored energy The McKay.] 100% whole grain, stonein Select from scores of designs, most popular acWe asked the Lord for help, and healthground,andaddsenjoyment.to your family cessories.leading manufacturerBuy with confidenceof mailorderfrominvitations.West's

we received intelligence—the light Natural vitamins, minerals Rush orders shipped same day received.

of truth—on how to solve, by obeditrientsand nature'sin everyhealthmorselgivingof nuthe

ence to his commandments, many bread,bake. rolls, and cakes you

of our mission and individual probTEST the lip smacking flavor of Flour. Stone Ground LEE for and FREE coupon Send CATALOG faithlems, in to survive and for how paid. post $1.50 5#'s Send if air mail (enclose 25c samples

full recipes informaGet and to: Rexburg, Idahois desired)83440 REXCRAFT, crucial of the years theand limb tion.

World War II. o Name

LEE ENGINEERING CO. Address

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, Wis. 53203 City, State, Zip.

Dept. IE 4-69

April 1969 63 % I

New Regional Brigadier General

Representative The United States Senate

The First Presidency has recently approved the appointed Elder Kay A. nomination by President

Schwendiman.as a Regional Richard M. Nixon of Col.

Representative of the Council Otis E. Winn to brigadier

of the Twelve, to serve the general in the U.S. Air Force.

new Servicemen's Stake Brother Winn, presently

Europe. He will also assist serving as chief of transporthe Military Relations Comtation for the European

mittee. Brother SchwendiCommand, is district presiman, a former bishop, and dent of the Stuttgart

his wife, Beverly, have Servicemen's District of four children. the South German Mission.

Researcher Honored

Dr. David C. Bacon,

research coordinator of the Stanford University School of Engineering and Personnel Department Reviewed associate director of the Russell G. Williams, Church Personnel Department

Stanford Electronics director; L. R. Brice, executive vice president of

MAIL ORDER PRICE $22.00

Laboratories, has been the American Society for Personnel Administration 100% Nylon in Pastel Pink, Lemon elected president of and Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council

Yellow or Apple Green and Blue. No. the National Council of of the Twelve and chairman of the Church Personnel - P, S, 1541. Sizes M, L.

University Research Committee recently examined the expanded consultant your local See LeVoy's for a Administrators, an activities of the Church's employee relations. Brother fashions complete of exquisite showing

in your own home. organization that represents Williams, a regional vice president and member

BE A CONSULTANT nearly all major U.S. of the board of directors of the ASPA, is responsible for

Enjoy an exinstitutions of higher the hiring, employee benefits, standardization of career citing field the growing in > learning. Brother Bacon policies and procedures, wage and salary program, and

of fashion. Earn

while sh owing is bishop of the Menlo training and development of about 3,000

LeVoy's famous Lingere of modPark (California) Ward, Palo Church headquarters employees who work in some esty. j*W

Call or write Alto Stake. 40 departments.

2511 S.W. Temple * Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

64 Improvement Era Military Relations Committee The First Presidency has announced the renaming of the Elder Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

Church Servicemen's Committee to the Military Relations as managing director. The committee's new assignment

Committee, with the reappointment of Elder Harold B. Lee deals with the needs of persons as they prepare for

of the Council of the Twelve, chairman, and Elder Mark E. military service, while they are on active duty, and after

Petersen and Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council they are released. Presently, there are over 26,000

of the Twelve, members, and the appointment of Latterday Saints in the military service.

The Spoken Word

Richard L. Evans

.. while you are making other plans"

says, "Life that read a sentence have we Somewhere 1 plans."are other you to you while making We areis whatall subjecthappensto

unforeseen events. We all need each other. No man ever knows

when he will need another. "There, but for the grace of God,"am I 2

is an oftquoted phrase that applies to all people. A person in health,

successful, happy, never knows when accident or illness or misfortune will reverse his situation. We all have reason to be grateful, to keep

humble, and to acknowledge the Source of all that is ours, and also

Translation Services to appreciate other people. And we all must face the reality that few

Manager Named things stay the same, except the basic laws and principles and purposes

The Presiding Bishopric has—the everlasting things of life, including the limitless possibilities of

appointed John E. Carr eternal progress. But even when a change improves upon the past, it

to be director of the is sometimes difficult to adjust to. Growth is change. Learning is

Distribution and Translation change. We never learn anything sincerely and still think quite the

Division for the Church, same. Often we would like to stay where we are, be what we are, do

succeeding J. Thomas Fyans, what we are doing, keep things forever as they are, freeze life, in a

who has accepted a position sense—or so we suppose. But it isn't possible. Even if we did nothing

as executive vice president to change, even if we resisted all modifying events, time and age would with Satellite Navigation take over. We have to prepare even for what we are unprepared for

Corporation. Brother Carr, and do the best we can to protect ourselves, to insure ourselves, to keep

formerly the Presiding our loved ones close, to keep our lives in health and happiness, to imBishopric's representative prove, to repent, to be grateful for all that is good—and to have faith

in Europe and a former and hope even on days that are down and discouraging. And whatever

president of the New England happens in the interim, there is solid assurance that life is everlasting,

States Mission, will direct and that eternal progress is its purpose, with justice and mercy, and the Church's worldwide with hope and faith more than equal to all our fears and frustrations.

translation and distribution "Life is what happens while you are making other plans."

W |. Marshall. services. Instructional 2)ohn Bradford, "Works,"Vol. 2 (also credited to others, including Richard Baxter, ]ohn Bunyan, |.ohn Wesley).

materials are presently *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, pretranslated into 16 languages. sented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System February 9, 1969. Copyright 1969.

April 1969 65 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price Part 7

(Continued)

The Unknown Abraham

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Abraham, from an etching by the Dutch painter

Rembrandt (16061669), "Hagar leaving Abraham."

Which C/fPBut we have still to deal with Ur of Chaldeans,"following which many scholars have the Chaldees—where was that? It is interesting that sought the prophet's birthplace in Urfa, once called

the Book of Abraham only speaks of "the land of Ur, Urhoi, near Edessa. 4 '"The learned disagree as to the

of Chaldea,"as if to distinguish it from other Urs, and place where Abraham was born,"wrote Tha'labi, takes us not to the famous city or to some great temple following the learned Jewish informants of his day.

for the sacrifice, but to a typical panegyris in an open "Some say it was in Susa in the land of Ahwaz [Ahwaz plain. Though the Bible does not tell us where "Ur of in Kusistan, ancient Susiana], while some say it was

the Chaldees"was, commentators ancient and modern in Babylon in the land of Suwadi in the region called have generally agreed with Beer's dictum that "the Kutha; and some say it was in Warka [Uruk, Erech].

sense of the biblical information definitely points to... Others say he was born in Harran, but that his

Abraham's birthplace in northern or northeastern father took him to Babel."!fi While some have located

Mesopotamia."4 'Today H. C. L. Gibson concludes his birthplace at Kamarina in Armenia or Asia Minor,

that Genesis 24:4, 7 "seems unmistakably to imply others have found it at the other end of the world in

that the place of Abraham's nativity was Aram Nahadistant Suza. 47 Maimonides read in the books of the

raim,"in northern Mesopotamia. ''A famous commenSabaeans that'Abraham grew up in Koutha, which

tary of "Eumolpus"states that Abraham was born "in some locate just south of Baghdad and others in the

Kamarina, which some call Una, meaning City of the heart of Iran.4S

66 Improvement Era What adds to the confusion and the license of home, returned to Babylon by a march of 40 days, a speculation is the high mobility of Abraham's people, march which Ka'b alAkhbar describes in terms of a

Hahiru, meaning "'Refugees'or 'displaced persons,'genuine migration of Nimrod's people, "with their as Gibson notes, for which reason he would view goods and their families and their children... to the

them either at Ur or Harran as mere temporary resiland of Iraq,"i.e. from the north."3 In all accounts

dents—campers, in fact. 1 "Typical of the confusion is the journey between Abraham's childhood home and

the momentous debate about the young Abraham's Babylon is a long one. Just as there are episodes and

tenyear imprisonment: one school says that he was aspects of early Latterday Saint history which may

in jail seven years in Kardi and three in Kntha, and never be cleared up because of the individual and the other that it was three years in Kardi and seven collective mobility of the people, so, Theodore Bohl in Kutha. "It is interesting that the youthful Abraham, reminds us, "we must not underestimate the great

like the youthful Joseph Smith ( and even the youthful mobility and historical memory of the Patriarchs.""'

Jesus), 51 seems to have been in trouble with his society, At the same time Bohl observes that "the key figure"and though today the legends reach us only through to the patriarchal history is Nimrod"'1—and in the histhe proAbraham channels, it is obvious that he caused tory of Nimrod two things are outstanding, M. Gemoll

a great stir and annoyance in his society. When we discovers: (1) "he always turns up as a contemporary

read of an obscure and innocuous young man exciting of Abraham,"and (2) his activities take place in the general uproar throughout the length of Mesopotamia north countries."'5 This is a reminder that "the valley

or causing a mighty monarch to spend sleepless nights, nortlucard"from the Plain of Shinar in very early we smile and brush the thing aside as the stuff of times was called "Nimrod... after the mighty hunter,"

legend; the overwhelming verdict of scholarship for in all probability an ancestor of our friend. ( See Eth.

the past century, in fact, has detected in the name of 2:1.) Most commentators in the past identified Ur of

Abraham only a code word to designate a large tribal the Chaldees with Babel simply because Nimrod, who movement. Such things, we say, just don't happen in plays such an important role in the early life of Abrareal life. Only oddly enough, there is an exception—ham, ruled at Babel; 50 but he ruled there only after

in the case of real prophets they do happen, as modern having conquered the land and added it to his empire, history attests. What would students say 3,500 years his home base being to the north."'7 Micah 5:5 places

from now to the proposition that thousands of years "the land of Nimrod"in Assyria, and the Sibylline before there lived a naive, uneducated, and guileless writings say that he built his famous tower in Assyria/'8 country boy in a small village somewhere in the woods His original kingdom was Shinar (Sinear), and there beyond what were known as the Allegheny Mountains, are a number of very old traditions that after the who by a few tactless and unbelievably artless remarks generation of Noah the people deserted the inspired created the greatest excitement in the large seaboard leadership of Shem, "migrated east to the land of cities of the continent, was hotly denounced in thouSinear, a great plain, and there threw off the governsands of pulpits throughout the civilized world, and ment of heaven and made Nimrod their king."51 '

was given frontpage coverage in the major news- "Tradition has it,"writes Beer, "that Shinear is the papers of the capitals of Europe? Could a less plausplain of northern Mesopotamia, ruled over by Nimible story be imagined? Abraham probably had a rod."00 Though H. Altmann maintains that the name

much smaller and more compact population to impress, Shinear designates Babylonia in general whenever it and in the great cultplaces he had a perfect means appears in the Bible, he goes on to point out that "the for spreading his teaching throughout the world. classical Singara, Gebel Singar was in northeastern

Nachmanides and Tha'labi report respectable tradiMesopotamia,"being in the time of Abraham "an tions that Abraham was born in southern Mesopointegral part of the kingdom of Mitanni."61 Nachmatamia, but that his family moved north immediately nides says that when Terah left the "Hamitic"land of

after his birth."- Another tradition, reported by Shinear, he went south to Mesopotamia, and again

Tha'labi, reverses the order: "... some say he was after the birth of Abraham he returned to "the land

born in Harran, but that his father took him to Babel."of the Chaldees in the north."- Bohl says that in

Still other traditions have it that for fear of Nimrod Abraham's day Sinear denoted not the Babylonian the family took the newborn Abraham south and plain but a citystate on the middle Euphrates. '

settled at Warka. 5 - The very old Book of Judith One may hold with T. E. Peet.that there may origi-

5:6-8 supports the story of a flight to the south after nally have been separate Ur and Haran traditions

a birth in the north. A common legend is that Nimabout Abraham that have nothing to do with each

rod's army, after failing to catch young Abraham at other, 01 but none may deny the importance of Harran

April 1969 67 Every city labeled at the southern and northern extremities of Mesocated in Palestine. The relationship between the three areas in the

potamia has been claimed by scholars as the authentic birthplace life of Abraham has proven as devious and complicated as the of Abraham. All are agreed that he sojourned at the places indiastronomical problem of three bodies.

and the north country in the early family background deans are designated as Kesed in the Hebrew Old of the patriarch. Haran and Nahor are twin cities in Testament, and that name also points to the north,

the north, and Haran was the name of Abraham's where the descendants of Kesed "established thembrother while Nahor was his grandfather; Terah, selves opposite to Shinear, where they founded the

Serug, and Peleg are all names of towns near Haran/'"city of Kesed, the city whence the Chaldees are called

However dubious the status of the southern Ur, "there Kasdim."7 "Gensenius identified Ur of the Chaldees

can be little doubt,"Gibson reminds us, "concerning with the northern Assyrian province of Arpakshad = the authenticity of the tradition connecting the PatriArpa-kesed or "Chaldean Country."74

archs with the Harran district."00 KorduQardi, where The Genesis account, according to Kraeling, has

Abraham was imprisoned, has been identified with the line of Shem begin in upper Mesopotamia and

Hatra and with a place called Ur near Nisibis; Moses pass through Eber and his son Peleg to Terah and

Landau said it was Kardi in Bythinia, and others his son Haran. 75 The "Cave of Treasures"recounts

identify it with the Kurdish country. 07 Indeed. that in Terah's time the black arts appeared "in the

Tha'labi insists that Nimrod was a Kurd. 08 Though city of Ur, which had been built by Horon, the son

from the Cassite period on all of Babylonia was known of Eber."70 A "Sabaean"source reports that it was

as Karduniash, which is also the rendering of Chaldca Noah who built the city of Harran upon leaving the in the Amarna Tablets, 011 "the appearance of the Ark, and that "near Harran is the Sabaean temple on

Kaldu in southern Babylonia is considerably later than the hill which was raised by Abraham"—another early

the vaguely accepted but unprovable dating of Abrahigh-place connected with Abraham. 77 Though the

ham,"according to C. J. Gadd, who points out that name of Jacob is at home in northern (not southern)

"if Abraham lived about the time of the 1st Dynasty Mesopotamia, that of Abram "is commoner in the of Babylon, the Babylonian Ur was not then 'of the Phoenician than in the Aramaic group,"78 and in one

Chaldees,'"while on the other hand "if his time was of the oldest Abraham stories the two counselors of later, the Babylonian Ur was... of little importance, Nimrod are Jectan of the line of Japheth (a humane

and the northern orientation of the Abraham stories person and the friend of Abraham) and Phenech, a would then correspond better with the historical situaPhoenician, 70 putting the story in the SyroPhoenician tion."70 That is, any way we look at it, Abraham's area. Terah's second wife and the mother of Sarah

"Ur of the Chaldees"was not the great city of the was Nahariath, "the Naharaim woman"80—wherever

south identified in the 1920's by Sir Leonard Woolley. we look the family names take us to that part of

As Gordon points out, "there are two Chaldean localiwestern Asia from which the blood of the Pharaohs ties quite distant from each other,"71 and while the was replenished from time to time.

northern Chaldea seems to go back to prehistoric There have always been arguments for placing times, the "Chaldees"held sway in the south of Sumer Abraham's Ur both in the south and in the north;

only in later times—long after Abraham. 7 '- The Chal- "traditions of respectable antiquity exist in favor of

68 Improvement Era both places,"as Gadd puts it, both in the Ur of southNimrod-Pharaoh: In getting Abraham onto

ern Sumer and "in the northwest, the neighborhood Egyptian territory, we have also to consider the quesof Harran."81 E. G. Kraeling, H. W. F. Saggs, E. M. tion: What can Nimrod the Asiatic terror possibly

Speiser, R. de Vaux, and W. F. Leamans are among have to do with Pharaoh? A good deal, to judge by

the defenders of a southern Ur, 8 - while H. Gunkel, the legends, in which the two are constantly confused

W. F. Albright, M. Parrot, C. Gordon, and Z. Mayani and interchanged. In the Clementine Recognitions

are for the north, as were formerly B. Beer, M. Gemoll,

and F. Oppert. 83 As to the meaning of the word Ur, *

opinion divided,"is equally according"modern to The Spoken Word the (southern)B. Z. Wacholder, Sumerian between

uru, "city,"and the Babylonian uruuniki, "the seat of Richard L. Evans

light"(cf. Olishem and Potiphar's Hill). 84 One may To see something get goingrealize how foolish it is to dogmatize at this point when

one considers that while Thebes was the capital of said Benjamin Disraeli, "is a tumble about

Egypt for 200 years, the great city of Tanis, which may Life/'thing of ups and downs,"—with its sick hurry,

have been Abraham's Egyptian residence and which its divided aims,"Matthew Arnold added. There

was the capital for 350 years, has to this day never are times when all of us feel overburdened, with been located. 85 debts, with obligations, so many things undone, so

What leaves the door wide open to discussion is many undone things to do—worries, problems, and

the existence in western Asia of a number of different sometimes our share, it seems, of sorrows. And we

Urs. Ur in the south was a great trade center once, wonder how we can be everywhere we ought to be,

and since Abraham was a merchant, one should expect do all we ought to do, meet the obligations, and to find him there. But on the other hand that same Ur carry the weight of our worries, as we seem to divide

had founded merchant colonies far to the north and ourselves in too many different directions, too many west at an early date, and some of those settlements, ways at once—not feeling that we are completing

as was the custom, bore the name of the mother city. 811 or disposing of or quite in control of anything—

Hence, C. S. Gordon maintains that "Jhe Ur of the just a reshuffling of papers, a reshuffling of problems.

Chaldees where Abraham was born seems to have To all of this, some gentle advice from an unnamed been one of the northern Urs,""a commercial settlesource proposes the "oneat-a-time"approach:

ment in the general area of Harran,"founded by the "Mountains viewed from a distance,"it says, "seem mother city about 2000 b.c. 87 That would explain to be unscalable, but they can be climbed, and

Abraham's association with a city of Ur as well as the way to begin is to take the first upward step.

the inescapable northern affinities of the Abraham From that moment the mountains are less high.

traditions. What suggested a northern Ur in the first The slopes that seem so steep from a distance

place was the impossible detour of a route from Ur seem to level off as we near them."Any task in life

it with the oneat-a-time attiin Sumer to Canaan via Harran. 88 The bestinformed is easier if we approach

scholars of Joseph Smith's time thought of Ur as lying tude. One step—a beginning: doing something about

about 150 miles due east of Harran. 89 The legends something, beginning to see something get goingalso have the young Abraham living on the northern gives assurance that we are on our way and that

route: the best customers for his father's idols, we the solving of problems is possible. To cite a whimsiare told, were caravaneers on their way from Fandana cal saying: "If you chase two rabbits, both of them

is adequate to everything allin Syria to Egypt to barter Syrian goods for papyrus."will escape."No one

to select what is important, whatAccording to the PseudoPhilo, Abraham migrated at once. We have

directly west from the scene of Nimrod's tower into is possible, and begin where we are, with what we if we begin—and if we keep going—theCanaan,91 and Jubilees (12:12) reports that when have. And

weight, the worry, the doubt, the depression will

Abraham had to get out of the country in a hurry begin to lift, will begin to lighten. We can't do

after destroying the idols, he fled directly to Lebanon. everything always, but we can do something now,

All of which puts Abraham's home squarely on the and doing something will help to lift the weight and northern route. Even in the Bible, Gordon insists, "all lessen the worry. "The beginning,"said Plato, "is

the connections of the Patriarchal narratives are the most important part."

northern, with no trace of direct contact with Sumer *"The Spoken Word"from Temple and Akkad,"and the accumulation of new documents Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System tends ever more to favor the northern Ur.92 January 26, 1969. Copyright 1969.

April 1969 69 "... the Pharaohs really were the antipathy of the father in Asia, Abraham should

sometime later have been royally received by the son concerned with the validity of in Egypt—but this is the merest speculation. In one

of the betterknown stories, when Sarah lost her temtheir claim to divine authority. per with Hagar (and it is significant that we have

here the same sort of rivalry between Sarah, the true "princess,"and Hagar the Egyptian woman as we do between Abraham and Nimrod), she complained to (3:61) the dispensations of the gospel, following an Abraham, accusing her rival of being "the daughter of

ancient Jewish formula, are given as ten, each being Pharaoh, of Nimrod's line, he who once cast thee into established by a prophet and revelator who finds the furnace!"99 Having Pharaoh as a son or descendant

himself opposed by a satanic rival and pretender; of Nimrod neatly bridges the gap between Asia and

when we get to Abraham (the third dispensation), Egypt: one of the most famous foreign potentates to

we expect his opponent, in view of the rabbinic tradiput a son on the throne of Egypt did in fact bear tions, to be Nimrod, but it is not: it is Pharaoh. Why the name of Nimrod—we shall have more to say of

is that? In the legends, B. Chapira notes, "Nimrod has him later.

become the equivalent of Pharaoh,"yet he is already The sort of thing that used to happen may be

Pharaoh in the oldest of the legends, the one edited by surmised from an account in the Sefer haYashar,

Chapira himself. 928 Wacholder has noted that while according to which "at the time Abraham went into

Nimrod is indeed the archenemy in the rabbinical acCanaan there was a man in Sinear called Rakion [also counts, in the older "Hassidic"versions he is Pharaoh, a Rikyan, Rakayan, suggesting the famous Hyksos ruler clear indication that the original stories go back to a Khian].... He went to King Asverus [cf. Osiris] in

time "when Egypt was a major power,"when "the enEgypt, the son of Enam. At that time the King of

counter between Pharaoh and the traveler from Ur of Egypt showed himself only once a year."In Egypt

the Chaldees seemed a crucial event in the history of this Rakion by trickery raised a private army and so mankind"; only later, "in the rabbinic sources, Abram's was able to impose a tax on all bodies brought for

journey to Egypt is relatively ignored."011 W. Foerster burial to the cemetery. This made him so rich that

has observed that "the highlights of... divine action"he went with a company of a thousand richly dressed

in the history of Israel are "firstly, the basic event of youths and maidens to pay his respects to Asverus,

Abraham's call, God's covenant... secondly, the dewho was so impressed that he changed the man's name

liverance from the 'furnace of Egypt.'"9 'The furnace to Pharaoh, after which Rikian judged the people of

of Egypt is here the equivalent of the "furnace of Egypt every day while Asverus only judged one day the Chaldees,"the most venerable epithet of Abraham in the year. 10 "This would not be the first or the last

being "he who was delivered from the furnace of the time that a usurping Asiatic forced a place for himself

Chaldees. """'Of the moment of delivery a very old on the throne, but the ritual aspects of the tale—the

account says, "From that day until today it is called annual appearance of Osiris, the rule over the necropoKaladwon, [signifying] what God said to the children lis, the 1,000 youths and maidens (as in the story of of Israel: It is I who brought you forth from Egypt!'"iir'Solomon and Queen Bilqis )—are also conspicuous.

The confusion of Egypt and Chaldea in the Abraham We are also told that that wily Asiatic who came to story is typical. the throne by violence and trickery was the very

The legends make Hagar an Egyptian woman of Pharaoh who would take Sarah to wife. 101 Since the

the royal court and even a daughter of Pharaoh, 97 Pharaonic lines all went back to Asiatic or Libyan so that when the old Jerusalem Targum on Jeremiah families, the question of legitimacy could be handled, says that Hagar belonged to those very people who and no one disputes that Nimrod was of the blood threw Abraham into the furnace, we are obliged to of Ham through Canaan, or that the Pharaohs were view his attempted sacrifice as an Egyptian show.98 also of the blood of Ham—on those points all sources

Even more specific is the PseudoJonathan, which reagree.

ports that Hagar was "the daughter of Pharaoh, the The close resemblance between Nimrod's treatment son of Nimrod,"which makes Nimrod, if not a of Abraham and Pharaoh's treatment of Moses has

Pharaoh, the father of one. 9s It is interesting that often been noted. 1 "- And just as the careers of Abrathere is no sign of Pharaoh on the scene in Facsimile ham and Moses can be closely and significantly

the stage: it is quite possible that after overcoming and makers of dispensations of the gospel necessarily

70 Improvement Era have almost identical missions), so in the Koran, Niminfancy stories of Abraham and Moses, parallels of rod and Pharaoh represent a single archtype—that of which may be found in India and Java, though the

thinks administrator successfulthe versions are are he Egyptian the oldest supremely known. 1 ns There who

10 '1 rule everything. (Surashould Likewise in the tales Koran close resemblances the infancy between of Moses

40:37) it is not Nimrod who builds the tower to get and the infant Horus, 109 but even closer between the

to heaven, but Pharaoh—a significant substitution. latter and the infancy stories of Abraham: Horus's

Even in the Jewish accounts, Pharaoh and Nimrod mother, like Abraham's, hides the newborn child in are like identical twins: both call themselves "the a cave and goes about "as a vagabond and beggar for

Great Magician,"1 "1 try to pass themselves off as God, fear of the Evil One, seeking support for the child."11 "

order all the male children to be put to death, study Both babies are sustained in the cave by being given a the heavens, pit the knowledge and skill of their wise finger to suck, 111 and it is common knowledge that the men against the powers of the prophet."11 The palace baby Abraham was miraculously supplied with milk

in which Nimrod shuts up the expectant mothers has and honey either from his own fingers ( and the infant conspicuous parallels in Egyptian literature, and is Horus is commonly represented sucking his finger), designated in the Jewish traditions as the Palace of those of an angel, or from the dripping stalactites of

Assuerus—the Osiris or King of Egypt in the Rikan the cave. 11 - Now, though Abraham's mother goes by

story above. 100 When the young Moses refuses to wormany names, the commonest one is Emtelai, which

ship Pharaoh as the young Abraham does Nimrod, scholars early recognized as a form of Amalthea, the idolatrous priests accuse both heroes of magic and Amalthea being the goddess who took the form of a trickery, the converts of both are put to death by the goat and suckled the infant Zeus with milk and honey king, the subjects of both rulers offer up their children in the Dictaean Cave. n:i Though the mothers of Horus

to idols, and Pharaoh like Nimrod finally declares war and Abraham both fear that their child has expired on God and builds a great tower, which falls. 107 of hunger in the cave, they find the babes filling the

One can appreciate the wisdom of the rabbinic place with a miraculous radiance shining from the distinction between Pharaoh and Nimrod, without infant faces. 111 Heller noted that while the stories of

which the wires would be hopelessly crossed between the infant Jesus are also very close to those of Moses a Moses and an Abraham who go through identical and Abraham, they come closest of all to the cycle routines with the same antagonist—Pharaoh. Yet in of the infant Joseph. 115 In every case the tales point to

the original versions it was Pharaoh in both cases: Egypt—even Jesus immediately after his birth is taken

the Nimrod who calls his magicians and wise men to to Egypt, which is the scene of the infancy gospels. 110

counter the claims of Abraham, who loses the contest Where we get these characteristic and repeated and ends up bestowing high honors on his guest, turns stories, the ritual element is not far from the surface.

up as Pharaoh in the Genesis Apocryplion, the oldest Thus, when Abraham is washed, anointed, clothed in known version of the story. But we have to do here a garment, and fed with bread and wine and/or milk

with a characteristic and repeated episode—this repeand honey in the cave, we cannot escape reference

tition of motifs does not begin with Jewish speculato the basic ordinances of temple and church. 117 Or

tions. The Battle of the Magicians, in which Pharaoh's when Abraham, after escaping death on the altar, an

authority is defended against the pretensions of a dark event which he is said to have considered as the adversary, is a favorite theme of Egyptian literature equivalent of his own resurrection, 1 ls goes to his eleven and goes back to the prehistoric ritual rivalry of Horus companions who are hiding out in the hills and there and Seth. It also happens that the Pharaohs really instructs them for 40 days in the mysteries, who can

were concerned with the validity of their claim to fail to recall the "40day"accounts of the resurrected divine authority, so that the actual history of Egypt Lord? 110 And what are we to make of it when we

can be partially interpreted in terms of Pharaoh's find the completest version of the story of the atdealings with those who presume to challenge his right tempted sacrifice of Abraham in an early Eastern and power—the documents of Ramses II are eloquent Christian tale in which the hero is not Abraham but

on this subject, but no more so than those of the kings St. Elias? 1 -"The fact that the St. Elias stoiy turns up

of Babylon and Assyria, so that we need not assume in the very place where Abraham is supposed to have that the stories of Abraham are simply borrowings suffered offers another illustration of the astounding from late Egyptian romances. Kings have always been survival of very ancient history in local legends

hypersensitive to the operations of rivals, pretenders, throughout the Near East. But the ritual infancy

relatives, and popular religious leaders. stories? There is no reason in the world why we

More in the nature of myths are the extravagant should regard them as originating with Abraham or

April 1969 71 Moses, to whose biographies they have been con- 4!)Gibson,"H. Schiitzinger,op. cit., p.Vrsprung58. des AbrahamNimrod Legendes, p. 151;

veniently annexed. Such doublets and repetitions are, Beer,01Seeop.ourcit.,articlep. 14.in The Instructor, January 1965, pp. 3537.

as Gordon reminds us, "typical of Near Eastern litera52Tha'labi,":!Ka'b alAkhbar,op. cit.,textp. 52;in RevueBeer, desop. cit.,Etudesp. 98.Juives, Vol. 70 (1920), p.

ture... the taste of the Bible world called for duplica39;103f;B.binChapira,Gorion, inSagenRevuederdesJuden,EtudesVol.Juives,2, p. 4.Vol. 69 (1919), pp. 97,

tion,"as when Joseph and Pharaoh have identical T."'M. Boehl,Gemoll,in IsraelitenEx OrienteundLux,HykosVol. (Leipzig,17, p. 131.1913), p. 31.

prophetic dreams 121—to say nothing. of Nephi and Lehi. ing,r,cTheaccordingTalmud,to Midrash,Beer, Lebenand Abrahams,Arabic sourcespp. 9798.follow this line of reasonHowever annoying we may find it, it is important empire"""Nimrodin Babel,becameErech,king Akkadover theand childrenthe Landof Hamof Sinear,"and foundedb. Gorion,his

to realize that we are dealing here with neither pure SagenasSibyllineder Juden,Oracles,Vol.c. 99.2, p. 25; Bar Hebraeus, Chron. 1:8 (Budge).

history nor pure myth—indeed, in the strictest sense VII,r,!VP.1-VIII,Rab. 1.Eliezer, cit. Beer, Leben Abrahams, p. 7: PseudoPhilo,

op. cit., pp. 98100.

Biblical Motifs (Harvard University Press, 1966), p. 76.neither history nor myth is ever completely pure. How Beer,nlA. Altmann,

the two may be mixed is dramatically illustrated in G;iBoehl,02Beer, op.Ex cit.,Orientep. 98.Lux, Vol. 17, pp. 13 If.

Old Testament (Liverpool, 1922), p. 57. and the Peet, Egypt E.the case of Nimrod's notorious boast: It was when "'T.

1619. 11:2023, 10:25, Gen.

of Semitic Studies, Vol. 7, p. 54.Abraham called upon Nimrod to acknowledge God as "'Gibson,""Wacholder,Journalop. cit.

cit., p. 51.

und Geschichte des alten Orients (Munich,the giver of life that the latter intoned what has ever "F.IKTha'labi,Hommel,op. Geographic

since been his slogan and device: "It is I who give life 1904), p. Gadd,357, n.in 1013.D. W. Thomas (ed.), Archaeology and Old Testament 70C. J.

(Oxford, p. 94. 1967),and I who take it away!"The historical part of the Study

Journal 71C. Gordon, in of Near Eastern Studies, Vol. 17, p. 30.

thing is that this actually was the slogan of the 7-Ch. Virolleaud's insistence, in I Ethnographic, N.S. 48 (1953),

Pharaohs from the earliest times. When the king first pp.inhabitants3ff, thatwereChaldeaalwayswascalledalwaysChaldeansa designationrests on ofa Sumercircularandargument.that its

appears in the Pyramid Text as the conquering hero 74T:iGinzberg,Cit., M. Gemoll,Legendsop.ofcit.,the p.Jews,35. Vol. 1, p. 299.

from the East spreading terror before him, his heralds p. T"C.290. E. Kraeling, in Journal of Biblical Literature, Vol. 66 (1947).

announce to all the world: "If he wants you to live, "Gave77M. Chwolsohn,of TreasuresDie26:1.Sabaccr (Moscow, 18.56), Vol. 2, pp. 553f.

you live! If he wants you to die, you die!"1 -- And at 7SGibson,7,lPseudoPhiloop. cit.,6:14.p. 51.

the coronation of later kings the Pharaoh was introSS0Cave'C. J. Gadd,of Treasuresop. cit.,28:17.pp. 93f.

duced to his subjects as "the Merciful One who gives ling,8iR.Brooklynde Vaux,Museumin RevuePapyri,Biblique,p. 6. Vol.W. F.72 Leemans,(1965), p.in Ex19; OrienteC. E. KraeLux.

you back your heads!"123 Finally, in the silver sarVol.,S3M.pp.Gemoll,43637.Israel and the Hyksos, pp. 3235; Beer, op. cit., p. 99;

cophagus of Sheshonki I, the founder of the 22nd Z.218ff.'Mavani, Lcs Hykos et le Monde de la Bible (Paris: Payot, 1956), pp.

Dynasty, is a cryptogramatic inscription in which the S4Wacholder,ssj. von Beckenrath,op. cit., p.Tanis101. u. Theben (Gliickstadt, J. J. Augustin,

king boasts that (as Horus) he slays the slayers of 1951),'Oppenheim,p. 31. in Journal of American Or. Society, Vol. 74 (1954).

Osiris and also is "the Great One who grants life pp.sGordon,6-13; Gordon,op. cit.,Beforepp. 27,the56,Bible,and JNES,pp. 27,Vol.288f.17 (1958), pp. 28ff.

as the Living One."124 This particular Sheshonk was ssBeer,S!W. Hales,op. cit.,Analysis,p. 99; etc.Gordon,Vol. JNES,2, p. 108.Vol. 17, p. 30.

the son of a great warlord named Nimrod, whom ""ApocalypseiPseudoPhiIoof 7:2,Abraham8:1. 2:3.

Petrie believed to be an Elamite from Asia, the leader "-aB.Gordon,Chapira,Beforein theRevueBible,desp. Etudes287. Juives, Vol. 69 (1919), p. 101.

of a band of warriors, who made himself useful to!Wacholder,04W. Foerster,op.Fromcit., theVol.Exile35 (1964),to Christp. (Philadelphia:43. Fortress Press,

Pharaoh and finally seized the throne; he was noted 1964),!)5e.g., p.in 141.the Song of Debbora and Barach, in Ps. Philo, 32:1.

for his piety, and in founding a new dynasty also ""Falasha97B. Chapira,Anthology,in Revuep. des28, n.Etudes195. Juives, Vol. 69, pp. 94 and 59:5;

restored the old rites of human sacrifice; he also was bin08Beer,Gorion,op.Sagencit., p.der148.Juden, Vol. 2, p. 188.

the one Pharaoh most closely tied to Israel, marrying 100bin"Beer, Gorion,op. cit.,op.p. cit.,35, n.pp.341.14853.

his daughter to King Solomon and later conquering 102Esp.101Beer, byop. I.cit.,Levi,p. 128.in Revue des Etudes Juives, Vol. 48 (1904).

Palestine and financing his empire with the plunder pp.i:'B.8-11;Heller,and Vol.in R.E.J.59 (1910),, Vol. 98,pp.p. 9ff.17.

of the Temple of Jerusalem. It is an interesting coinci1MB.105Chapira,Chapira,loc.R.E.J.cit.,,andVol.I. 69,Loeb,p. 94;R.E.J.,YalkutVol. 182;4 (1882),Cor. 28:38.p. 304.

R.E.J. ""Chapira, dence that the name of Sheshonk ( or Shishaq ) is the

Weill, k>7G. Biblical, Vol.Legends69, p. 94,of then. 3.Muslims, pp. 91ff, 105f, 109,

120,one hieroglyphic word readily identified and unani117, Cosquinetc. who discovered the legends in the Far East believes 10SM.

there; originatedmously agreed upon by the Egyptologists who have themlooy.to Vikentiev,have et Moise,"I. Levi, inR.E.J.,AnnalesVol. du59,Service,p. 11. Vol. 48, "Horus

2141.commented on Facsimile No. 2, where the name appp.

Metternichstele, p. 11, Spr. XIV. lluSanderHanseh,

Religion, 71. p. Egyptian A. Budge, W. pears as Figure 8. How all this fits into the picture 1UE.

stories, in R.E.J., finger B. Chapira the "-For

BuchVereinigugn, Fiirstenthal, Jiidische (Berlin: 113Ernst Abrahamremains to be seen. o Vol. 69, p. 95.

of Emtelai collection 1, contains Part the fullest 1936), (To be continued) romantic form. stories, in

FOOTNOTES SanderHansen,"5B. Heller, in R.E.J.op., cit.,Vol.p.69,71,p.Spr.95. XIV.

43B. Beer, Leben Abrahams, p. 99, noting that Gen. 11:28 allows The Instructor, January 1965, pp. 3537.

only a general inference. 117Chapira, loc. cit.

H. C. L. Gibson, in Journal of Semitic Studies, Vol. 7 (1962), pp. nsBeer, op. cit., p. 113.

5455. PseudoPhilo 6:18.

4=B. Z. Wacholder, in Hebrew Union College Annual, Vol. 34 (1963), 120In G. Foucart, Bibliotheque d'Etudes Coptes, Vol. 1 (Cairo: Institut

p. 99. Francais d'archeologie Orientale, 1919), Fol. Vr. to XIII.

Tha'labi, Qissas alAnbiyah (Cairo, 1922), p. 51. 121C. Gordon, in Christianity Today, Nov. 23, 1959, p. 132.

17H. Weill, Biblical Legends of the Muslims (1856), p. 47. The Eumol- "-Pyramid Texts, Nos. 153, 153c, 155, 155d, 157, 157d, 159a, 159e,

pus text is in R. Riessler, Altjiidisches Schrifttum (Heidelberg, 1966),

p. 11. etc."3H. Altenmueller, in Ex Oriente Lux, Vol. 19, p. 433.

"Maimonides, Dalalat, Vol. 3, pp. 21719. ]2JE. Drioton, mKemi, Vol. 12 (1952), pp. 28, 33.

72 Improvement Era NONDRINKING DRIVERS ARE YOU GETTING ALL THE INSURANCE PROTECTION YOU ARE PAYING FOR?

The Preferred Risk "PLUS"auto

policy offers all the protection of most standard policies—PLUS

ADDITIONAL BROADER COVERAGES—AT LOWER PRICES

than standard rates.

FOR TOTAL

ABSTAINERS ONLY ( one beer a year is too many ) MORE PROTECTION Illustrated by Travis Winn than offered in standard

To My Indian Son auto policies.

Leaving for the Reservation Ask for your By Carol Clark Ottesen personal rate.

No obligation.

Child of Shadow Mountain, Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent

Coyote brother of the desert, under "Insurance"in the YELLOW PAGES

Son, OR USE THIS COUPON Go now. N OBLIGATION

Slip your brown hand away;

A blackhaired mother waits. INSURANCE CO.

2150 So. 2nd. West Salt Lake City, Utah Dept. IE 4-69

or 5 years. I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 QBareback you rode Please i send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers. one) (Check

Into our saddled lives.

! have had myHow far from here to there? Name Address driver's license

A white skin and City State. years.

A century away. Occupation No. of Cars in Family I have taken a

Somehow Make of Car Model.: Year No. of cyls course,driver ntrainingYes n No

the gap.We bridged

Car Is Used Auto for: Circle Owner

Insurance of This Business Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyExpires: Q preparedBut I was not BIRTH DATE Pleasure Month

For this tearing I feel. To and from work SEX Day...

We wove you in the fabric....miles one way MARRIED Year..

Of our life. America's first Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

Our pattern will be rent Not available in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

Till you return. Sales manager wanted for Southern California. Call or write

Mr. W. Reid, 9617 Lakewood Blvd. Downey Calif. T0 1-2791

April 1969 73 David Whitmer, The Independent Missouri Businessman::AkajiistsiYMIWDEPun t* II In RejSt. &*rtmftgwwi*it-** "T**tf4Afc4.MSI|*t:t:*fl*tfcjBH>&*i.ss**.i-:"*

'*1 H docWJneaf f*t)tfm; By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson KbKami!,?FftningDaparfaandJnJHfMrtUmFrwatb.iu IVace,toHeHi*! 1*01.bi,

C. T. OAEKER, Jr.

iBBStUutHIRlBB,

J&MHJhtkiflc*.fill* Mel---<

015SY TO LAN

David Whitmer, from a recently discovered daguerreotype.

Picture is about 1-inch wide.

Photo by Charles F. Holbrook

Each witness of the Book of Morily the description of David's father viction that Joseph Smith had the mon was an individualist. In David as a "hardworking, Godfearing plates and enclosing samples of

Whitmer, this quality verged on man,"who was "a strict Presbytheir translation; a third letter

the stubborn. Whether in Mormon terian and brought his children up from friend Oliver requesting the

society or not, he stood like a rock with rigid sectarian discipline."1 hospitality of the Whitmer home.

for his principles. This outspoken These qualities, broadened by the David made a 200mile trip with

and utterly honest personality humaneness of the restored gospel, team and wagon to move the would have been the first to detect characterized the witnessson. Since translators to his home, and had

fraud and expose it. During eight he was a natural leader all of his intimate contact with their work,

years in the Church and 50 years life, it is significant that the first events that in later life still glowed of strict separation from it, he mention of him in his community with the power of God's assistance/'maintained without compromise is his election March 12, 1825, as By June of 1829 he had given his that he had seen the angel and the sergeant in the newly organized name to the world to declare plates. Only a survey of his life militia company, the "Seneca that he saw an angel exhibit the

will adequately portray an indiGrenadiers."- He was then a plates and heard the voice of God

vidual who did not use words bachelorfarmer of 20. declare the translation correct.

lightly. The strength of the testiHis subsequent investigation and David Whitmer's association with

mony is the power of the man. acceptance of Joseph Smith were Mormonism from 1829 to his exBy birth a Pennsylvania Gerpainted in bold colors in the intercommunication in 1838 can be

man, David Whitmer still betrayed views of his elderly life. All was itemized with a little labor. It in-

'a German twang"in his conversastill vivid to him then: rumors of cluded sustained missionary jourtion with George Q. Cannon in the "Gold Bible"; contact with the neys, pioneering in newly settled

1884. The family moved about teacher Oliver Cowdery, who was western Missouri, administering the

1809 to wooded farmland adjoining traveling to Pennsylvania to see for affairs of the Church in the trusted

Seneca Lake in western New York. himself; two letters from the young inner circle of the Prophet. In these

A reporter obtained from the famschoolmaster expressing firm coneight years no more than that many

74 Improvement Era Daas was were as prominentmen Vl**. t Bigg's yton(A*tTT Uehis ofvid Whitmer. The pinnacle

recognition was the office of president of the Church in Missouri, the equivalent of a stake president in terms of current Church organiza-!

tion, but then of such status that the First Presidency and the Missouri presidency sat on the stand together at the Kirtland Temple dedication.

What of the man himself? When It's Bf*,, And

mobs terrorized the Missouri Whitit'smade mer settlement, burning homes and brutally whipping men, it was David who vigorously organizedthe resistance. Two years later in *>

Kirtland the lesson of the absence of civil protection was still vivid, and David was named "captain of the Lord's host."1 The appointment

was merely the token of a plan, not a reality, but the recognition underlines the Prophet's respect for

David's courage and reliability.

Joseph Smith measured the men about him well, and his opinion of

David was recorded in a blessing given in 1835, the peak year of the witness's service to the Church. A

few phrases from the copy that

David treasured for over 40 years capture his basic nature. Beloved

as "a faithful friend to mankind,"his integrity causes "all his words"to be as "steadfast as the pillars of heaven.""His character"will be unspotted, and "his testimony shall

shine as fair as the sun, and as a

it shall untardiamond, remain nished.""'of The Deseret News Press far as the intent As

that blessing, David's continued does more than printing...

faithfulness was a condition of its complete fulfillment, but from the For a complete service:

point of view of the man's nature, Layout and design, composition, his developed personality at age 30 lithographic offset, letterpress, fourcolor process separations is depicted, which even in rebellion bindery, shipping and mailing against the Church was not radicall (801) 4861892 cally modified. 1600 EMPIRE ROAD Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

Tragic events culminated in David Whitmer's excommunication

April 13, 1838. In the previous year

of doctrinal and financial trial, m

April 1969 75 The MORMONMAYA-Medallions

prominent dissenters moved in from Missouri. The estranged witopen couneil to depose the Prophet ness remained behind to live a halfAlma 11 and replaee him with David Whitcentury in a society hostile to his

mer, a commentary on the public religious views, a situation that

Leah stature of the latter.'5 Long aftercontinually highlighted his rugged

wards the witness denied certain individualism. Two examples stand

stories of his apostasy, and gave his out, although the Whitmer modesty own version of the processes of his makes it necessary for the historian thinking. 7 In summary, he simply to piece each event together. In

was jealous of the power and susindignant rebuttal to the charge pected influence of Sidney Rigdon: that he had contributed to Mormon

"Rigdon was a thorough Bible persecution, David gave back1st NEPHI-S scholar, a man of fine education, ground details of an incident of the "LEHI'S DREAM"and a powerful orator. He soon year of his excommunication:

worked himself deep into Brother "[W]hen I came to Richmond,

Joseph's affections, and had more General Parks... pressed me and

influence over him than any other my team into service, and I was man living."8 forced to go and drive a wagon

At David Whitmer's excommuniload of baggage to Far West. I told

cation, the main charge was them if I had to go I would take "possessing the same spirit with no gun. They said 'all right'; and I

the dissenters....""This meant took no gun."1 - A reporter recorded

that he was skeptical of the new David's recollection of the heroic

Senum policies of the Kirtland era and sequel: "During the melee that folhad declared economic indepenlowed he was handed a musket by

dence. But David really sought to the soldiery and ordered to shoot

recreate the intimate days of 1829Joseph Smith, but threw the mus30 at his father's home in Fayette, ket down, declaring he would not

New York. His later writings harm the Lord's anointed.'"13

Limnah Gold 116.87 Gr. Order idealize this period when he felt David Whitmer also risked his

Gr. Gold 55 Shum Gold closest to God and the Prophet. So life for his loyalty to country as a 27.5 Seon Gold Gr. Medals

Antion Gold 20.625 Gr. at Later David Whitmer is really a man who firm Unionist in a divided county

Senine Gold 13.75 Gr. Date declined to grow with the Church. in the Civil War. His family knew

Onti Silver 3,360 Gr. $35.00 His grandson defined his position of his open declaration of loyalty

Gr. Ezrom Silver 1,920 25.00

Silver Gr. Amnor 20.00 as "standing still."10 If skeptical of to Lincoln, 11 and his grandson 960

Senum Silver 480 Gr. 15.50 further revelations, he nevertheless alluded to personal danger at that

Shiblon Antique Bronze $ 6.50 accepted the founding guidance of time: "He looked up the cocked

Shiblum Antique Bronze 3.25 letter of withbrutal the of the Church—his gun barrel men Leah Antique Bronze 2.50 the

.. tra- a treatment in 1838 alleged."ir> These produced. times drawal

Price (Including Clear plastic case). inconsistent with "the revelations of ditions tend to confirm a detailed

Only 300 will be registered, and God, which I believe... Z'11 Alstory from an unidentified Ray serially. numbered

though the Whitmers succumbed County resident. This 1888 recolMap Mint toand McLellin'sjoined that flatteryreorganization,in 184647Da- thelectionmajorityconcernsbegana tomeetingframe resoluwhere

P. O. Box 31132 vid soon confessed that he had been tions requiring nonsecessionists to

Dallas, Texas 75231 emotionally moved instead of dileave the county:

Please send me by registered mail vinely directed—so he continued to "At this point in the proceedings

wait. This position plus opposition David Whitmer arose, walked to

medallions to polygamy characterized his famthe platform, and delivered a short ily flock, the "Church of Christ"in but very telling speech. He stated

I enclose $. as payment northcentral Missouri. that no resolutions or threats would

David Whitmer's separation cocause him to run away. He deName incided with Mormon expulsion clared that he was a citizen of the

Address

76 Improvement Era TO—

THE PRINCIPAL AWARD 1968 From Freedoms Foundation at Valley Forge

Television Program Category

"FOR OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN BRINGING ABOUT

A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF THE AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE."

FOR THE PROGRAM

A production of the Special Affairs Division of Bonneville International Corporation

THE BONNEVILLE GROUP

WRFM, New York, N.Y. KMBZAM, KMBRFM, Kansas City, Mo.

KBIGFM-AM, Los AngelesAvalon, Calif. KSLAM-FMTV, Salt Lake City, Utah

KIROAM-FMTV, Seattle, Washington KIDAM-FMTV, Idaho Falls, Idaho

WNYW, International Shortwave, New York, N.Y.

Our gratitude to the following television stations releasing this program:

Calif. Albuquerque, N.M. Bakersfied, Tex. Atlanta, AmariOo, Ga. Alaska Anchorage,KGGM, KFDA, KTVA, KERO, WMAR, WAGA,

Baltimore, Billings, La. Boston, Boise, Idaho Md. Rouge, Baton Binghamton, Mont. N.Y. WAFB, KBOI, -WHDH, WINR, KOOK,

111.Mass. Clovis, Green, Butte, Bowling Ky. Clarksburg, Chicago, N.M. Va. Mont. W. -WLTV, KXLF, -WBOY, KFDW, WTVM, WGN,

DallasFt. Florence, Evansville, Ga. Great S.D. Fairbanks, Tex.Columbus, Alaska Worth, KRTV, WFAA, KTVF, -KDLO, WEHT,

Falls, Falls, Jackson, Huntsville, Springs, Ala. Nebr. Idaho Houston, Idaho Tex. Mont. Hay KDUH, WLBT, Ind.WHNT, KHOU,

Fla. Miss. Jacksonville, City, Lead, Knoxville, S.D. Vegas, Nev. Tenn. Las KID, Kansas Mo. KHSD, WBIR, KMBC, KLEW, KLAS, WFGA,

Little Louisville, Calif.Lewiston, Idaho Angeles, Rock, Ark. Tex. Miami, Lubbock, Ky. Los KTHV, WHAS, KTLA, KCBD, WTVJ,

Fla. City, Mobile, Ala. Haven, York, Tex. Conn. OdessaMidland, N.Y. -WKRG, Oklahoma WNHC, KOSA, KOCO, New New WNEW,

111.Okla. Fla. Ariz. Portland, Orlando, Nebr. Phoenix, Pasco, Omaha, Quincy, Wash. -WCSH, -WOW, KEPR, WDBO, KPHO, WGEM,

Raleigh,Me. City, Reliance, Portsmouth, Va. Nev. N.C. Reno, S.D. S.D. San Rapid -WRAL, KCTV, -WAVY, KOTA, KOLO, KPLO,

Calif.Angelo, Salt City, Sayre, Tex. Okla. FranciscoOakland, Savannah, Lake Utah Ga. KSL, KIRO, San KTVU, KFDO, -WTOC,

Seattle, Falls, La. Wash. Shreveport, Thermopolis, S.D. Topeka, Spokane, Sioux Wyo. Wash. KSLA, KELO, WIBW, KREM, KWRB,

Valley City,Kan. Washington, N.D. D.C. Wash. KXJB, Yakima, KIMA, WTTG,

April 1969 77 United States, and should remain such. He proposed to live or die

under the old flag. If anyone desired to shoot him, then was a good

time. The resolutions were not

passed, the meeting adjourned to a given day, but did not convene.""''

of David Whitmer turned grudging Can BYU The quiet but immovable ways

years of his residence in Richmond, Home Study respect to admiration during the 50

Missouri. Three decades of surreally bring viving newspapers chronicle many

happiness after mentationordinary activities,by public documents.with suppleBy

his recollections his sole capital in thirty? 1838 was a wagon and team. The

census records value his real estate

Yes... after seven -thirty, at $1,000 in 1850, and his personal

eightthirty, or even ninethirty and real property in 1860 as $5,000, in the evening. Happy people increasing to $7,000 in 1870. His

all over the world are spending private assets at death in 1888 were stimulating hours with BYU Home Study probably worth $10,000.

courses. Don't let busy daytime

hours deprive you of preparing for Perhaps general hauling work opportunities ahead. A BYU continued for some time, since he

Home Study course can gave no specific occupation on the be completed in your leisure 1850 census. By 1860 he is listed as

hours, whenever they may a "Livery Keeper,"and his newsoccur, and yet you have the paper notices are fairly continuous advantage of a close, personal for a quarter of a century for the studentinstructor "Livery and Feed Stable"of "D.

relationship to Whitmer & Son"or "Whitmer & guide you. Co."The editor of the Conservator

regularly editorialized for his advertiser: "They have everything all

O.K. in their line, and can furnish

Earn valuable high school customers with anything from a and university credit saddle horse to a fourhorse coach from a selection of over at a moment's notice."17 For over

292 challenging courses. two decades David Whitmer's advertisement had the same closing

CLIP AND message: "Customers may rely on

MAIL TODAY! promptness, good turnouts, safe

horses, and moderate charges."18

After a time both editor and paid

DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY notices refer to the business as "The

Brigham Young University 210 HRCB Provo, Utah 84601 Old Reliable Livery and Feed

Please send me, without obligation, your complete Home Study Stable."This title symbolized the

catalog listing all 292 courses and registration information. record of the firm and is really a

comment about its owner.

Name David Whitmer's business interests were broad, and so was his

Address. service and friendship in his comCity State..Zip.

78 Improvement Era munity. What the Whitmers did them was supporting the integrity step beyond this is a definite percommercially for Richmond was of David Whitmer. The opinions sonal relationship. For instance,

summarized accurately by David's of "the famed publisher of the during the sickness of the witness greatgranddaughter Richmond Conservator"- 5 should in 188182, Child gave regular "They filled hauling contracts, carry a good deal of weight. Dyprogress reports: "We were glad to

rented out carriages and buggies, namic in local and state politics, he see Uncle David Whitmer on the and met two trains a day at Lexingwas elected mayor of Richmond street Monday looking remarkably ton Junction with a beautifully and state assemblyman. His fellow well...."2T Later that year the

decorated yellow bus.... Side editors named him president of the town was excited by the marriage

lines were feed and grain, sand and Missouri Press Association, and he of David's granddaughter Josic to gravel."10 was United States ambassador to the brilliant young Chicago resiDavid was publicspirited, servSiam under President Cleveland. 20 dent, James R. Van Cleave. Writing on fair boards, and he and his Some of Child's comments on ing the frontpage story with

wife entered competition and won David Whitmer favorably mention Victorian eloquence, the Missouri prizes. Named in the newspapers the Whitmer transportation busieditor noticed the presence of the

as participating in many public ness, perhaps for favors shown. A "silver haired patriarch, whose

meetings, he appears as the elected

Twentytwo leading chairman Shortly after of some. citizens of Richmond, mu*J< <2 Y &<-**x Missouri, signed 4 the of he signed as one Civil War

this statement, the "friends of Johnson, Liberty attesting that David and Union,"-"and his temperate Whitmer was "of voice was most influential in this the highest integrity."

reconstruction period. As early as

1858 he was nominated for city councilman, a position subsequently held times.- several was 1 He * 'al 0"/ /

toelected fill the unexpired term / of mayor in 186768, during which he sponsored several practical programs.-- But the active businessman of 63 apparently retired from

further office seeking; declining to A 6 4

attempt a second term, he recom- C<fZ mended the election of a "younger, more energetic man."23 His prominence, however, never diminished.

The Ray County Atlas of 1877 featured his picture as one of 20 influential individuals. 21 Likenesses &t4l**<*6& tfL&isZT <s4*—; <<%ff>A*****<*{J?4

appeared on the same page of his lawyernephew, David P. Whitmer tuo- +******. CcrfKA**

(eldest son of the witness Jacob), and Jacob T. Child, the editor of

the Richmond Conservator.

A firm friendship existed between David Whitmer and the editor Jacob Child. This journalist

was an enlightened reformer of his period and had no party connection *TZ/r *J%**-v *7$*/ z.-*-*--. "l>vA-,m<-.p-

with the Book of Mormon witness, &UM who was 30 years his senior. Child, t--fc<a-.....

was a forthright spokesman for the causes he championed, and one of

April 1969 79 turn of the century recalling "Uncle'After 50 years in nonMormon society, he

Davy Whitmer"and the years that insisted... that he knew the Book of Mormon they lived "side by side."Reminiscwas divinely revealed"ing about the appearance and personal industry of "the last living

witness,"who never allowed a form is as erect and his eyes as insisted with the fervor of his youth weed to mature in his small garden.

bright as when he gazed on the that he knew that the Book of Parker tells why he was "respected

Lord's messenger."28 On several Mormon was divinely revealed. by all":

definite occasions Child went Relatively few people in Richmond "No one could know Uncle Davy beyond such notices to openly decould wholly accept such testiand not like and trust him....

fend the integrity of the Book of mony, but none doubted his intelChildren liked him, men respected

Mormon witness. ligence or complete honesty. The him and trusted him, and I never

Whitmer's election as mayor inagnostic John Murphy from neighheard a word from anyone during duced some spiteful remarks. boring Polo, Missouri, interviewed my ten years'acquaintance with

Child's editorial reaction reminded the witness in 1880 and published him and those who had known him his readers that one with "self rehis version virtually claiming Daintimately for years that spoke a spect"would not indulge in vicious vid's denial. In turn, the witnessharsh word or uttered a doubt as

gossip: "Mr. Whitmer is a gentlebusinessman printed a crisp "proto his truthfulness and general

man, and as such represented the clamation"that he had never kindness of heart."33

views of our people when they cast modified his written testimony. He Parker had obviously reflected a

for him their votes for mayor."211 also enlisted 22 of Richmond's poligood deal on how one might adSome fifteen years later the vitriolic tical, business, and professional mire the man without accepting his

antiMormon lecturer, Clark Braleaders to sign an accompanying messag'e. Few of his townsmen

den, came to the hometown of the statement that they had known him could accept his Book of Mormon last Book of Mormon witness and for over forty years as "a man of testimony, but "on any other subpublicly branded him as disreputhe highest integrity, and of unject or statement of fact neither table. The Conservator's response doubted truth and veracity."32 This myself or others could doubt."

was a spirited frontpage editorial certificate rightly claimed that the Hyrum Parker spent most of his life unsympathetic with Mormonism signers knew David Whitmer well in selling in several states but had but insistent on "the forty six years—personal relationships can be never met "a more honest, guileof private citizenship on the part traced in many cases, including the less man": "How one can account

of David Whitmer, in Richmond, six that were pallbearers at his for the delusion that must have without stain or blemish...."30 funeral seven years later. None on possessed this old man is beyond

Although admitting that theological the list, including Jacob Child, me.

views were open to question, the publicly accepted the Book of Such reasoning cuts two ways.

prominent journalist insisted that Mormon, but all admired the man Man is both a rational and a rathe character of his friend was not: who testified of its truth. tionalizing creature. If he can in-

"If a life of probity, of unobtrusive The existence of witnesses of vent reality, he can also explain benevolence and well doing for such capacity and credibility conaway what has actually happened.

well nigh a half century, marks a fronts every thinking person with David Whitmer insisted on the man as a good citizen, then David a challenge. Those who personally actual appearance of a superWhitmer should enjoy the confitalked with David Whitmer seem natural being. His community indence and esteem of his fellowto have sensed the dilemma of sisted that he was a man of

men."The following year the editor skepticism. No one explained it remarkable acumen and truthfulpenned a tribute on the eightieth more clearly than Hiram Parker, ness.

birthday of David Whitmer, who who lived in David Whitmer's secAt his death in 1888 a new gener- "with no regrets for the past"still tion of town for a decade spanning ation of editors reiterated Rich- "reiterates that he saw the glory of 1870, when he listed himself on the mond's judgment on the last Book the angel...."31 federal census as a "marble marker of Mormon witness. The ConserThis is the critical issue of the and deal[er]."Later prominent in vator described David Whitmer as

life of David Whitmer. After 50 the insurance business in Detroit, "one of our oldest and best known

years in nonMormon society, he Parker wrote an article around the citizens,"35 but the Democrat was

80 Improvement Era more personal in its report:

'[N]o man ever lived here, who had among our people, more friends and fewer enemies. Honest,

conscientious and upright in all his dealings, just in his estimate of men, and open, manly and frank in his treatment of all, he made lasting friends who loved him to the end."30 (To be continued) FOOTNOTES 'Chicago Tribune, Dec. 17, 1885. Quotations herein are modified only in spelling and

punctuation.

-Seneca Farmer, March 23, 1825.

"Kansas City Daily Journal, June 5, 1881.

'The Book of John Whitmer, Journal of History, Vol. 1 (1908), p. 302. Cf. DHC, Vol. 2,

pp. 28182. "The blessing, copied by David Whitmer's admirer J. L. Traughber, Jr., appeared in The

Return, Vol. 2 (February 1890), pp. 21213.

Its occasion appears in John Whitmer's history, op. cit., pp. 30203; the correction of two

transposed words has been made from LDS records. c"History of Brigham Young,"Deseret News,

February 10, 1858, cit. Millennial Star, Vol.

25 (1863), p. 487.

Whitmer stated that Lucy Smith relied upon hearsay for her reports of him in 1837. Cf.

Saints'Herald, Vol. 34 (1887), p. 90, with

Lucy Mack Smith, Biographical Sketches of

Joseph Smith (Liverpool, 1853), pp. 21113.

sDavid Whitmer, An Address to All Believers in Christ (Richmond, 1887), p. 35; cf. THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE p. 59.

"Far West Record, Church Historian's Typescript, p. 124; also cit. DHC, Vol. 3, p. 19.

1(lGcorge W. L. Sweich, The Return, Vol. 3

(1893), p. 1.

"See n. 9. '-Letter of David Whitmer to Joseph Smith h#r tSvi&dfcui&ed tint/

III, Dec. 9, 1886, cit. Saints'Herald, Vol. 34

(1887), p. 89.

Chicago Tribune, Dec. 17, 1885.

a4Helen Van Cleave Blankmeyer, David WhitWitness for mer, God cf. p. 66.( Springfield, Illinois. Mercury Specials! pp. 5152; 1955),

L. Sweich, 15George W. The Return, Vol. S FOR AS LITTLE AS

p. 4. (December 1892),

Chicago Times, Jan. 26, 1888.

Conservator, 12, 1865. llNorthWest Aug. PER 100 oi $5.75 e.g., his lsCf., advertisements Conservator

plain Printed on finest or pan1884. Sept. 10, with 1863, July 31,

10Blankmeyer, op. cit., p. 50. eled vellum wedding papers in

-"Conservator, 1865. Aug. 25,

of April 9, 1858, April sharp, clean new type faces. 21See the Conservator

5, 1861, and April 7, 1864. He lost by a 4849

vote in 1858.

references to Whitmer's mayor-—Newspaper 100 PER P/./j in ship are surveyed L. V. Richardson, Ebbie - letters Raised (thermography)

thesis, Brigham A, David Whitmer (M. Young

distinctive beautiful and and 8687. University, 1952), pp.

'"Richmond Conservator, Mar. 21, 1868. a sincere value at this price.

-'Illustrated Historical Atlas of Ray County.

Missouri (Philadelphia, 1877).

-'William H. Taft, Missouri Newspapers

Missouri, 182. p. PER (Columbia, 100 1964), $19.75

*Ibid., History Cf. 354. 182, of Ray pp. steel die engraved—Genuine

(St. 51315. Missouri Louis, County, pp. 1881), sent plate Engraving with your Conservator, 14, 1882. 2Richmond July

delivery order. if needed. 5-day Ibid., 17, 1882. Nov.

-*Ibid., June 22, 1867.

s0Ibid., 1884. 22, Aug. SATWITH COMPLETE CONFIDENCE. ORDER Ibid., 1885. 9, Jan.

ISFACTION GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY 32This statement and testimonial was published as a pamphlet and appeared in the WILL BE PROMPTLY AND CHEERFULLY REPortions Conservator, 1881. 25, Mar. Richmond FUNDED.

of Historian's the original the Church (now at

Wedding Invitations and Announcements in All Office) photographically reproduced were

Richardson, op. cit., pp. 17880. Tissued and Inserted into Inside Envelopes.

""Mormon Reminiscences,"published letter

Detroit, of of an 15 February Hiram Parker, all including the finest which from 60 styles elegant vellums Over to choose and of year. unidentified Miss Clare Mangus Jo in silver pastels. beautiful informals, Also enclosures, parchments gray thank and a Kansas, greatgranddaughter Goodland, and

member of the Church, holds the original you notes, at home cards, napkins, photo albums, wedding books, and many other clipping. accessories.

Richmond editor was George Conservator,W. Trigg,Jan. a26,signer1888.of Thethe Send 25c (50c if airmail requested) (credited on your order) for catalog, samples and

1881 testimonial. FREE ETIQUETTE WHEEL.

Richmond Democrat, Jan. 26, 1888; the 24hour (in our plant) service if desired.

long biography was rerun Feb. 2, 1888.

E R C U R Y SALT146 EASTLAKESIXTHCITY 'SOUTHUTAH STREET841 1 ] CO. PUBLISHING M. M Name

April 1969 81

rat-.ir State -Zlr,

STEVIE BROWN SAYS:

WE ARE THE HEADQUARTERS

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

Tithing

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

"The earth is the Lord's, and "And this stone, which I have the fulness thereof."(Ps. 24:1.) set for a pillar, shall be God's

All that we have or hope to have house: and of all that thou shall

comes as a blessing to us from give me I will surely give the tenth

God. In the Book of Mormon, unto thee."(Gen. 28:2022.)

King Benjamin taught this great In Malachi we find a probing lesson. He asked, "For behold, question and the promise of great

are we not all beggars? Do we not blessings:

all depend upon the same Being, "Will a man rob God? Yet ye

even God, for all the substance have robbed me. But ye say,

which we have, for both food and Wherein have we robbed thee? In

raiment, and for gold, and for tithes and offerings.

silver, and for all the riches which "Ye are cursed with a curse: for

FOR THE we have of every kind?"(Mosiah ye have robbed me, even this

4:19.) As tenants on this earth, whole nation.

the Lord calls for a tenth of our "Bring ye all the tithes into the interest. This is the tithe. storehouse, that there may be 12"Tithing is an ancient law. We meat in mine house, and prove meNEWOFFICIAL

SLOW PITCH chizedek,read of Abrahamthe King ofgoingSalem:to "AndMelnowhosts,herewith,if I will saithnot openthe youLord theof

blessed him, and windows of heaven, and pour you SOFTBALL he [Melchizedek]

For $3.00 discount per dozen cut out said, Blessed be Abram of the out a blessing, that there shall not

ad and mail or bring with you. most high God, possessor of heavbe room enough to receive it."

Elevens en and earth: (Mai. 3:8-10.)

"And blessed be the most high Today, as anciently, the Lord rown SPORTS God, which hath delivered thine has given his people the law of 1176 EAST 21st SOUTH enemies into thy hand. And he tithing. President Joseph F. Smith

Phone 4877726 gave him tithes of all."(Gen. said, "The law of tithing is a test

14:1920.) by which the people as individuals

COMFORTERS REBUILT father'sAs Jacobhousedepartedto seekfroma wifehis failsshall tobeobserveproved.this Anyprincipleman shallwho

Down, Wool or Feather mattress. among the family of his mother in be known as a man who is indifBeautiful Satins

and nonslip fabHaran, he stopped for the eve/iing ferent to the welfare of Zion, who rics. Imported

ing. Also, wetickdo and made a covenant with the neglects his duty as a member of

pillows and feather bed pads. Lord, saying, "If God will be with the Church, and who does nothing

Send Coupon for me, and will keep me in this way toward the accomplishment of theInformation.

r that I go, and will give me bread temporal advancement of the king- | Russell Quilt & Pillow Co.

Invest 4032 Tweedy Blvd., South Gate, Cal. 90280 to eat, and raiment to put on, dom of God. He contributes nothin

either, the spreading to toward that again "So I come my ing, REST—j

, Address j Name—the Buy in of shall the earth, father's to nations the gospel peace; then house

City | BEST that neglects which the God: to do Lord and he Zip be my State

j

82 Improvement Era H@fl/1 international tours Proudly INVITES YOU would entitle him to receive the had just entered the city, called to to Beautiful.

blessings and ordinances of the her and said:

gospel."(Gospel Doctrine, page "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little

226.) water in a vessel, that I may

The law of tithing is given to be drink.... Bring me, I pray thee,

a blessing. It is to help the mem- a morsel of bread in thine hand."

bers of the Church overcome The widow, perhaps somewhat selfishness and learn obedience, startled by such a request, exand is a practical method of esplained that she did not have a DEPARTURES:

tablishing the kingdom of God cake but only a "handful of meal MAY 3 JUNE 14 AUG. 16 SEP. 13

upon the earth. Through our in a barrel, and a little oil in a WAIKIKI

voluntary contributions, we becruse: and, behold, I am gathering A week at America's Favorite

Beautiful Beach and Most sticks, that go I may two of the welconsiderate morecome ISLANDS and OUTER that and dress our of my son, others, it for mefare and we reaffirm Hilo, at Hawaii Overnight Stay loyalty to the Church. The princiwe may eat it, and die."and Maui, "Flightsee"Molokai

ple of tithing is truly a measuring Elijah promised her she would Dili /If AN 1NT0URS

... share what would faithfulness. if she be blessed our No personrod of I

did specialLUO!interestEXCLUSIVEto her, of bade as he had. She tithing she fails to pay an honestwho

can remain true to God. It reand she and her house were VisitingOvernightthestayTemple,

quires faith to voluntarily conblessed. It would appear that this Church College and

tribute the substance that we are woman loved the Lord and recogthePolynesianWorld-FamousCulturalprone as mortals to value so nized her duty to follow the Center at Lovely.. laie

highly. The law of the tithe teaches prophet's direction, even though

lessons that every young man and it meant giving all she had.

woman needs to learn if he or she How would we react under is to have success and joy in life. similar circumstances? Would we

The tithes are distributed to give our last morsel of food to the meet the needs of the Church Lord's prophet? This lady did, and

under the inspiration of the Prophas a result of her obedience the ROUND TRIP FROM LOS ANGELES GATEWAY et and President of the Church. Lord blessed her. From that time

the famine, of are until the the end are erected thatChapels '338* of never empty, barrel meal the tithing was throughpartly financed 16 days funds. These funds are used to because "she went and did acIncludes

support our Church schools, temcordingtothe saying of Elijah...."L.A.-HAWAIIROUND TRIP WITHDC-8 FULLJET AIRFARE,MEAL SERVICE

ples, and seminaries, to assist the (1 Kings 17:15.) EXCELLENTINTERISLANDHOTELJET ACCOMMODATIONSFLIGHTS

needy, and to further missionary In a revelation given to the LOADSEXCITINGOF SPECIALSIGHTSEEINGACTIVITIES work. Prophet Joseph Smith at Kirtland, NATIVE HAWAIIAN ESCORTS

GROUND TRANSPORTATION & TRANSFERS

Every member of the Church Ohio, September 11, 1831, the FREE AIRPORT PARKING - LOS ANGELES has the right and the duty to Lord stated: PLUS MUCH, MUCH MORE!

meet with the bishop annually to "Behold, now it is called today PlusTO L.A.R/T-TYPICALAIRFARE EXCURSIONFROM YOURFARES:CITY

check over his tithing record. This until the coming of the Son of SALTBOISELAKE$84 $65 PORTLANDDENVER $80$86

provides an opportunity for him Man, and verily it is a day of sacPHOENIXSEATTLE/TACOMA$38 SAN$92FRANCISCO RENO $47.$27

to declare whether or not he is a rifice, and a day for the tithing of OPERATED EXCLUSIVELY BY:

full tithe payer. The Lord has demy people; for he that is tithed Hill international tours

clared that we gain blessings in shall not be burned at his comLOS ANGELESVANCOUVER NEW YORKHONOLULU CHICAGO MEXICO SANCITYFRANCISCO life by obedience to various laws. ing."(D&C 64:23.) FOR FREE BROCHURES

To those who are faithful and hon- I would like to suggest that each CUP & MAIL TODAY!

est in the payment of their tithes, young man and woman read and INTOURS/C.J.C.

the Lord has promised blessings. study Section 119 of the Doctrine 3115 Wilshire Blvd.. (213)3880444

During a great famine in ancient and Covenants, which outlines our 53> Los Angeles, Calif. 90005

I NAME Israel, a widow at the gate of the obligation in the payment of tithcity Zarephath was gathering ing—a spiritual test of our love STREET.

sticks. Elijah, the prophet, who of God. o CITY STATE ZIP

PHONE JRAVEL DATE

April 1969 83 Mother

inspirational LDS FILMS Send the coupon below for your FREE catalog!

EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES

Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Film Department 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

New Address

BYU SOUTHWESTERN FILM CENTER 41 5 North dth Avenue Tucson, Arizona 85705

Temporary Address

BYU CANADIAN FILM CENFER 2300 23rd Avenue Soulh Lcthbridge, Alberta, Canada

BYU Ricks Film Center BYU Chicago Film Center

IdahoFirstFalls,StreetIdaho 83401 561AssociationHillgroveFilms,AvenueInc.

Los Film Center Angeles BYU La Grange, III. 60525 Center Film Area BYU Bav Hoist Film Smith c/o &

Inc. Library Association Films,

Street 2221 Olive South Cypress 25358 Avenue Calif. 90007 Los Angeles,

Calif. 94544 Hayward,

Film CenterInc. Hlms, ORDER FROM BYUAssociation600 GrandEasternAvenue

YOUR NEAREST Ridgefield, N, ). 07657

BRANCH LIBRARY

MEDIA SERVICES EDUCATIONALHerald

Provo. Utah 84601 BrighamR.YoungClark BuildingUniversity.

Please send vour FREE brochure listing all LDS Church produced Films.

NAME

ADDRESS.

CITY

Planning to Buy or Rent in WASHINGTON. DC AREA?

For informationpacked booklet:WASHINGTONASSIGNMENT&

Parade of Homes (illustrated), write Mrs.

Jeanne Beck, LDS, 6013 Leewood Dr., Alex., Va.

703971-1884.

Or contact Mrs. Jeanne Beck

P.O. Box 158 Illustrated by Stephen Conover

McLEAN, Va.

Properties, Inc. 22101

84 Improvement Era Today's Family

By Florence B. PinnockHabits

No one in this world is perfect, so the daily chaland leans back and enjoys her children and grandlenge is to work toward being something much better children.

than we are now. Mother business fills our every 5. Expecting too much of a young child; he is not a

moment. In all this doing there is a way for each tiny adult.

one of us to improve. The following paragraphs are A child should not be expected to act like an adult.

aimed at all women who answer to the title of Experiences influence actions, and as a child is gath- "Mother."ering his experiences, he must be expected only to act

his age. A child can lose all confidence in himself

1. Forgetting that she is a person, a very special perif his mother is constantly expecting the impossible.

son, in her own right. 6. Getting too involved outside the home.

A mother sometimes so completely forgets herself When a mother becomes too involved outside the in the everyday struggle of living and doing for her home, the costs are high. Children need the security

family that she is forgotten by them. She becomes of a mother who is constantly caring. This feeling of

someone taken for granted; she is not really seen or family unity and security comes in direct proportion

heard or felt or considered—she becomes just a habit. to the amount of attention and thought and love a

Her very constancy makes her obscure; her willingmother spends on her family. Spreading a mother too

ness to serve makes her invisible. Living and giving thin can bring disastrous results.

is a twoway street. She should not take from her 7. Not making clearly defined footprints for her

family their privilege of doing for her. A person is children to follow. )

more respected if she respects herself. And a mother A mother's example is powerful. How she acts and

must find time to discover and maintain her selfreacts casts a constant shadow over her children.

respect, to be a very special person in her own right. They need a definite pattern set for them. Like

2. Forgetting that she is a wife. mother, like child: what a responsibility this is for

Some women are wives just until their first baby is a mother.

born. Then the mother instinct completely takes over 8. Not teaching her daughters and sons to be ladies

and the husband, if he is to get any attention at all, and gentlemen.

has to be satisfied with being mothered. When she Kindness, graciousness, courtesy, politeness, and

does this, she does herself a great injustice, because refinement must radiate from the mother if her being a wife and a sweetheart to her husband is one children are to act like ladies and gentlemen. If a

of the greatest privileges and joys in life. A husband mother is a lady at all times, her daughter will be a

needs a wife as much as children need a mother, lady also, and her sons will learn how to treat a lady and a woman can successfully be both. and will always be gentlemen.

3. Tying apron strings too tight. 9. Losing her sense of humor.

Some women tie hard knots, and their children's A mother is the balance wheel of the home, and her lives are made an extension of their own. A woman's lilt must always be felt. In the rush of everyday

responsibility is to mother—not smother—her children. living a tenseness can be generated, and a mother

4. Living for, instead of with, her children. can lose her sense of humor. She is the weatherParents do not own their sons and daughters; these maker, and a sunshine and lightness should radiate

children are just given to them by Heavenly Father from her so that life will not be lived too earnestly as a loan for a very short time. It is a woman's opand the fun of just being alive will not evaporate.

portunity and duty to guide and teach her children 10. Working to the point of exhaustion.

how to grow big and strong. Each day, step by step, It is true that a mother's work is never done, but

she teaches them to walk; she cannot walk for them. an exhausted mother is almost worthless. Drudgery

From the time a child is born, it is the mother's job is not a pretty word, and if a mother slaves her life to help him to become independent. How proud a away, it becomes ugly. Such words as organization,

mother has a right to be when she sees her children love, lilt, humor, and togetherness wash away this become independent, honest, kind adults, ready in drudgery. Think through each of these words, then

their own lives to start this family circle all over again. try to apply them every day. If this is done, life can

When this time arrives, a mother takes a deep breath be beautiful and a mother wonderful.

April 1969 85 Look who's staying Today's Family up Nights continued these Days!

HighAltitude Recipes

Highaltitude baking adds to the ing, then spoon the sifted flour problems of the cook. A person lightly into the measuring cup and

who is familiar with cooking at sea level it off with a spatula. Always

level may find that many of her measure liquids by placing the cup baking recipes result in disaster at on a level surface. Use double-

5,000 feet. She puzzles as her acting baking powder. Fill cake

beautiful pound cake rises too pans only half full; at high altimuch and then bubbles and falls. tudes the batter has been known

The trial and error method is time to overflow. For best results when

7002 ambitious andgratefulmoneyto theconsuming.research Wekitchensare makingshould becandy,loweredthe2 temperaturedegrees for

feet of elevation above people like you today for their knowledge. each 1,000

Most standard recipes are formusea level.

are their using who nights to make lated for use at sea level, and ad- A girl who moved from her home their days profitable. more

justments must be made from 3,000 in the mountains to sea level to

You, too, can further your education and attain greater enjoyment feet up in altitude. keep house for her student husin life by attending BYU evening It has been discovered that the band became disappointed in her

classes. Why not spend a few of higher the altitude, the less leavenbaking. Her mountainbred recipes

your nights these days at BYU? ing agent is needed. From sea just didn't work. So her problem

level to 3,000 feet recipes seem to was to change her recipes in reBYU EVENING be7,000standardized,feet the butleaveningabove thisagentto verse.sugar, andMorelessbakingliquid powder,were needed.more

for every teaspoon of bakoven temperature 25 degrees. With CLASSES shouldteaspoonbe decreased from % to % She also learned to turn down the

DID YOU KNOW? 468 classes ing powder in the recipe. The sugar a little practice she did all this, and

are offered in 50 different departments. Students 49 in the recipe must also be reduced soon her cakes were light and fluffy from

differentBYU Eveningcitiesclasses.in Utah attend from 1 to 4 tablespoons for each as ever.

cup in the recipe, for altitudes of

CLIP AND 3,000 feet to 7,000 feet. However, HighAltitude Recipes

MAIL in the increase there should an be

Cookies Banoat water liquid used. each For cup of EVENING /TODAY!BYU '/ CLASSES (yields 3i to 4 dozen cookies) recipes, liquid in standard or other Room 225 HRCB

Brigham Young University add from 1 to 4 tablespoons more iy2 cups sifted flour Provo, Utah 84601 1 cup sugar increases. liquid, altitude as the Please following: the send baking soda teaspoon V2

Kit Registerby-Mail also salt 1 must temperature teaspoon baking The

Complete School Schedule Summer teaspoon nutmeg include Please on your me altitudes. at higher increased permanent be

list. teaspoon cinnamon mailing %*4

feet increase shortening cup 3,000 Above

Name the oven %1 wellbeaten egg, 25 degrees. temperature about ripe bananas / mashed 1 cup Address

in rolled oats quick your measurecup Be accurate l 3/4 / \ City nuts cup chopped 2/3 calls for recipe ments.. State- / When the Zip 1 vanilla teaspoon

sifted flour, sift it before measury2 teaspoon lemon extract

SUMMER REGISTRATION JUNE 16... register by mail or in person

86 Improvement Era Just Approved!

Electric Heating

Blend ingredients. the drySift together Costs Reduced 20% in oats, BYD SUMMER banana, egg, shortening,in thenuts, andflavorings. Beat until thorTotal Electric Homes

by teaspoonfuls Drop blended.oughly IN LONDON onto cookie TERM apart inches Now, more than ever before, you canabout iy2

sheets. Bake at 400 F. until golden June25August4, 1969 enjoy the many wonderful advantages

take about This willbrown. 12 minof fiameless electric heating. immediately. pan fromutes. Remove

rates electric 1, Beginning January ty uSEJ-'former below reduced 20% have been Cake Brigham FudgeBest *F"L$JomHRCB P02 84601 electric Utah total homes. for rates Provo. your on butter soft 24 cup additional details send sugar cups AllElectric Can Qualify Every Home1%

eggs 2 vanilla New homes built to total electric 1 teaspoon 2 1-ounce squares unsweetened standards as well as older homes conchocolate, melted verted to allelectric automatically 2y2 cups sifted cake flour qualify for the new low rate of 1.1$

iyA teaspoons soda per kwh for electric heating and y3 teaspoon salt cooling.

1*4 cups ice water Travel Information Study for Call Today Another More eggs, sugar, butter, the togetherCream "first"emphasizing free for informatoday write or Phone This fluffy. till 'light and vanillaand

history, the literature, elecelectric bringing an heat to with tion about minutes 5will take about tric beater. Blend in the melted and drama of your home. For prompt attention,

in soda, flour, the England Sift the together (chocolate. # Light Co. and Power Utah phone &

altermixture first the to salt; setting add originaland write: specialist. for heating ask Or after well water. Beat ice the with nately for $984. Pizza R. M. 9-inchlayer in two Bake addition.each

Dept. Marketing Sales and 9x13x2. pan dripper in a at or pans Spend a weekendcake six hours Earn semester

Light Company Power Utah & inmin- Stratfordon-Avon or in F. of classes credit 40 about 30 for 350 BYU atBake

841 City, 10 at Utah Salt Lake P. cluding performances 899, O. Box at the conducted new and oven from until Remove done.utes the Royal Shakespeare of University the campus from remove then minutes; set for 10 is obligation, Theatre. There no of Surrey.

frosting. before completely cool and pan

Visit EngScotland and Paris the and ChaTour It's It's Electric, Better Because Distland's Lake famous France. of teau Country

Favorite Quick Cake rict. UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

4 eggs 2 cups sugar minus 2 tablespoons milk, scalded 1 cup butter, melted COX'S DELICOUS 1 tablespoon 2 cups cake flour powder baking teaspoons 2 CreamedHomy salt 14 teaspoon of the best in the U.S. lemon extract one or 1 teaspoon vanilla

SPECIALTY A BOXES 1 cup add eggs; whole the Beat quality its flavor for and of famousGIFT the of rest the beat. Add sugar, and

for (Write the with milk scalded the sugar, then Brochure) Free the well, add then butter. Beat melted MrYj ji j FARMS HONEY COX beat all and at once ingredients dry Shelley, Idaho 83274

F. 350 Use at in layers again. 3 Bake

a rotary or electric beater at all times.

Salted Peanut Cookies (makes about 10 dozen) PARENTS

1 cup shortening brown sugar HELP! 1 cup

insurance man your is when granulated sugar This 1 cup for you. To make to work has to go 2 eggs

he's will, sure now make he sure flour 2 cups sifted 32this amazing See 'how agent. insurance independent an 1 soda teaspoon to key the holds book page

first is when serve to you job His a parent. as success 1 powder baking teaspoon... your greatest

of in children habits of harmful indecauses We're remove to the help most. way Points need you salt teaspoon y2 helping while obedience cheerful If prompt, want all you ages. Call us any time. agents. pendent vanilla 1 tablespoon now. Booklet for Free send in every way advance child—your

2 cups oatmeal Parents Aiidciatiw, Dpt, 1974, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 453S9.

1 cup corn flakes 1 cup salted peanuts Milk to moisten so batter will mound

Cream the shortening and sugar; then

beat in the eggs one at a time.

Sift ingredients and add. the dry

Spoon of ingredients. Then HEBER J. GRANT & CO. ck/vw/njiA the balance add

into small mounds on cookie sheet and General Agents, Salt Lake City JEWELRY CO.

flatten with a'fork. Bake at 350 F. 4 2 W E S T 2 N D. S O U T H DA 2-1039

(Spanish peanuts, brown skins and all, SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH should be used whole.) O

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

April 1969 87 Era to me. It is the Era which has just have one little story to tell you about

strengthened my testimony of the LDS myself. While here in Vietnam, I've

Buffs Churchover here.and Beinghelped fromme livea nonMormonits teachings longedcouldn't, to andtalkso tofromsomehomeMormonsI got butthe

in a has and for zone war F. hard is a made it was McConkie, Joseph He who and Rebuffs family, out of touch with other Mormons, address of a Mormon chaplain over here.

to I interest, stray so not or lose R. son and [of of Brace the First me McConkie

just can't thank your magazine enough. Council of the Seventy]. It was wonder-

"Beginnings of an Artist"In two weeks I'm leaving Vietnam for ful to receive his letters of encouragement

Australia. Already I know that I want to and advice, but I still longed for a talk

Your recognition of a young Latterday be baptized into the Church as soon after with someone of your church. The

Saint sculptor in the pages and on the arriving home as possible. My wife and I chance came, and rather surprisingly.

cover of your February issue is highly were married just before I left for Viet- I contracted malaria in the jungle and commendable. Please don't let it stop nam, but even though I'm still a nonwas taken to the Australian hospital in

there. There must be many others of our member, we are more than ever looking Vung Tau. It was full up, though, and

people doing highly creative work in all forward to and planning for our trip to so I was taken over to the American hosfields. Though you may not be able to the New Zealand Temple next year. pital ( 36th Evacuation Hospital ) and put

give them all cover treatment, at least I'm a "not so good"letter writer, but in Ward 7. I was not feeling the best,

give them an opportunity for recognition among our own members. This has not

been done enough in the past, and as a result, creative endeavor has become something to which we only pay lip service.

Le Roy E:. Whitehead

Calgary, Alberta, Canada Richard L. Evans

fine section the youThank very much for

Artist."It The Spoken Word of Beginnings anon "The

added greatly to my usual enjoyment and appreciation of your fine magazine.

Tom Draper // Helaman Halls reason to respect ourselves.. Brigham Young University

Provo, Utah I would like to tell you how much I best way to study human nature,"said Tom Masson, 'is when the sculpenjoyed the articles on Mormon T'henobody else is present."We often ask why other men don't do

tor. sculptures good, His were very and

I especially enjoyed his poetry. I hope better than they do, why others don't do something about whatyou'll continue to print this type of ever is wrong. And yet, an honest searching of ourselves will help us

material.

Audrey M. Godfrey know why the whole of mankind is as it is. We have aspirations, ideals,

Tempe, Arizona great expectations, along with human weaknesses; failures in perforThe cover indicates keen alertness to mance; sometimes unkindness, not doing always, or often, as well or

reader interest, particularly for the young nobly as we could. To cite a whimsical observation: "Folk should

you'll spirit facein of all ages. I'm sure

it. always be sincere,"it says, "whether they mean it or not!"1 Men are criticism, about but don't worrysome

It was excellent, and you are to be conan intermixture of the human and divine, with forces of the better gratulated.

Also, the fullpage, wholesome, color struggling always with temptation and enticement—sometimes conphotographs of teenage girls in the Janquering, sometimes giving ground, often rationalizing, often expecting

refreshinguary issue were and made more of others than we are willing to do ourselves; often criticizing space. valuable use ofsuperb

We need more of this sort of editing. others'mistakes while excusing our own—and yet, not altogether, for

It interest will reader encourage among really children, count against all this there is an earnest urge and effort to do and to be better. wonderfulour who

most. And the greatest conquest is the conquest closest to us. The greatest

B. Christenson Sheldon compliment is to have reason sincerely to respect ourselves, and to

City, Salt Lake Utah deserve and to have the respect of those who know us best—those

An Australian Serviceman Writes we love and live with. The distant image is less sure—what others say

I am not sure just how to go about writof us, believe of us. And still less certain is the reputation sometimes

ing this letter, but my main wish is to deliberately made to order for a particular purpose. The image that is

thank you for this wonderful magazine you put out. I am an Australian infantry glamorized and gilded may not be accepted by those who have known

soldier here in Vietnam, and The Imand seen within our inner circle. "Search thine own heart,"said John

to a great help has beenprovement Era in in Whittier. thyself be. Greenleaf others paineth thee "What may I in a ways. nonMormon, am manyme

2 to further knowleager very All I'mbut all flesh dust is frail, that true seek."is weak. dost my thou Be thou man

to church and of youredge come into "The best way to study human nature is when nobody else is present."contact it. This has with been moremore

than slightly hindered by my tour of 'Author unknown.

duty here in Vietnam, as we have no 2)ohn Greenleaf Whittier, "The Chapel of the Hermits."

Mormon chaplains, and I have no Mormon soldiers in my unit. My wife has a

strong testimony of your church and is a *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, premember, and she is able to pass on each sented over KSt and the Columbia Broadcasting System February 16, 1969. Copyright 1969.

88 Improvement Era Mrs. America saysbut was overjoyed to find out that in SAFE.

Ward 8 every Sunday morning an LDS service was held. I attended and found

the service something wonderful, something I'd prayed for since arriving here. CLEAN

I've not been able to attend a meeting since, but that one meeting was a memory that has stayed with me. I like to think that getting malaria and FAST.

finally being treated in Ward 7 of an

American hospital, next to the ward (of meetin which hospital) LDS that same or THAT'S COOKING Lord's doing the ings held, was were way of showing me a sign, and not a coincidence. That is how I shall always

believe, anyway. I hope I haven't taken up too much of WITH

your time and bored you, but I just couldn't help myself. I wished to thank QAS

you for your magazine, and in this way, because I know the LDS Church is true, talk to someone of my feelings.

Cheerio for now and God bless.

Reg Yates Australian Army FUEL Vietnam MOUNTAIN Paper for the Book of Mormon SUPPLY COMPANY

It was interesting for our family to read -NaCuA/d Gad SeAvice,- of Mormon for the Book Paper "Writing concerning [February], Jor For TOTAL comfort and convenience Manuscript"seph Knight's furnishing supplies and it's natural GAS, the modern energy fuel.

paper to Joseph Smith when he was translating the Book of Mormon. It was just

before Christmas that we learned that nine generations in the Church in our family are descended from Joseph Knight:

Joseph Knight, Sr., and Polly Beck, Anna

Knight and Freeborne DeMille, Maria

DeMille and Daniel Buckley Funk, Ezra

Knight Funk and Mary Amanda Henrie,

Myra L. Funk and Joseph Hansen, Henry

Petersen, Adrian and Daniel Hansen

A. Louise Lyman, and Edwin Hansen EdYear's Foodplus taxSupplyon Utah sales $119.95

III Morriand Pamela Leo Lyman ward son, Edward Leo Lyman IV.

Henry D. Hansen

Delta, Utah

Church in Alaska

Just a note to tell you how much I enjoyed the article about the Church in value) (Introductory $139.95 I've visited only Alaska Alaska [January]. offer—reg.

the nutritional needs of one person for one to fill Everything necessary felt five years the once, about ago, but spirit among the people that you defull year or a family of 4-6 three months.

visit well. scribed so That whetted my storage life to Store Easy No refrigeration——Long

for appetite of of the background more Size cans Prepacked 11 Same Cases #10 the Church activity there, and I was 4 Fruits, 6 Grains, 4 Protein Foods, 8 Vegetables plus Juices and Desserts happy to satisfy it through your article. (low moisture foods)

Dr. Oliver R. Smith $119.95 is an introductory price good only with this coupon. Pick up in

Department of Communications Salt Lake City or we will ship freight collect. Gross shipping wt. 365 lbs.

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

"... so mindstretching"

me: PERMAPAKPlease send

I articles enjoyed the have Nibley by Dr.

Year's Food Supply @ $119.95 each (plus tax on Utah sales). of ["A at the Pearl Great Look New

Price,"begun in January 1968] very My check/moneyorder is enclosed.

much. Besides dealing with an interestSample Year's Food Supply Kit—7 Foods, ample for 4 servings

ing subject, the series that has a quality each—$2.95

is mindstretching. like to see I would Free Food Storage Plan CATALOG

articles of similar quality dealing with Free Survival Kit and Camping INFORMATION the work of the New World ArchaeoFree Group Discounts/FundRaising Plan INFORMATION logical Foundation.

Carolyn L. Wright Name --- West Linn, Oregon Address.——

City State... Zip.

#40 East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115—Ph. (801) 4869671

April 1969 subjects."Two bills are currently beTucson North Stake, the 477th now

fore the Utah Legislature, now in functioning in the Church, was orgaThe Church session. nized from portions of Tucson (Arizona)

Stake by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Moves On

yj Baton Rouge (Louisiana) Stake was Council of the Twelve and Elder Eldred organized from portions of New Or- G. Smith, Patriarch to the Church, with

leans Stake with Harmon Cutler as Don H. Peterson sustained as president

president and Albert L. Millet and Larry and John N. Velluti and Jerry T. Tim-

G. Eitel, Jr., as counselors. The stake, mons as counselors.

the 476th in the Church, was organized New stake presidency: Arthur W.

January 1969 by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the CounElrey, Jr., and counselors, Abraham V.

cil of the Twelve and Elder Boyd K. Busby and Fletcher F. Acron, Tucson

New Zealand North Stake, the fifth Packer, Assistant to the Twelve. (Arizona) Stake.

to be created in the New Zealand MisNew stake presidencies: President

sion and the 475th stake now in the Melvin L. Gruwell and counselors Webb DJ The Serviceman's Committee has

Church, was organized by Elder Howard D. Evans and William H. Sullwold, New been redesignated as the Military Rela-

W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve Orleans Stake; President Donald R. tions Committee, and new responsibiliand Bishop Robert L. Simpson of the Curtis and counselors Earl R. Olsen and ties have been outlined for ward, stake,

Presiding Bishopric. Stanley J. Hay was Wesley R. Law, Emery (Utah) Stake. and regional handling of militaryrelated

sustained as stake president, with matters. Elder Harold B. Lee of the

Walter R. Fell and M. Nitama Paewai LU Funds to study the Mormon Trail Council of the Twelve is now chairman

as counselors. from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City for posof this committee, with Elders Mark E.

New stake presidencies: President sible inclusion in the National Scenic Petersen and Gordon B. Hinckley of the

Merrill Bickmore and counselors SterTrails System authorized by Congress Council of the Twelve and Elder Boyd ling E. Otteson and Kent D. Broadbent, last year were requested by the Bureau K. Packer, Assistant to the Twelve, as

Torrance (California) Stake; President of Outdoor Recreation in its fiscal 1970 members.

Fred C. Adams and counselors Joseph budget today. The appointment of Kay A. Schwendi-

W. Cook and Wade H. Redding, Rialto man as a Regional Representative of

(California) Stake; President Dean M. February 1969 the Twelve was announced. He is to

Lloyd and counselors Bud H. Hinckley serve with the leadership of the ServiceRecent devastating storms of men's StakeEurope and on other matand Lewis D. Farnsworth, Pocatello U

(Idaho) Stake. Southern California have affected many ters in cooperation with the Military

members of the Church. "They have Relations Committee. There are now

lh Elder Dennis Wright, 22, Olympia, been evacuated but they are being 72 Regional Representatives of the

Washington, serving in the French Mis cared for locally. Our storehouses in Twelve.

sion, was killed as he pushed his bicycle the area are meeting the needs. Memacross a railroad grade crossing. bers have opened their homes to New stake presidency: President

It was announced that some 2,059,- families affected by the rain, mud, and Glen E. Kraft and counselors James R.

277 visitors had come to Temple flood,"reported Elder Henry D. Taylor, Nielsen and Terry A. Barker, Kearns

Square in Salt Lake City during 1968. Assistant to the Twelve and managing (Utah) Stake.

A total of nearly four million people visdirector of the Church Welfare Proited the 30 visitors centers located at gram. There has been no reported CD 'America's Manpower Begins With

various temples and historic sites of damage to Church buildings. Boypower"was the theme of the fiftieth

the Church. Of these, an estimated February marks the annual Primary annual Scouters'convention in the Salt

2,867,982 were not members of the Children's Hospital Penny Drive, in Lake Tabernacle. The most Silver

Church. which members of the Church are Beaver awards—27—ever given by the

asked to be generous and overaged, in Great Salt Lake Council of Boy Scouts 'We have given careful consideragiving two cents for every year of their of America were presented.

tion to the question of proposed laws age.

on abortion and sterilization,"said the Brigham Young University is the

First Presidency today. "We are opThis was designated as Scout Suntwenty-fifth largest university in the

posed to any modification, expansion, day in many of the wards and branches United States, and the only churchor liberalization of laws on these vital in the United States. related one among the 25, on the basis

90 Improvement Era It's about to be

according fulltime enrollment,of to? Shelf"Sufficient NaResearch, Office of Institutionalthe

tional Association of State and LandGrant Colleges. The report lists the

State University of New York as the TOO BUSY TO PLAN AND IMPLEMENT A FOOD RESERVE?

largest with 159,151 fulltime students,

Let us remove the mystery, confusion and guess work with well organized followed by California State Colleges.

answers to:

143,043; University of California (all

campuses), 92,090; City University of

Finest quality mealsas-usual.New York, 71,828; Wisconsin State WHAT:

University System, 51,619; and UniConvenient Technogenic storage cans with a Stabilized Storage Atmosphereversity of Minnesota, 47,534. HOW that provide maximum shelflife.

Servings suggested were carefully developed in actual feeding trials and HOW received, N. President Eldon TannerEa P U

in a George Church, behalf of the M. Board,fc, "ow Nationaltne daily Researchdietary allowancesCouncil. recommended by the Food and Nutrition IIU U WashMm

ington Honor Medal from Freedoms

Foundation in ceremonies at Valley Menus & recipes use the balanced nutritional foods provided to give the to appetite avoid variety fatigue (not just wheat, beans & rice) for neededForge, Pennsylvania. The award was preUSE:

children. and small even babies young

sented in recognition of the Church's erection of a 100foot flagpole and This food reserve was planned for

WRITE FOR DETAILS NOW! you who are too busy to do it yourfour accompanying stone panels on self. And all for less than.18* per

Temple Square with inscriptions perperson per meal.

taining to government, liberty, and the SAMANDY, INC.

DIVISION FAMILY RESERVE law. At the same time KSLTV and 136 BEAUMONT, CALIFORNIA 92223 EAST 6TH STREET

KBYUTV received an award for the television program "America, America,"an Independence Day musical featuring the Tabernacle Choir.

It was announced that John E. Carr

has been appointed director of the

Translations Services Department for the Church, succeeding J. Thomas

Fyans. Four divisions dealing with the

translation and distribution of Church manuals and supplies throughout the world are under his direction. Richard

G. Scott is manager of central purchasing and distribution of Englishlanguage

material. Grant M. Burbidge is manager

of translation and distribution for languages of the Americas. DeMonte W. You can now call Long Distance outof-state for

Coombs is manager of Pacific area $1* or less on week nights starting at 7. That's

translation and distribution, serving the! Come join the movement to 7South Pacific and Orient. The manager one hour earlier

of the European section has not yet Interstate call, three minutes, station -to -station, to anywhere in been announced. tfi* Continental U, S, except Alaska

MS* Brigham Young Monument at Mountain States Telephone

South Temple and Main streets, Salt

Lake City, will be lighted at night as a

this VACATION result of reached an agreement of copies Protect your IN UINTAS THE The Improvement city officials the and betweenmorning horses. motors, canoes, Boats,

binder Era an—Era$2.50 pick to over and Pack in up serviceChurch. office at our from 70 lakes. withOrder

at fishing's great The Street State South 79

SPIRIT LAKE N. Putnam, Write Stephen 5718 S. 625 E. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Murray, Utah 84107 April 1969 91 FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

"CORONA"GRAIN MILL

for use with wheat, corn, nuts, etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarsegrinding. New 1 CTSP The Spoken Word

model mill with finer platesgrinding $10.95 Richard L. Evans

postpaid. East of

Rockies add $1.00

postage. Finer grinding

1 for oldplates C The beauty of good beginnings setmill postpaid. $1.95

Add 3V2% sales tax in Utah.

prices to quantity"Special"that us Phillips Brooks, said "which tells instinct/'is a human church groups. There GROUND SIZE STONE is HOME... it is no a great continuousness have while meant to our life,

FLOUR MILLS less meant to be full of new starts.... It is the same life from its

beginning to its end,... yet forever is... refreshing its forces.... It

loves to turn sharp corners into unseen ways [and] start out with the new birth of a new resolution.... In many ways there is a sense of stir

and start about us.... It is wonderful how ingenious men will be in

making artificial nw starts in their lives.... It is sad indeed when any

man comes to that state in which each new day does not seem in some true sense to begin the world anew, recalling every departed hope and brightening every faded color of the night before.... He must be dull

who does not feel... the beauty of beginnings,... the newness of

each new day,... [which] keeps [us] from degenerating into [monotony and] mechanical routine...."x "Look over the world,"said CarGrind your own flour!... Eat your lyle. "Is it not wonderful,... if your eyes were open! This Earth, God

All with health an better to way Grain made it for you; appointed paths in it; you can live in it; go to and prices! at low mill. flour new Now

Free Corona mill with every AllGrain fro on it."2 "O my young friends, the world is beautiful and... life

mill sold. Write now for more inforis full of promise."1 Each new day is a blessing; each hour is an oppormation.

tunity. Work at it, learn from it, enjoy it, improve it, repent, improve

Send orders to: yourselves, respect and live by law and by Godgiven, timeproved

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. principles. Thank God that there is purpose, that there is plan, that

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 there is order and design and wisdom overall, and that we have another

day, another hour, another chance, another season to shape ourselves.

Before us all there is always the new beginning, and also the endlessLooking for a Publisher! ness of everlasting life "that never need be stale to any of us."1 Thank

for the religious books We publish fields that and God for the beauty of good beginningsand that there is no one who the exacting meet academic special of scholarship. Our demands for cannot improve upon the past. reserved imprint, Testament Books is

deserving works of scholarship in the religious field.

fiction with Years of experience and 2ThomasPhillips Brooks,Carlyle. "New"LecturesStartsoninHeroes,"Life."Lecture 2. interest general (fields of nonfiction

texts, religion}, biogAmericana, and Square, Temple from Word"*"The Spoken works, raphies, scholarly poetry Copyright 5, 1969. January System and presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting to that publish us essays, enable books

are expertly edited, designed and pro1969.

moted.

Your inquiries and manuscripts are invited. An editorial report furnished

without obligation.

FREE: Two fartfilled, illustrated brochures explain the behindthe-scenes

publishing, describe story of our first Perhaps Perhaps an eye with vision edition plan, a breakdown and present of contract terms and typical costs. Would have discerned the strain

Please write to Dept. SOD By Mary B. Wall That gripped the stricken youth

EXPOSITION PRESS In tentacles of pain.

50 Jericho Tnpk, Jericho, N.Y. 11753

Perhaps a heart more loving Perhaps a hand more helpful

Would have observed the cloud Would have sensed the precipice

That darkly threatened ruin And reached to halt the plunge

To one so young and proud. Into the black abyss.

WARNER REALTY CO.

Walking Distance From Temple Square 527 Phillips Petroleum Bldg.

68 So. Main St. SLC, Ut. 3554464

92 Improvement Era The Nixon Approach to National Administration

Illustrated by Don Young

By Dr. G. Homer Durham President, Arizona State University at Tempe

Richard M. Nixon became the eight years as the VicePresident

thirtyseventh President of the (195361), previous experience in

United States of America on Janthe House of Representatives and uary 20, 1969. His first press the Senate, world travel, study,

conference, a few days later, preparation, and eight years of brought warm praise from assemthoughtful reflection (196169) bled correspondents. The new have been in evidence.

executive appeared to be calm, In addition to the sure, firm sure of himself, and steady at the touch, what else appears to charhelm, and displayed a sense of acterize the new administration?

humor previously unnoticed. Each President's administration,

A few evenings later I had the from George Washington through privilege of attending a small dinLyndon Baines Johnson, has ner in Washington, D.C., with a given rise to its own distinctive

new Cabinet officer, head of one form, flavor, and character—beof the large departments, who was yond the personality of the Chief

the guest of honor. The new secExecutive himself, of the First

retary had recently come from Lady, of the VicePresident, of the campus life to the government. He Cabinet officers and their families.

remarked that although he had Following are some major charbeen ratified by the Senate, sworn acteristics that seem to be evident:

in, and was fully occupied with the President Nixon seems to have challenge of the great department, grasped the major importance of he was still getting accustomed to the American presidency today the idea that he was now in the as a policymaking organ, which it

Cabinet. has always been. But today's

"But,"he remarked, "let there presidency has become one of be no mistake about Mr. Nixon. the major policyorgans in the

He has been President, and in world. This is true not only for

command of the situation, from domestic affairs, but also for the moment he took the oath of world affairs.

office."The American people have

The remark was a sincere tended to think of the presidency tribute from the new officer, who, as an executive and administrative familiar with the burdens of organ, not as a policymaking administrative life, immediately body. Mr. Nixon is making the

sensed the skill and leadership of political science lesson clear, howthe new president. Mr. Nixon's ever, that the presidency is (as

April 1969 WEBER

Woodrow Wilson hinted) also the But Mr. Nixon seems to have had STATE chief legislator, the chief policysomething more in mind, namely,

maker for the nation. The clear utilization of this capability in COLLEGE recognition and acceptance of this group policymaking and in the

an appropricoordination of departmental efAn Ideal Environment role by Mr. Nixon—in

ate constitutional sense, to be forts. Thus, a new style and patOf Scenic Beauty and

Urban Living sure,less—maybut acceptancewell mark theneverthemost ternThatemerges.new style and pattern, thus

45 different courses fundamental pattern of his adminfar, seems to revolve around three leading to Bachelor istration. He will have to deal major policy areas: (1) national

Degrees, also Prewith Congress, of course. And he security and international affairs,

Professional Courses has begun this relationship with (2) the urban crisis and its domesthe morning breakfasts with Senatic correlatives, and (3) longSUMMER REGISTRATION tor Everett Dirksen and Represenrange economic policy.

JUNE 16 tative Gerald Ford, Republican The National Security Council party leaders of the two houses; received a statutory base in the

Special Summer Events: and, more importantly, by means National Defense Act of 1947.

Language Arts of regular conferences with the Presidents Truman and EisenWorkshop June 9-13 leaders of the Democratic party hower used it extensively. PresiMusic Workshop majorities of both houses. dents Kennedy and Johnson

June 1828 Notwithstanding the essential preferred to utilize other means, value of the presidentialcongres- essentially White House specialists

Forensic Workshop sional relationships and roles, and special selected officers in the

July 7-25 these are old patterns. There are administration, such as the Secrenew patterns that disclose the taries of State and Defense. The

Nixon style as chief policymaker purpose of the NSC, as created in for the nation. These patterns 1947, was to harmonize foreign

evolve quite naturally from his policy, military strength, experiexperience in the National Seence, and commitments, with IMPORTANT!

curity Council, 195361, under economic and national secuTAKE ANOTHER LOOK President Eisenhower, and the rity considerations. Representation

of Joint Chiefs Staff as from the of this application experience to AT THE well provided. as civilians problems. today's was pressing

INSIDE BACK COVER The President's Cabinet, as a President Nixon has announced

OF YOUR group and as individuals, can his decision to use this machinery.

has, has front he On the domestic anything—and

Affairs reestablished an Urban The first JANUARY '69 ERA meanin Americanalmost history.

You'll Like What You See ception to Mr. Nixon's Cabinet Council, involving among others

ALSO appointees was agreeable and the Secretaries of Housing and

For the finest in flannelboard positive. "Competence, ability, Urban Affairs, Transportation,

and felt teaching aids capability"were the words used to Health, Education and Welfare,

Call or Write describe his Cabinet choices. The and Agriculture. This will actively

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATIONS public seemed assured of capable involve such men as Secretaries leadership and sound manageRomney, Finch, Volpe, Hardin, 1G3 East Vine Street Murray, Utah

Phone (801) 262543G 84107 ment at the head of the great and others, just as the Secretaries administrative departments. Mr. of State, Defense, and others are

Nixon's declaration that these used in the National Security officers were to choose their own Council.

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS assistant secretaries and major The Council of Economic AdAids in treatment of simple sore subordinates (with his approval) visers, a professional body of throat and other minor mouth and forecast energy, vitality, and reeconomists, was created by the throat irritations. sponsibility for getting work done. Employment Act of 1946. This

This forecast will no doubt result. professional group continues. But

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

94 Improvement Era Choose from our complete selection of L.D.S. books

and Genealogy supplies Presidentlished—usingNixon,menhasof Cabinetalso estabrank

from Treasury, Agriculture, ComThe Way to Peacemerce, and othersi—a longrange by Mark E. Petersen, 3.95

council for viewing economic policy and goals. Comeservice.in, Addor usenewourreadingconvenientinterestshoppingto your

These three major councils, adlibrary now with The Way to Peace, an indressing themselves to the great Mormonspired moderndayDoctrine, by guide.Bruce R. AlsoMcConkie,available:6.95

issues of international and naGod, Man and The Universe, Vol. 1 of the

tional life, clearly mark the effort ofseries.Christ,FoundationsHyrum L. ofAndrus,the Millennial5.95 Kingdom

of the new American President to

FOURTH FLOOR BOOKSfunction more effectively in the policy as well as the administrative field. If these organizations

are used, they may well come to characterize the style of the Nixon administration, as the Sherman State and Broadway, Box 1465, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10Adams-White House staffing pattern characterized the Eisenhower approach to the presidency, and CHAIRS CHURCH/SCHOOL FURN. A FUN WAYthe "little State Department"and TABLES StackingFolding ChairsChairs & Tablesother White House specialists of < BlackboardsLecterns r. TOGO

the KennedyJohnson years. PresiHat & Coat Racks ALASKA, HAWAII, MEXICO, TEMPLE TOUR, PORTLAND ROSE,dent Nixon will have his White Immediate Delivery/ PAGNORTHWEST, PALMYRA

House specialists, too. Mr. KisWrite for I AFRICA, CENEANT, EUROPE,

singer and Mr. Moynihan, for exTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICA,ample, will relate, respectively, to Adirondack ORIENT, WEEKEND TOURS OF CATALOG etc. UTAH, affairs security urbanthe and CHAIR ADIRONDACK COMPANY TRAVEL AGENCY, INC. TOURS 276-H Park Av. So., N.Y.C. 10010 CHI'S Mr.councils. presumably Burns

3221205 State Phone 179 South—Points PITTSBURGH CHICAGO—will relate to the longrange ecoShipping Salt City, Lake Utah DALLAS ANGELES ATLANTA LOS BOSTON

nomic effort.

The President is the responsible BIG INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY elected executive who must finally and Rexburg, Idaho coordinate these policyadminis- apartbeautiful College Ricks most TALL for sale. for 144tration "patterns, ments 25 apartments including the Men's women

sensitive relations with Congress. Clothing during summer—touristsstudents. Operatefromas Yellowmotel

$60,000/year. Highway. Gross stone footthis time, At a concluding

or Phone Excellent break. taxnote be added. By providing mail may orders

write: For information accepted VicePresident, Spirothe Agnew, P.O. Provo, 89, Utah 84601 Box 3597251 (801)

with an office in the executive suite (the first time in history), TALL MEN'S BIG MEN c

President Nixon is not only ex38TSizesto 54T 46Sizesto 66 HEARING AIDS atending as his Own experience DEALER 2/ also but isworking VicePresident, PRICES A3 OHUll SHOES tiny, of SELECTION Sizes 6 to 14 LARGEST willingseemingly major to make ear, allin-theear, behind the In Stock models. pocket eyeglass forgottenplace for this sometimes A-B-C-D-E-EEEEEEE Widths obliTRIAL. No FREE HOMEand

office in the dayto-day work of the tee.gation.No Moneydown payment.back guaranEasy

dealor salesmen No direct save andgovernment. Instead of a "splenDAHLE'S Thorogood Store terms.ers. Order 65%.

did misery,"as one incumbent 242 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston

described it, the vicepresidency may become a vicepresidency in FIBERGLASS Protect your copies of

The Improvement BAPTISTRIESfact. At least the symbolism is

construction. piece one with Moulded Era binder an—Era$2.50

5 sizes. Installed. Economical. Easily there. at Order our office from

hot Also, delivery. gas Prompt &

Street State 79 South spires fiberglass heaters, electric& crosses. water

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 GIANT LITTLE / 907 SEVENTH MANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. P.O. BOX 518

April 1969 95 End of an Era

Just before Easter last gathered as a family on spring our Relief Society Sunday morning to watch

Life Among divinityfilledengaged in makingchocolateand selling generalon televisionconference the covered Easter eggs as a from Salt Lake City.

Mormons building fund project. When 1 When one of the speakers

was asked to make several stated, "Man has a spark of batches of divinity, our little divinity in him,"Steven boys Scott and Steven jumped up, raised his arms high obligingly helped by licking the above his head, and beaters and bowl as each declared, "A spark of divinity?

batch was finished. Soon Man, I'm full of divinity!"

after this, we were—Doris L. Bailey, Corvallis, Oregon

Some people are easily A taxpayer sent in his He who is selfcentered entertained. All you have to report of his income on a travels in very small circles.

do is sit down and listen form 1040, his check,—T. Kirkwood Collins

to them. and the following comment

to the Internal Revenue "Did you know that Noah

At the side of a road, as a Service was the greatest financier that woman looked helplessly at a No longer does 1040 ever lived?""How do you

flat tire, a friendly motorist scare me; figure that out?""Well, he

stopped to help her. I fill it without any was able to float a company

After the tire was changed, suf f erin'when the whole world was in the woman said, "Please let I read the instructions, liquidation."

the jack down easy. My Grab hold of my pen,

husband is sleeping in the And my aspirin, myAnacin, back seat."And my Buff erin. Memo to a Tardy Waiter

Remember, sir, a service tip The teacher is like the candle Danger must be known before (Or if you like, gratuity) that lights others in consuming fear can be felt. This is illustrated Is voluntary on my part

itself. in the story of a dude ranch And not a diner's duity!

Ogutsch—Ruffini guest from Brooklyn who returned—Edith

The Holy Bible is not to his lodge after a day in the only the masterpiece of the mountains, waving a formidable Only one person in a world's literature, but it set of rattlers. Where did you thousand is a bore, and he

is also the most majestic get those rattlers?"asked an is interesting because

exposition of religion ever astonished dude wrangler. "Off'n he is one person in a

I ever saw,"thousand. given to man. the biggest woim

reply. -Sir Harold Nicolson—President Levi Edgar Young was the calm

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

96 Improvement Era Who saidBYU wasjustfor college kids?

&ra w*

Come summer, youngsters from all over... to move them now into exciting new

the nation make the summer scene at BYU. areas of personal achievement—in an unIn fact they make the place hop! Hop with excelled LDS environment.

music, with debate, with publications, and theatrical fun, with boys'sports and outAfter all, why should BYU have vacant classdoor survival adventures, with girls'perrooms, vacant living quarters all summer kidssonal development programs. while the best kids in the world—your

waiting for the summertime of their—are It's all part of BYU's Summer Youth Prolives?

grams. Programs geared to fire kids up...

to develop their esthetic and leadership By the way, what are your youngsters doing skills... to strengthen their spiritual base this summer?

Take your pick of these Fourth Annual THEATRE WORKSHOP Fourth Annual HIGH SCHOOL FORENSICS 16 18, -July (Debate (Drama)—June and Speech)—1969 WORKSHOP eight neverto-beforgotten July 21 -August 1, 1969 Fifth Annual BYU ACADEMY YOUTH youth programs summer (Personal Girls) for Twentyfifth Annual Development OF SOUNDS

at BYU: June 1627; June 30 -July 11; and SUMMER (Music Workshop)—July 28July 1218, 1969 August 9, 1969

—THINDERELLAFirst Annual BYU (PersonalYOUTH ACADEMYDevelopment ThirteenthPUBLICATIONSAnnualWORKSHOPHIGH SCHOOL(Journalism)

for 1115, 1969 Overweight 16 -July 25,—August Girls)—June Write 1969

First PATTERNS Annual OF STUDENT NEWSPECIAL COURSES AND CONFERENCES Eleventh (Leadership Workshop Annual LEADERSHIP SPORTS ADVENTURE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY FOR BOYS—June 1627 and June 30for High School Students)—August 11 -

PROVO, UTAH 84601 July 11, 1969 15, 1969

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Beneficial Life

consultants like to provide

..life insurance that grows with you

and with the needs of each member of your family.

Let us tell you soon?

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. \JcT/ Salt Lake City, Utah