lmraWVEMENT

f %

Vol. XV. NOVEMBER, 1911 No. 1

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUM,

THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

A3SOCIATIONS tANDTHE 5CHOOL'S OF THE

CHURCH OF JE3U5 CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

t \ Scenic Line of the World

THROUGH PULLMAN

- and TOURIST SLEEPERS to BEFORE THE SMOKE CLEARS AWAY DENVER On your firestricken shop, factory, ST. LOUIS

office or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No 1 long and

inunnecessary adjusting delays no CHICAGOhaggling terms; over prompt, paybut

ment of losses every time. It's to our

interestagain—weto canget youinsureset youup inagain.business For I.Folders,A. BENTON,Booklets,G. A.etc.P.addressD.,

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant &

2026 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah Go.K

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT

21, 23 and 25 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889 Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial The and Savings Bank A 01 Interest, computed semiannually, State Bank of Utah * |0 on Savings Deposits. Salt Lake City, Utah Established 1890

Commercial Banking in all its branches. Accounts of Banks and InThis Bank solicits the accounts

dividuals solicited. Customers assured of banks, firms and individuals, and

the best accommodations consistent extends to such customers every with conservative and safe banking. reasonable courtesy and facility.

Pres. Cashier S. Burton, Chas. F. Smith,Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, Joseph

Asst. Pres. Cash Anthon H. Lund, V. H,T. McEwan,

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

L. D. S. KNITTED GARMENTS

For Fall and Winter Wear COTTON GARMENTS (Postage on 52B 16c extra per garment)

Our Price $1.20

1.35No. 9B—Bleached extra quality..Our Price

No. Ill—Unbleached, fleece lined Our Price 1.15

(Postage 20c extra per pair on Nos. 57, 901, 9B, 111)

and Serviceable. Made with

double back. Our Special Sale Price $1.35

(Postage 24c extra per pair) WOOL AND COTTON GARMENTS money, 40 per cent. Wool, Strong

and durable Our Special Price $1.69

quality, 50 per cent Wool..Our Price $2.00No. 501—Extra good

comfortable, serviceable...Our Price 2.39No. 525—Warm and

Price 3.90No. 58A—Fine weave, Australian Wool Our

Cotton and Half Wool, an excellent Garment Our Special Price $3.00

(Postage 20c per pair on Nos. 500, 501, 525, 58A and 540M)

Our Price 2.79

(Postage on No. 535 24c extra)

GIVE BUST, HEIGHT AND WEIGHT, AND WE

GUARANTEE A FIT. Money refunded if not satisfied.

Always send postage with order. Samples of garment

material forwarded on request.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

PRINTING BOOK BINDING

:#<=**= *>&m<mm&mmmm&mmm&mm m*m?&mmm.m*

manufactured this number of the Era W"*|E mmm in the usual daily course of business.

in our Foundry, jg The type was made printed on one of our Optimus automatic feed printing presses, folded and bound in our Bindery.

Our plant is modern and fully competent to print and bind any book, either in plain type or colored plates, cloth, leather or paper binding.

Skelton Publishing Co.

Salt Lake City, Utah

COURT RECORDS DOCKETS

Magazine Advertising Is Most Effective Do not let interested advertising agents mislead you into believing otherwise. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Reaches more than ten thousand thrifty families in the inter-mountain region. The ERA

is read by at least 75,000 upto-date citizens, and progressive builders. If you have a

message for them, use the ERA.

Phoae 919, or write,"and our man will show you 8022 Bishops'Bldg., Salt Lake City

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

THIS BEAUTIFULBLAUiitUL rnrr SUGAR SHELL TKLL

You Pay Only the Mailing Charges—10 Cts.

We want to send you this beautiful Oxford Silver

Sugar Shell made by the Rogers Co. It is made of heavy

plate silver. The entire spoon is six inches long and beautifully carved and embossed in the new Narcissus design.

The bowl is two inches long with Narcissus embossed in the bottom. The finish of the spoon is French grey.

We guarantee this spoon to be genuine Oxford silver plate and that it will meet your highest expectations.

SEND US ONLY 10 CENTS

to pay postage and packing. When we send it to you we

will explain how you can get a Set of Six Oxford Teaspoons just like it without a cent of expense, send today—sure.

THE DESERET FARMER LEHI, UTAH

THE 191112 Y. M. M. I. A. MANUALS

In the Senior Manual for 191112, it was thought best at the last moment to provide only ten lessons.

The Stake Superintendents are therefore directed by the

General Superintendency and Board to use their own initiative to provide suitable exercises in the senior classes to take the place of the five lessons left out.

It is suggested that the Stake Boards take this matter up and arrange a general program of exercises for the wards of their respective stakes.

Reports on the success of this movement may be called for at the close of the season showing the class of work that the organizations have provided for the special lessons.

For Senior and Junior Manuals, send orders to 2022 Bishops'Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

P. S. Subscribe for the Era, $2 per annum; Manual free.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

Elder Cornelius Van der Does, Jr., writing from Grand Rapids, Michigan,

says: "I earnestly thank you for sending the ERA to the elders. It contains

many valuable articles especially interesting to the elders, besides many good words of counsel and advice from the authorities of the Church. You have

certainly converted me to the Era and I must take it when I return home."

Manuals, either Senior and Junior, for the Y. M. M. I. A. classes, and for

home reading, sent to any address for 25 cents. The Senior manual treats on

Agriculture and Public Finance, and the Junior has a hundred stories on character-building and success. Either one free with one year's subscription to

the Era for $2. Subscribe now and keep up with the new serial story, "The

Open Road."

The Priesthood Course of Study will be ready for distribution early in

December. All orders for the course sent to the Improvement Era will have

prompt attention. The Priesthood Quorums'Committee decided that the

Quorums should begin the new study January 1, but the distribution of the manuals will be made in early December, so as to get the books to all the quorums in time for the first meeting in January, 1912. Send all orders to

the Improvement Era. 2022 Bishops'Building, Salt Lake City.

To Stake Superintendents: Please check up your ward presidents and

learn if they have distributed the Senior and Junior manuals to members of their associations, also learn if the canvass has been made for subscribers for the ERA. Remember a stake superintendent's duty is to instruct, direct,

and correct and to check up his local officers to learn results. Have you

remembered that the first week in December is General Fund week? There

should be a hearty response in your stake to this requirement to pay 25c for the fund, by each member.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1911.

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second classmatter.

Joseph F. Smith, \ -p,. Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, / s Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS A Glimpse of the Great Shoshone Falls Frontispiece

A Visit to the Shoshone Falls Alfred Lambourne 3

The Open Road. Adventures II. and III.

A Story John Henry Evans 17 '. 29Little Problems of Married Life V William George Jordan

How Trouble Is Forged. A Poem Alfred Tennyson 35

Keep the Track Prof. J. C. Hogenson 36

The Biggest of California's "Giants'"Kate Thomas 38

Courage. A Poem Wm. C. Wilkinson, D. D 42

The Conquest of Aida. A Story Elizabeth Rachel Cannon 43

The Copenhagen Choir. Illustration 52

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake. IX Moroni Snow 53

Sources. A Poem Strickland W. Gillilan 57

President John Henry Smith. A Portrait 58

Activities—John Henry Smith 59

In Memoriam—John Henry Smith Louis W. Larson 60

Some Impressions of Utah Miller Purvis:.... 61

Dawn. A Poem Theo. E. Curtis 64

The Church Schools Supt. Horace H. Cummings 65

Reasons for Opposition. I Prest. Joseph F. Smith 70

Editor's Table—John Henry Smith 77

A Word to Ward Teachers Prest. Joseph F. Smith 78

Messenger to the Indians Sextus E. Johnson 79

Birthday Is Mother's Day Heber J. Grant 80

Tribute to John Henry Smith 83

Messages from the Missions 85 Priesthood Quorums'Table David O. McKay 92

Mutual Work 95 Passing Events 69, 76, 94, 96 UNDER THE WALLS OF SHOSHONE.

A GLIMPSE OF THE GREAT SHOSHONE FALLS

Vol. XV. NOVEMBER, 1911 No. 1

A Visit to the Shoshone Falls.

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE.

"Of antres vast and deserts idle,

Rough quarries, rocks, and hills whose heads touch heaven,

It was my hint to speak."Shakespeare.

"The incessant roar of headlong tumbling floods."Burns.

At the close of one August day, I stood on the bank of the

Shoshone River. Under the saffron sky of the desert twilight,

the scene before me was strangely impressive. The mellowtinted waters of the deep, wide stream were seen vanishing into

the murky distance. Along the river's edge were rounded tufts

of willows, gently swayed by the evening wind, and here and there, huge piershaped masses of lava projected into the water against which the rivereddies swashed with a heavy sound. A chain of

high hills, but low with distance, with one conical peak prominent above the rest, closed in the extended scene, and over the peak two blazing sparks of light gave grandeur to the sky, the golden orb of imperial Jupiter and that of white shining Venus, whilst lower down, bronze through the river mist, and so dim and small as almost to elude the sight, was the twinkle of slywatching, thievish

Mercury.

I was on my way to visit the great Shoshone Falls. I had

before seen other portions of the river. I had looked upon "The

Snake"from where the river began at the foot of the Tyghee Pass and a bold spur of the Rockies, in the waters of Henry Lake, until it emptied into the greater Columbia. Now I was to complete my

knowledge of the stream by seeing where it passed through the 4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Great Basaltic Gorge and where it formed that wonderful piece of scenery, the famed Shoshone Falls.

Water is the soul of a landscape. It is the element that makes

us never tire of the scenes enriched with its presence. It is the

same whether it be gliding stilly in a shady woodland stream, voicing its passion in some steep, wild torrent, or at peaceful rest in some mountainlocked lake. I well remember a favorite pastime

tinged with something akin toof my boyhood days—a pastime

the explorer's I loved to wander along by the side of zeal—when

our village watercourse and to see in the rocks and bushes along its edge the scenery of some mighty river; to imagine its verdant

thickets the solitude of a primeval forest; to see in the quiet

slipping of the water between banks of a few feet in height, the passage of the river through rugged hills; and, in the pleasing

delusions of a day dream, to convert the gentle dimples and the miniature cascades, as they played among the mossy stones at the dippingplace, into impetuous rapids and white, tumbling falls.

No wonder, then,with such predilections, that I should now feel more than an ordinary pleasure in a pilgrimage to the Shoshone

Falls where, in truth, one could see a powerful stream winding its way through strange and lonesome wastes, and listen to its angry voice as it swept onward over rapid and fall, deep in the confines of a bleak and craggy gorge.

In my early diary I find these pages written near the sources of the Shoshone River:

Sky gray with rain soon to melt away in silver clouds, leaving the sun to blaze at noon day in cloudless azure. Snake River,

Overhurrying along in its basaltic bed—a cyclopean aqueduct.

low foot hills are seen the Tetons, thrusting sharp peaks to heaven.

"To climb up there—nay even your thought

itself slides off."

Next, long rolling hills with crystal streams between, with pebbly beds, and rushy banks; Shotgun River, brightest of all.

In quiet pools, groups of tall, blue cranes eye us with suspicion, or stalk slowly away. Herds of antelope flee at our approach, stop,

gaze with curiosity, then bound away again. The shadows point

eastward as we near the fork of the Snake River, here in its youth, no dark volcanic shore, but the water flowing past piney banks, deep in grass, intensely green, and leaping trout the only thing to break its sliding mirror. Then sunset through pines, the dark

A VISIT TO THE SHOSHONE FALLS 5

trunks and foliage seen against flush of richest gold, and many voices among the boughs, bespeaking the coming of the nightwind. Camp by a hunter's cabin, a home of roughhewn logs,

with stretched skins of the antelope, the elk, and the bear.

Next morning we passed across a long stretch of plashy meadow, interspersed with pools and netted with rivulets, a haunt

PHOTO BY JOSEPH SHANKS

BLACK'S CANYON, SHOSHONE RIVER.

for all the birds who love the shallow stream or grassy plain. Then

the foot of the wooded Tyghee Pass, and, as we rise, to the north and northwest, the shining waters of Henry Lake. Higher >vet,

and at our left, a mammoth terraced peak, lording it over a narrow glen. At the summit of the pass, mighty hemlocks and groves

of cloudlike, trembling aspens. Under their shadows springs

trickle forth amid mosses and ferns, the waters beginning a long journey toward the setting sun. Westward, far away, the sunlit

curves of the Shoshone River.

Let me contrast these two diary entries, made twenty years ago, with others made during August of the present year:

What a struggle is life! I was astonished on seeing the mountain homes, those fields of grain. Never did I see a harder battle,

G IMPROVEMENT ERA

one fought at odds, between the will of man and the forces of nature.

Bitter is the fight where those sheaves of golden grain are gathered in those lonely spots by the river edge, or upon the lava walls.

What strange sights where the Shoshone first cuts its tortuous way through the black hills to curve and twist across the great plain or valley that bears its name. Dryfarming, the words will

now have in the future, for me, a different meaning. At Black's

Canon, at Table Rock, at the Giant's Stairs, the squares of ripening wheat could be seen in seemingly impossible places. What

toil to bring about the small result! What facing of arduous days

and lonely nights, in the little hovels, that scant supply of food might be won from the high placed soil! I had seen the broad

farms in the valley, but these beginnings, this struggle of poverty to wrest a sustenance from the earth—there was something about

it distressing, pathetic.

What a splendid view! How immense from the Canon

mouth appears the Valley of the Snake! Far away, there, by the

Big and Little Buttes, the forks of Shoshone meet. By those

distant mountains the mingled waters then take their course.

Around the valley are a thousand heights! Great hills are at one's

back, upon the lower slopes of which we stand. Westward the

Sawtooth Range, south, a suggestion of the gates and walls of

Port Neuf, and in the north, the jagged peaks of the mighty

Rockies. And all this once wild plain, coming under the dominion,

yielding up its desert dreariness, unto fields and orchards and villages under the labor of man.

the tribes roamed here. Blackfoot, Shoshone, Bannock—once

The nomadic Indian, upon the warpath, has followed that way where we see the white puffs of steam, the wigwam has been under those trees of "The Ranch,"the pony has grazed where are the fields and canals, the warsong and the wardance have been where we see those figures busy around the modern thresher. Washakie,

Chief of Chiefs, may have held council with his allies in yonder grove, or the cruel Walker have brought there his painted bands.

Little of that, now, thinks the busy farmer. His thoughts are

other where.

Beyond the dark green of the Cedar Swales, I see the white belfry, the walls of the meeting house. Ah! there is the source of

all change.

appears to be The great Snake River—The Shoshone—Valley

A VISIT TO THE SHOSHONE FALLS 7

underlaid in many places, overflowed, rather, with lava. 'Flic

basalt shows wherever the stream has cut its bed or found a gorge.

Conical hills, pits, the craters of extinct volcanoes, are on every side. The lava flow has been immense. Tier above tier, flow

above flow, we see what the volcanic activity was in the years gone by. The richness of the soil in the regions of old volcanoes is

:"> wfrra-r.

PHOTO BT JOSEPH SHANK8 WHERE THE RIVER ENTERS THE VALLEY proverbial. The Snake River Valley will yet be the home of even

greater agricultural wealth than now.

After these digressions we will again return to an old diary and pursue our way toward the great Shoshone Falls, following the south bank of the river, and, of course, several miles to the south-, ward of where the railroad now traverses the great plain:

Our road that morning led down toward the prominent hill, whose conical top made a striking landmark across the plain. In

this respect the usefulness of the latter was shared by a huge, dark cedar, standing lonely on a neighboring ridge top. At times we

followed along the river bank, though at others we passed over long, rolling swells of hill, whilst the river, true to its name, swept away to the northward in many a sinuous curve. In a few hours

we joined the old Oregon Emigrant road, whose deeply worn ruts now serve as ditches to drain the surrounding country during the 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rainy and thawing seasons. We passed a couple of old cabins,

tenantless and crumbling to pieces, and these, again, brought out our Jehu's powers of narration. I shall long remember one of the

thrilling stories that he told. It was a party of emigrants, surprised by the Indians while encamped in a rocky hollow. One side

of this hollow opened on the river side, and when, after a stubborn defense, the party felt that their end was approaching, one of their number wrote an account of their tragic fate, sealed the manuscript in a bottle, and cast it into the river. Many, many years afterward

it was found. The river, which must then have been in flood, had

cast it high upon a bank, and once the bottle opened, the yellow, old manuscript delivered its mournful tale.

We made our first halt at noon time, of course, by the side of a dry torrent of one of those impetuous streams bed—the channel

that live their fierce life in the stormy months, to fail in the summer heats. A spring, however, seeped at the foot of a crumbling bank,

with just water enough to form a clear, shallow pool, ere it was drunk up again among the dry, hot sand and pebbles. Here, in

the shade of hawthorne clumps, our lunch of cold meats, aided by a pot of fragrant tea, was dispatched with a relish not often enjoyed.

Our journey resumed, in a couple of hours, we again neared the river, this time where it enters between the high walls of its basaltic canon. Anywhere along the edge of this deep gorge the scene is as

bleak, forbidding, and as savagely desolate, as the most misanthropic mind could desire to see. From the spot where we first

looked down, was a typical view of it all. On either hand was a

long perspective of vast, rocky walls, flattopped and sable, and over their rim was the desert plain, where the heat haze, lying in the strawcolored swails, trembled and winked like distant lakes of water. Away to the north, vaporously remote, a chain of

mountains formed a sawtooth edge along the horizon.

Looking upon the scene, how I longed for the power to describe it. Placed in a crevice close to our feet, and piled around with

stones, was a tall, slender rod, with a bit of brightcolored rag fluttering atop. This is here known technically as a guide, and

marks the head of some hazardous trail. In the past had we

searched with a fieldglass along the river edge, among the boulders and along the sandbars, we might have descried the human enduring all for theinhabitants of the inhospitable place—toiling,

sake of the precious dust. Descending from where we stood, the

A VISIT TO THE SHOSHONE FALLS 9 sides of the canon formed two great terraces and slopes—a sweeping semicircle, duplicated on the opposite side. On one of the

upper slopes was a huge block of basalt, surely weighing not less than a thousand tons, the space it had once occupied showing as a roomlike opening in the wall above.

But it was the river itself that was the wonder of the scenePHOTO BY NEWCOMB

IN THE BASALTIC GORGE, SHOSHONE, ON SNAKE RIVER

Through the vast amphitheatre, just described, it flowed in a still deeper and narrow bed. As it entered the amphitheatre from

between the walls to the east, it needed but the slightest effort of the imagination to change the dullgreen water, spotted and burred as it was with foam, into the gliding back of a monster python.

Toward the west it was closed in again between two perpendicular heights, one wearisome to the eye with endless repetitions of masonrylike forms, and the other mantled in an azure shadow.

Through this opeuing the sun, now hung low in the heavens, darted his yellow light, and every whirling rapid of the stream, chafing between its narrow confines, flashed back again the burning rays. So this Fafnir of rivers rolled on before us, mile after mile

10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to the west, but changed from its earthy hues into dazzling tints of molten metal.

By sunset of the same day we arrived at the head of a ravine which commanded a view of the Lesser, or as some people choose to call them, the Twin, Falls. As I do not wish to weary the reader

with descriptions of falling water, I shall dismiss these falls with a few words. The latter title is far more preferable for them; not

only is it appropriate, but it does not deter from the grandeur of the scene by suggesting the nearness of one still more so. The

river is divided by a bastion of rock crested with stunted cedars, and the velocity with which the water shoots past this obstruction forbids the thought that human foot has yet trod its summit. As

we toiled back up the ravine, a solemn hallway I should call it, we were startled when near the top by the sound of that sharp, dry rattle that tells so clearly the presence of a dangerous foe. Beyond

this there was nothing to annoy us. Never did I spend a more

perfect night of rest than on the edge of that deepsunk river. In

the coolness that followed the set of sun, there was absolute peace quiet unbroken by even the trill of a cricket. Nay,and quiet—a

one sound there was, but so faint and hollow that it aided rather than broke the silence, and yet it made our pulses beat more quickly and the blood tingle in our cheeks, for what could it be but the distant voice of the great falls!

I must confess to a feeling of strong disappointment when, on the fourth day after we had quitted the ferry, we stood on a lofty ridge commanding a general view of Shoshone Falls. Being seen

from such a height puts them to a test that would try even the vast bulk of Niagara. There was something detrimental, too, in the

time of day, for a first sight. The noonday light diffused all over

the scene, made the poverty of color in the surroundings most painfully apparent; every bit of detail stared out, to the utter

destruction of all sense of space. The height of the lava wall,

whose base is laved by the waters, and whose top towers so far above the lip of the falls, makes it all but impossible to form a just estimate of the height of the falls themselves. By comparison

only can we judge of size, and there seemed at first no object by which we could gauge them. When I obtained a key to the

colossal scale of objects in that colorless chasm, then I began to appreciate their height and size. With closer acquaintance I was

led, first to admire, then almost to revere.

12 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There is no need to mar whatever I may be able to say in praise of this majestic fall of water, by a recital of our climbings from point to point, or to tell the incidents around, or for how many days the smoke arose from our camp fire on the ridge. It

would be my pride could I but recall in this description something of the spell that grew upon me day by day; but Nature, always a

SHOSHONE FROM THE NORTHERN BANK.

master hand in the ease and grace of her accomplished work, puts to shame a feeble and halting attempt to reproduce her impressions. I am glad to have seen the Shoshone Falls before the changes

in their surroundings, sure to come with the flood of visitors;

before the introduction has taken place, of objects at variance with their severe and simple grandeur.

Winding down from the ridge, a precipitous little footpath leads to an alcove, a narrow strip of sand placed midway between the feet of the lesser falls above the main fall, and the giant's final leap. This sandy bar resembles a bit of rocky seacoast.

The porphyry cliffs, on either hand, are worn into cavelike openings into which the water fiercely beats during the freshets of spring and early summer. How vast the volume of water which burst

over these stupendous ledges must be at that particular time of the year, can be imagined from the fact that the river rises nine feet above its general level, and that the roar of the tortured waters may be heard at a distance of many miles.

From the first peep of sun above the level walltops to the

A VISIT TO THE SHOSHONE FALLS 18

east, to its sinking behind the western hills, a vivid, double rainbow plays and trembles on the rising mists. Under its morning arch

may be seen a view of the several rocky islands, the canon below the falls, and a gleam of the fallen river. As the sun climbs toward

the zenith so the bow, gradually sinking in proportion, touches in succession, with iridescence, the russet foliage of the topmost cedars, the claygray rocks of the islands, first the top and then their base, and at last, quivering along the verge of the falls, turns the leaping wavecrest into tongues of uplapping fire.

Above the falls, set like a guardian keep, is a squareshaped mountain of lava; at its feet the river pauses calm and deep. We

crossed and recrossed the stream there in a little skiff. The

danger, which is considerable, is not sensed at first, and, indeed, there is no need for uneasiness where caution is used. Our boatman was both cool and cautious, shunning the slightest chance of

accident, and measuring every stroke. He pulled well up stream

and dropped down again on the opposite side into the shelter of a protruding bank. Only the tops of the islands are visible thus

THE EAGLE NEST ROCK, EDGE OF SHOSHONE.

from midstream, with a wreath or two of mist rising from behind them. But the gathering strength of the current as it nears the

edge and then vanishes into the deep and awful void beyond, warns how utterly past control of man would be the boat once carried within its reach.

A complete transformation takes place in the appearance of 14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the falls and their surroundings when viewed from the northern side. A worn and ragged look characterizes most of the scenes.

The islands seem lower and are eaten into cavities, and crouch over the falls'brink in grotesque forms. But the rush of the water is

superbly grand. Some of the lesser falls are here brought nearer

to us, and such is their individual beauty, that, set apart by themABOVE SHOSHONE FALLS.

selves, either one would receive unstinted admiration. One in

particular is exquisite with forms of delicately molded water.

Filmy threads of gossamer lightness speed down its dark rock where, intersecting, they break into crumpled foam, and then, sweeping over a trailing curve, fall in clouds of softest tulle. Yet

even this bit of byplay in the water seems here out of place. To

me it seems contrary to the genius of the scene, in opposition to its stern sublimity. For a similar reason I do not repent my failure

to visit several minor attractions of a fanciful nature, though in this I may be the loser, for often those delicate trimmings enhance the grandeur of noble objects, as do those parasite plants which sometimes grow and bear their tiny blossoms in the barkcrevices of centennial oaks.

There is one view of the place, however, surpassing all others the most bold and comprehenin its extent and interest—at once

sive. Until I had looked upon it I had been a stranger to the full

grandeur of the Shoshone Falls. This view is from a rounded knoll

to the southwest. There is an open space on the summit of the

A VISIT TO THE SHOSHONE FALLS 15

knoll, save for a few trim junipers, with their bluefirred berries, standing stiffly here and there among the dry bunchgrass, and over a foreground of rocks and cedars you can look full into the mad face of the mighty torrent as it comes pouring over the ledges in wondrous forms of beauty and terror. There you can see the

water beating itself into foamdust adown the shelves; falling

clear from top to base in arrowy points; flinging out sudden jets,

and in gushes breaking over obstructing rocks; whilst in frenzied

paleness the greater masses rush down with stern and awful roar.

There you can see the group of rocky islands above the great fall, the lesser falls between, and the river's treacherous sleep in the shadow of the black keep. Far below your feet the waters in the

basin surge to and fro. There Iris weaves bright here sevenSHOSHONE RIVER BELOW THE GREAT FALLS

tinted bow, standing where the tumult is wildest, and the shattered foam leaps through the cloud of spray in showers of snowwhite rockets. of each day's This knoll became my favorite haunt—the end

stroll. I spent my parting hour there, when the sun had lost its

fierceness and ere long would sink from sight behind the flattopped 16 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bluffs. The buzzards, that all day long had perched upon the

columnar piles of rocks, had wheeled their flight overhead in everwidening circles, or, with wings aslant, drifted up past the face of the falls, were then betaking themselves to rest, settling in a dusky cloud upon the withered branches of a gnarled old cedar.

Another moment and the sun would set. The cedars threw

fantastic images along the ground; the cliffs above were purplebarred with shadows. It was time to go. Why wait to see that

coldgray pallor rising from amid the foam, and quenching, inch by like the pallor thatinch, the rosy light! It was too awful—too

creeps across the face of the dying. Better that vision of the impetuous waters, when all suffused with glowing light, they poured

over the brink, as though changed to precious wine,and when even the walls of blackened stone above grew red, as if the old volcanic fire began to burn once more in every pore. So will I remember

the waters ever falling, glorious with light, ere night approaching, with cold, invisible hand, drew thick and close the folds of misty curtain.

Our last campfire had sunk to a few smoldering embers.

Silence rested upon the desert, save for the sounds coming out of that darkening chasm, which in vain the eye tried to pierce, or to define the misty wavings in its depths, as of dim white robes.

Lifted on the wind, coming from the faroff sea, the voice of the falls grew louder in the quiet night. Under its spell, solemn yet

soothing, my thoughts sped forth, lifted to still greater seas—the

seas of the planets space—where

roll in their neverceasing rounds.

Calmly from the blue vault the stars looked down at the mighty chasm, as they looked when its line was first traced; and through

PHOTO BY SHANKS the unnumbered years, while it

LOOKING INTO THE GORGE grew deep and deeper still, as they may look upon it, in ages yet to come, when that solemn vision all life shall have passed fromof the poet shall be realized—when

this globe, and the course of the human race shall have been run.

The Open Road.

.BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, OF THE LATTERDAYj

SAINTS UNIVERSITY.

Part Being a Few of Brocketts'Early Adventures with I.—

Some Account of Him.

Adventure II. In Which a Woman with an Eagle Eye

Appears, and the Oblong House on the Hill

Standing there in the shadow of that ivycluster, young Brocketts had leisure to take up reminiscently the thread of his strange life, and to follow it back. That was not a difficult task, for

somewhere about the fifth year on the other end, the thread broke off abruptly. For the other nine years, only here and there was

a knot to mark some signal event, and on each his fingers paused for a moment.

As for that dark space where the thread began, he could find nothing definite to contemplate. To be sure, certain faint glimmerings, as of a preexistent state, lingered obscurely in his mind, but

he could not make sure that they were not imaginings. All he

knew positively was, that there must be a bit of thread somewhere in that darkness, because here in his hand was a longer bit with evidence of the break. But he could not find it, groped he never

so carefully.

a hard other end—was At the very end of the thread—that

knot, representing most likely some important event. But the

knot must have been tied at the orphanage. It was at the orphanage thai he first found himself. How he came to be there, he was

wholly at a loss to understand. He did not even know whether

Vinningen or in somehis home—if he had ever had any—was at

other part of the vast German Empire. His name, he knew, was

Brocketts. Anyhow, that was what the boys termed him, and he

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA

preferred Brocketts for the sole reason that the Sisters called him

Louis. What his last name was he did not know, for there never

had been occasion for the use of the surname at the orphanage, and he and the Sisters had not been on sufficiently intimate terms to warrant his asking them about it, or their volunteering the information.

But there was the knot, all the same. It must have stood for

a vision of a boy in soldier's lightblue uniform, with gold stripes down the outside of the legs, beautiful goldtasseled epaulets on the shoulders, and the most wonderful shiny sword dangling at his vision he had beheld, itside—scabbard, beaded handle, and all-—a

might be, when he first came to the oblong House. Afterwards,

at school, he found himself in the same seat with this soldierboy, and on the side, too, where hung the sword, which he actually

Brocktouched with his hands. Ben was his name—Ben what?

etts never had. learned. And a good fellow he proved, too. Not

an orphan, but the son of an officer in the German army who lived a Vinningen and who, like some other boys in the village, was sent to school at the orphanage because it was supposed to be better than the public school. That sword and that cap, and a pair of

glorious redtopped boots he wore, were the envy of all the orphanage, and any boy there would gladly have emptied every omnibus pocket he had and thrown the things down at the little soldier's feet only to have had one of them on. But the little soldier was

set dead against it. Only once had he yielded, and that was to

Brocketts. "I like you,"he had said, "and you can wear my boots, and

I'll wear your clogs."

it And Brocketts had actually walked in them—mincingly,

for full tenmust be confessed, for they were too small,—and

minutes, two hundred and more eyes staring enviously at him all the time! That was a redletter day in his life; that, most likely,

was what the knot signified.

Somewhere near that vision came another thing that wasn't that must be let toworth the least kink in the thread—something

lie between this and the next knot, smooth and unobserved.

Brocketts hurried over this part or slighted it altogether. But

we must not.

in a white He was in the presence of the head nun—a woman

bonnet and a bib front, whose great size and mottled features

THE OPEN ROAD 19

frightened him unspeakably. When she spoke, you expected the

earth to tremble. She took him up stairs into a long room with

just a hundred, becausea hundred little beds in it—there were

he counted them afterwards—ranged along the side walls, feet out.

At the head of each cot was a small stand with a tin basin on it;

above this hung a tiny mirror, below which on a shelf, were a comb and a brush; and by the side of these hung a towel on a roller.

Once, the boys told him, there had been only four washbowls and four towels for all, but a plentiful crop of scabs on head and face and body induced the present sanitary method of separate articles for each one.

"You will be expected to use these,"explained the woman.

"No, mum, I won't!"he answered mildly with an effort at

conciliation.

"But you will!"she snapped, taking him violently by the ear,

and not stopping to consider that he had misunderstood. He

imagined that he had been conjured not to touch anything.

The gong sounded, and he was led downstairs again into another large room, with a long table running up and down the middle, and benches on both sides. The big matron.with the

fearsome countenance detained him near the door till all the boys had filed in by twos, the double column dividing at the table end and each boy waiting at his place for the signal to be seated.

Brocketts was taken to a vacant place near the lower end, the signal was given, and they all sat noiselessly down.

But the table was empty and bare. The dishes and the food

were at the head, where also were two women, hooded and bibbed.

Pretty soon there entered a jollylooking fat man, with glistening, bald pate, dressed in priestly garb and trying to look very solemn.

He said grace in a loud voice, standing by the table end with both hands upraised, and then backed up to where the large nun stood, talking with her and smiling.

With that grace the food was released, as the printers say.

One of the Sisters put some soup into a tin dish, and the other, adding a tin spoon, started it on its way down the line to the opposite end of the table. All this business of passing the dishes

from hand to hand was not at all clear to Brocketts at first; and

so when that dish came to him, he appropriated it to his own use.

Instantly a score of eyes glared at him, and a wrathful whisper shot into his ear a

20 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Here, you chump, pass it along!"

And a hand on his left, into which the vessel should have gone, grabbed the dish, spilling some of the soup on the table.

"You clumsy yap!"exclaimed the same boy in a powerful

undertone; "now Fred'll have less than his share, and'll go hungrier

than ever."

Brocketts did not catch the full significance of this, at the time, but he was to learn. Meanwhile, there was no mistaking the

glare of those argus eyes, nor the omnious crook of Fred's little finger. Meanwhile, too, his nearest neighbor lapped up the patch

of soup greedily with his forefinger. The soup dispatched—

poor liquid thin as water and surprisingly meagre in quantity, some more plates containing a small dab of mixed vegetables, made the rounds and likewise disappeared the way of the soup.

Brocketts looked up expectantly—but there was no more.

He had eaten his share, and was still hungry.

Breakfast and dinner were much the same, except that there was a single slice of brown bread, quite butterless, instead of the vegetables, and a thin liquid resembling coffee in the place of the soup. At recess, as the boys filed downstairs from school, a Sister

stood near the landing with a basket in which were hunks of brown bread, without butter, each boy receiving a piece.

The orphans rose,at six o'clock, winter and summer, for the

Sisters believed devoutly in that worm which every sane boy wishes some early bird would catch, and have done with it. Each

one had to make his own bed every morning and keep his toilet articles tidy and clean.

Nine years this had gone on for Brocketts, to the best of his reckoning. Every day there had been the same monotonous

round of eating, school, and work, work, school, and eating, with a rare minute for play. A change seemed only to emphasize the

daily routine. But there were changes. Sometimes, instead of

butterless brown bread in the basket, big redbellied apples disported themselves. This, however, was only once a year, near

Christmas time, when some generoushearted farmer bethought himself of the hungry little people on the hill.

The shopwork usually consisted of knitting stockings, winter caps, and jackets. But once, during the war with Prussia, the boys

were set to work making lint for wounded soldiers. Small square

pieces of linen cloth were given them, which they were to separate

THE OPEN ROAD 21

into individual threads and to arrange, like wheat sheaves, in bundles for use on the task they all found it. battlefield—an irksome

And once every year the orphans had all they could eat!

Here were the knots on that thread which Brockett's fancy did not lightly touch as he waited behind the church. And there were

nine of them distributed at regular intervals from end to end.

They stood for Christmas dinners. Of the soup which was thicker,

the bread which was buttered, and the vegetable hash which was tripple instead of double, they took their fill, even if they had to ask for a second strictly forbidden on dish—something which was

any other occasion. These events should have been given larger

knots than any now on the thread—they were looked backward

upon and forward to so anxiously.

For these occasions were positively the only ones when

Brocketts had not risen from the table hungry. He knew what the

phrase in the Bible meant, "the worm that dieth not!"Once, in

the school room, Fritz got a good rap over the knuckles for hinting, sincerely enough, that its habitation was the stomach. The

Sister said that there wasn't any real worm. But every lad there

feel it gnawingknew better; he had felt it all the time—could

away right then, in fact.

it They had had an agreement among them—handed down,

seems, from one generation of orphans to another, for even the "oldest inhabitant"there did not remember its origin—that in

case of sickness at the stomach no one, under any circumstances whatever, was to absent himself from the table and that he was to receive his rations as if nothing had befallen him, giving them, any or all, to his best chum. There was one knot for this in the thread.

And what fine skill those young cubs developed in sniffing a stomach in one another! If, on the grounds, they saw Ludwig,

Fritz, Frederick, or Adolphus bending over suddenly, holding his abdomen in the way they all knew so well, there was a sudden acclamation and a running on everybody's part to present his claims to the dinner.

"Fritz can't eat today!"one would cry out. Whereupon the

accused would say moodily "Maybe I'll get over it all right!"

For no one but a sissy would give up till his case was hopeless.

It was a thing to be contemplated with the utmost apprehension, 22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this loss of a meal. How under the canopy was one ever to make

it up! "Naw, you won't!"contradicted ninety and nine throats.

And one of them would add the irrefutable argument: "I had it

that way onct, and I had to give up my dinner. Didn't I, John?"

The statement was confirmed not only by John, but by everybody else present. No one boy needed to be singled out like that.

As if an event of such magnitude could happen at the orphanage without everybody knowing it! Didn't even Fritz know it?

That was always the first step to convince the afflicted that it was impossible for him to recover before dinner. Then followed

the task of establishing one's claims to the most intimate friendship. This was always hard, because one never knew how successful one's reasoning was before all the boys were actually seated

at the table. Till then he of the bad stomach rolled disconsolately

on the ground, groaning and listening to a ready flow of argument, but keeping meanwhile his own counsel. Desperate siege was laid

to him at every point for the inestimable privilege of being his best friend just for this once, you know. Less material pleas failing,

tops, marbles, pieces of string, even pocket knives, and I don't know what not, which represented other friendships, were called into requisition. But this was always held to be against the rules,

since the supply of these articles was extremely limited, and it appeared like taking undue advantage on account of your wealth.

Thus the assault and battery of tjie affections was kept up till the goods were ceremoniously delivered at the table.

Once, tradition said, a boy suddenly got well just when every friendly mouth was fixed for an additional spoonful of soup and a bite. That afternoon there was an uproar at recess. What

happened none of the Brocketts'generation could tell, it had been least, toso long ago. But no boy ever did this afterwards—at

the extent of defrauding his expectant neighbors.

All this and more ran through the boy's mind as he stood there waiting for the night fall. These were some of the knots in

the thread and some of the smooth distances between. His two

attempts at escape Brocketts did not set any value upon, seeing that one of them had brought about a scarred back, and that they both had failed ignominiously of their purpose. But this one

well, it was possibly too early yet to say anything definite about it.

When darkness came he would see.

THE OPEN ROAD 23

As for the future, Brocketts had no plans further than to run away. It was all vague to him. He had no knowledge of the big

world—how big he had yet to learn. But he would go away, far

away from Vinningen, where the Sisters could not find him. He

would get along—there were no two ways about that. He was a

boy, and he was full of hope.

Meantime, he waited for the return of his friend.

Adventure III. Which Tells How Brocketts Bumped into

a Big Sea Captain, and what Became of the Affair.

Vinningen in those days was the merest village, though it was a good deal larger than many of our American "cities"(God save the mark!). Its rather loose group of houses, mostly stone and

ancient as the hills, stood perched, like lonely sentinels, on a high plateau and looking out on a broken country all around. For this

part of the Rhine, as it is called—is Germany—the Palatinate on

outrageously rough, up hill and down dale. Here and there

throughout those hills and hollows were farm houses, far apart, plentifullywith mills and factories between—the whole country

sprinkled with timber. To get down from the elevation where

Vinningen was, you had to go north on the only road leading from it, for every where else were tall, precipitous cliffs.

On this road, rounding the western cliffs, as the night fell in drab any more, though theheavy as a fog, a boy trudged—not

clogs remained, but in a dark blouse belted at the waist. In an

inside pocket were eight marks, the equivalent of about one dollar unexpected present from his generousand eightyfive cents—an

hearted friend.

"You'd better take the road to Spires,"that friend had advised him. "It's easier to lose yourself in a big town than in

the country. That's what I did, and I got along all right."

Brocketts had wondered what that experience had been, but it, and he had not asked.the man had said nothing further about

"How far is it from here?"the boy had inquired.

"Let me see! I don't think it's forty miles. D'you think

you can walk fifteen miles a day?"

Brocketts thought he could.

"Then you can easily make it in three days."

And the two had parted with a warm hand clasp—gratitude

on the boy's lips and hopeful words on the man's.

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"You'll get along all right,"his friend had shot whisperingly after him. "I believe in you!"

How those wooden shoes flew along the dusty turnpike! He

could not miss the way, he had been told, since the road lay straight to the capital, and there were no others except small ones breaking off from this. Presently the moon rose over his shoulder, an

irregular yellow ball in the clear blue, and a twinkling star chasing merrily after.

of a new life. WhatJoy was in Brocketts'heart—the joy

ever befell him would be preferable to the allround stagnation of the orphanage. Growth and manhood was what he pined for,

which he saw no hope of there. But this that he was going to

should be different. He would see to that. It should be full of

action and development. He meant to be somebody in the world.

What, he did not know yet, but he would keep his eyes and ears open. To him, as to everyone with the dew of youth fresh upon

him, the future was red with hope.

As for running away from the orphan asylum, he had no twinges of conscience on that score. He belonged to nobody.

Nobody had any interest in him. The only reason why the Sisters

wished to have him with them was that they got money for his keep. So far as he knew, he had no parents and no relatives.

And why should he stay where every moment was a growing disappointment, when nobody but himself was really concerned?

Yes; he had done perfectly right in making his escape. If he

succeeded, it would be by the strength of his own right arm; if he

fail; he had that in him, he felt, whichfailed—but he would not

would earn success. And so thinking, he trudged on.

Brocketts made more than fifteen miles a day, for he reached

Spires in just two days, and with three marks in his pocket. Twice

he had got a ride in a cart for several miles, and he had walked early and late. But he had been free with his foodmoney, for

he knew he could not hope to keep up a good pace on the road unless he ate well. And then, too, he was a boy. His spirits were

higher than ever when he reached the capital of Bavaria.

Spires, or Speyer as it is often called, was then a town of probably fourteen thousand inhabitants. It is situated at the

junction of the Speyerbach and the Rhine. Several German

emperors lie buried there, and it has a cathedral now nearly nine hundred years old. But Brocketts neither knew nor cared for

THE OPEN ROAD 26

any of these dull facts. All he saw was that it offered possibilities

for a boy in a dark blouse with three marks in his pocket.

But those possibilities were far different from what he looked for. He expected to get a place to work somewhere; instead, he

I am getting ahead of my story.found—but

He had just turned into a side street near the river and was inspecting the signs as he went, hoping to find a place where he might get a meal, when he bumped up against the fair round belly of a roughlooking man on his way out of a tavern.

Really, the man had stood still when he saw the boy coming towards him, waiting goodhumoredly to receive the bump, as goodhumored people will sometimes do.

"Well, what the devil do you want?"he asked in a voice that

came from so far down there in that rotundity as to get extremely broken on its way up.

"Work, sir!"said Brocketts forgetting the immediate interest

in the larger. "I'm looking for a job."

"Lookin'fer a job, hey?"repeated he of the big stomach,

looking at the boy's short figure and square head.

"Yes, sir."

"And what kin you do?"

willing to do anything.""Oh, anything—I'm

"Willin'to do anything. And what you want for doin'it?"

"Oh, whatever it's worth, sir."

"Whatever it's worth, hey? Then I'm your man—come with

me."And the man wheeled lumberingly about to lead the way.

"I've got to have something to eat first!"protested Brocketts.

"I'm awful hungry, sir."

"So'm I, and I'm just goin'to dinner. You c'n eat with me.

How'll that do, hey?"

"All right, sir."Brocketts would save the price of a meal.

The two went off together down to the river and on to a merchantman. It was a large vessel, one of those which plied up and

down the Rhine with merchandise. And this man was the captaini

evidently, for he shouted to the cook big and one little!""Lunch for two—one

Brocketts found himself wondering whether the man meant the lunches or the persons who were to eat the lunches. The fact

that he was little—not so little though!—was no sign that he could

not eat lots. But there was no time to continue this thought,

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA

since meanwhile they were sousing their faces in cool water, combing their hair, and talking.

"And what may be your name, son?"asked his friend.

"Brocketts, sir,"the boy answered briefly.

"Brocketts it shall be, then,"the man returned. "And you

c'n call me Behner, and my boat the "Walrus."I'm an old salt, even

if this is fresh water, and I own this here boat, and we're goin'to sail away in two more hours, if them bloaters don't get too full."

Sail away! This was more than Brocketts had bargained for.

He would have to think it over. Always, he had to think about

everything that offered a prospect. If he didn't go, he would pay

the man for his dinner and bid him goodbye; and if he went—why,

he would go, that was all there was about it.

The reasons for going were greater than those for staying, as

Brocketts found when he came to consider. Indeed, there was no

really good reason why he should remain at Spires; whereas, there

were several why he ought to go with the boat. In the first place,

if he went, he would not be caught and taken back to the orphanthe probability that he wouldn't, might be increased.age—anyway,

Then, he could see the country. Heretofore he had never been out

of Vinningen, and a caged bird not only longs for liberty and the open air, but, if we only knew it, goes farther away from the place of former bondage than otherwise it would. There could be no

danger on the water greater than on the land. And so the balance

was cast on the side of going with Behner in the "Walrus."

The "bloaters,"eight in number, returned in time and only about half "full."Either the Captain had overestimated their

capacity for beer, or he had underestimated their powers of resistance. Anyhow, back they came, and in no bad way for their

work either, considering. And goodhumored to the point of

imbecility. In no time, the boat, heavyladen, floated down the

beautiful waters of the Rhine.

There is nothing to exceed the magic charm of a voyage on a stream like the Rhine, with its varied scenery, its dashing waters here, and its deep, even surface there. In all great rivers there is a

suggestion of strength and eternity, but in the Rhine is a hint also of the wonderful possibilities of little things. For, away up yonder

in the icy mountains of Switzerland, far above those high valleys where no habitations are, and far above the point where the hardy pine ceases to grow, a few drops of water break themselves loose

THE OPEN ROAD 27

from the ice wall; they trickle down the steeps, gathering force and

volume as they fly along, often through the air, but always in essentially the same course; and tiny rush irresistibly through the

lower places where men have builded their cities to drown with their noisy wheels of industry the sound of the ever thunderous waters; till, in Germany and Holland, it becomes a thing to be

fiercely reckoned with. From the dashing impetuosity of that

slender upstream current, it turns into a majestic width, which makes you think you are afloat on the broad bosom of a romantic lake.

All this, even the fact of the river's growth into power, the hungry eyes and ears of Brocketts did not permit to escape him.

At every point where he was not at work, he plied the seamen with questions.

And then there is the rich material of history that almost every spot in the old stream gives out to even the halfread German youth.

Here, a little way from the castle of Klopp, rises the Mouse

Tower, where, according to tradition, the hardhearted Bishop

Hatto came to a pitiful death from rats because he refused, one year when his people's crops failed, to take from his own overflowing granaries some wheat to satisfy their hunger cries, but burned them instead in a barn to which he had inveigled them by false promises. Farther on, past a softlyundulating country,

covered with grape vines far as the eye can see, to the steeplyrising mountain where the best grapes are, stands that grand pile, the castle of Rheinstein, from which the knights of the stirrup, who laughed at the king's efforts to get peace for his people, were ordered captured by him and hanged wherever caught. Then

there is the Lorelei, a giant rock rising from the river, up which one beautiful moonlight night a young fisherman climbed and was never seen afterward, for the Lorelei had taken him down to her Crystal

Palace in the cool, clear depths below, there to possess him forever.

I do not vouch for the truth of these, however, since the account is found in the romanticists. At St. Goar is a famous abbey, where,

it is said, is a book in which is inscribed the name of Charlemagne and other, but lesser, lights of the eighth century. There is a

cathedral at Bonn which is said to owe its origin to St. Helena, the

mother of Constantine, and in which two kings were crowned, so,Philip the Fair and Charles the Fourth of Bohemia. And

emerging from the majestic circle of the splendid seven mountains.

28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the finest point on the Rhine, Brocketts passed into Cologne.

Here the grand old stream grows into sedate manhood, from its impetuous days of boyhood and youth. Then it tossed itself

from the high places to the low in a perfectly reckless way, going presently through the luxurious and literally intoxicating vineyards on the borders of France. Now, however, it settles itself

into a busy domesticated condition, content to look after the rye and the wheat, to be interested in the increase in the number of lofty smoking chimneys and clattering railway trains, and to remark with satisfaction the growth of the shipping before the wealthy and busy commercial towns.

It was evening when Captain Behner's vessel reached Cologne, passing through the bridge of boats. The high spire of St. Martin's,

with its two towers, rose in the midst of the town like a huge giant, the two lights looking for all the world like two eyes sparkling with fire. Nothing disturbed the stillness of the night but the rustling

of the waters, the heavy tramp of the horses'hoofs on the bridge, and the sound of a blacksmith's hammer.

Aixla-Chapelle, farther on, fairly bristled, as Brocketts knew, with interesting historical events from the days of Charlemagne to the day when the treaty of peace was signed there, in 1748, which ended a long war between England and France.

All along the Rhine the "Walrus"had passed numerous fine old castles round which traditions and fancy have woven their legends of romance and fable, and all along, too, it had gone by costly and magnificent cathedrals, about which cluster traditions affecting the hopes and loves of millions of Christian people.

Much of these traditions, however, was lost on Brocketts and his companions on the boat, because of their scant knowledge of this sort of German history. For always a thing which may not

excite even a casual thought when you know nothing of its past, becomes a subject of deep interest in the light of history and tradition. But our young hero at least viewed with amazement the

grand structures and their beautiful settings, as they fell on the right hand or on the left, and appreciated such stories as came to his memory on hearing familiar names.

(To be continued) Little Problems of Married Life.

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN,

V.—The Wife's Settled Income.

The most vital problem of married life is its simplest problem.

It is the money question in the home. It is the division of the family

income in a domestic partnership. Its solution means putting

the home firm on a business basis. If unmet and unanswered it

has more assorted possibilities of disillusion, discord, dissatisfaction, deception and disunion to the square inch than any other subject in the vocabulary of matrimony. It can be settled for a lifetime

—in a single hour.

Before the honeymoon reaches its first quarter this problem should be quietly promoted from the ranks of the unsolved. In a

spirit of loving confidence and conference, in the interest of their united happiness, this question of the wife's settled income should be clearly and definitely understood between them. The amount

of money involved may be only a trifle; but the principle means

justice, and justice is no trifle. She seems in an atmosphere of

swTeet thoughtfulness and loving watchfulness over her happiness regular income forwhen he is the one who proposes this plan—a

her as household queen with a private purse of her own. But should

he, just driftingly, let it remain in the realm of the unspoken, she should not permit pride to make her an accomplice in his silence.

When a man says at the marriage altar, "With all my worldly goods I thee endow,"and two months later makes it necessary for her to resort to diplomacy to get seventy cents from him to pay the ice man, his memory needs repairing. Diplomacy in the home,

is the kindergarten class in duplicity.

When she sits preoccupied at the breakfast table, playing nervously with her knife and fork, and thinking so loud that she isdoes not hear his request for a second cup of coffee; when she

so awed by the realization that somehow she must work up the "Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Reveil Company.

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA

courage to ask him for two dollars, and she turns over one plan after another for introducing the subject, giving an occasional sideglance at the clock to see how much time she still has left before he goes for the day, there is something wrong in the home financial system.

This is not a situation for humor; it is intense with pathos;

there is in it an undertone of tragedy. It is a degradation of the

dignity of wifehood, to make her feel a pensioner, a beggar in her own home. When a man puts his wife's love and her respect for

him in pawn for two dollars, or any amount of money, he is likely to lose the ticket and be unable later to redeem the pledge. When

she fears to speak to him about money, and undergoes sacrifice, selfdenial and humiliation to avoid the ordeal, her love is schedduled for adjournment. It is true that "perfect love casteth out

fear"; it is equally true that perfect fear finally casteth out love.

The husband who dolorously doles out dollars, under protest, on the installment plan, to meet family expenses, as if they were reluctant contributions to an outside charity, is viewing home from a wrong perspective. When he requires his wife to mark

down in a little book every item of expense, not to guide her in wise management but for his personal satisfaction, and then goes over it as an auditing committee, quizzing her in civil service style, on the wisdom of this expenditure, and the reason for that, he is mitaken about wanting a wife. What he needs is—a housekeeper,

without pay. To be consistent, he should set up a cash register

in the kitchen and have every purchase rung up and a voucher put in the drawer.

When he leaves on the corner of the mantelpiece, in the morning, just enough money to last through the day, while he is selfishly humouring every whim or wish of his own, there is a suggestion of running a home on the slotmachine principle—the mechanical

delivery of scant supplies, through small investments, for immediate use.

There is an irritating assumption of superiority in man's managing of money, and a cowardly insistence on woman's irresponsibility and extravagance that is characteristic of some men.

If a wife can be trusted with the motherhood of his children and their guardianship and training and the management of his home, surely she should be trusted with what ever amount he can afford to run the house, not to be extracted from him by daily "assessment,"

PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 31

but weekly or monthly allowance that will permit her to take a broad view of income and expenditure, to plan wisely and prudently

If she be extravagant she must be taught economy through money responsibility; she can never learn by any other method.

In the running of a household there are constantly little rills of incidentals that trickle away the funds; they can be known and

realized only by the one who is spending: a week later the detail

may be forgotten but the wife knows only that it was necessary at the time; but to be forced into the humiliating position where she

has to give elaborate explanations of every trifle of expense is degrading to her and to him. A man would not risk subjecting

his partner at the office to such indignity; how can ho dare to do it

to his partner at home?

The husband who splashes money in the home one week may let the weeks following be as dry as the bed of a mountain brook after a long, parched, rainless summer. You cannot keep the

house wheels running by the water that is past. With this spasmodic supply of domestic funds there is usually an air of conscious

generosity as if he were donating this money to his wife as a personal gift for which she should be grateful. In reality much of it

may be already preempted by bills; the margin left for current

expenses may be little. He usually has a vivid memory of the

amount of his contributions, but a fine forgetfulness of the long intervals between them. She may have to face, too, that most

humiliating and mean of all questions in home management:

"What did you do with that ten dollars I gave you in February?"

This method means unhealthy alternations between extravagance and penury. It is death to wise planning and systematic managing. It makes her the helpless slave to his moods and his emotions.

The wife should be the treasurer of the home funds, payable to her in the form of a settled income. Peculiar circumstances

may modify methods in individual instances but if the spirit be recognized as just and fair, the details can readily be adjusted.

When husband and wife, sitting in executive session, at the earliest possible moment in their married life, work out this little problem together, they will find themselves nearer and; dearer,

more deeply conscious of the realness of their partnership, for they are consecrating money to love, not desecrating love to money.

The wife's pride in being trusted, in being in his confidence, in being a factor in every plan of his, in having her advice and sug32 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gestions count with him, adds a tender, sweet, inspiring touch of new dignity to her wifehood. He is appealing to her head as well

as her heart. She is to have real responsibility and she wants to

of him. Responsibility is a great gift;prove worthy of it—and

it is a great privilege. It develops, it strengthens, it unifies energy

and increases mental and moral reserve. It is like the women

burdenbearers of Martinique, who carry baskets on their heads the heavier the burden the more erectly they walk.

In arranging the division of the family funds, the two, knowing the income upon which they may reasonably count, can figure out together what are the absolutely essential expenses that must be met, rent, food, insurance, and the incidentals of the household, including what business men term an allowance for depreciation, for wear and tear. This amount should be set aside weekly or

monthly and assigned to the wife for her management. In addition there should be an allowance for her clothes on whatever

scale their social standing, her needs and justice to the fund, demands. She should further have some amount, decided upon

between them, for her own private purse, her personal spending money to use just as she chooses. It is a minimum amount for

trifles that increase her comforts, convenience, and pleasures. It

is to be all her own, without inquiry, inquisition or interference.

In arranging the domestic finances the question of saving for the future, of accumulating a reserve for emergencies should be carefully considered by this house committee and the method accepted that represents their united wisdom. The whole problem

is simplified in many homes by the wageearner turning over to the home treasurer his weekly money and receiving for his personal expenses what his needs demand and the income warrants. He

has not that petty feeling that he is being placed on an "allowance,"for he is merely being relieved of a responsibility. He knows that

whatever he gives will be wisely consecrated to their united interests, a fund administered by one for the happiness and good of both.

But business men, handling larger sums for use, investment and more ambitious planning, must be custodians of the bulk of their resources, leaving the stated income to the discretion of the home treasurer. Sweet conference on expenditures outside of the

usual routine or on special economies in times of stress and storm

PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 33

make a joint session of the home partners a new strengthening of the bonds of unity and confidence.

Many men thoughtlessly fail to realize the importance of the wife's private purse. Whether the amount be large or small,

whether it include additions to her wardrobe or not, is a matter of adjustment, but in itself it must ever bring a sweet sense of individuality and independence in trifles that is refreshing and inspiring.

It is not giving "wages"as some husbands indignantly protest;

it is assigning to one of the partners part of the dividends from the firm's success. This is simply attesting the husband's sense of

justice, not debarring his generosity from occasional extra dividends.

There are husbands, generous by instinct and impulse, kind, loving, attentive and genuinely solicitous for the comfort and happiness of their wives who, by some strange kink in their mental working, would no more think of providing them with spending money of their own than they would of endowing a home for aged canaries. The wrives may have charge accounts in half a dozen

stores and the bills may be paid by check with never a word of protest and hardly a glance at the items. The household expenses

may all be met on a scale of equal liberality; but of ready money

of her own the wife may have little or nothing.

She is living a life of poverty in a de luxe edition. She may

have to wait for her carriage because she has no money for a car or a cab. She wants to send a little money present to the old folks

at a Christmas time or as a little birthday remembrance, and may it, andbe forced to seem mean because she really does not have pride makes explanation seem disloyalty. She receives little

favours from her women friends and feels humiliated at not being able to reciprocate. She foregoes the luxury of little charities,

except they may be manifest in some form that she can have lies, tricks, and petty"charged."She may resort to subterfuges,

devices that may mark the initial stage of the weakening of a strong, fine character.

She may borrow from her milliner and have the amount of the sell herloan disguised on the next bill as "feathers."She may

dresses she has worn but two or three times, knowing she can easily "charge"new ones. She may surrender to a friend some prized

little article of jewelry for far less than its value, swallowing with a sob the memory of its associations. She may plunge into bridge,

34 IMPROVEMENT ERA

on borrowed capital, with a feverish desire to win, as a desperate man may seek to repair his fortunes at Monte Carlo. The husbands may never guess the cost of their meanness or their thoughtlessness.

There are wives who have a strange dread, a misguided sense of humiliation, they can never quite master by reason of "asking for money."This may lead many of them to "doing

without"what they really need. Their lips may be mute, but

their minds are working overtime; their hearts are filled with a

restless, rankling rebellion. They feel a hurt pride that is not

healthful for either husband or wife. The thought that comes

uppermost, that rises persistently is, "If he really loved me, he would realize it. I would suffer anything rather than get money

merely because I ask for it."And the husband, in blind blundering, may never know the real cause of many subtle changes in her

attitude towards him and towards life.

Other women, after studying the husband's mood as an aviator studies air currents, may secure by policy, flattery, wheedling or other artifice, as a concession what should be given them as a right. Others stint on the housekeeping, save at the expense

of their own energy, health or strength, in order to get a little money of their own.

The humorous papers tell stories of the seemingly absurd value some women put on money, without realizing the substratum of pathos and injustice. They picture cleverly the episode of two

women in a street car; each frantically insisting on paying the

fares, each struggling vigorously to come in second on the hunt for an elusive dime. They portray the easy, nonchalant way in

which a man pays the two fares for himself and his friend. The

man is not more generous than the woman; one of these women

may be his wife who cannot afford the liberality that distinguishes the husband. The bargainhunting instinct of women exploited

in newspaper stories as humorous, may again be but an instance of the false estimate of money value into which they are forced.

A man is unjust to his wife and to his children if he permits her to be untrained in the management of money, and the responsibility that comes with it. Should h's disability or death throw

suddenly upon her shoulders the burden of wageearning or of business management, she should not have to meet this crisis

PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 35

unawares, learning then by sad experience the wisdom it should have been his pleasure to give her.

The settled income for the wife is important itself, but greater far is its significance as a recognition of true relationship, the individuality it recognizes, the freedom it confers, and the confidence it inspires.

The settled income is no wondrous panacea that cures all the wrongs and sorrows of married life. It is no magic formula that

transforms discord into harmony by its utterance; it is no miracle

worker in the home; but it clears the air and it brings union and

unity on one great problem in the life of the two. Most wives who

love will go down through the dark valley of poverty and sorrow, bravely, loyally and uncomplainingly if fate decide that they must, but in their hearts they resent not sharing fully with him in his prosperity. They are not willing to be invited to his fasts but

be denied his feasts.

It is not the fact of the mere money itself but what they, without conscious analysis, feel that it implies. They may excuse

temper, thoughtlessness, incompetency, coolness, seeming neglect and many other failings with the sentence that means so much to a hungry heart, "He must really love me after all or he would not provide so generously, often giving more than he can afford."

She feels he is still standing bravely on guard between her and the world. The settled income may prove one of the watertight

excellent refuge in acompartments on the ship of matrimony—an

storm of discord when the waves of doubt roll high.

("When Pride Comes Between, "is the title of the next paper in this series, in the December Era.)

How Trouble is Forged.

purblind race of miserable men,

How many among us at this very hour

Do forge a lifelong trouble for ourselves,

By taking true for false, or false for true;

Here, through the feeble twilight of this world

Groping, how many, until we pass and reach

That other, where we see as we are seen!

—Tennyson's "Enid."

Keep the Track.

BY PROF. J. C. HOGENSON, OF THE UTAH

AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE.

One hot and sultry summer day down in Arizona, a weary tramp was slowly making his way along the railroad track. He

was anxious to get to California, the land of "milk and honey,"socalled. He had no money to pay for his transportation by rail,

so he had to walk. On either side of him was nothing but boiling

sand; in front and behind, nothing but the two rails stretching

along as far as the eye could see. He was warm, tired and thirsty,

he longed for a rest in the shade by a cool, babbling brook. He

seemed to be half dreaming. Suddenly trees began to rise out of

the desert in the distance, houses, church spires and waving fields of grain. He could almost hear the running water as it leaped

from rock to rock down the wonderful mountains that he could see.

He stood amazed with wonder and thankfulness. He had not

thought of finding such beauties and comforts in the desert. He

knew the danger of becoming lost in the desert, and the thought came to him: should he stay with the guiding rails that were sure

to take him to his destination, or should he leave them and seek refreshment in the city, rest in the shade, and quench his thirst in the babbling brook? The temptation was too strong, he left the

guiding rails, and wandered off:into the desert towards the wonder

and comforts which he saw, only to find that he never reached them, for they were only mirages, and to be found only in his own imagination. He wandered on and on, and became lost in the

desert. Today his bones lie whitening in the hot desert sands.

He never should have left his guiding lines, the rails,—there

alone was safety; for if he had continued on as reason should have

suggested to him, he would soon have safely reached his destination. The rails were often warm, and the way long and wearysome,

yet they alone could have kept his way to safety. They alone

could have prevented him from wandering away into the trackless desert.

KEEP THE TRACK 37

This little story can be readily applied to the farmer. The

careless, nonmethodical way of farming, is the trackless desert, because no definite way is followed. The track with its two lines

stretching out before and behind is the methodical way of farming that experience, experimentation and reason have pointed out.

The one rail representing the upper limit and the other the lower limit, beyond which it is not safe to go. The man Is the farmer.

The mirages in the desert are the pictures he sees in his mind of the great returns he is going to get by continuously cropping his land, getting out of it all that he can, and returning nothing, of getting large returns and not working his land much; not plowing deep,

not harrowing at the proper time, not keeping the weeds down, not treating his seed grain for smut, not sowing good seed (because it costs a little more than what he has). All this takes labor and

the outlay of a little cash. He sees in his mind large fields of waving grain secured with but little outlay, and very often the temptation is too great and he wanders off, only to find that sooner or

later he becomes lost in the desert of neglect and poverty, and a mortgage, or the entire loss of his home and farm, is the result.

He failed to remain within the safety limits of proper clutivation, to conserve the moisture, good, clean, wellselected seed, proper rotation of crops or summerfallowing, and the addition of manure to maintain the fertility; so that his land became run down, and

each year produced smaller and smaller crops until finally nothing but weeds would grow. Had he farmed properly, his land would

have been more fertile today than when first cultivated, and his crops would have increased proportionately, and he would have safely reached his goal of a prosperous, happy and contented farmer.

left the safety rails How many of the farmers of Utah have pointed out by the Experiment Stations and experience, and are following a mirage that leads finally to despair? I hope not many

are doing so. I know most are following 'safely between the proper

limits, and are doing good methodical farming, yet some have yielded to the temptation, and are careless in their farming operations, not caring how or when they are done. Let us all keep to

the track, and prosperity,"happiness/and abundant crops will not only be ours, but will also "come to our children and our children's call. children, even as many as the Lord our God shall

Logan, Utah.

PART OF BURBANK'S HOME GROUNDS. SANTA ROSA, CAL.

The Biggest of California's "Giants. 99

BY KATE THOMAS.

"The greatest service -which can be rendered to any country is to add a useful plant to its culture."—Thomas Jefferson.

We disagree somewhat, of course, for I think that the greatest service which can be rendered to any country is to add to its culture a useful, honorable, highminded citizen. And if every father and

mother of children loved them as Luther Burbank loves his plants, watched them, petted them, coaxed the good along, so that the superabundance of growing good would naturally let the bad die out, it would not be long before the world had practically no ethical problems to solve.

Who is Luther Burbank? He is one of those littleknown,

worldfamous, simple folk who make epochs in the growth of a planet towards perfection. The instruction

for distributing such usually reads:

"Only one to a world."He occupies

a place among the highest of all created things, because he is himself a creator.

And inasmuch as he is of the truly great, there is nothing bumptious about him. He spends his life humbly and

actively, among his tools and experiment tables, at his garden in Santa

Rosa, and at his farm, or orchard, luther burbank. some five miles out. He is a slender

man, past sixty, with a fine balance of firmness and love, an artistic nature and a business ability.

If you have an exalted opinion of his work, and take the trip

THE BIGGEST OF CALIFORNIA'S "GIANTS"39

tojSanta Rosa from a genuinely altruistic emotion, you will experience something resembling a shock. For you may not enter the

gate. You may look over the low fence at the garden which you

do not understand, and which no one explains to you, and at the old, vinecovered house where the man of whom you want just a glimpse works on, so unconscious of your presence that he does not so much as peep through the blind to see what he has avoided!

You may enter the "Information Bureau,"and buy as many rather ugly souvenirs, at somewhat overestimated prices, as you (don't) want. There is something degrading about that "bureau."

It seems too small a thing to have "commercialism"in such big letters on it. All the "information"you get is that you can buy

salts and peppers, resembling the cactus fruit, for seventyfive cents per pair. If you were the walrus, or even the carpenter, and all

the little oysters were waiting in a row, things might look different, but when you are but a simple mortal thirsting for knowledge, seventyfive-cent salts and peppers scarcely fill the void. You

long for the man with the megaphone: "In this corner of the

garden may be seen,"etc. However, whether or not

anyone likes the methods of the information bureau, a fair, thinking person must acknowledge that the seemingly harsh notice:

"Positively No Visitors Allowed. Warning! Any Person

Entering or Trespassing on these Grounds will be Prosecuted,"must have been absolutely forced upon a considerate host by an abusive mob of the idle curious. As he, himself, tells it:

"No one could be more pleased to welcome the general public to my experiment grounds, but over six thousand visitors were received during the year 1904. All the important experimental work was delayed beyond

recall, grounds overrun with crowds, from daylight to ten o'clock at night, no rest even on Sundays or holidays; business destroyed, rare plants died

for want of care; attention constantly called from legitimate matters,

letters neglected, telegrams delayed; meals taken standing, sleep disturbed,

health at the point of destruction, visitors calling at all hours without regard to my own convenience, each one being under the fixed and unalterable impression that he or she was the one particular one who should be admitted. Hence the order. The general public has no moral, legal,

or other right to invade my grounds, home, private office or laboratories."

So we see how fame has its drawbacks. It seems almost

impossible to put the immeasurable good this man has done briefly.

And it goes without saying that he grew into a celebrity, through years of patient, unseen toil. His invaluable work has recently

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA

been acknowledged by the government at Washington, by an appropriation which leaves him free to go on with his experiments, while his family look after the business part of realizing from his wonderful improvements.

At present he is still engaged in perfecting his spineless cactus.

By studying a certain variable genus of cacti, the fact became clear that its ancestors had thrown out a foliage, and had been smoothskinned. Stranded, in ages past, in a region fast becoming

desert by the evaporation of some vast inland sea, the plants found it necessary to adapt themselves to severer seasons of heat and drought. They began by dropping their leaves, thus preventing

evaporation. But another danger threatened, the danger of anniBURBANK'S CACTUS, SANTA ROSA, CAL.

hilation. This genus (the Opuntia) is almost wholly food and

drink and greatly relished by all herbiverous animals"from a canarybird to an elephant,"and the little rudimentary leaves that its nature still threw out soon turned to swords for protection. "Perhaps nowhere,"says Mr. Burbank, "in the whole vegetable kingdom, have such elaborate preparations been made. The punishment inflicted is immediate, the pain severe and lasting, often

ending in death, so that all living things have learned to avoid the Opuntias as they do rattlesnakes, and notwithstanding their most delicious and nourishing fruit, produced unfailingly in greatest abundance, they have not been systematically improved by the

THE BIGGEST OF CALIFORNIA'S "GIANTS"41

agriculturist and the horticulturist as their merits so well deserve."

The fruit, according to the species, varies from the size of a peanut to a banana, and the single plant produces annually from fifty to two hundred pounds.

Mr. Burbank argued that the cactus having once been spineless, it could be so again. He obtained specimens from all over the

world. The best of these he crossed. Then he kept crossing and

crossing. Today the spineless cactus is achieved! The best of

all about it is that, like Luther Burbank's other fixed, new species, it will never retrograde. It is the eternal march of the plantlife,

onward and upward, that we are hoping for in the human sphere.

The achievement of the best.

The practical value of the spineless cactus is that millions of acres of desert land, heretofore looked upon as too sterile for hope, may now become the sources of vast revenue. Besides their great

food value to cattle, their fruits and leaves furnish delicious jellies, jams, pickles and greens; the juice from the fruits of the crimson

varieties is used for coloring ices, confectionery, etc.; the leaves

make excellent poultices; the juice of both leaves and fruit is

mixed with whitewash to make it more lasting when exposed to weather; etc., etc. Perhaps no better proof of the use of this

discovery could be given than quoting an extract from one of the hundreds of letters that go to Mr. Burbank from the arid regions

of the earth. The writer wishes seeds of the new cactus:

"Because of the two famines of 189697, the population of India was lessened by twentyone millions of souls.

"I believe your work in developing an improved, edible cactus will mean much for the saving of life among the povertystricken millions of southern Asia. God bless you in your noble work."

Burbank fruits, Burbank flowers, Burbank vegetables, and

Burbank nuts, are growing steadily. Doubtless they will grow,

like the little stone, till they fill the whole world.

Dr. Hugo De Yries, a noted European scientist, engaged in

plant experimentation, too, though his object is to prove the

Darwinian theory,while Burbank's purpose is solely use and beauty, says of him:

is a unique, great genius Such a "Europe has no man like him. He

knowledge of nature, and such ability to handle plantlife, would only be possible to an innately high genius. The time will come when he will be

as wellknown and as highly cherished in California as he is now among the scientific men of Europe,"42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mr. Burbank's line of "inventions"is one upon which no patent

is obtainable. He has had dishonest people profit by his expenditure, and represent to the public as his, things which were not his.

He has spent nearly $240,000 of his private earnings on his loved experiments. He acknowledged that, having been endowed

with a good business capacity, he has never been so completely stranded as most people who follow a similar cause. He says with

conviction and something of pathos;

"The reward is in the joy of having done good work; and the impotent envy and jealousy of those who know nothing of the labor and sacrifice necessary, and who are by nature and cultivation kickers rather than

lifters, count for nothing,"

Courage.

An Epigram

Soldiers twain stood facing danger,

Side by side, alone and still.

Bold was one, to fear a stranger,

Light of thought and stout of will.

But the other, grave and serious,

Deeply pondered where he stood,

Felt the spell of the mysterious

Overshadowing neighborhood—

Of the mortal menace hidden In that moment's sudden chance,

Till the throng of thoughts sunbidden

Trampled- o'er his countenance.

Then his comrade marked his palor.

And a rallying charge he made.

Out of his lighthearted valor,

Lightly spoken: "You're afraid!"

'True, my friend, "with blanched lips, said he, "I have fear as you have none;

But I stand here staunch and ready

You, with half my fear would run."

Wm. C. Wilkinson, D. D.—In S. S.'Times.

The Conquest of Aida.

BY ELIZABETH RACHEL CANNON.

I.—The Plot.

Jared, as he reclined on the roofgarden, looked out over the city basking in the afternoon light. Although it was yet warm,

he had stumbled out into the open air from his siesta couch where he had smothered and tried in vain to sleep during the sultry afternoon. There was a discontented look in his eyes as his gaze wandered over the vast extent of the roofs, the palms silhouetted against

a pastel sky, to the crystalline peaks in the distance crowned with eternal snow. The nearby stone mansions were resplendent in

redtiled roofs, sunburnished walls, and purple shadows, while an occasional opening afforded a glimpse of a green courtyard or paved street. Nor could the beauty of his own aerial gardens, a

riot of color, with subtile perfume of violets and verbenas, win him from his trouble. The laughter of girls floated up from the pool

below, where his daughter Aida with her women, was disporting herself in the water. Unlike less active women, who let an indented pillow in a hammock tell the story of the afternoon's

exertions, she preferred violent swimming in the humid plunge.

Wearily he leaned back, as if he found the cushions hard for his emaciated limbs. Jared had once been ruler over this vast

domain, and he who has tasted power cannot soon forget the flavor.

Lusting for the kingdom, he had dispossessed his old father, King

Omer, but his younger brother had risen up and wrested it from his greedy grasp. They defeated him in open battle, took him

captive, and Jared only bought his freedom with the promise that he would never go to war again. After that he found life shorn of

its glory, but a worthless thing.

Evening is unknown in the tropics, for night descends swiftly, shrouding the earth in a black pall. Tonight, for a transitory

period, a crescent moon hung in a saphire sky, a breeze sprang up from the sea, and the city shook off its lethargy. A hum arose as

its inhabitants prepared for the traffic and activity of the night.

Lights sprang out. A step on the stair and a rustling of the leaves

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA

made the man turn to behold the laughing face of Aida, like a lily on its stem above the bed of narcissus.

"Come here to me, daughter,"he said fondly, his face lighting up.

She shook out her mane of black hair, rwhich was still wet, and went toward him. Her shoulders and arms emerged like snow from

her loosefitting, black gown, and the dead pallor of her face was relieved only by the scarlet streak of her lips. Her gray eyes were

so heavily shrouded that they appeared black. As she knelt before him, her father leaned forward and touched her forehead with

his lips. "Father,"she murmured, "it is eating my heart out to see you always so sad."

"I fear I am but a broken shell from which the life has departed,"he lamented.

"Can't you shake this depression off?"

"I have tried,"he sighed.

"I know it. You will never be yourself again until you are

restored to your old place. The throne is yours by right. You

are a younger man than Omer, and can manage the affairs of the nation better. You must be king."

"How?"he raised his eyebrows.

As she had watched her father waste away, gnawed by festering ambition, Aida had realized that something must be done or he would die. So she had evolved a plan.

"Listen,"she glanced hastily around and lowered her voice.

"There is only one thing between you and your lawful right to the throne."

"My father!"

"Then remove it,"she hissed.

'You mean kill the king!"He started as if she had surprised his own guilty thought.

"Why not?""It is not for a son to spill his father's blood."

"Get someone else to do it."

"And who, in all the realm of the Jaredites would dare?"

"Only one that I know of. The dark and moody Akish could

if he wanted to, for he controls the secret organizations."

"True,"he ruminated, "but he is a friend of Omer's."

"Every man has his price."

THE CONQUEST OF AIDA 45

"What would his be?"he shrugged his shoulders. "The

coffers of Akish are bursting with gold now."

"Tempt him with something else."

Jared scowled, what office in the kingdom could he offer for such a crime?

Aida broke in on his reflections. "Send for him here, and I

will dance before him, and when he covets me, say, 'Bring hither the head of Omer, the king, and I will give you my daughter for wife."'Fond father that he was Jared never doubted but what

Akish would want Aida, but the thoughts of bartering her shot a pang through his heart. He would sacrifice his aged father for

his soul's desire, but to give up his daughter, that was another thing.

After a silence, he said gently, "Have you thought, my child, that after this is accomplished there must come a day of reckoning?"

"What of it?"

"You are willing to pay the price?"

"Certainly,"then hurriedly as the color crept into her face, "I am sick of these effeminate nobles with their perfumed locks, and if I am to have a master it must be one worth obeying. Akish is

such a man."

As he watched her with halfclosed lids, her father thought that it must be a strong trainer indeed to hold such a splendid tigress in leash; but when he thought of the cruel Akish, his heart was full

of misgiving.

II.—Aida Dances Before Akish.

Akish stood at the gate of the gardens of Jared on the night of the banquet. In crimson tunic he leaned a vivid patch against the

gray stone arch. A nearby torch illumined his figure, lean, brown

and muscular. Blackeyed, hawkbeaked and cruellipped, he

conveyed a suggestion of power that was felt in the magnetic personality of the man. A band of dull gold hung low over his

brow, sheathing his glossy, black hair. Collar and sandals of the

same material were the only ornaments he wore. As he surveyed

the scene, a gleam came into his eyes for it was well calculated, to stir a more sluggish soul than his.

Cruets of burning oil filled the gardens with soft radiance and changeful shade. Interspersed with these were braziers of incense

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA

whose aromatic smoke curved upwards in spirals. In the fountain the figure of a seanymph upheld a conch shell from which the

water trickled. It ran into the swimming pool of blueveined

marble which in turn emptied itself into a miniature lake covered with lotus leaves and yellow water lilies. The lagoon was

not entirely given over to whitenecked swans and pinklegged flamingoes, for a dainty shallop lay moored to the shore as if inviting one to a trip to fairyland among the floating gardens of the lake. One tiny isle grew purple hyacinths, another yellow daffodils, a third flaunted gaudy tulips. In the somber green of the

grove was caught the occasional gleam of the white magnolia and pomegranate blooms.

To one side was the aviary, filled with the strange and gorgeoushued birds of the tropics; beyond, causing an instinctive shudder,

were the many species of Central American snakes. The cages of

the wild animals were still farther removed so the roars of their inmates would not disturb the ears of the diners. The banquet

table was spread on the terrace which was gained by a magnificent flight of steps.

The stone glowed yellow, while the supporting columns were of marble, shot with amethyst. Even as Akish devoured the

scene, the portals were thrown wide, and the guests thronged out upon the terrace. Throwing the loose end of his tunic across his

shoulder, he strode forward.

The table groaned under its golden service, many of its dishes designed in grotesque forms of birds and animals. Overhead

stretched a net from which roses fell upon the board. Akish found

himself seated next to Aida whose presence he felt intuitively, before he looked at her. She wore a loosefitting, white robe from

which her bare arms emerged like alabaster. No ornament

marred the purity of the throat, nor the poise of the head crowned with living night. The jade bangles which dangled from

her ears only heightened the pallor of her skin.

"So I have met you at last,"he murmured.

"I have known Akish long, by reputation,"she flattered subtly. "Three times have 1 seen you before, but ever failed to make your acquaintance."

"Three times? Twice only do I remember. Once as you

rode by, leading your troops to battle, I thought that your eyes

THE CONQUEST OF AIDA 47

rested on me for a moment. Again in a little park in Heth you

passed me with a group of graybeards."

"But first I saw you bathing one morning in the pool at Ether's house in Heth. I noticed that you were the best swimmer among

the women. I went back that afternoon and enquired of their

guests only to find that you had left that day. As for the night in

the park-—after I went to the council with the old men, I excused

myself, and hurried back to the park but you had gone."

"After you had passed I went home."she confessed.

He replied with a burning glance, and she saw her father watching them with furtive eyes from across the table.

A troupe of acrobats, assisted by deformed mountebanks, performed. A group of dancing girls, garlanded with flowers, went

through a series of figures for the guests, while ever roses fell from above. Everyone did as he pleased, as the banquet progressed.

Some of the diners were stupid from gormandizing, others had partaken too freely of the intoxicating juice of the maguey. Aida

tasted little of the rich meats before her, but Akish seemed possessed of a burning thirst which goblet after goblet of frothy mead failed to quench. His veins were on fire, and as he whispered in

Aida's ear, he suddenly swooped to cool his hot lips on the clear expanse of her shoulder. But even as he clutched her she eluded

his grasp and slipped away, leaving him with distended nostrils like bloodhound thwarted in pursuit.

Presently Jared, arising from his seat, announced, "My daughter has consented to dance for us. The guests crowded forward and

waited expectantly, but then they were not prepared for the sight that greeted their eyes. Aida slowly made her way to the center

of the terrace. As she emerged into the light, the spectators

uttered an exclamation of horror, and Akish swore under his breath, for wrapped around her body were the thick coils of a snake.

A snood fastened over her brow made her head resemble that of the serpent, and her form, sheathed in green, writhed so with the monster that the watchers could scarce tell where one ended and the other began. Slowly the undulations of the snakedance

started. The onlookers watched fascinated, much as the shivering little monkeys are hypnotized by the dance of Kaa, the rock

python, before they are devoured by him. Akish, with bulging

eyeballs, crept nearer under the spell. The woman and the ser4S IMPROVEMENT ERA

pent swayed together; then out darted a white arm, followed by

the glistening writhe of the snake. At times it seemed almost a

battle between the two, and again it seemed as if the monster would hug her to death in its embrace. Finally, at a signal, two

attendants rushed forward and helped disengage the python which seemed loath to leave its fair prey. As it was coaxed off,

the audience heaved a sigh of relief. As the snake sheds its skin,

so Aida threw off her outer robe, and emerged in roseate gauze of dawnlike hue. The music crashed into gayer strains. First the

dancer depicted the awakening of bliss, rising to the love,—joy,

delirium of languor, and when it seemed that she ecstasy,—then

had fairly swooned away, her muscles became taut, and she arose to show the fury of love scorned. Snatching a dagger from her

belt she brandished it in the air. Wildly she struck, faster and

faster resounded the music, more passionate became her motion, until she was fury incarnate. She seemed a harlequin of the desert,

as she struck right and left. Akish did not realize how near he

was until she plunged the blade at him and he drew back with a cold sweat on his brow. Her vengeance seemed to rise to the

height of black hate. Centering her strength she drove the dagger

into her imaginary enemy, and the knife went clattering down on the floor.

The dance was ended. The spectators broke into wild

applause. Aida staggered toward the shade of the orange trees, and

not realizing what he did, Akish plunged after her. He reached

her just as she swayed and fell, with utter exhaustion, on his outstretched arm.

Ill—Fruition.

Lured on by the bait of Aicla, Akish called the secret societies together and started his diabolical machinations, but the Lord warned Omer, in a dream, of his impending danger, with the result that the old king gathered his household together and departed secretly to the land of Ablom, where he pitched his tents by the seashore. Jared was anointed king by the hand of

wickedness, and at the same time Akish was wedded to Aida.

If Jared loved power, Akish did more so, and his vaulting ambition led to the throne itself. He fretted inwardly; and,

because such a nature must be active in evil, he began to lay his subtle plans to consummate his end. He must get Jared out

THE CONQUEST OF AIDA 49

of the way. By reason of his control of the secret organizations,

whose members were bound by dread oaths, he was already a more influential man than the king. His marriage to Jared's

daughter strengthened his position. Strangely enough, the thing

that should have deterred him from the murder, consideration for his wife, confirmed his dire decision. Akish loved Aida as much

as a nature of his kind is capable of, but mingled with it was a desire to domineer. He derived pleasure 'from torturing the

beloved object. During their brief married life, he had been

afforded some rare flashes of her temper, and he now saw a chance to quell the rebellion in her, and crush it with one blow.

The arch conspirator sent out his band of assassins to kill

King Jared, as he sat upon the throne, and as they departed he called after the bullies, "That I may know that you have done your work well, bring me a token, bring me the head of the king,"and he smiled grimly to think that the same fate that Jared had decreed for his father, should now be meted out to him.

Akish did not know what fear was, but he could ill brook delay.

He sat in his great stone chamber and essayed a dozen tasks only to throw them aside and listen impatiently, as the afternoon lengthened into night. When the heavy tread of his accomplices

resounded in the corridor, he could have shouted with relief.

"How goes it?"he questioned sharply, as the men filed into

the room. "It is done,"answered Simon.

"How?""With twenty wounds, Chief,"broke in one of the followers.

"We went in and mingled with the people as he sat high upon his throne, and when the petitioners for justice had all gone, and he started to descend, we stabbed him. Our men watched the

entrances so we would not be interrupted in our work."

"And the proof?"

"Behold, my Lord, "Simon threw back his cloak and held up by the hair the ghastly trophy, but it was not this gruesome spectacle that froze the look of horror on the face of Akish.

Instinctively he looked in the other direction to behold Aida, clad in her night robes, in the doorway. Whether or not she had

recognized the head of her father, in the half light of the room, they could not tell, for she turned silently, and they heard the swish of her draperies down the hall.

50 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Confusion fell upon the retainers, and Akish, shaking as if he had the ague, said, "I did not mean for her to see that. Get out of

my sight. "

If they had any doubts they were soon dissipated, for Aida shut herself up in her apartments, and for three days her screams resounded through the palace. On the third day, Akish commanded her to appear at a banquet, for he dared not face her alone.

She came and sat stonyfaced at the board.

During thecoronation ceremonies which followed, when Akish sat in her father's place, and she, on his right hand, was crowned queen, neither of them ever mentioned Jared's name.

Not until her son Ether was born some months later did Aida smile again, and somehow, because Akish was his father, the little newcomer renewed the bond between them.

IV.—Reaping the Whirlwind.

Beyond the initial step, Aida had taken no part in Akish's crimes. When he attained the throne, she thought that his violence must cease, but his increased power only offered him more

opportunities to sate his lust for wickedness. Because his honor

was bound up with his queen, as well as for her innate charm,

Akish had cared more for her than he did for anybody. But,

steeped with satiety, he constantly sought new sensations; and,

as he grew more brutish, Aida's influence with him waned. His

crimes became more vicious, and he reveled in bloodshed, until the people called him monster, and prayed for a liberator.

Their eyes turned naturally to the tyrant's eldest son, Ether, now grown to splendid manhood, who through his mother, had kingly blood in his veins. The old king saw with jealous eyes

how the populac e loved his son, and despised him, and his hate knew no bounds. He incarcerated Ether in prison, and gradually

starved him to death.

His mother, who could stand no more, left the monster, and retired to her desert castle to mourn. Nimrah, her second son,

fearful that his father's wrath would now fall on him, fled with a few followers to Omer at Ablom.

Not to please a paramour but to punish Aida for leaving him,

Akish yielded to the importunities of one of his favorites, a vulgar, blase woman and flaunted her openly at the palace.

It is said that the reason the criminal always gets caught is

THE CONQUEST OF AIDA 51

because he stands out against organized society; nay, more than

that, he is fighting the law of the universe, progression. As soon

as a man impairs his own usefulness, or injures his fellow men, he becomes a clog to block her advancement, and nature is going to crush him. She has no use for weaklings, but on the useful

worker she will lavish power a hundredfold.

The debased debauchee had become a menace, so the immutable laws prepared to destroy him. Griefstricken over the death

of his brother, and smarting under this latest insult offered to his mother, Gilead, the third son, arose in wrath, and declared war against his father. Thousands in the kingdom, who nursed

grievances, rallied to his support. So Aida saw her own flesh and

blood arrayed against their father. Deep as she had drunk of tha

bitter draught of sorrow, she was destined yet to drain it to the dregs.

As befitted her mood, the queen had retired to a bleak castle, partly in ruins and surrounded for miles by barren cactus. Bats

lurked injts turrets, and the wind claimed its ancient towers for its own. The nation had risen in arms, and when rumors of battle

reached their retreat nothing would do but that Aida's youngest son, a boy of fifteen, must sally forth to join his brothers on the field. In vain did his mother plead; he was obdurate. Finally

with trembling fingers she fastened the armor on his stripling limbs, kissed him, and let him go. After that the queen of tragedy

haunted the edge of the battlefield like a vampire, until they brought her baby boy in dying upon his shield. Then her already

tottering reason gave way, and she went stark mad. A few hours

later, when they placed the fair, slender body in the sepulchre, his mother was a raving maniac.

All the tragedies of her life were babbled forth in the drivel of the insane. One night, under cover of a storm, she escaped from

her keepers. The next morning they found her body in the well,

but, whether blinded by the rain, she had stumbled over the curbing and been plunged by accident into the pit, or had sought to drown her troubles in the Lethean waters of suicide, they did not know.

Couriers carried the news of the queen's death to the king.

It stirred the remnant of feeling left in him, but his last hold on life was gone. Scarce had the messengers ceased speaking when

the guard from the watch tower broke in to say that the legions 52 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were advancing on the citadel. Then a captain came to report

that the soldiers"had been bribed by the enemy. Hated by his

own'followers, with halfhearted officers who knew they were on the losing side, with fear written on every countenance, Akish realized that he had lost, before the enemy had raised a spear.

"At least we'll die with harness on our back,"and he motioned for an attendant to get down his armor from the wall, and, as the boy's hands shook, he kicked him for a coward, and he fastened the straps himself. He ordered his chariot, and when seated on

high, the gates were thrown back. Like a bull who charges the

toreadors, he glanced over the plain, which, as far as the eye could see, was alive with plumed warriors. His whip sang out over the

heads of the horses, and, undaunted to the end, he plunged into the maelstrom to his death.

(the end.)

LATTERDAY SAINTS CHOIR, COPENHAGEN, DENMARK.

The Copenhagen choir under the leadership of Elder Alvin L. Olsen

is doing good work, according to President O. J. Anderson of the Copenhagen office, and is a great help in the promulgation of the gospel.

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the Pioneers.

The Original Diary of ErastusSnow.

EDITED BY HIS SON, MORONI SNOW.

IX.

In the September and October issues, the dates were inadvertently given as in April instead of May. We left the Pioneers

near Scott's Bluff on the Piatt in our last account, on May 27.

In continuance of his journal, Elder Erastus Snow records:

May 28th. Rather cool weather today. Sky overcast with

clouds; moderate rain during the forenoon, so that we did not start

until nearly noon and travelled twelve and one half miles, following the course of the river which has been nearly north.

29th. Cool and cloudy; wind northeast. Rained a little this

forenoon. We remained in our [camping] place. About noon,

the president called the camp together and admonished us, with much feeling and spirit, because of growing evil in our midst and spirits cherished by many that were calculated to involve us in the snares of the devil. He said that now that we were driven forth

from among the Gentiles so that the devils could not harass us by [means of] them, they [the devils] were now more vigilant in stirring up strife and in introducing various evils among ourselves to draw away our minds from the things of God. He said that there

was, with many in camp, an excess of amusement, such as dancing, scuffling, cardplaying, checkers, dominos, etc., besides loud laughing, loud talking, telling funny stories, and finding fault with one

another, all of which would lead their minds away from the Lord to the neglect of their prayers and other duties; and if these things

were suffered in this Church and carried out to their ultimate limits, they would lead to insubordination and rebellion against the Priesthood, and to dissensions, and finally to organized bands like the Gadiantons of old, to destroy the pure in heart. We are

the pioneers for the whole camp of Isreal going, like Abraham, by faith, knowing not whither we go, to seek a home for the Saints 54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

where the Lord has promised to locate a stake of Zion. This place

we never would find, for the Lord would not lead us, so long as these spirits ruled in our hearts, and he would not proceed any further unless they forthwith turned unto the Lord with all their hearts and put away the devils from their midst; whereupon we all,

with one voice, beginning with the Twelve, the High Priests and Bishops, Elders, Seventies, and members, entered into a covenant to return unto the Lord with all our hearts and cease these things, and appointed tomorrow, Sunday, as a day of fasting, humiliation and prayer. At one o'clock we started and travelled

eight and one half miles, and camped for Sunday a little above the mouth of a small prairie creek. The fruits of our morning's

lecture were clearly seen. A very different spirit brooded over the

camp. 30th. This morning at 8 o'clock was held a general meeting,

for prayers, confessions, and exhortations, and at 10 o'clock, for the sacrament. The Lord seemed to accept the offerings of our

hearts, and poured out his Spirit upon us. About noon I accompanied the Twelve and a few others to a retired place in the bluff,

where we presented ourselves before the Lord in a prayer circle, and felt our spirits greatly refreshed by the manifestation of his blessings upon us. About 6 o'clock we took our glasses and ascended

the highest point within our reach, which was about three miles northwest of camp, where, near the time of the setting of the sun, we viewed the surrounding country. Chimneyrock was still

visible down the river, and the towering heights of the long range of the Black Hills above us. Tothe north and northeast of us, the

country was little else than sand hills, as far as the eye could see.

After gratifying our eyes, the president proposed prayers upon this the highest ground we have stood upon. After bowing before the

Lord upon these heights, we descended, and returned to camp at dark, weary in body, and retired to rest, satisfied with the proceedings of the day.

Monday, the 31st. We travelled sixteen and one half miles

over a barren country, the last four miles being deep sand, and camped on quite a large creek that came winding its way from the bluffs through this sandy bottom to the river. Here we find grass

spindling up, but very thin.

Tune 1st. Very warm and pleasant, yesterday and today.

We are beginning to find a little timber, chiefly a small growth

FROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE 56

of cottonwoods, thinly scattered along the islands and riverbanks.

This I believe is the first we have seen on this side of the river, except one or two cedar shrubs, since the 11th of May; buffalo

chips and driftwood being our only fuel, good in dry but poor in wet weather. Today, we have travelled twelve miles, and are now

camped opposite Fort Laramie, a little above the mouth of the

Laramie river which comes in from the south, and on which the fort is situated about two miles from the Platte. Here we have to

cross the river on account of the Black Hills projecting abruptly into the river, a little above us, which are impassable for wagons.

The river is generally fordable here, but the mountain freshets render it necessary for us to ferry. We have been in hopes that

we should find here the small company of Saints who came up from Mississippi, last summer, who, when they learned that the main camp had stopped to winter on the Missouri, turned south, and wintered at Fort Pueblo, two hundred and fifty miles south of this place, where also a detachment of the Mormon Batallion wintered, which we somewhat expected would also meet us here.

This evening we have had a visit from two brethren who report to us that they and a few families at the fort have been waiting for us sixteen days, and that when they left Pueblo, the rest of the

Mississippi company, and the soldiers, were expecting to start about the first of June.

2nd. Today a coal pit is on fire within our circle, and three

portable blacksmith shops in operation; smiths shoeing horses,

repairing wagons, etc. The use of a veiy good flat boat, owned

by the fur company, has been secured for our company for the sum of fifteen dollars.

3rd. Today Elder A. Lyman has started with three others on

horseback with dispatches lo Pueblo. We are busily engaged in

crossing the river. Some horsemen just arrived at the fort from

St. Joseph, Missouri, and reported five thousand emigrants and

two thousand wagons on the road who will probably begin to arrive here tomorrow.

4th. A heavy storm of wind and rain yesterday afternoon

caused a cessation in our ferrying, so that our teams were not all over until about 9 o'clock this morning. We started directly up

the south bank of the Platte; and, passing som elow sand ridges, we

descended a steep hill on to a low bottom eight miles from the fort, where we found good feed and camped for the night.

56 IMPROVEMENT ERA

5th. After travelling a few miles we came in sight of where

the river forces a passage through a defile in a high range of the

Black Hills, where we were compelled to leave the river and, taking a circuitous route over a rough and hilly road, we struck the bed of a creek and followed up the same until noon where our trail intersected the main Oregon road. We soon ascended a steep hill

on to a gently undulating plain, and found a good road, struck a dry bed of cottonwood creek, followed it up until we found wood and water and good feed, and halted for Sunday, having travelled seventeen miles. Here we found a small party of emigrants,

eleven wagons, only, bound for St. Mary's river.

6th. This morning they moved on, and their pilot, who was

acquainted with the road, informed us that after following up this creek a few miles we should leave it and find no more water for about a day's drive. We therefore thought it wisdom to move

on a few miles so that we could with ease make the next point tomorrow, but we remained in our place, had an interesting and profitable meeting, and about three o'clock p. m. we gathered our

teams and moved up the creek five miles, and camped near the small company who had preceded us. A half mile in our rear

also camped another party of Oregon emigrants, numbering nineteen wagons who came up with us today.

7th. We continued gradually to ascend through a bottom,

following the course of a dry creek nine and one half miles on to the heights which commanded an interesting view of an extensive landscape. Here we were opposite the principal peak of the

Black Hills, some ten or fifteen miles southwest of us, which appeared to be still partly covered with snow. From these heights we

descended three and one half miles to Willow Creek, and found a fine camping place.

8th. Today our road has been little else than up hill and

down, yet smooth. This forenoon I had the ill luck to break a

wagon tire which, however, Brother Frost welded together and fixed during our noon halt without detaining the camp. We travelled fifteen and one half miles, and camped all night on Big

Timber Creek. A company of traders from Fort Bridger, bound

for the Missouri, has camped near us.

9th. We reached Alapier Creek, a distance of nineteen miles.

About twenty of our best teams, and some horsemen, left us this morning and are in advance of us, being sent to the crossing of the

PROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE 57

Piatt to make some preparations for crossing. We were overtaken today by five mountaineers with about twenty horses and

pack mules, direct from Sante Fe, bound for Green River. They

report that the Mormon Battallion crossed the mountains and went on to California, last winter, and that the detachment at

Fort Pueblo will soon be on our track.

(To be Continued.)

Sources.

I passed a stagnant marsh that lay

Beneath a reeking scum of green,

A loathsome puddle by the way;

No sorrier pool was ever seen.

I thought: "How lost to all things pure

And clean and white those foul depths be!"

Next day from out that pond obscure

Two queenly lilies laughed at me.

I passed a hovel 'round whose door

The signs of penury were strewn

I saw the grimed and littered floor,

The walls of logs from treetrunks hewn.

I said: "The gates of life are shut

To those within that wretched pen;"

But, lo! from out that lowly hut

Came one to rule the world of men.

Strickland W. Gillilan, in Success.

PRESIDENT JOHN HENRY SMITH.

Born September 18, 1848, died October 13, 1911.

Some of the Activities of President John

Henry Smith.

Born at Carbunca, near Kanesville, now Council Bluffs, Pottawama

County, Iowa, September 18, 1848.

Reached Salt Lake City with his father's family October 27, 1849.

Baptized and confirmed a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, September 18, 1856, by his father.

Received a patriarchal blessing January 18, 1852, by Patriarch John

Smith, which became the guiding star of his subsequent life.

Received his schooling at Provo and Salt Lake City, obtaining a moderately good education for the times.

Miraculously escaped drowning June 8, 1862, in Provo river, while crossing in a small boat which capsized.

Married Sarah Farr, daughter of Lorin Farr, October 20, 1866.

Was chosen as counsellor to Bishop W. A. Follett of Provo, 4th ward,

in the summer of 1867.

With Benson, Farr and West, he aided in the completion of two hundred miles of Central Pacific Railway, prior to the entrance of the road, in 1869.

Was assistant clerk of the House of Representatives of the Territorial

Legislature, of 1872, acting in that capacity also in the Constitutional

Convention.

Filled a mission to Europe, leaving Ogden, June 29, 1874, reaching

New York, July 4, and Liverpool, July 26. He labored in the Birmingham Conference most of the time, and subsequently visited most of the

conferences in Great Britain. In 1875, with President Joseph F. Smith,

visited Denmark, Germany, Switzerland and France. He was called

home in July, 1875, to the sickbed of his father, George Albert Smith, who died September 1, 1875; and from that time was in the employ of

the Utah Central Railway for several years.

On November 22, 1875, was ordained a High Priest and Bishop by

President Brigham Young, and set apart to preside over the 17th ward,

Salt Lake City.

On February 18, 1876, he was elected a member of the City Council from the 3rd precinct, serving as a councilman six years altogether.

In April, 1877, he married Josephine Groesbeck.

He was ordained an apostle, October 27, 1880, by President Wilford

Woodruff.

In October, 1882, he was sent to preside over the European mission, being absent from home two years and five months, and travelled extensively in England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales, visiting also the Isle of

60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Man, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, France, Germany, Switzerland and

Italy. On his return he labored incessantly among the stakesof Zion,

organizing and instructing the Saints.

In March, 1895, he was chosen president of the Constitutional Convention which formed the constitution under which Utah was admitted as a state to the Union, January, 1896.

In 1899 he made a tour of the Southern States Mission.

For several sessions he attended as a delegate the Irrigation and

TransMississippi Congresses; in 1900, visiting Houston, Texas, and

later making a trip to Mexico.

He was sustained April 6, and set apart as second counsellor in the

First Presidency, April 7, 1910.

In the course of his ministry he visited every stake of Zion, and many of them several times over.

He died October 13, 1911. "He was beloved, beloved by all."

Funeral services were held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, October 17, 1911, and he lies buried in the Salt Lake City Cemetery.

On October 16, 1911, Exgovernor Alvah Adams of Colorado paid a splendid tribute to John Henry Smith and Brigham Young in the session of the Dry Farming Congress, at Colorado Springs.

In Memoriam, John Henry Smith.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Another son hath joined the caravan,

Gone by the threshold with a noiseless tread;

His crown of years is settled on his head;

The heaven's gain, we lose a noble man.

Those eyes, that through an outer dross could see

The spark of good that hidden lies within,

Are closed upon a world of toil and sin,

To see the light of immortality.

His voice, that gripped the heart unto his own,

E'en by the power of its subtle thrill,

To nameless sorrowing souls is hushed and still,

To awake an echo in that better home.

A beacon light is gone out, in the earth;

Though happily this brief span is not the end

We know we'll meet our genial, loyal friend

There in the sphere of our primeval birth.

Louis W. Larson,

Lewiston, Utah.

Some Impressions of Utah.

BY MILLER PURVIS.

[The author is one of the most noted writers in the United States on poultry subjects. He lived formerly in the East, but recently has come

to live in Idaho. He is in close touch with Prof. George M. Turpin,

professor of poultry husbandry, of the State Agricultuarl College of Utah, and visited Logan in early October of this year. Just what kind of an

impression Cache Valley and the college made on him is set forth in this little inspirational writing which he sends from his home in Idaho, to

Prof. Turpin who has courteously, and through the kindness of President

John A. Widtsoe, sent it to the Era for publication. It is a fair tribute

to Utah and her people from one on the outside, and while we believe that many of our visitors feel just as Mr. Purvis does, few of their views ever

get into print. It is therefore a great pleasure to give place in the The

i tors.Era to Mr. Purvis'impressions of Utah. Ed

I have just visited Cache Valley. My visit to that beautiful

country has convinced me more firmly than ever that the blood of martyrs is not shed in vain. I am not a Mormon but I am descended from those who were willing to give up kin and country

because they believed in the inalienable right of every human being to call upon his God in his own way. Two of my ancestors

having come over in the Mayflower, another having fled from

England to escape the "bloody assizes"of Judge Jeffries and another having come over with Roger Williams, the Quaker.

As I stood on the roof of the Agricultural College buildings and looked across the wide, green valley the scene started a train of thought that kept running through my mind in spite of the things that occupied my attention while I was a visitor in the valley.

It came to me then that it was true that the blood of martyrs is not spent in vain. My mind went back in history to that night

in the jail at Carthage, Illinois, when Joseph Smith was foully murdered by fanatics of the same kind that hung some innocent

Quaker maidens yonder in Salem, so long ago, because of their religion. I was impressed with the fact that if Nauvoo had remained the gathering place of the "Mormon"church, Cache Valley

would yet be a waste, and its fertile soil would yet lie idle in the sun, yielding nothing that would advance the steps of the progress of the world. That magnificent Agricultural College would not

have been built, those Stakes in Zion that dot the landscape would 62 IMPROVEMENT ERA

not have been established, those wide fields, yellow with the stubble of a rich harvest, or green with the pasturage of cattle, would still be sage brush wastes, and silence would reign where now the busyhum of industry makes the air vibrant with the music to which the of Labor, that makes for advance.world sets its step—the Anthem

Beneath me was the mill, at which men grind that knowledge may increase, and that the young men and women who are not satisfied with the Things that Are, may come here to sit at the feet of Wisdom, that they may learn to bring about the day of Things that Should be.

He who believes in God must believe in inspiration, else our ideas of God mean nothing. In every age men have been inspired

to take steps that "Like ripples that at the seamargin commence,

Stir the world's currents a hundred years hence."

Not in vain was that awful journey into the wilderness made;

not in vain did men and women suffer hardships that can never be described, in their search for a place where they might rear their temples and worship their God in peace. One must lack all that

devoutness means if he thinks that it was accident that brought those men and women to Salt Lake Valley and caused them to stop and say: "Here we rest."Lonely, remote, a desert surrounded by barren mountains, it must have required the light of inspiration to cause men to decide that this was a good place to drive deep

their stakes and try to build up homes.

The first time I ever saw Utah we came down from the barren heights beyond Provo, in a driving snow storm. From the storm

as we dropped down into the valley we came to sunshine and flowers

Peaceful, prosperous homes and wide fertile farms. Then down

the valley of the Jordon to that splendid city set in the valley, with its green trees and silvery streams along the streets, only to turn west at Ogden and enter once more the wasted country. It was

long after this before I saw Cache Valley but it was worth waiting for.

I begin to think that we read prophecy wrong. It is promised

that to the elect shall come tribute from all nations. I am afraid

we have a habit of thinking of this as a militant tribute, wrung from the unwilling hands of conquered peoples. As I looked across

that valley I was told that the milk from the condensaries of Cache

Valley goes to the ends of the earth, and it was impressed on me

SOME IMPRESSIONS OF UTAH 63

that the day of tributepaying had come, but not in the militant way. It had come through the peaceful art of husbandry, willingly

paid, because from this valley goes to the ends of the earth products that give people comfort and strength, and the glory of the Lord is brighter because of this bloodless fulfilment of the prophecies of old.

I have always had considerable respect for my crude forefathers who braved the vicissitudes of pioneering on the rockbound coasts of New England. Of course they knew nothing of the richer

and more fertile country to the west, but if they had not had stout hearts and abiding faith, they would have heaved the anchor of the

Mayflower and returned. So I feel a deep respect for those who

left the fertile reaches of Illinois, and pushed across the rocky barrier that enclosed the valley which they came to call home and name "Deseret."They have bravely changed the meaning of that

name. Once it signified barrenness, now it stands for all the meaning that can be got out of fertility and the riches that lie hidden in

Mother Earth.

I saw the big yielding cows, the heavy crops, the splendid fruits that Cache Valley produces; I saw the good men and the

grand women, the young men and maidens who come up from every part of the state, and from other states, to learn how to make the land more productive and the home more pleasant, and I thought how good it was to have the privilege of living in these days. It

also occurred to me that we do not properly appreciate the labors of the men who worked for a small wage to educate our young people. Every one of them is capable of going into the marts of

trade and laying up treasure for himself, yet they willingly, gladly take up the labor of teaching that the world may be better. I hope

the people of Utah look upon them as real missionaries doing God's work, as fully and as acceptably as they would if they were traveling in far lands seeking converts. As I have said, I am a "Gentile."

I am afraid some of the "Gentiles"look upon me as a heretic, because I am willing to give every man the same privilege that I claim for myself, to call upon the Lord in my own way and fashion.

I believe firmly in religion but not much in creeds. I am free to

I have met is as greatsay that my respect for the "Mormons"whom as my respect for these of other creeds. It seems to me that they

must have taken for their motto these words:

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Judge not the Lord by feeble sense, but trust him for his grace; Behind a frowning providence he hides a smiling face."

"These are they who have come up through great tribulations,"the angel told St. John. I have seen the descendants of the same

people and the result of their tribulations. They have gone to

their reward, but their children live, and it may be said of these children: "Their ways are ways of pleasantness, and all their

paths are paths of peace."He who does not believe this should

visit Cache Valley.

Sunntcrest Ranch, Wendell, Idaho.

Dawn.

(For the Improvement Era.)

The world is glad today, Lenore;

Awake from out thy dream!

The silver stars are paling o'er

The meadow hill and stream.

The morning sips with laughing lips

The dewdrop from the lawn, The mountain dips his silver tips

Into the flood of dawn.

My heart is glad today, Lenore.

From out your deep blue eye.

A dawn of love is stealing o'er

Me, like a bright sunrise;

And in its ray my joy is full!

How could my heart be sad, Now all the earth is beautiful,

And all the world is glad.

Yes, both our hearts are glad, Lenore

Beyond our dream of youth;

For lo, the night is fled before

The golden dawn of truth.

Our paths no more shall wind apart,

The light has made us free And love shall bind us heart to heart,

Through all eternity.

Theodore E. Curtis.

The Church Schools.

Their Development and Present Condition.

BY SUPT. HORACE H. CUMMINGS.

As an initiatory article for this new department of The Era, nothing would be more appropriate, perhaps, than a sketch of the development and present conditions of the Church schools, and a statement of some of the reasons for their maintenance.

Since "Intelligence is the glory of God,"it is not surprising that the Church, from almost its very beginning, has maintained the best schools that circumstances would permit. A revelation,

given as early as June, 1831—the year after the Church was organized, with only six members, commands Wm. W. Phelps and

Oliver Cowdery "to do the work of printing and selecting and writing books for schools of this Church, that little children also may receive instruction before me, as is pleasing unto me."

Another revelation, under date of Aug., 1833, says: "Behold

I say unto you concerning the school in Zion, I the Lord am well pleased that there should be a school in Zion."

The first issue of The Morning and Evening Star, June, 1832, shows the importance attached to proper education at that time:

"The deciples should lose no time in preparing schools for their children, that they may be taught as is pleasing unto the Lord, and brought up in the ways of holiness. Those appointed to select and prepare books for the use of schools, will attend to that subject as soon sa

more weighty matters are furnished. But the parents and guardians in

is allimportant that to becomethe Church of Christ need not wait—it

good they should be taught good."

An "Elders'School"was established in Kirtland in January, 1835, by the Prophet Joseph Smith, to prepare the elders for the ministry, though there were taught, besides, the subject of theology, "the sciences of penmanship, arithmetic, English grammar and geography."In a report of this school by Wm. E. McLellan,

one of the principal teachers, he says: "The school has been

conducted under the immediate care and inspection of Joseph

Smith, Jr., Frederick G. Williams, Sidney Rigdon, and Oliver

Cowdery, trustees."The school was first opened for both large

and small to attend, but it became so overcorwded in three weeks,

M IMPROVEMENT ERA

that it was deemed necessary to dismiss the smaller children, and only the ones desiring to study the above subjects were retained.

About one hundred and thirty students attended this school.

In the winter of 1835-6, a Hebrew school was established in

Kirtland, a Mr. Joshua Seixas being the teacher. He was paid

$320. for a sevenweeks'term of school. The prophet Joseph had

a great taste for languages, and studied both Greek and Hebrew.

He remarked, "It seemed that the Lord opened our minds in a marvelous manner to understand his word in the original languages.''Other branches were also taught, a singing school being

an important department.

The Saints, in settling Nauvoo, early turned their attention to education, and established a number of common schools. A

charter for the University of the City of Nauvoo was signed by

Governor Thomas Carlin, December 16, 1840. These schools

were attended by the Prophet and other leading brethren as well as by the children of the Saints.

So thoroughly impressed with the necessity of obtaining all the education possible were the Saints, before coming to Utah, that when they were collected in the Old Fort, in their first winter, 1847-8, they established a school with Miss Mary Jane Dilworth, as the first lady teacher, and Julian Moses as the first male teacher.

The former afterwards married F. A. Hammond, and went with

him on a mission to the Sandwich Islands where she also taught school. Elder Moses taught school at intervals in Salt Lake

county for many years.

On February 28, about two and one half years after the pioneers arrived in Utah, the Legislature passed an act incorporating the "University of the State of Deseret,"now called the

University of Utah. A system of elementary schools was also

established, with the hearty support of Brigham Young, the first governor of Utah.

The Brigham Young Academy was founded at Provo, Oct. 16,

1875, and the Brigham Young College, at Logan, in 1877, the latter being endowed with a valuable tract of land. During the next

decade, a system of Stake Academies, or high schools, and Ward

Seminaries, or elementary schools, was established by the Church under the supervision of Dr. Karl G. Maeser, the first General

Superintendent of Church Schools. The Seminaries, however,

did not continue many years, because of the inability of the Church..

THE CHURCH SCHOOLS 67

to maintain schools for so vast a number of children, and the state had in the meantime greatly improved the public schools and made them free. The Academies persisted better, though during the

difficulties through which the Church passed, from 1885 to 1895> many of them were obliged to discontinue.

Since that time, some of them have resumed, and new ones have been established. The following table shows the names,

location, enrollment, and approximate annual cost, of each Church school, as taken from the annual statistical and financial reports for the school year 191011:

NAME LOCATION ENROLLTEACH- COST

MENT ERS 1. B. Y. University Provo Utah 1419 85 81,255.34

2. B. Y. College Logan 704 32 31,025.15

3. L. D. S. University....Salt Lake City 1224 47 66,953.61

4. Weber Academy Ogden 492 21 21,763.46

5. Snow Academy Ephraim 313 14 14,333.95

6. Murdock Beaver 228 11 13,050.00

7. Emery Stake Academy. Castle Dale... 151 7 6,197.00

8. Uintah Stake AcademyVernal 197 5,324.60

9. Millard Stake AcademyHinckley 171 6,532.40

10. Summit StakeAcademyCoalville 97 4,395.00

Opened 1911 - 9911. St. George Academy...St. George (Sept.|

12. Ricks Academv Rexburg.... Idaho 260 13 14,348.69

13. Fielding 'Paris 216 12 12.525,10

14. Oneida Stake AcademyPreston "265 13 10.212,00

15. Cassia Stake Academy Oaklev Idaho 113 6 4,554.20

16. Thatcher Stake Acad.. Thatcher Ariz. 197 8 8,748.48

17. St. John Stake Acad..St. John "84 5 4.416.30

18. Snowflake Stake Acad Snowflake "128 6 5,738.53

19. San Luis Stake Acad. Manassa Col. 167 7 6,785.23

20. Knight Stake Acad.. Raymond....Canada 227 7 6,595.42

21. Big Horn Stake Acad Cowley Wyo. 133 4 3,687.50

22. Juarez Stake Academy Col. Juarez Mex."468 17 12,404.10

Juarez23. Seminary Juarez "294 2,833.3024. Seminary... Dublan.... Dublan

1,982.00 207 Diaz "25. Diaz Seminary

2,629.11 201 Morelos..26. Morelos Seminary.

964.77 12727. Seminary..... Pacheco Pacheco.... "'833.00 84 Chuichupa.28. Seminary. Chuichupa

1,060.00 "103 Garcia Seminary29. Garcia

120.00 5130. Oaxaca Seminary.. Oaxaca.... '250.00 25 Seminary... Guadalupe.31. Guadalupe

32. San Jose Seminary. San Jose 85 116.31

Note—On account of the war in Mexico the statistics froin some of

the Seminaries are estimated from last year's report, this year s report not having reached us.

The schools of the Church are now being maintained in the midst of most excellent free public schools, for the express purpose of teaching the young people the principles of the gospel, and faith in the Lord,—an object that the public schools do not attempt.

68 IMPROVEMENT ERA

They were founded on the principle that the religious instincts of the child are as necessary to his welfare as are those of the intellect and the will; whence, it follows that they should receive the

same care and training, and be given equal opportunity to develop and exert their due influence on his life, as the others receive.

It is a great mistake to suppose that the moral and religious qualities can be neglected during the entire school life of the child, while the intellect receives the entire attention of ihe teacher, under the theory that religious truth is so different from other truth, that it will dawn upon him without effort at maturity, and bring forth its beneficent results in life.

One of the most unfortunate errors of modern society is its strong differentiation of truth into secular and religious truth, and then causing its schools to say to the latter: "We have no need of

thee."True morality, which society pretends to desire so strongly,

cannot be successfully impressed upon character except through the religious instincts, yet, sad to admit, a Christian nation has become so divided on the teachings of Christ that all mention of his doctrines are excluded from the public schools. The school

superintendents of our largest cities have instructed their teachers to have no mention of the Savior in their Christmas programs.

Think of a Christless Christmas! A.s valueless as a footless stocking, without any leg.

But we are in society, and must treat it as real, not ideal.

Under existing conditions, the introduction of religion into public schools would no doubt do more harm than good, and society, in leaving to the home and Church the task of teaching religion to the children, has probably done the best it could do. But neither of

these institutions can do the work in such a way as to equal the work done in schools. Few homes can give any systematic instructions at all, to say nothing of five hours a day.

The hour usually given to religious training by the churches, on Sunday, it seems to the writer, only serves to widen, in the child's mind, the difference between the two kinds of truth, greatly to the disadvantage of the neglected one. Religious truth is

taught only on a special day, by a special, though often unskilled, teacher, under special circumstances, in a different place, with a different method; and, like the Sunday clothes, it seems to be

designed for use only on special show occasions.

THE CHURCH SCHOOLS 69

Think of the psychological difference to the child when the gospel's truths are taught by the same teacher,—in the same place,

at the same time, and with the same methods, and under the same conditions, as the truths of history, science and mathematics!

As soon would the child question the truth of the multiplication table or the law of gravitation, as those of the Sermon on the Mount.

If society really understood and believed the latter, as well as they do the former, what a change there would be for the better!

This comparison is not made to cast reproach upon the public schools, nor to belittle their'most valuable work. They

teach in a most effectual way some most important truths, but not all that children need; and we would gladly check the modern

trend among educators to exclude more and more of the religious element from the public schools. Schools are costly institutions,

and children are numerous, especially among the Latterday Saints;

yet, as many Church schools as possibleare being maintained, and have been from the beginning, and they have most assuredly acted in many ways as the leaven that leavened the lump, in keeping alive the spirit and knowledge of the gospel among the young people.

President William H. Taft began an extended trip through the

west, on September 15. The circuit was to include a distance of about

13,000 miles, through 24 states, over 26 railroads. He was to make

speeches in more than a hundred cities. The President visited Utah,

October 5, and was received with enthusiasm by the citizens of the capital and of the state who had come to conference and the Fair in Salt

Lake City. He spoke at 10 a. m. to

a large audience of old folks at the

Tabernacle, on peace, being much impressed with the pioneers and their reception of him. He spoke,

again at the fair grounds, at 3 p.m.,

reviewed the live stock, and "took in"the big state show. Receptions of

various kinds, commercial and political, were freely accorded him, and at night, tired but much pleased, he left to continue his journey west.

Of his speech in the Tabernacle,

President Wm. H. Taft, and Governor President Joseph F. Smith later

Wm. Spry. stated publicly that he endorsed every word of it, and hoped that the newspapers would print it in full, for

everybody to read.

Reasons for Opposition to the LatterDay

Saints.* BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

I desire to express our feeling of welcome and good cheer to all the Latterday Saints who have assembled here this morning for the opening session of our Conference. We are glad to see

you, and we thank you for your presence here, for we feel that your presence is an evidence of the interest that you feel in our Conference, and in the great work of human redemption, in which you and we all are and should be earnestly engaged. It is a matter

of congratulation, I think, to the Latterday Saints that they are led by a spirit that inclines their thoughts, their minds and hearts towards the performance and accomplishment of the duties and responsibilities that rest upon them, and I take it as an evidence of your good faith, and of your fervent belief and feeling in the cause in which we are engaged, that you are present here today. I hope and pray that the Spirit of the Lord, the spirit

of wisdom and of eternal truth, may pervade all the sessions of this Conference, including the meetings or gatherings of the various organizations which will hold their conventions during the time of the Conference. I hope that those who shall address the people

may be led by the Spirit of God in their remarks, that they may speak words of comfort, of instruction, of wisdom and testimony to the Latterday Saints regarding the great work of God that has been established in the latter days in the earth. Whatever may

be the feeling of those opposed to the work of the Lord, whatever may be the feeling of the unbelieving and scornful, and those that are contemptuous toward the work of the Lord, let the spirit of wisdom, of good judgment, of intelligence govern and direct all the acts and labors, and all the thoughts and desires of the Latterday Saints. It matters but very little to me what men may think

of me, or what they may say about me, so long as I can maintain a consciousness of having righteousness in view, of having an earnest

Opening sermon at the General Conference, Oct. 6, 1911.

REASONS FOR OPPOSITION 71

desire to do good and not evil: and so long as I am conscious that

I am, to the best of my knowledge and understanding, following the dictates of my conscience, and the prompting of the Spirit of the Lord to me in the line of my duty. Yet we often wonder why

people are led by such a spirit of bitterness, of animosity and opposition to any people or to any individual whose record in life has been, barring the common weakenesses of common mortality, absolutely above reproach. It is surprising how men can become

so vile as to publish and declare slanderous things, falsehoods and misrepresentations with regard to men and people who have never in their lives done any man or woman, or any community of people in the world, any harm; who have never injured a soul, and whose

whole life and mission, hopes, labors, and earnest desires have been to benefit the world, and to bless and ameliorate the condition of mankind. It is surprising that such is the case. Such has been

the case from the beginning of this work until now, and such will continue to be the case so long as we abide in the truth, and are guided by the spirit of revelation, and bave an earnest desire to do good to the children of men, and there are men who are full of wickedness and sin.

It was said away back in the early days, in the State of Missouri, by the leaders of the persecution against the Saints there, that all they desired was that the "Mormons,"or the Latterday

Saints, should discard their idea of revelation from God in this dispensation; that they should renounce their faith in Prophets

and their claim to the Apostleship, and to the restoration of the

Koly Priesthood; that they should scatter abroad, cease to organize, and to maintain their organization, and become "like the rest

of us."That was all that they demanded in that early day, and it

is a very true and correct index to the feelings of our enemies that has existed ever since, to the present time. Men are moved by

some influence, some ye what the nature of that spirit—judge

try with all their power to demoralize, spirit or influence is—to

debase and sow the seeds of unbelief, the seeds of corruption, error, lack of faith, and desire to do good; to sow the seeds of disruption

in the hearts of the people called Latterday Saints, in order that their desire might be accomplished, that they should become "like is the differthe rest of them,"like the rest of the world, and what just as the best ence? The difference is simply this: We believe

Christians, or socalled believers in Christ in the world believe, that 72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the Living God; that He is the

Saviour of the world; that He is the Redeemer of men from sin and

from death unto life; and there is no people, whatever their profession may be, that believe in Christ more firmly, more perfectly,

more confidingly, than do the Latterday Saints, but where is the difference? The difference, so far as that belief is concerned, is

this; that the world say all that is necessary is to believe and you

will be saved, but the Latterday Saints declare that it is simply a mockery for men to say they believe in Christ, and refuse to do the works that He did; it is simply folly; it is unChristian; it is inconsistent for men to say that all that is necessary for men is to believe

in Christ and they shall be saved, when Christ Himself declared that He required all men to do the works that He did, and to keep the commandments that He gave unto them. This is the difference. We believe that it is necessary to do the work that He did.

We believe it is necessary to implicitly obey His commands and to follow in His footsteps, to emulate His example to the best of our ability, that we may become more and more like unto Him. Now,

so far as that is concerned, wherein is man injured? Who is hurt?

Who in any sense of the word sustains any wrong at the hands of a people who believe in doing the works that were commanded of the Lord, and in following in His footsteps? Who is wronged by

it? But the trouble is just as the Savior said: "If the light had

not come, then would ye have been without condemnation."

But this is the condemnation of the world, the light has come into the world, and the world loves darkness more than it does the light. That is the condemnation, and there is where the shoe

pinches. And what is the difference? We believe in the Prophet

Joseph Smith;] we believe that the Lord God Almighty raised up

that boy and made him a Prophet, a Seer and a Revelator, and that through him, or that instrumentality, the Lord Almighty has restored to men the fulness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, which is indeed the power of God unto salvation. The world don't

believe it. They are welcome to their belief, whether it bebelief

or unbelief. We are not here as censors upon the judgment or

belief of the children of men We are not here to bring any railing accusations against men for their belief. Let them believe and

worship how, where and what they may. That is their prerogative. But we object to their bringing railing accusations against

our belief and our faith.

REASONS FOR OPPOSITION 73

We think that we should have the same privilege and liberty to believe as we please, that the world has, and that we accede to the world; and because we believe in Joseph Smith as a Prophet of

God, the world is in no wise injured by it, but on the contrary, it is vastly benefited by that belief, at least to the extent that that belief takes hold upon honest men, and brings them to a knowledge of that great truth. What did Joseph reveal? He revealed God

in His own person. He revealed, or has been the instrument in

the hands of God of revealing to the world, Jesus, the Son of God, in His own person. He has been the instrument in the hands of

the Lord of bringing the light to the inhabitants of the world that

God lives, that Christ lives, whom to know is life eternal, and whom the world have ignorantly worshipped as a myth, as something that fills the immensity of space, but is indescribable; as

something that is almighty and allpowerful and allpresent, but without personal existence. Joseph has revealed to the world

that Jesus Christ who was crucified and rose again from the dead, is a personal being, in whose likeness and image man is made, or is begotten in the world, and that the Father is a person in exact similitude to the Son. We have the history of the Son, given us

by His disciples who sojourned with Him while He was in the mortal flesh; that He was born of His mother, Mary; that He was

called the carpenter's son; that He grew to manhood; that He

taught the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and illustrated the example of righteousness, that is the true type for all mankind to imitate and follow; that He possessed power over death, and though they put

Him to death, He rose again, and that while His body lay in the tomb, He proclaimed the same Gospel that He preached to the living, to those that were confined in darkness, and banishment from the presence of the Lord, in outer darkness, because of their wickedness while they were in the flesh; and quickened by the

Spirit, He went and preached the Gospel to them as He had preached it to the living; and that when he rose and identified Himself

beyond the possibility of any doubt to the minds of those who witnessed and saw Him, and knew Him, and afterwards testified of Him to the world, that He was the same that was crucified, bearing the marks of the nails and of the spear in His body; that

He was not a spirit; that He was flesh and bone as tangible as

man, and that a spirit had not this flesh and bone as He had. He

declared this to the world. This same physical, tangible entity

74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

called Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Mary and the Son of God, in

His resurrected body, came to Joseph Smith, revealed Himself to

Joseph Smith, the same God, the same Christ, the same Redeemer of the world that was crucified on Calvary, and that God the

Father, is like His Son; that it would be inconsistent and impossible

for a spirit to beget a man like Christ, and therefore the Father and the Son are the exact resemblance of each other. Joseph revealed

this to the world. Who is hurt by it? Who is injured by this

fact and by this revelation to the children of men? In what

respect is the world worse off for having received this knowledge?

I tell you that the world would be better off, a thousand times better off, if they would but consider this truth and receive it in their hearts, and then be guided by the doctrine that Joseph Smith was the instrument in the hands of God of revealing anew to the world.

This, then, is the difference, but wherein are you injuring anybody by it? What wrong are you doing? None whatever.

Why should men be embittered against you because of this, because of your belief in Joseph Smith? Why should they become

your enemies because you declare your faith in a new revelation from the Father and from the Son to mankind for their guidance?

Why should they? Let me tell you why; for the very same reason

precisely that the embittered and unbelieving Pharisees and hypocrites of the Savior's time persecuted the Redeemer of earth, for the very reason that they later put to death the disciple of

Jesus Christ, whom He ordained as Apostles and as special witnesses of Himself, who bore testimony of Him and of the Gospel to all the nations of the earth. They put them to death one by one,

some of them in the most cruel manner, simply because they preached Jesus Christ, and Him crucified and risen from the dead, and ascended into Heaven, and sitting with all glory and power and majesty and might at the right hand of His Father, God.

The world felt injured by it. Why? Because it laid the ax at the

root of the tree of error, of superstition and of tradition, of lack of faith, and unbelief. It laid the ax at the root of the tree of wickedness in the world, and of ignorance of God and His principles, and

the plan of life and salvation, and the world hated the disciples because of it, and they hated the Son of God because of it, and they crucified Him. They hated the disciples because of it, and they

put them to death. That is why they hate you, for the same

REASONS FOR OPPOSITION 75

reason, that is those that do hate you, those that have exercised their power, their will and their thoughts or minds sufficiently to be imbued with the spirit of persecution and hatred against the light and the truth. What else did Joseph reveal, or did the Lord,

rather, reveal through him? He revealed the identical Gospel

precept for precept, principle for principle, doctrine for doctrine, ordinance for ordinance, the exact Gospel of Jesus Christ that He taught Himself, and in no way did Joseph Smith vary in the least degree from the doctrines taught by the Son of God, even to the doctrine in which the Lord Himself declared that if the Jews who were finding fault with him were the seed of Abraham, they would do the works of Abraham. So that I stand here without any fear

of rational or reasonable or justifiable contradiction, to say that the Prophet Joseph Smith revealed no principle to man, that was not taught, believed in, accepted and approved by the Son of God when He was on the earth, not one thing, and we can prove it prove it by Scriptures, and from history. But we need not enter

into that. What did he reveal? He revealed the Father and Son,

and the Holy Ghost which is a personage of spirit, and not a personage of flesh and bone as God is, and as Jesus is. He revealed the

doctrine that you must believe in God, that you must believe in

Jesus Christ, and in his power of redemption; that you must believe

and, believing, you must repent of your sins, Now, that is a terrible crime in the eyes of some people, to be required to repent of their sins. If some men in the world, that have taken up arms

against the Latterday Saints, were to repent of their sins, God knows there would be nothing left of them. (Laughter). Consequently it is an awful crime to ask men to repent of their sins, but

that is what the Lord taught through Joseph Smith; repentance

of sin, then baptism by immersion with Christ, being buried with

Him in the water, in the liquid grave, and coming forth again out of the liquid grave in likeness of His resurrection from death to life, baptism by immersion, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost, by the laying on of hands; these are necessary for the salvation of

the children of men. Joseph taught this. Who else taught it?

Jesus taught it. Paul taught it. Peter taught it. James taught

it. John taught it. Mathew and Luke and all the Apostles

anciently taught this same doctrine, and left their testimony on record, and it has been handed down to all subsequent generations to the present and we have it to look at today. But some people

76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

think it is a crime, for Latterday Saints to hold to such doctrines as these now, in these latter days. They say it is presumption and

assumption for man to say he possesses authority to baptize for the remission of sins, and to confer the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands. It was not an assumption in the days of Christ, nor was it

a presumption on their part. Authority was given them, and they

were sent out in the world to preach these doctrines, and baptize those who would believe; and those who should believe and should

be baptized should be saved, as the Apostles have said. And yet

Christ Himself has said, "And they that believe not shall be damned."That was His word; that was His decree and His law,

and who will question the right of the Redeemer of men to say the way in which they shall be saved, and the way in which they cannot be saved? Who shall question His right to say that?

Joseph repeated it. We believe it; we have accepted it, and in

this respect we differ from the generality of mankind, and they are wroth about it, angry about it.

(To be concluded in next number,)

War Between Italy and Turkey was precipitated on September 28, by Italy delivering to the Porte an ultimatum, announcing its intention of occupying Tripoli and Cyrene, in Northern Africa, and demanding within twentyfour hours a reply indicating compliance. Italy gives as a

reason for the war that Turkey had permitted a state of disorder in Tripoli and Cyrene which necessitated the action, because these regions "should be admitted to the benefits of the progress realized by other parts of the

Mediterranean and Africa."For a long series of years, furthermore,

Italy has called Turkey's attention to the absolute need of correcting the state of disorder. The moderation and patience of Italy has been sorely

tried, and its view badly received by Turkey. The Italians, it is furthermore, charged, have been systematically opposed and unjustifiably crushed

by the Turkish government;'and so, "to protect its interests and its

dignity,"the Italian government decided to proceed to the military occupation of Tripoli and Cyrene. The Turkish government replied that

the conditions in Tripoli were absolutely normal and that the Italian subjects were amply protected, and that Italian interests were in no danger.

Any cause for complaint would be immediately investigated and remedied. The hope was expressed that Italy would desist from the proposed

action. The government also sent a protest to the Powers which, however, declined to intervene. On September 29, a formal declaration of

was was presented by Italy, whereupon the Duke of Abruzzi, in command of a torpedo squadron of the harbor of Prevesa, near the Greek boundary, attacked Turkish gun boats, and the war began. Italy invaded and took

Tripoli by a powerful fleet of battleships within five hours after the declaration was sent by wireless, by the Italian minister of Marine, to the commander of the blockading squadron off Tripoli.

Editor's Table

John Henry Smith

To the passing of John Henry Smith, pioneer, faithful Churchman, loyal citizen, and bighearted friend, applies with force the biblical expression: "There is a prince and a great man fallen this

day in Israel."From the day of his birth, when his people were

migrating through force of circumstance to the unbroken valleys of the mountains, to the end of his days, he was a cheerful pioneer and builder. His life was free and open as the plains, his character

as staunch as the everlasting hills.

In his constant labors for the Church, and in his untiring efforts for the establishment of the gospel of Jesus Christ, through the organizations of the Church, and in the clean, sweet life he lived, he daily and diligently added to his faith virtue; and to virtue

knowledge; and to knowledge temperance; and to temperance

patience; and to patience godliness; and to godliness brotherly

kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity. And so he grew

and was fruitful in the cause of God upon the earth, and in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ whose devoted servant he was a valiant chieftain, a zealous, noble worker for the Cross. He

was preeminently a lover of mankind, and with cheer and energy devoted his strength to their uplifting, and to the amelioration of is the primary purpose of the Church of Christ,the race—for that

in which he was a faithful member and a beloved leader.

Through his father, George Albert Smith, and a long line of patriot kinsmen, he inherited a strong love of country, which made him a loyal and upright citizen. He was the embodiment of those

great, noble and broadminded principles that teach men to freely tolerate the views of others, giving to them the right of freedom of conscience, and interfering with no man's religious views or that make men willing to grant liberty genworship;—principles

erously to all. John Henry loved the constitution and laws

of his country, and was loyal to the core. He taught respect for

our flag and institutions, and honored our nation's heroes and statesmen. He glorified the dead, and prayed for the living.

78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

His broad spirit of tolerance enabled him to hold factions together for the good of his state and people, even when bitter disputes threatened to disrupt. And what he did with his own,

he was admirably qualified to accomplish with strangers, and so in his activities he allayed prejudice against Utah and her people wherever he journeyed throughout the land, or associated with leaders of men in congresses and conventions.

His masterly eloquence and convincing speech made friends tolerance,everywhere, because there were no stings to bruise—only

truth and brotherly kindness, to win the heart. He not only

went about doing good, but he saw and sought good in all men, and found it; and they in turn respected his sterling manhood,

and loved him and his people for his love of them. His name is

known for good from one end of the land to the other—and with

the Latterday Saints is a household word. It is said that he loves

God most who serves mankind the best. Judged by this standard, John Henry Smith was a true lover of God, for he was a friend

and lover of all men.

Straightforward in his actions, guilty of no double dealing, outspoken, candid, full of cheer and hope, respected and loved by all, hated by none, full of integrity for the truth, and faithful in all things, John Henry Smith has finished his work and passed to his fathers, full of years and honor.

In the great tabernacle, on October 17, the day his body was laidto rest, ten thousand friends, among the hundreds of thousands who mourned his death, paid their tribute of love to him as a man of sterling character, a loyal citizen, a wise counsellor, and a dear, bighearted friend.

A Word to Ward Teachers.

President Joseph F. Smith, at the third session of the late

semiannual conference, said:

There are just a few words that I desire to say in relation to the subject on which some of the brethren have dwelt this morning, which I have no doubt they perfectly understand, but which, so far as I have heard, they omitted to say, and that is this: that the

teachers who visit our homes do not come to visit us as Elders or

Seventies or High Priests or Apostles or Presidents. The teachers

have jurisdiction over the membership of the Church, or the memEDITOR'S TABLE 79 bers of the Church, and when they come to visit us in our homes they, in their calling as teachers, visit us as members of the church, and not as officers or members of the Priesthood; consequently it

is the duty of all members of the Church, no matter who they are, or what priesthood they hold, nor what office they hold in the is their duty to disrobe themselves, if you please, of allChurch,—it

authority except the right of membership, or to be members in the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, for it is the duty and prerogative of the teacher to inquire into the standing of members of the Church. Now, if we will only bear that in mind we will have

no difficulty at all with reference to our "high and mighty"position in the Church. When the teachers visit us we will remember that

we are simply members of the Church, and it is the duty of the teachers to visit the members and to teach the members and to instruct the members of the Church, and to see that the members of the Church have no hard feelings, one against another; that the

members of the Church are united in their family capacities, and that they are in fellowship with the people of God, with their neighbors and with all mankind, and especially that they are in fellowship with God. That is the duty of the teacher; and when

we keep that in mind, everything respecting the duties and authority of the teachers will be plain and clear to us. I want to say this,

too, that if somebody should happen to mount upon the "high horse"of his authority, in the Church, it will be very becoming in the teacher to gently take him off his "high horse,"and bring him down to the level of his membership, and let him understand that he (the teacher) is there to teach him as a member of the Church, and not as an officer of it. The teacher has a right to inquire into

the performance of the duties of all members, and learn whether they are doing their duty as members in all things, or not.

Messenger to the Indians.

The following comes addressed to President Joseph F. Smith:

"In the summer of 1876, a personage appeared to the Indians out west of St. George at a place called Duck Creek. This personage told the Indians that he was one of their forefathers and had

many things to tell them, as he had lived a long time upon the earth. By this man's request, runners were sent out to all the

nearby bands of Indians to bring them together.

80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"This personage, whom the Indians described as having a long white beard, and as being dressed in white, remained with them for several months, and during all that time not an Indian was seen along the Virgin river or its tributaries.

"When the Indians returned to their homes, my brother

Nephi Johnson and myself Sextus E. Johnson called the Indians

together and questioned them about the personage who had appeared to them out west.

"They told us that his name was Nephi, the same as my brother Nephi. He told them that the 'Mormons'were their

friends and they must listen to their counsels, and that in time prophets would come among them and lead them to live a better

life. "They asked him how long he had lived upon the earth. He

told them, but it was so many moons that they could not enumerate them, but it was many hundred years, in fact far beyond their comprehension.

"President Joseph F. Smith: We are satisfied that this personage spoken of did appear to the Indians out west, and that his

name was Nephi, one of the apostles of the Savior whom He chose during his sojourn upon this land.

Nephi and S. E. Johnson.

"Written from memory by S. E. Johnson at Colonia Morelos,

Sonora, Mexico. Sept. 11, 1911."

Birthday is Mother's Day.

I recently read the book The Happy Habit by Mr. Joe

Mitchell Chappie, editor of the National Magazine. The chapter

"Birthday is Mother's day,"I have much pleasure, by the kind permission of Mr. Chappie, in quoting in full for the benefit of Era

readers, hoping it may give them as much pleasure as it gave me:

"It is no idle sentiment that national destiny is today governed by the women in the homes. On my birthday it seems as if I am closer to

her who gave me birth than at any other time, and her memory comes like a benediction in the quiet hours of meditation. All day long I seem

to feel her hand upon my brow, her gentle eyes looking deep into my soul with a smile which reflects the very sunlight of heaven.

"Inspired with the memory of mothers at home, how can our hearts'ideal falter?

EDITOR'S TABLE 81

"Looking backward over the years, into the dim past, one day of my childhood stands out somehow beyond all the others. I was playing

in the sandpile under the maples, when my mother called me. I toddled

toward her, and she clasped me to her breast, saying (how well I remember the words)—'This is your birthday, my boy,—no longer my baby.'

"And I remember the answer I made: 'Why can't I alius be your

baby?'Ah! little did I understand!

"The succeeding birthdays we were alone together. Few words

sufficed; mother and I did not talk with mere words. * * * She taught

me to love the old flag for which her brothershaddied, which was always brought forth to grace my birthday. She taught me to be kind, and to

try to live well every day—alas! that faroff Eden!

"Then birthdays came when the serious work of life was taken up.

The drives in the prairies of the West whitened with buffalo bones marked trails of the departed bison—among cooing plovers and nodding

w7ild roses. Here, close to the real vastness of primeval nature,

I have communed with my mother and drank deep of the love that no human relationship can supplant. The symphony of bird song and

rustling leaves brought the great mysteries of the infinite close to the finite touch. In God's own temple we worshipped, she and I.

"Never have I seen a frown on that sweet face. Awaking from the

turbulent delirium of fever, I saw bending over me two tender blue eyes;

when I slept again, weak and weary, those wells of tenderness still watched over me. let the tears come, for they water the fragrant Tears—yes,

flowers of memory. All I am or can ever hope to be I owe to that dear

one. And all our nation is today or will be in the future we shall owe to

the mothers.

"Here's a birthday toast: 'God bless and make us ever remember

living and the sainted mothers.'them—the

I fully concur with the author that "It is no idle sentiment that national destiny is today governed by the women in the homes,"and firmly believe that by the women of our nation finally will be worked out for the nation's benefit the solution of many of the greatest problems, the greatest of which in my opinion will be the final banishment of the liquor traffic from our great country as complete and perfect as the banishment of the slave traffic. Right here and right now I desire to digress long enough

to express my hatred of this traffic in a few of the forceful "hates"from the wellknown statements of exGovernor Hanly of Indiana:

"Personally, I have seen so much of the evils of the traffic in the last four years, so much of its economic waste, so much of its physical ruin, so much of its mental blight, so much of its tears and heartaches that I have come to regard the business as one that must be held and controlled by strong and effective laws. I bear no malice toward those engaged in

the business, but I hate the traffic. I hate its every phase. * * *

I hate it as virtue hates vice, as truth hates error, as righteousness hates 82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sin, as justice hates wrong, as liberty hates tyranny, as freedom hates oppression.

"I hate it as Abraham Lincoln hated slavery. And as he sometimes

saw in prophetic vision the end of slavery and the coming of the time when the sun should shine and the rain should fall upon no slave in the republic so I sometimes seem to see the end of this unholy traffic; the

coming of the time, when, if it does not wholly cease to be, it shall find no safe habitation anywhere beneath Old Glory's stainless stars."

Again quoting from Mr. Chappie: "Inspired with the memories of mothers at home, how can our hearts'ideal falter?"With

how much more force will the son of the noble and true mother be inspired to carry out his noble ideals when that mother who was so near and dear to his heart, and who was the main spring to inspire him with noble thoughts and ideals, has passed from life!

When such a mother has gone to a glorious reward, his strongest incentive comes from an intense desire to so live that his every act may meet with the loved one's approval, and also from the undying hope that he can so live that when life's battle is o'er he will be worthy to meet and associate with her throughout the countless ages of eternity. There is not a shadow of doubt on his mind that

she has earned her crown and received the right to dwell forever with her Savior. I too can say of my mother with Mr. Chappie of

his mother: "She taught me to love the old flag * * * *

She taught me to be kind, and to try to live well every day.—Alas!

that far off oh, how I do hope and pray with all the Eden!"—And

power of my soul for strength to live up to her teachings. Often

in public and in private I have acknowledged that all I am or ever hope to be of real and lasting worth in this life,I owe to the teachings and example of my mother. It is a pleasure to repeat and endorse

without reservation the closing tribute and splendid toast with which the author ends his chapter: "All that I am or hope to be I

owe to that dear one. 'And all our nation is today or will be in the

future we shall owe to the mothers.""Here's a birthday toast:

God bless and make us ever remember them—the living and the

sainted mothers."

Mr. Chappie's inspiring words brought tears to my eyes, and

will no doubt do so to the eyes of others, who, like myself, have been called upon to part with a noble mother. The poem, "To

My Son,"is a splendid companion piece to "Birthday is Mother's day"and with pleasure I quote it:

EDITOR'S TABLE 83

TO MY SON.

Do you know that your soul is of my soul such a part,

That you seem to be fibre and core of my heart?

None other can pain me as you, dear, can do,

Noneother can please me or praise me as you.

j Remember the world will be quick with its blame,

If shadow or stain ever darken your name, "Like mother like son"is a saying so true

The world will judge largely of mother by you.

Be your's then the task, if task it should be,

To force the proud world to do homage to me,

Be sure it will say when its verdict you've won,

She reaped as she sowed. Lo! This is her son.

Margaret Johnstone Graflin.

If the ability were mine, it would be used to impress, beyond the power of time to efface, upon the heart of every son the fact that he is "fibre and core"of his mother's heart, and to inspire him with all the power and determination of his being to make "the proud world"do homage to her who offered her life as a sacrifice, if need be, on the altar of love, that he might have birth.

Heber J. Grant.

in the M. I. A. A Tribute to John Henry Smith—His Labors

At the funeral services of President John Henry Smith, Elder

Heber J. Grant paid this tribute to him, in connection with his

labors in the M. I. A:

Elder John Henry Smith's official connection with the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations dated back almost to the commencement of the organization in June, 1875. He had been

called home from his European mission, in the following August, on account of the serious illness of his father, Pres. Geo. 'A. Smith,

arriving in time to spend about two weeks at his bedside before he died on September 1st.

John Henry attended a few of the meetings that were beingheld to organize the associations that fall, and on the 6th of November, 1875, received a letter of appointment, in connection with

Elders Milton H. Hardy and B. Morris Young, from the First

Presidency of the Church, "to take up and continue the work of 84 IMPROVEMENT ERA

organizing the associations throughout the Church,"which had been begun by Elder Junius F. Wells, who had, a few days before,

started upon a mission to the middle and eastern states.

During the winter of 1875-6 Elders Smith, Hardy and Young were very active, visiting and holding meetings in a good many places in the territory. They reported the result of their labors

at the first conference of the associations, held in the Old Tabernacle, April 8, 1876. There had been organized up to that time

fiftythree associations, with about 1,200 members. Some time

before this conference Elder Smith was called to be bishop of the 17th ward, November 22, 1875, holding that office until he was ordained to the apostleship, October 27, 1880.

The duties of these offices in the Priesthood occupied the greater part of his time, the burden of the work among the young men falling upon other shoulders. He, nevertheless, was always

interested in the associations, and when the General Superintendency was sustained, in June, 1897, and a General Board of Aids or Assistants was appointed, he was chosen to be one of these; and

in this position continued, officially and actively, to labor for the welfare of the organization until his death. In his public ministry,

visiting the conferences and missions of the Church, at which meetings for the young people were arranged, he would be sure to attend such meetings; and his discourses to the young were always

inspired with interest and love for them, and were inspiring and encouraging to them, to be true to their birthright in the Church and loyal to their country.

In the meetings of the General Board, of which he was always a faithful attendant when possible, his counsel was for the wise and evincing great concern forprudent and patriotic course—always

preserving the young men of the community in purity of thought and conduct. His pride and ambition was to have them worthy

of the companionship of pure women, and willing to be the protectors of such. He advocated early marriage among them, and the

assumption by every young man of the duties and responsibilities of the head of a family. He believed that such men made the best

citizens of the Republic, and he was tireless in urging young men lovers of their country, defenders ofto become good citizens—to be

he constitution, loyal to the flag.

He advocated and practiced the advice of the Prophet Joseph, given to his father—"Preach short sermons, and make short

EDITOR'S TABLE 85

prayers; and deliver your sermons with a prayerful heart."

In his passing out of this life, the young men of Zion, and, for that matter, the young men of all the world, lose an exemplar and loving advocate of what a young man should be. Every young

man who needs a friend has lost one in his death; but they have

the memoiy of one true and faithful, and in every way worthy of praise and emulation, so long as they remember the life and character of John Henry Smith.

Messages from the Missions.

SHEFFIELD CONFERENCE, ENGLAND.

A. Laverne Riggs, writing from Sheffield, England, August 10, says

that recent agitation has caused the people to study both sides of the "Mormon"question. It is then easy for them to attack the frail arguments put up by the agitators. Many people are seeking after the truth

and the elders are making many friends. Once they become interested,

they investigate thoroughly, and many of them become converts and defend the people who are maligned. The group of elders herewith are

all from Cache Valley, and had the pleasure of spending the 24th of

July together in fond remembrance of the pioneers of 1847. Their names

are left to right: J. R. Anderson, A. Laverne Riggs, Edwin Clawson,

Benjamin Layton, Pred C. Parker, Arthur Kidman and Heber C. Cooper.

Elder J. G. Gubler, Portland, Maine, July 5, says: "Two years since,

the Maine Conference was organized under the direction of Willam H.

Steed, of Cardston, Canada. The people were very bitter against us, and

prejudice prevailed throughout the whole conference. So many ridiculous stories and falsehoods had been told that many of the real New

Englanders really thought the 'Mormons'nothing but a band of halfbreed

Indians and outlaws. In the past two years there has been a wonderful

change in sentiment, through the earnest efforts of the elders. Much of

86 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the prejudice is eradicated, and we find many on every hand willing and often eager to listen to our testimonies of the restored gospel of Jesus

Christ."At a recent conference which the elders held, five persons were

baptized. The elders'circle of friends is large, and they hope for more

converts soon to apply for baptism. The elders aim first to gain the good

will and confidence of the people, when it becomes easy to preach the gospel. Many people are hungering for the truth, and the surprise of

these people is that the elders have just what they have been looking for.

It has been a source of great comfort to the elders to know that several of the early leaders of the Church came from the New England section, and that there are undoubtedly many more who would be as faithful, true and great as these were; and the elders hope that the light will come to them

through their humble efforts.

Elder George F. Johnson

writes from Toronto, Canada, September 3, stating that the elders assigned to labor in Toronto have taken great pleasure in the street meetings which they have held. They have borne testimonies to many people, and distributed a great deal of literature.

The people there are religiously inclined and hence more easily approached than most people in the larger cities of the states. Of

late they have been laboring in the country districts in Toronto. "We realize that the harvest is great

but the laborers are few, and we desire to proclaim the gospel, and feel that the arm of the Almighty is at the helm, so that this work cannot fail.

We pray the Lord to enable us to prove worthy of the name we bear."

The names of the elders are, back row: Thomas C. Blackburn, Blackfoot,

Idaho; Ira B. Cannon, Salt Lake City; George F. Johnson, Fountain

Green, Utah; Ira Parnell Hinckley, Salt Lake City.

Elder John W. Arlington writing from Onvit, Louisiana, July 25,

reports that the Louisiana Conference is prospering. "'Mormonism'is

appealing to the honest people who think for themselves. They see in it

the true way to life eternal, and that it is the power of God unto salvation, regardless of the slanders hurled at us through the different periodicals. Thinking people realize that there are two sides to a question, and

many tell us that they do not believe all that is published against us; but

there are others who are not willing to believe anything but evil about us."

Elder J. Earl Ballantyne, writing from Tillset, Germany, gives an

account of a visit with his father and mother to the birthplace of Elder

Karl G. Maeser of which the Era printed a portrait in the last

.ssue. The address of the building is Zecherlaer Strasse 16, Meissen, SaxEDITOR'S TABLE 87

ony. Elder Maeser was born January 16, 1828. In his town the famous

Dresden China is made. Elder Ballantyne visited the porcelain factory

before hunting up the birthplace of Elder Maeser. The house is a typical

middleGerman one, and is occupied by a family named Lehmann. Several

of the old residents, however, remember the Maeser family. "Just as we

were taking a picture, a pair of the children of the place came up with their 'horses'and wagon. Dogs are used in this way very much in Germany, and it is no easy life for them. Prussia is perhaps not the most

desirable place in the world to live. One of our branches, Memel is the

northernmost city of Germany, and is within a stones'throw of Russia.

As a rule the people are poor and ignorant, but as we are working at present among the middle classes, we meet and have some of the finest Saints in the world. I like the country, however, and enjoy the change in

climate and scenery. Conditions are very different here than in middle

Germany, and in learning to meet the conditions one. progresses. I was

thirteen months in Hannover, one of the most beautiful cities in Germany."

A. Wilford Nielson, Huntsville, Utah, and Charles C. Sorensen, Ovid,

Idaho, write from Mosjoen, Norway, August 18, that they enjoy their labors in the mission field very much. They

have done much country tracting in the scattered district where they labor, and have found it very inconvenient to obtain accomodations. A man by the name of JansenFuhr has been traveling in Scandinavia giving

lectures on Utah and the "Mormons"showing pictures of the leaders of the Church and Salt

Lake City. Friends who visited the lectures obtained a very different idea of the "Mormons"

from the pictures than from the lectures.

His pictures showed that the "Mormons"were an intelligent class of people; his lecture,

the contrary. He wrote some very untruthful stories in the newspapers, but the editors

kindly gave them permission to answer his statements. Since it is against the law to

hold meetings on the streets, the elders have not held many meetings during the summer.

A minister named P. Aslev, not unknown in Utah, is succeeding

temporarily in giving the missionaries of the Latterday Saints in the

Swedish Mission some trouble. He has dug up some old law and applied

it to them, and is sending complaints to the authorities asking that they be exiled from Sweden. Four missionaries laboring in northern Sweden

have been banished by the authorities. These are Hyrum E. Hanson,

and Gustaf Larsson, from Sundsvall and Hernosand; and Amos C. Nilson

. Cederlund who have been laboring in Ostersund. The cause ofHarold H

their banishment is that they are Americans with no visible means of 88 IMPROVEMENT ERA

support, and that they preach "Mormonism."They all deny having

labored to induce natives to emigrate to America, and no such charge is booked against them. Pastor Aslev declares he will continue to complain

until the elders are all exiled.

Pres. J. T. Simkins, of the South Texas Conference, writes that the

missionary work is progressing in that part of the country. The elders

are laboring at present in the cities, are enthusiastic in their work, and are placing much literature in the hands of the people which is bringing many to the light of the tru th and causing bitterness to cease. The Elders are: front row, left

to right: Charles D.

Terry, Provo, Utah;

John Shurtz, Escalarte, Utah; James T. Sinkins, Springville, Utah,

back row; F. L. Cheney, Burley, Idaho Myron Dabbott, Mesquite, Nevada; Elisha Wilbur, Lorenzo, Idaho; William Marsden, Parowan, Utah;

Elder Lester L. Miller and George H. Anderson writes from San

Francisco, Cal., that the elders shown herewith recently made a country

trip to San Raphael, a small city north of San Francisco. They

made a number of friends but most of the people were very indifferent. "Four churches are

within a stone's throw of each I f other in this city of four thousand inhabitants, but only one was used for regular service. A lady

friend informed us that the other 1 'B three were too poor to hire a k regular minister. This seems to

W, us to be in fulfillment of the words of Paul: "This know also, that

in the last days perilous times "shall come. For men shall be

* '1 lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, ****** highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a

form of Godliness, but denying the power thereof; from such turn

1-5. The elders are: left, Thomas F. Nielson, Ephraim, away."—2 Tim.

front, George H. Anderson, Oak City; Utah; right, George W.Gibson

Alta, Canada; back, Lester L. Miller, Hyrum, Utah.

EDITOR'S TABLE 89

L. D. S. CHURCH, FRANKLIN, WEST VA.

Elder L. M. Jensen, president of the North West Virginia Conference,

writing from Fairmont, September 12, encloses pictures of the Church,

Saints and friends of Franklin,

West Virginia. The elders are

proud of their little church, as it is the only one they have in the state of West Virginia. It is a

great credit to the Saints of Franklin, and also to the elders who assisted in its erection. The

building is 20 by 30 feet and is well finished inside and out. It

is neatly painted and seated.

They hold a good Sunday School every Sunday with John C. Hart-

m::n as superintendent.

Elder Richard T. Astle, Tacoma, Wash,, writes: "There are two elders

and two lady missionaries laboring in this city. Two Sunday schools and

two sacrament meetings are held each Sunday. We have also a Bible

class of ten members at Payallup. One boy after attending the Bible

class stated that he had learned more in relation to the life of Christ and the Bible from Sister Strong than he had ever before learned in all his life of fifteen years."They have some very faithful Saints and investigators,

and many of the latter have expressed themselves that if there is a true church on earth the Latterday Saints have it. Some time ago the elders

90 IMPROVEMENT ERA

visited the home of J. N. Smith, at one time very intimately connected

with the leaders of the Church through the street car and electric light service of Salt Lake City, and also with the wiring of the Temple and

Tabernacle, and the organ motor. He bore a strong testimony to the

integrity of the Church authorities and entertained the elders royally giving them a hearty invitation to return. Recently a spiritualist preacher

visited their fast meeting. He was invited to speak, and said among other

things that hypocrites did not follow unpopular religions. He bore testimony to the claims of Joseph Smith relating to the Book of Mormon, and

stated that it was impossible to write beyond his time, as the prophet had done, without getting inspiration apart from his own knowledge. A boy

of the prophets'age could not write a book of that kind without inspiration. On the 31st of August the elders there had the pleasure of baptising

three people, while on the 7th of September seven more were led into the waters of baptism, making ten in that one week. At the confirmation meeting, President Melvin J.

Ballard was present and addressed the people on the duties of the saints. Meetings are well

attended by investigators who have had their interest awakened by street meetings which have been held. Left to right: John

T. Hislop, West Weber; MattieStrong, Alpine, Utah; Richard T.

Astle, Afton Wyoming, Janet Bullock, Pleasant Grove. Utah.

Elder H. Fred Egan, Jr., writing from County Armagh, Ireland,

August 13. relatesthat in spite of opposition and slanders recently

published in the newspapers and magazines, many people are becoming more desirous of learning more about "Mormonism.""We

have just enough opposition in our street meetings to make the listeners interested, and we often find many of the genuine Irish who love fair play. In our

country tracting, we find the Irish a very hospitable and warmhearted people. We are enjoying our work very much. The

elders laboring in County Armagh are, back row, left to right:

T. F. McDonald, Murray; P. J. Welch, Paradise; H. L. Pierson, Plymouth, Utah; front: H. Fred Egan Jr., Salt Lake City.

President Andrew Jenson, of the Scandinavian Mission, returned to

Copenhagen from a trip to Iceland, August 29. He went there having

EDITOR'S TABLE 91

in view preparations for the further introduction of missionary work in that country. Elder Alma Peterson accompanied him. They left Denmark on August 6, going via Scotland and the Faroe Islands. Hon.

Jacob Apples, Minister of Education of Denmark, was a passenger on the ship, and President Jenson took the opportunity of forming his acquaintance, and having several interviews with him in relation to the position of the government to the "Mormons,"and also concerning the campaign of the anti-"Mormons"Freece and Thoreson. Mr. Apples though not

expressing any special favor towards the Latterday Saints was friendly, showing neither antipathy nor bitterness towards them or their religion.

On the 1 1th they reached Reykjavik, the capital of Iceland. Here, on the

18th of August Elder Jenson held an illustrated lecture in one of the large meeting houses. A priesthood and sacrament meeting was also held

with two of the missionaries now laboring in that land, Elders Jacob B.

Johnson and Haldor Johnson, and the only two members of the Church now abiding in Reykjavik in attendance. On the whole island there are

only 26 members of the Church. These are scattered in many different

places. On returning to Denmark, Elder Jenson held an illustrated lecture on board ship, on "Utah and her People,"which an interested number of people, officers and passengers attended. Elder Jenson declares

that this journey to Iceland was one of the most romantic and interesting of his many missionary trips.

Elder Walter Rawlins, Jr.

states in a letter to the Era, dated September 8, that the elders herewith have just completed fortythree open air meetings during the month of August, in and near the city of Derby, in the Nottingham Conference, England. They enjoyed the work

greatly and met good success. The names left to right are: John W.

Haslam, Salt Lake City; Walter Rawlins, Jr., Fairview, Idaho; Lawrence M. Brown, Cardston, Canada; Frederick C. Clark, Alpine, Utah,

branch president.

Elder Ernest W. Irwin writes from Laketown, Utah, October 3

ordering five yearly subscriptions for the Era, volume 15, to be sent to as many of his friends in the mission field, in Michigan. He says:

"While I was in the mission field, I found the Era to be such a friendmaker that I feel well able and pleased to send these my friends the Era, and trust to its valuable contents in doing good, for my recompense. We

hope also to send you a goodly number of renewals, with as many new subscribers as we can obtain in our ward."

Priesthood Quorums'Table.

Important Report of the Priesthood Committee—In a report dated

Salt Lake City, Oct. 6, 1911, and which was read at the priesthood meeting at the general semiannual conference, the needs and importance of

the quorums are set forth:

To the officers, teachers, and members of the Quorums of Priesthood in the Church. Dear Brethren:—In a revelation on Priesthood, given

thro gh Joseph the Prophet, at Kirtland, Ohio, 183S, the following admonition is found:

Wherefore now let every man learn his duty, and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all diligence.

He that is slothful shall not be counted worthy to stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows himself not approved, shall not be counted worthy to stand.

The two principal elements of these summarizing paragraphs are, first: The learning of one's duty; second: The faithful pe formance of

duty.

These two purposes should ever be kept in mind by priesthood quorums. Indeed, men who hold the authority of the priesthood are united

in quorums to the end that individuals may learn why the priesthood was given them, what it comprehends, and how the power they hold may be best exercised in establishing truth and righteousness among men.

The priesthood meetings, monday nights, are only a means to this end. They are supposed to be favorable opportunities fo receiving

increased knowledge of the gospel; of learning one's duty, and of receiving

special appointments for labor during the week.

Now, upon whom does the responsibility of giving this instruction depend? Plainly, upon the presiding authority of each quorum; for the

Lord has specifically stated that the duty of officers is to sit in council with the members of their quorum, and to teach them according to the covenants. In may cases, the presidents of quorums, and stake or ward

authorities, have appointed special instructors; indeed, this is a necessity

where quorums are divided into several classes, as many of them are.

Thus the direct responsibility of teaching devolves upon (1st) the officers of the quorum, and (2nd) upon class instructors. Upon the efficiency of

these brethren as leaders and teachers depends the success of quorum work. If these men be careless in their habits, neglectful of their prayers,

indolent in their study of the gospel, unheedful of the need of the guiding influence of the Holy Spirit, their success in their classes and quorums is impossible.

Preparation of Instructors. It is, therefore, urged as the present

greatest need in the Priesthood movement that the best judgment be exercised in the appointing of class instructors, and that some provision be made in each stake whereby these teachers may themselves be taught.

In several of the leading stakes, such provision is made at the regular monthly priesthood meeting. Here every officer and class instructor, and

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 93

as many members as can possibly attend, are expected to be present.

After general opening exercises and instructions from the stake authorities, the officers of each quorum then devoted an hour or so to special consideration of its outlines, lessons and duties. In this way the leaders in the

various quorums receive renewed encouragement and additional inspiration in their work, and by subsequent study and necessary application, they meet their classes full of the true spirit of the lesson; and members

of the class are led to drink, not at a stagnant pool, but at a clear, sparkling fountain of truth.

Members as Teachers. This thorough preparation of officers and

instructors, by study and also by faith, is emphasized as the first necessary condition leading to the awakening of interest and a desire to study on the part of quorum members. Certain it is that not only officers and instrucors are to learn their duty and to act in all diligence in the performance

of it, but every man in the quorum as well; and to this end all stake and

ward authorities are urged, first, to teach the instructors how to teach;

and second, having led quorum members to learn what their duty is, to make intelligent assignments that each member may exercise his priesthood effectively among the saints whom he may be called to teach. Thus,

every man who holds the Priesthood becomes a teacher as the Lord intends he should be.

Ward Teachers. In this connection, the duty of the ward teacher

should be considered one of the most important callings in the Church.

He who labors in this capacity is never free from the responsibility of teacher. His duty is not wholly performed when he visits the homes in

his district once a month; but, as the Lord says, in Doc. and Cov. section

20, he is to watch over the Church always, to be with and strengthen them.

In this constant care and supervision the ward teacher encourages each individual member of the Church to perform his duties faithfully, whether that duty be preparation of lessons, payment of tithing, observing the

Word of Wisdom, keeping holy the Sabbath day, living at peace with his neighbors, or attendance at sacrament meetings. In illustration of this

point, the following incident may be cited:

In a ward fast meeting held not long ago, a brother in giving his testimony quoted impressively from the Book of Mormon; following him

a ward teacher arose and prefaced his remarks by expressing his gratification at seeing so many of the members of his district present, and then added, "I wish to call your attention again to the quotation given from the Book of Mormon by Brother—I suggest that you read the entire

chapter, and we will talk about it when I visit this month."

Here was a teacher who made the Saints feel that he was interested in their welfare, whose actions proved to them that he was watching over them always, that he was ever ready to be with and to strengthen them.

If every ward teacher would attend sacrament meetings, note those present from his district, as well as those who are absent, and at the first opportunity commend the former, and extend a kind invitation to the latter, the attendance at our sacrament meetings would be materially increased.

9.4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In this connection, it is urged that bishops hold, regularly, the ward monthly priesthood meetings, at which teachers may report their labors and receive instructions from the presiding authority in the ward. There

is not time for this work at a regular Monday night Priesthood meeting, unless class work be disepnsed with. It is necessary, therefore, to set

this monthly meeting at another time, most convenient for all interested.

Summer Work. Recent inquiry of stake presidencies made known

the fact that reports from 36 stakes showed that 40 % of the wards had continued Priesthood meetings through the summer, some on Monday night, and others at an hour on Sunday that did not interfere with Sunday school, Sacrament meeting or other established meetings. Some of these

wards, we know, have had difficulty in doing satisfactory work, but others have been exceptionally successful. On the whole, success in Priesthood

work is much more promising than discouraging. The present urgent

needs are first, a keener realization of the importance of quorum influence;

second, officers filled with the spirit of their calling; third, intelligent,

inspirational class instructors; fourth, active membership, fostering the

true spirit of the brotherhood of Christ, and fifth, active supervision by the Stake Presidencies, High Councils and Bishoprics.

New Outlines. The third series of outlines will be ready for distribution early in December, in time for explanation and assignments to

be made at the December monthly Stake Priesthood meeting. It is

suggested that orders be sent to the Improvement Era, so that the books may reach the various stakes before the last Priesthood meeting held this year. If this be done, all ward meetings may be prepared to commence the

new course of study on the second Mondav in January, 1912.

The course of study for each quorum is as follows: High Priests,

Principles of the Gospel; Seventies, The Atonement, (until Oct. 1912);

Elders, The Articles of Faith Applied; Priests, Church Government;

Teachers, The Apostolic Age; Deacons, The Latterday Prophet.

Ever praying for the success of those chosen to carry on the work of redeeming the world, we are, Respectfully your brethren, The Priesthood Committee, By David O. McKay, Chairman.

David A. Smith, Secretary.

May Bain Murdock, born October 5, 1833, in Dundee, Scotland, died in Beaver, Utah, October 3, 1911. She joined the Church in 1849,

crossed the plains in the handcart company of Capt. J. G. Willie, in 1856,

leaving Iowa in July and arriving in Salt Lake in November. She

married John R. Murdock soon after her arrival, and has lived in Beaver

since 1865. In all her hardships she was cheerful and full of hope and

trust.

Mutual Work

Leaders in Athletics and Field Sports.

Salt Lake City, Utah. Oct. 11, 1911.

To the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.,

is apparent that one of the most urgent needs Dear Bretheren:—It

of our M. I. A. work is leaders, trained in athletics and field sports. This

line of work under proper supervision would become a great moral factor in our community, and would result in helping many young men to nobler and better lives, but without proper guidance and trained leadership, it may become more harmful than helpful.

To meet this situation the Deseret Gymnasium has offered to give a brief Normal Course, consisting of 100 lessons as follows:

Anthropometry, 10 lessons; administration and methods, 10 lessons;

gymnastic dancing, 20 lessons; Calisthenics and marching, 20 lessons;

gymnastics and games, 20 lessons; athletics, basket ball, base ball, volley

ball and tennis, 20 lessons.

The students would have five recitation periods daily, and clinical work could be done in our general classes in the Gymnasium. Special

lectures and roundtable discussions would also be arranged. A fee of

five dollars would be charged each student for this course.

Your committee are of the opinion that if proper men be selected to take this work, it will greatly promote rational sports and physical training in the wards and stakes of Zion. They therefore respectfully submit

the following recommendations:

First. That each ward be asked to send one or more representatives

to this class, and that each stake be asked to send at least one representative to take this work.

Second. That the course be given during the months from November

20 to December 20, and from January 20 to -February 20, and that in stakes and wards where suitable volunteers are not available, good capable men should be called by the local authorities to come and take the course recommended.

L. R. Martineau, Chariman, Hyrum M. Smith, B. F. Grant, Oscar A.

Kirkham, B. S. Hinckley.

Committee on Athletics, Field Sports, Outdoor Activities and Employment.

We approve of this report, and recommend that it be carried out by the authorities of the wards and stakes.

Joseph F. Smith,

Heber J. Grant,

B. H. Roberts, Superintendencv and the

General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Checking up the Work,

The duty of a stake superintendent of a Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association to his ward officers is to instruct, direct, and 96 IMPROVEMENT ERA

correct them, and then to expect results by checking them up in their work. This he can do best by meeting with them regularly, in monthly

gatherings; hence the necessity of regular monthly officers'meetings

which are often held on Priesthood day so as to give the officers an opportunity both to attend Priesthood meeting and to attend to their

Mutual Improvement Association instruction meeting. In giving reports

and instructions, the subject matter should answer these questions:

(1) What is being done? (2) What is undone that should be done?

(3) Tell how to do it.

Some matters that need immediate attention are the distribution of the manuals, the canvass of the ward for the Era, the arrangements for collecting the M. I. A. fund. It is presumed that preparations already

have been made for classwork, conjoint programs, missionary work, debates, readings, preliminary programs, and other activities. But is it

well to ask the officers the second question, in your November monthly meeting, on these subjects.

New Members of the General Board

On August 30, 1911, Elder Nephi Anderson, wellknown to our readers as a frequent contributor to the Improvement Era, a writer of books and stories, and associate editor of the Utah Genoalogical and

Historical Magazine, was sustained as a member of the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. His experience in this work, as superintendent of the

Box Elder Stake for a number of years, and his constant labors in the cause, will make him a valuable member, and will add to the efficiency of the labors of the General Board in the various stakes of Zion.

On September, 20, Elder John H. Taylor was sustained as a member

of the General Board. Elder Taylor is a young man of experience in

Mutual work, and particularly interested in athletics and field sports.

He is a member of the Athletic Committee, and will pay especial attention to the introduction of activities pertaining to this committee among the junior members of the associations throughout the Church. We bespeak

will and assistance of thefor these brethren—new in the Board—the good

officers of the associations throughout the Church.

Winfield Scott Schley, retired > rearadmiral of the United States

Navy, and hero of the battle of Santiago de Cuba, in which Cervera's

Spanish fleet was wiped out, July 3, 1898, died in New York, October 2, 1911, of apoplexy. He was born in Frederick City, Maryland, October

9, 1839. He was in all the naval engagements, March 16 to July 9, 1863;

and was in command of the Greeley relief ships, Thetis, Bear and Alert, in 1884, returning August 1 to Portsmouth, N. H., having found Greeley

at Cape Sabine, June 24. He was made rearadmiral, August 10, 1898.

On visiting Utah, that year he was the object of continued ovation, and addressed the people in the leading cities.

AVE ARE PLEASED TO CORRESPOND WITH CLUBS AND

ATHLETIC ASSOCIATIONS REGARDING THEIR REQU1REMENTR AVE ARE THE LARGEST

EXCLUSIAE SPORTING GOODS DEALERS TN THE UNITED STATES, AND THAT POSITION IMPLIES QUALITY AND INTEGRITY. COLT AUTOMATIC PISTOL

32 Caliber BROWNING BROS. CO. (One of Browning's Patents) OGDEN, UTAH

60 O WE PAY PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

201 Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS, Manager

CALIFORNIA BLOCKELECTRIC

SIGNAL VIA PROTECTION

When You Travel EAST The Best Way City Ticket3—TRAINS DAILY - 3

Office LOS ANGELES LIMITED THE AMERICAN EXPRESS Hotel THE OVERLAND Utah 2 Trains Daily Each Way to "The OverlandVIA%Route"Bingham.

3 Trains Daily to Utah County Four trains daily over one of

Points. the best ballasted tracks in the

couutry in the most comfortable cars money and care can

For Tickets, Information, see any provide

Salt Lake Route Agent.

This assures J. H. MANDERFIELD, A. G P. A TRAVEL COMFORT

Salt Lake City TRAVEL SAFETY

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)

OUR GUARANTEE THAT THERE IS NO COFFEE OR CHICORY IN Kof feet

We guarantee that there is not a particle of coffee, chicory or other harmful or injurious substances in KOFFEET. To any

person who can prove otherwise, we offer a standing

Reward of $1,000 KOFFEET is made of fruits, grains, and molasses. It is

the first real coffee substitute. Twentyfive cents. At your

grocers. Made by '

College Pure Food Co. Logan, Utah

CULLENUNDER NEW MANAGEMENT HOTEL==SALT LAKE CITY

THE CULLEN HOTEL offers exceptional advantages to the tourist=and traveler, also to families who desire a hotel home with every convenience. The courteous service and moderate prices will appeal to

those in quest of comfort and luxury.

RATES One Person.4 $1.00 per Day and Up

Two Persons $1.50 per Day and Up

With Private Bath, One Person. $1.50 and Up

With Private Bath, Two Persons $2.00 and Up

OUR NEW CAFE POPULAR PRICES EXCELLENT SERVICE

EVERYTHING FOR THE FARM

Exclusive Agents for Franklin, Velie and Overland Automobiles.

CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO.

LEADING IMPLEMENT VEHICLE HAHDWATtE AND

AUTOMOBILE DEALERS Utah. Idaho.\yyt>rninjJ &Nevada GEO. T. ODELL. General Manager

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA)