TllmprouementEra TODAY! STEADY FLA Imagine!... a One of those

little elves."STEADY"LECTURES "NEW FREEDOM FOR HOMEMAKERS'flame, talking! cute

What fun!

THE LADIES

(and do they love if!)

... like all New Freedom gas kitchens, it is designed SILENT with GAS. No moving parts to get out of

for assemblyline food preparation, saving you countorder or make a noise. HOT WATER SERVICE, with

is absolutely less steps. COOKING is automatic, with selflighting an automatic GAS water heater,

burners, oven heatcontrol and a timeclock that turns dependable and costs so little, you need never skimp the oven on and off while you're away. Nothing on hot water needs. * In

equals the modern GAS range for flexibility, speed, YOUR new or remodeled economy. That's why so many homes in this home, have a MODERN

area use GAS for cooking. REFRIGERATION is kitchen... GASequipped.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities.

J - "*

Lucky bees... that gather their honey from the

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. sweet Chapparal that grows high in the Rockies.

And lucky kids.. to have nourishing Graham

C ixtynine words are used for half of Crackers in their luncheons made with such. all the words used in speech and distinctive sweetening.

towriting, Godfrey Dewey. according

of, and, to, as: the,Such words a, in, CARTOONWrite for yourCOOKERYFREE copypackedof

that, it, is, and sixty others are used with smart new recipes.

over and over.

rpHE famous "Blue Boy"by Gains- "borough in the Huntington collection in California has been discovered, by Roman C. Diorio, to have another

painting underneath on the same canvas. GRHHRM

""pHE irrigated area of India is three "times as great as the land under irrigation in the United States.

i TLTope for sufferers from hay fever, * *"asthma, migraine, and other allergic conditions has been given by the announcement of a new successful chemical treatment. Dr. W. Merritt Ketcham

used ethylene disulfonate in from one to six injections which removed most or all of the patient's symptoms for six to eighteen months.; PURITY4

|*\ouble beds can now accommodate the different needs and tastes of the two sleepers with a new dualcontrol automatic electric blanket. The two

halves of the blanket are wired separately and can be set at different temperatures to keep both sleepers comfortable. Mlfjssstr

A new phosphorescent plastic which ** stores enough daylight to keep luminous for six to eight hours after dark will be useful for house numbers, street markers, automobile dashboards, handrails, and marking dials. DURKEE'S-

rTto withstand Siberian winters a spe- * cial apple tree has been developed fatuitte, MAYONNAISE which creeps horizontally along the ground instead of growing vertically. Smooth, delicious Durkee's Mayonnaise is

This tree is completely covered by snow the perfect touch for finer salads. Gives sandin the winter and may be covered with wiches new flavor, too...because this flavorful 'Recede

straw and fir branches under the snow. mayonnaise is made with fresh eggs. You'll

The Kiziurin creeping apples produce really enjoy Durkee's Mayonnaise. Arrange slices ofavocado

over one hundred fifty pounds of fruit and orange sections al- a tree. ternately on crisp salad

greens.Serve with a dress-

A study in England of bats from the ing made by blending J point of view of direction finding cup Durkee's Genuine and estimating distances from experMayonnaise with lA cup ience with radar has found that a bat orange juice and % teacan ordinarily estimate a distance to,Ts Tut spoon sugar.

an accuracy of about two feet, by sending out a note lasting a hundredth of a second. It is not impossible that they

can estimate distance to about six inches if the duration of the note is only a thousandth of a second.

SEPTEMBER 1946 545 Jke Lcover rhe Jrnditan September The to which vjfcummer cover special attention is directed, shows PresiQmprweraart By Sytha Johnson dent George Albert viewing Smith leaf and the sacSEPTEMBER 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 9 OAK calendar red Aztec sumach,

City stone in Mexico still, flaming visit. on a recent conflagra- (See "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Autumn'sCreeper

Father Lehi's Children, Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement tion page 556.) Similar in Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward Burning on the hill!

many ways to the Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Smokes from autumn more widelyknown Latterday Saints fires

Mayan calendar stone, Mountain tops enfold;

the Aztec time counter Nature stokes her is set up in two secfurnaces tions. The first repreAgainst the coming

sents the religious or cold.

ritualistic dates and in- e writer one cludes what Uke (Ldltor'd fa f the of core calls "the

Aztec religious sy- "Speak Up"George Albert Smith 555 Change of Address:

stem"; the second conFifteen days'notice retains a solar calendar quired for change of adeighteen into divided

of twenty months days LLurch, creatures dress.change,Whenpleaseorderingincludea

fiveday with a each period "unlucky"inFather Lehi's Children John D. Giles 556 stencilrecent issueimpressionof the frommaga-a

terpolated. A Challenge to Youth Harold B. Lee 560 zine. Address changes

religious In its unless be cannot made Its Fulfilment. Frank Y. Taylor 567 Promise and as- A calendar the pects well as as address the old Langheinrich 569 Paul and Yesterday Today deis a marked included. shows one the new parture from the earliEvidences and Reconciliations: CVIII—Was Joseph Smith

est religion of the Honest in Business? John A. Widtsoe 577 Executive and Editorial

Aztecs, reflecting a Offices:

586 Priesthood: Melchizedek Edition of the Third Romance ritdating belief, and Street, North Main 50 Column....587 Alof NoLiquor-Tobacco the of Mormon, Book the upon uals based City 1, Utah. Salt Lake 588 Zobell, 548 L. Aaronic bert Jr of numerous worship

.. 589 Teaching Ward 1946 Copyright by idols. Muand gods Elijah Clifford Life, Man's One 590 Genealogy Inc., tual a Funds, Corcalendar solar The 550 Garrett also 547 See page the of poration Young agriculis upon based

Field 574 Photos 608 Church Moves On The ImproveMutual the Men's of ture, the names months being related ment Association of the to crops. This calenChurch of Jesus Christ of

dar evidently had a Latterday Saints. All

more or less accurate Special jreateamrei rights reserved. Subscripastronomical basis, the tion price, $2.00 a year,

planet Venus being Don't Fence Me In Marvin O. Ashton 562 in advance; 20c single

copy. central the as used in the Russian 566 Gaeth Arthur Zone Members Our and point. day The Post the Entered at

figfrom Death Smith Escape Melden 568 and names J. month An City, Salt Office, Lake

in a combined are ures from Square...Richard L. Temple Evans secondclass 570 Spoken as Utah, The Word

prewhich manner for matter. Acceptance Universe, Frankthe B. Corner, Cook's Exploring Josephine or confusion vents of mailing special rate at 579 Nichols lin S. Harris, 545 duplication. Jr for provided postage

Fredrick of Progress, Patterns in Handy Hints 580 section 1 103, Act of OcJr C. Wolters, Side to Tolerance, authorized 550 Another tober, 1917, * Skull Deformation among AnBernice Burton Holmes....582 July 2, 1918.

cient Americans, Charles E.

"Beauty Is Duty Food 552 Dibble Era Improvement The Editors MilFood,"Loues Dora is DurTimes, G. for Homer responsible not unSmith These Albert George:. ler 584 554 solicited manuscripts, but ham

A. John Widtsoe Let's Homing: More contributions. Have welcomes the 592 Bookrack On

in Homes, Music Our Editor Managing All manuscripts be must 608 and Page Ours Alice 578 Your Read M.

L. Evans Richard suffiaccompanied by

Associate Editor: cient postageand return.for delivery

Marba C. Josephson Cditorlali

General Manager The 194647 M. I. A. Theme Richard L, Evans 576 NationalRepresentativesAdvertising George Q. Morris

"It Matters Forever"Marba C. Josephson 576 Francis M. Mayo,

Associate Manager Salt Lake City

Lucy G. Cannon Edward S. Townsend,

Business Manager Stories, f-oeh y SanLos AngelesFrancisco and

John D. Giles Ruler of the Crags Hubert Evans 564 Dougan and Bolle,

Chicago and Editorial Associates 572 Gilbert Andrews Checking Up

New York J. Moffitt Elizabeth 573 Poetry Page Sytha Johnson Indian Summer, Audit Bureau of Albert LZobellJr. Elaine 546 You, V. Emans 580 Member,Circulations Lundstrom Harold Catherine E. For a Day, Grandmother, Song Frontispiece:

Gertrude L. Belser 553 Berry 582

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

GENEALOGICAL GROUPS ACTIVE SAN FRANCISCO

SPRINGFIELD BRANCH, FLORIDA, GENEALOGICAL GROUP

Sponsored by the junior genealogical chairman, Ida Starling, thirtyfour members of the Springfield

Branch, Florida District, arrived in Salt Lake City, Saturday, June 75, to perform baptismal work in the temple. Fifteen juniors were included in the group.

The class chartered a bus and stopped at many places of historical interest along the way, including the Nauvoo jail, Nauvoo, Illinois, and the Wonder Cave of Kentucky. They returned by the southern

route, which included a visit to Carlsbad Caverns in New Mexico and reached home June 29.

Ogden Stake Monthly and song helped to pass the miles en

Temple Excursions route. Upon arrival back in Ogden no

"\T7hen Patriarch Samuel Martin of one would ever leave the bus until a the Ogden Stake was advised by closing prayer had been offered.

Salt Lake Temple authorities to speed It was difficult at first to arrange a up, if possible, the endowment work for night that would suit everyone, but as some two hundred men's and two hunthe months went by the question was dred women's names on his genealoginot "Should we go?"but "When do we See

cal lines that he and his wife were doing go to the temple?"The excursions have w

themselves, they took the problem to brought the group closer together than Raffy

Heber J. Heiner, stake genealogical they ever have been in a feeling of

chairman. After discussing the matter brotherhood and good will.

with Stake President Samuel G. Dye, The temple work for the two hunmonthly excursions to the temple were dred male and two hundred female Fleishhacker

planned, with members of the stake names belonging to Patriarch Martin Zoo presidency, high council, patriarchs, has now been completed as the result Over 900 high priests'presidency, bishoprics, and of the enterprise of this group. animals to

their wives, invited to participate. President Dye has now been sucthrill you

These group excursions were begun ceeded by President Laurence S. Burin October 1945 and continued through ton, and the new stake president has

June 1946. Each month the trip was expressed the desire of seeing these temmade by chartered bus, and sandwiches ple excursions continued indefinitely.

OGDEN STAKE

TEMPLE GROUP (fa 7>0e4t PACIFIC Once again Western Pacific is featuring its traditional advantages of courtesy, service, -Photograph by Hat Rumel scenery. Go West..

WESTERN PACIFIC..

the Short Route to San Francisco... the magic

it's COOL,U T/ing of the Cowboys"in the Augmore than two years. Crosby has won city where and a warm welcome ust 1 946 Reader's Digest concerns $150,000 in prize money during his

"Wild Horse Bob"Crosby who has career, and is described as having never awaits you.

tobacco, smoked, "chewed hard drunk information call For flight for star a top twentybeen rodeo liquor, shot cussed. craps or His favor-

R. H. General Agent COULAM,six years, in which a profession few ite is expletive 'Foot,'in uttered

St., S. Salt a 48 City, Lake Main Utah

at the for protracted top to stay drawl."cowboys manage 4-6551 Telephone

SEPTEMBER 1946 547.

How to Keep E of tie ZJLd Edition of ROMA N C

Younq Folks Sunday School lad can recite the i5ook of ormon

Everywith some detail how the Angel at HomCff Moroni brought the plates to the

Prophet Joseph Smith, how the Book By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

of Mormon was translated, and how

Martin Harris gave $3,000 in order that the first edition of five thousand copies could be printed. But that is only the

beginning of the romance of getting "Mormonism's"first and most imporcopies. Although a strenuous effort was

tant tract before the peoples of the made to raise funds for the project, not world. another dollar was forthcoming in

Nauvoo. Meanwhile the one hundred

By 1837 all copies of the first edition fortyfive dollars was a temptation were disposed of, and so Parley P. it could have very easily been used to

Pratt published a second edition at pay some of Robinson's and Smith's a festive with Kirtland, in that year. Ohio, QUICK SNACK A The secdebts. air easily ecobe can served and rare, is said ond edition to be more and

will nomically the and "gang"—"Brother said: Carlos In June, Don soughtafter more as a collector's love use of you the hence when some it—take Robinson, go some and money you first. item, than the dainties quickly with made

to Cincinnati type and and buy some

During the winter of 183839, the some paper, which we must have, to

Prophet Joseph Smith and five comcontinue publishing the Times and

Missouri, on trumpedup charges. BONEP T KEY panions had been held in Liberty Jail, Seasons.""Yes, I will go,"Robinson replied,

Oft When the supply of the second edi- "but I will not come home until the tion of the Book of Mormon became exBook of Mormon is stereotyped."

en, hausted, the Church did not have the The Prophet and Ebenezer Robinson

SLICED CHICKE money1 840, Ebenezerto financeRobinson,a new edition.a prominentIn May hadand thetakenKirtlandcopieseditionsof bothandthecomparedPalmyra

Work, no Waste No businessman Nauvoo and a partner started 1 8 for of them, and Robinson June—just Eat Heat and the Prophet's brother, Carlos Don of the Cincinnati with a marked copy

Smith, was inspired to go to the Prophbook to be given to a printer.

say: if and "Brother will Joseph, you SNACKS et FOR IMPROMPTU furnish dollars, hundred two give and A T Cincinnati, he bought the supply of us Toasted the privilege Sliced Chicken Sandwiches of printing thoutwo

that Carlos had paper wanted Don variety,... for sandopen-face make sand copies of the Book of Mormon,

wiches cheese pour hot and sauce on river the safely board on saw it top. Carlos will get and I doland two hundred

Lynden Chicken or Turkey a la King lars more, and we will get it stereosteamer. Then he counted his money.

coin the Spanish that he had acbiscuits, toast, buttered hot... on corn typed, and give you the plates."With

waffles in patty shells. or... or bread would in change, be cepted and which

Smith his Joseph dropped into face spend to he accepted cared anywhere or Salad Salad Turkey Chicken hands for then and a moment asked it, doubted he in center of he had Even Delicious heaped molded.. his $105.06J4cranberry jelly ring. Robinson how soon he wanted the the conviction that he had come to Cinmoney, and two weeks'time was cinnati to get the Book of Mormon Turkey or Chicken Pot Pie... with

pastry or biscuit dough topping. For agreed upon. printed, but he started inquiring for

palates, satisfied or Chicken try Turkey stereotypers. stereotypthe second At Smith Don Carlos and Ebenezer

. mushrooms. Souffle.. with creamed Messrs. to see asked he entered and Robinson effort to ers, immediate made an

Thin Turkey or Chicken Sandwiches raise their share of the money. They Gleason or Shepherd, who owned the

... hit the spot "after the show"or on found a brother in the Church who let business.

gettogethers. weekend

them have one hundred twenty dollars Gleason introduced himself, and

Party "Puffs"... filled with hot until April 1, 1841, at thirtyfive percent Robinson said: "I have come to get the

or chicken turkey creamed... or with interest which was to be incorporated Book of Mormon stereotyped."

... for "at chicken salad homes."

into the note, and all to draw six perShepherd came from the back of the cent interest, if the note were not paid shop and said: "When that book is

when due. A few days later the same stereotyped, I am the man to stereotype

man gave them an additional twentyit."After figuring a little he offered to

f-90K *Oft five dollars on the same terms. do the job for five hundred fifty dollars.

Then Joseph Smith came into the Robinson offered him one hundred

J Robinsonsaid: "Brotherand SmithRobinson,printingif officeyou andand dollarsdollars morecash, inwiththreetwomonths,hundredor whilefifty

Carlos get the Book of Mormon stereohe was doing the work, and the retyped, you will have to furnish the maining two hundred dollars within raar grocers money, as I cannot get the two hundred three months after the work was comssapw "Lynden dollars."pleted. A contract was immediately

Canning Kitchen Robinson replied that they would do signed. Robinson casually mentioned

it if they could have the privilege of that he needed a bookbinder to bind printing an edition of four thousand two thousand copies, and Shepherd 548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

took him to a friend of his who offered to bind the copies in leather at twelve and onehalf cents each. This man

willingly accepted Robinson's terms eighty dollars while doing the work, and the remainder within six weeks of completion.

Paper was the next problem, and again Shepherd had a friend. A deal

was made for about two hundred fifty dollars'worth of paper, and a contract, similar to the other two, was suggested.

The paper dealer said: "Mr. Robinson,

you are a stranger here, and it is customary to have city references in such cases."Shepherd calmly replied: "I am

Mr. Robinson's backer, sir."He received the paper.

Robinson used the five dollars to engage board and room and had the

Spanish sixpence left. He advised

Don Carlos, by letter, of what had been done. A campaign was started in the

Times and Seasons for money. A book

was offered for every dollar sent to

Robinson while he was in Cincinnati.

One hundred twenty books were offered for every one hundred dollars received by September 1. When the

books were available on November 1, 1 810, they were advertised at one dollar and twentyfive cents retail, one dollar wholesale, and "Extra binding Today your baby's tiny hands reach out to you. His eyes follow you

pocketbook fashion for the convenacross the room. He knows that when he's hungry you will feed

ience of traveling elders, one dollar and him. He feels secure... because of you.

fifty cents."Not many years from now, he will be grown; ready to take

Robinson had gone to work for his place in the world. Then, too, he can feel more secure becauseShepherd, helping set the type and of you—because of the glowing strength that you can begin to

proofreading, for which he received help him build today.

twentyfive cents an hour. The first One of the ways to give your child the kind of security that

money he received was a twenty dollar comes from vigorous health is to see that he gets now the very best bill from Nauvoo, payable on an Inpossible milk—particularly milk containing the vitamin D he

diana bank. That bank was in good needs. It's the combination of Vitamin D and the minerals of milk

condition, having survived the panic of that help a baby to build a welldeveloped body, sound teeth, and 1837, and he found the bill was actualbones that are straight and strong.

ly worth twentytwo dollars and sixty For years, doctors have recommended Sego Milk for babies—

cents. His own brother and a convert because it is uniformly rich in the food substances of whole milk,

of 1836, sent him ninetysix dollars, because it is easy for babies to digest, because it's as safe in its sealed which was cashed at the same thirteen container as if there were no germ of disease in the world, and bepercent markup. A convert he had cause it was fortified with extra vitamin D.

dolnever seen sent him one hundred this extrathose. reasons Potent more. one But there's Now

repaid. he later All inlars, which is fortified all, ordinary vitamin of milk pure form of with a new, form

all his paidhe before Shepherd money bright sunshine of vitamin very kind would same D that the binder D—the given and had dueit was sunshine. if they children for babies provide could get enough and

eighty dollars before he had done any Sego Milk is the only evaporated milk fortified with this newest of the work. All the books that were form of vitamin D. Ask your doctor about it.

presold were delivered, and he returned to Nauvoo early in October with about one thousand copies. This seal guarantees that all statements made here have been

accepted as true by the Council on Foods and Nutrition of the *Tthe following year Robinson went American Medical Association.

again to Cincinnati to see Mr.

Shepherd. "Mr. Robinson,"said the This seal certifies that the Wisconsin Alumni Research Founfriend, "do you want to know what dation makes periodic tests to determine that Sego Milk diluted

made me do as I did when you came with an equal amount of water always gives you 400 units of here last summer? It was no business vitamin D per quart.

inway; it what I saw was not you, SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY heart, to hisbut,"pointed Shepherd

"it was what I felt here."Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

( Concluded on page 594 SEPTEMBER 1946 549 of a state. a governor trayed by He saw ONE MAN'S LIFE jail like a common felon. He was behis trial a mockery by exhibitbecome & LsUttord (Lilian (jarrett ing him as "The Mormon Prophet."He

executioners brother. had His devoted parents. of farmer the son HE village,was born in an obscure Vermont was murdered in Carthage jail with his

to take him the only from gambled until farm as a hand He worked he became an itinerant missionary. He things he held dear on earth—the comwas never schooled. He translated the panionship of his family and the good

Book of Mormon. He ran for the Presiwill of his fellow men. His murderers

dency of the United States. He reared fled in fear. His body was taken to a

a family, had a home, and happiness. hotel through the pity of a stranger. He

He never traveled fifteen hundred miles was laid at night in a secret grave in his from the place of his birth. He built a city. His testimony did not die with

him: the city—Nauvoo Beautiful—larger Persecutions may rage, mobs may that than Chicago at date. He was a

humble man. He had no credentials but combine, armies may assemble, calumny

the testimony of his vision when fourmay defame, but the truth of God will teen years of age. He realized all go forth boldly, nobly, and independcreeds could not be right. He said in ently, till it has penetrated every conSHARE A MEAL answer to his prayer he had seen the tinent, visited every clime, swept every

Father and Son. He received revelacountry and sounded in every ear, till

tions of divine import. He established the purposes of God shall be accomEVERY DAY the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterplished.

day Saints. He built temples to the God In One Man's Life we read of Joseph

Once again free people are of Israel. He sent missionaries even to Smith, who proclaimed a message neithcalled on to help in the name of foreign lands. er Catholic nor Protestant, as it came

humanity. 500 million persons While still in the strength of young from neither, but built on latterday

are hungry—pathetically undermanhood, he was spat upon, even tarred revelation. He has done more for mannourished. Millions will die of and feathered in the night. He saw kind, save Christ only, than any man

starvation unless we pitch in converts become apostates. He went to who ever lived.

QUICKLY, and rush more food abroad. 3 Ways to Share a FXe&RKK C.

Meal—and Save a

Life! 1. Share wheat and fat OPJP/AJ POPT%

products. 'POC/i'WZLL, 2. Buy and serve more

plentiful foods. PICTURESQUE PIONEER,

3. Waste NO food. AS A 60V, PICKED

BERRIES BV We of the Hotel Utah are doing our best in this food conserMOON LIGHT FOR vation program, and we appreciate deeply your understanding AL THE NEXT DAY, and cooperation. TO HELP JOSEPH

SMITH rU5USH THE fook of Mfot&f

T)otiM$ Bsri CI** WAS THfa "tOG car m&* IB'fB4-7

Ct)OLTJ

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Interesting, Inspiring and FaithPromoting Books IF YOU COME TO OCTOBER CONFERENCE, BRING THIS AS A MEMORANDUM OF BOOKS YOU WANT. TO ORDER BY MAIL, CHECK THE

TITLES YOU DESIRE, TEAR OUT PAGE AND USE IT AS YOUR ORDER BLANK.

LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH CONCORDANCE TO THE DOCTRINE

inspiring, of Sixth the President Church. An

. COVENANTS AND faithsustaining.. the absorbing biography

faithful painstaking, of 60 years work of story leader. a great

everyone—thecompilation. Should by be ownedof who Fielding Smith $2.50 Joseph By

subjects. gospel studies, or writes speaks flfi on ipdAJUO Bluth V. John By THE CHURCH YOUTH AND

forthright discussion new, searching, A problems of modern youth. By Harold ofB. Leethe $1.75 THE RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS"

talks series of radio the on fundamentals* From RELIGION the gospel. UNDERSTANDABLE AN universal of Concise, Fielding thorough discussion of the Smith *9fljl* -*"7C** Joseph By

concepts of L.D.S. doctrinal views of religion.

Selected from the radio series Byof JohntalksA. Widtsoe $1.50 ATHEscholarlyHOLYtreatiseGHOSTon the nature and personality

of of the Holy Holy Spirit—director CLASSICS THREE MORMON affairs of the ChurchGhost—theon earth.

favorites Canlong-time Q. from George Three P*.UU$0 f\n By Oscar W. McConkie years of nearly 70 Series FaithPromoting non's $2.50 Preston Nibley ago. Compiled by THE PERFECTION TO

Fifth edition.WAY Over of 350 brief pages discourses THE OF CHURCH PROGRAM on gospel themes, all dedicated to interested in for of the practice of faith Church survey and A

of redemption the living the and dead. readers. general Cft students, missionaries and fl!!**-* plQl.OUen Fielding Joseph By Smith A. Widtsoe John By

THE PROGRESS OF MAN HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH BY HIS outline Full of the struggles through of mankind MOTHER eras retrogression of progress from and ancient dictated the Prophet's in by mother to days. modern Fielding By Joseph

interesting of the most Smith $2.00 Originally1845. One important and

stories ever written of the early days of PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH Church. the P.OU<PO Cfl Edited Nibley by Preston Brief but complete biographies of seven great

leaders, from Joseph Smith to Heber J. Grant. For readers who have no opportunity for extenHANDBOOK OF THE RESTORATION

sive study or research. By Preston Nibley $2.50 Complete compilation of gospel themes discussed

authors, by many with many THE THEOLOGY KEY TO items of vital interhJZi.OUCJO Cfl to students. illustrations. Numerous

Minth edition of a famous and longpopular est

Church publication. By Parley P. Pratt $1.00 SIGNS OF THE TIMES

series of talks sisters of sponsored A the by Lion EVIDENCES RECONCILIATIONS AND Social Six House Center. of discussions predicto 68 pertinent Answers science questions on and tions the seers fulfilment by in our and Iheir day. religion of perplexed the students asked by N>l.iJ<M OC Joseph Fielding By Smith his author during educator. long career as an

*9*- (PI *ODQC A. Widtsoe John By FUNDAMENTALS OF RELIGION TEACHINGS OF JOSEPH SMITH Clear forceful presentations of basic principles of

A selection of the Prophet's sermons and writings the gospel. Seventeen inspiring radio talks. tfl Cfl

written in as published or the days ofhisministry. Fielding Smith $2.25 By Charles A. Callis M>1.0U Compiled Joseph by A STORY TO TELL PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH Interesting, entertaining and characterbuilding

for stories children of all ages. Selected by the GOVERNMENT of boards the Association Primary and the Deseret Written direction under ip.UU<PQ flfi School Sunday Union. official the text and guideof forthepriesthoodFirst Presidencyquorums.as $1.75 A. Widtsoe John By BEN THE BOY WAGON

story Delightful traveled the with of a boy who SKEPTIC DISCOVERS A MORMONISM to pioneers from Ohio Nauvoo Iowa, Utah and sincere, interesting of discoveries the H>1-JUfljl Cfl California. R. Driggs By toHoward conversion lived L.D.S. A.and a man among narrativewho fljlipl.wUCn oasis. people Biggs Timberline on a Nevadaof By FROM BABEL TO CUMORAH

ADDED UPON Third edition. Story of the migration of the

Thirteenth edition of a famous story, beloved of Jaredites and Nephites to the new world and to years. Latterday Saints for nearly 50

By Nephi Anderson $1.25 final destruction at Cumorah.By J. A. and J. N. Washburn $2.25

CO. DESERET The Book Center of theBOOKIntermountain West

44 East South Temple St. P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ Send:. copies oi each title as checked above.

Name Address SEPTEMBER 1946 551 SKULL DEFORMATION "What's new in Bathrooms? l9 mencanS

The modern bathroom offers threeway privacy in compartments for (1) wash basin, (2) bath, and (3) toilet. By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

|S>?v 3 **-*

This newly designed wash At the foot of this bath tub basin has—is a convenient- [1 Foot pedal water control e ly Dog house for a water spaniel

Furlined soap dishes Threedrawer linen cabinet

I | Builtin tooth brushes Automatic backwasher

Both the flow and temperature of water is Conveniently located is this threedrawer regulatedcontrol—likeby ansurgeonsefficientuse.newAnfootefficient,pedal cabinetbathroomfornecessities,the storage oflikelinensyour andbottleotherof

sanitary way to clean the wash basin is Hexol. Hexol, you know, is the modem

with Hexol disinfectant. A few drops on a cleanerdisinfectant. Two tablespoons addcloth will whisk away dirt film—brighten ed to cleaning water leaves your bathtub,

the basin in a jiffy. And freshsmelling walls, floors, and tiling so fresh and sparkHexol does both bathroom jobs fights ling clean. And because Hexol is noncaus-

germs and cleans. tic, it's so easy on your hands.

Because of the softness and pliability of an infant's skull, various types of head deformation occur among the American Indians. Artificial

head deformations are divisible into unintentional and intentional deformations.

The general and most widely distributed form of unintentional deformation

This bathroom corner is the flattening of the back of the head, features—resulting from the prolonged contact

O A threespeedfloor lamp of the infant's head with the hard ll A leather foot rest cradleboard. This unintentional com-

O A recessed book shelf pression was widely distributed in the

Neat storage space for books and magaUnited States and was found with great zines is found in this handy, recessed book frequency among the Pueblo Indians of shelf. Keep a bottle of Hexol handy, too, the southwest.

for deodorizing the toilet bowl. Just pour Heads were deformed intentionally

let in a few drops the bowl, flattened forehead ways—the

flush seconds, clean, then sanitary,fresh. flatwith bandages. it stand a few GERMICIDE DEODORANT inandtwopressure The

(You'll find Pacific leading many Coast acquired usually by forehead tened was DISINFECTANT hospitals, physicians use and nurses and the over pressing a board and binding cleanerdisinfectant.) Hexol recommend at All Drug Stores On Sale the baby's infant's or thrusting forehead

(Concluded on page 584) 552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph bg George Bergstrom

(3ran6motber By Gertrude L. Belser

G\0 er low, sweet voice recalls the harmonies

J c Of green pine groves with shadows dark and cool,

And soothing rest beside a quiet pool

She moves with stately grace of swaying trees;

Like flickering sunshine on a distant hill

Her modest beauty smiles, then slips away,—

As beauty of soft twilight, purplegray,

Dissolves in night before we've looked our fill.

A courtly chivalry surrounds her place,

Remindful of the maids and knights of old, -

Historic jewels set in heavy gold,

And mignonette on faintly scented lace.

Now fourscore years her gracious deeds commend

And grateful throngs are proud to call her friend.

SEPTEMBER 1946 J Jimsidu

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah

TDritish socialism and the enormous expansion of Soviet influence both came as a result of the war. Indeed,

some future historian may write: "The

global conflict described as World War

II really brought but one significant result. This was the envelopment of the

world's economic systems by a roughly uniform pattern of state ownership and control. The expansion of the

Soviet Union and the rise to power of a socialist government in Great Britain were the initial guideposts in this trend.

The new technology occasioned by the atomic bomb, however, occasioned the same result in subtler ways."

"\I7hat can be done about the worldwide trend to state socialization?

It would be folly to close our eyes to the facts and deny the trend's existence.

liberty be authority can and How Save it satisfy to man's combined, merged, yearning for security—whether in doctrine or wages; and at the same time with Soa p! preserve the free agency of man essential for life, progress, and happiness?

Lucky girl... to start housekeeping with such a gorgeous Already we have had communism,

fascism, nazism, socialism a la table cover! You just can't bear to think of seeing somecarte, and new deals as the expression

thing spilled on it, can you? of human responses to this problem. A

British scholar some years ago sugIt's sure to happen, though, so be careful that it's gested that the "social and political doctrines of Continental Europe were always washed with gentle FelsNaptha Soap. five in number: democracy, Catholicism,

Remember that FelsNaptha loosens dirt and stains communism,cialism."—Michaelfascism, Oakeshott,and national Thesoso that they wash away easily and completely in Social and Political Doctrines o} ConUniversity Europe, Cambridge the rich suds of mild FelsNaptha Soap. tinental

1939; InEngland, Press, Cambridge,

troduction, p. XII.

Someday, this lovely wedding gift should be an heirloom, admired and treasured by your /ertain things appear to be true in children's children. Begin to save the coming struggle for peace and

prosperity. Fascism, under that name, its beauty right away—with is waning, but state control of the ecois not. order, anywhere, nomic Comgood, mild soap—and that

is as suspiis expanding and munism means FelsNaptha Soap. cious of noncommunist countries as

ever. Democratic capitalism (implying something much more significant

than corporate enterprise alone) is losing ground. Catholicism, the other

active doctrine having significance in terms of the numbers of people inFels-Naptha Soap volved, has no peculiar economic pracBAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY (Concluded on page 599) 554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

2)peak Up By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

of the great and glorious blessings of our Father in heaven to his children is the power to Oneconvey thoughts and ideas by means of the spoken word. And in using this gift and privilege, a speaker should endeavor always to be heard and understood by all of his listeners.

The speaker always has the burden of getting and holding the attention of his listeners. Of

what use is the spoken word if it is not being heard by the person to whom it is being addressed?

If a listener does not hear through any cause or defect whatsoever, it is the speaker's responsibility to do his utmost to help the listener hear what he has to say. And where a listener is inattentive,

it is often the fault of the speaker rather than the fault of the listener.

Many speakers speak in a low voice at the beginning of their sentences and then rise to a crescendo toward the end. As a result, only part of the audience may hear the entire sentence, and

part may hear only a portion of the sentence. Others speak loudly to begin with, but by the

time they reach the end of a sentence, their voices are often lowered almost to a whisper. This

habit of raising and lowering the voice alternately makes it difficult for an audience to follow the speaker. Then there are speakers who neither raise nor lower their voices, but who speak in

such a low tone all the time as to make it almost impossible to be heard by many of those who are sitting even reasonably close; and with such speakers, listeners are either on a constant

strain or lose interest altogether.

No speaker has the right to waste or trifle away the time of others by speaking in such a way that he cannot possibly be heard by the members of his audience. The time of every individual is highly precious, and where several hundred people are assembled to hear a message, and

the speaker does not articulate plainly or speak loudly enough to be heard clearly, much loss of precious time is involved. For example, if a speaker speaks for thirty minutes to an audience of

three hundred people, and only about a third of them hear the whole of his message while the other twothirds hear only fragments, there may have been wasted in whole or in part the time of two hundred people, or a total of approximately one hundred manhours of time. Anyone who has

been honored by being asked to address a group of people, or who, by reason of his office or calling in the Church, has that responsibility, should never be guilty of wasting the time of the others by not speaking so that they can hear. Time is far too precious to be wasted in this way—so precious, indeed, that the ultimate salvation and the degree of exaltation of each of us is dependent

upon the use we make of it.

The suggestion to "speak up "is not an invitation to become bombastic, but is rather to be considerate of one's audience in order that they may benefit fully from the message intended for their ears. A good rule for all Church speakers to adopt is always to talk to the person in

his audience who is farthest from him. If he will follow this rule, there will arise no question as to

whether all others in the audience will hear him.

Every person, therefore, young or old, who may be called upon to speak or who may volunteer to talk to any gathering in the Church, whether large or small, should speak up so that every member of his audience may hear what he is saying.

We of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are charged with the great responsibility of disseminating the gospel message. Let us who have this great responsibility never be

subject to a charge of presenting it in such a manner as to open the way for indifference toward us or toward the message we bear to the world. May the Lord, who has given us the glorious gift

and privilege of communicating with others, bless us with the desire to make ourselves heard and understood whenever it is our responsibility to do so.

Jke (Ldltord faae SEPTEMBER 1946 555 CONGREGATION ASSEMBLED TO HONOR PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH ON HIS FIRST VISIT TO MEXICO AS PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH

the book of Genesis are found INboth a blessing and a prophecy, which should be of particular inFather Lehi's terest to members of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints at this time. It reads::

And the angel of the Lord called unto FIRST ASSISTANT SUPERINTENDENT, Y. M.M.I. A,

Abraham out of heaven the second time, AND BUSINESS MANAGER OF THE "ERA"

And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, for because thou hast done this son, thine thing, called, and: hast not withheld thy Ishthe tribe of generally, Indians. of Manasseh. was Among

.; son:;:,;'only mael, the daughters as Latterday Saints they became whose are known

thee, and, I will bless That in blessing in wives of the sons of Lehi, was of the Lamanites, having descended from as the thy seed I will multiply multiplying j stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is tribe of Ephraim. Therefore, their Laman, son of Lehi.

i upon the, sea shore; and thy seed shall descendants were all of the house of

! possess the gate of his enemies; Israel, through Joseph, who was to The term Indian, as applied to this

And in thy seed shall all the nations of become "a fruitful bough"whose people is most unfortunate. Inblessed; because the earth, be thou hast branches the wall."over "run would stead Indians, of being they were, 22:1518.) voice. (Gen.j obeyed my of Father: Thus as we speak believe, the earliest Americans. Lehi's we

When Father Lehi, about 600 children, we speak also of Father Long before the white men came,

B.C., left Jerusalem, as commanded Abraham's children. America—both North and South

by the Lord, the seed of Abraham Father Lehi's children, who still was their land.

live to continent, on this which was childrenwas fulfiling prophecy—the "land are of promise"be their now President Smith Jacob, through Isaac, of Abraham

Manuel Avila Camacho(left ofcenter)Mexicovisits(rightPresidentcenter).

Joseph, Ephraim, and Manasseh were marching forward to a destyiy little dreamed, of by themselves and one of the strangest in world history. Literally, they were going

to a land where the descendants of

Father Abraham would become "as;

the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore."

The descendants of Father Abraham in America alone today number many millions. Through Ephraim

and Manasseh, sons of Joseph, who was a son of Jacob and whose grandfather was Abraham, descendants as numerous as the stars arid of the sands on the seashore now live in the choice land of Joseph, America.

Father Lehi, who led to America the people about whom the Book of Mormon is largely concerned, 556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

When the first white men came, they found Indian bands, tribes, and nations occupying the land, with most of it divided among the different groups, in much the same way that land is divided among the states today; each nation or tribe had its

own lands, fishing grounds, and hunting grounds.

The coming of the white man changed all that. Gradually, the

white men took over more and more of the land, and finally the Indians were gathered together on reservaPresident Smith with missionaries serving in Mexico tions. Zion shall flourish upon the hills and reThis change of conditions at one joicesembledupontogetherthe mountains,unto theandplaceshallwhichbe as-I sandby Godwascouldreported.have Onlyforeseena prophetsuch a inspireddecided

time appeared to threaten the very have appointed. (D. & C. 49:24, 25.) turn in the tide of Indian affairs. (Commenexistence of the North American tary to section 49, verses 24, 25.)

In the Doctrine and Covenants Commentary appears this stateElder James E. Talmage effectivement: ly establishes the identity of Father

Lehi's children in this manner-;

There are two distinct predictions in these paragraphs. One says that "Jacob shall David, who sang his psalms over a thouChildren flourish in the wilderness, and the Lamanites sand years before the "meridian of time,"

shall blossom as the rose,"before the great predicted: "Truth shall spring, out of the

, righteousness shall look down

Isaiah, declared And so also Indian. Freely it was predicted that dayus thatof the"ZionLordshallshall flourishcome; theuponsecondthe hillstells earth;from heaven."and

the Indians were a vanishing race and rejoice upon the mountains."The first Ezekiel saw in vision the coming together

and that eventually they would beof these. predictions refers to the Indians; of the stick of Judah, and the (Stick of Joseph,

come extinct. the second, to the Latterday Saints. Have signifying the Bible and the Book of Morthey been fulfilled? mon. The passage last referred to reads, in

Those who made such predictions The American Indians are, indeed, flourthe Words of Ezekiel: "The word of the

were not aware that in the proviishing today.... In Indian territory Lord came again unto mei saying, Moredence of the Lord, the children of they have attained a high degree of over, thou son of man, take thee one stick,

Father Lehi were destined to play both civilization and prosperity. Indians and write upon it, For Judah, and for the

children of his Israel companions; then take offices seats occupy government and important roles in the last days in now

it, stick, in another write and For upon Joseph, legislative assemblies, in schools puland both the Americas. stick the of all for Ephraim, and the house pits, life. of and in are every walk They

In a revelation given to Joseph flourishing. This is all the more remarkable of Israel his companions: And join them

Smith in March 1831, is this referbecause at one time the general belief was one to another into one stick; and they shall

in thine one become hand."they vanishing race. were a the When ence to the future of the American that

the ancient custom we call When States United an independent became naIndian: in of the making of writing on tion, tobooks—thatmind of the in Indians number AmeriNorth

But before the great day of the Lord shall ca was estimated at three millions, and in long strips of parchment and rolling the come, Jacob shall flourish in the wilderness, the year 1876 at only one million three hunsame on rods or sticks, the use of the word and the Lamanites shall blossom as the rose. dred thousand. In 1907 the decrease had "stick"as equivalent to "book"in the pasbeen checked, and an increase to one milsage becomes apparent. At the time of this

President Smith met former President Herbert lion four hundred and seventyfour thouutterance, the Israelites had divided into two

Hoover in Mexico City. nations known as the kingdom of Judah and

that of Israel, or Ephraim. Plainly the

separate records of Judah and Joseph are here referred to. Now, as we have seen, the

Nephite nation comprised the descendants of Lehi who belonged to the tribe of

Manasseh, of Ishmael who was an Ephraimite, and of Zoram whose tribal relation is not definitely stated. The Nephites were

then of the tribes of Joseph; and their record

or "stick"is as truly represented by the*

Book of Mormon as is the "stick"of Judah by the Bible. (James E. Talmage, Articles

of Faith, chapter XV: 275, 276; 1924 edi-:

tion. i The Book of Mormon identifies the Lamanites as of Israel and also prophesies concerning them;

And now, I would prophesy somewhat more concerning the Jews and the Gentiles.

For after the book of which I have spoken shall come forth, and be written unto the

Gentiles, and sealed up again unto the Lord, (Continued on next page) SEPTEMBER 1946 557

Meeting of priesthood members with President Smith addressing group with the

President Smith aid of an interpreter

(Continued from previous page) among them, save they shall be a white and much the children of our Father and God as there shall be many which shall believe the delightsome people. we are....

words which are written; and they shall And it shall come to pass that the Jews They are of the House of Israel; they

carry them forth unto the remnant of our which are scattered also shall begin to once had the Gospel delivered to them, they seed. believe in Christ; and they shall begin to had the oracles of truth; Jesus came and adAnd then shall the remnant of our seed gather in upon the face of the land; and as ministered to them after his resurrection, and

know concerning us, how that we came out many as shall believe in Christ shall also they received and delighted in the Gosfrom Jerusalem, and that they are descendbecome a delightsome people. pel.... [Discourses of Brigham Young,

ants of the Jews. And it shall come to pass that the Lord page 122.)

shall the Christ gospel of Jesus And all his shall commence nawork be God among identified of Most easily Father shall them;declared wherefore, they among tions, kindreds, bring tongues, to people, and children are the today their restored the ofbe unto knowledge the restoration about of his people the Abraham's upon

fathers, and also to the knowledge of Jesus earth. (Book of Mormon, II Nephi 30:3-8.) Lamanites. Because of their distincChrist, which was had among their fathers. tive racial characteristics, they are

And then shall they rejoice; for they shall President Brigham Young dereadily recognized. While other repit that blessing is a from untoknow them their clared lineage through Israel resentatives of the Israel tribe of

their of scales of darkandthe hand God; in these words are present in the western hemifall shall to beginness their eyes; from and

many generations shall not pass away The Lamanites or Indians are just as sphere in large numbers, the Indians or Lamanites are the most easily identified.

Dresident George Albert Smith is the friend of the Lamanites.

During his entire lifetime he has shown marked interest in their welfare. Whenever the opportunity has

presented itself, he has gone out of his way to help them and to bless them.

In recent years he has visited on their reservations the Shoshone,

Bannock, Blackfoot, Blood, Ute,

Goshute, Hopi, Zuni, Navajo, Arapahoe, and other tribes in North America. A few years ago he spent many

months among Father Lehi's children on the islands in the South

Seas. Here he made friends for himself and for the Church in large numbers. President Smith maintains

many of his contacts with these people by correspondence, occasional

The churches remembrances, and revisits wherever of Mexico City possible.

were visited by President Smith Frequently Lamanite brethren and sisters visit him at his office. No

man, whatever his station in life, is greeted with more respect and friendliness or is shown more cour558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

President Smith with President and Mrs. Pierce and Elder Part of the congregation inside

Joseph W. Anderson the chapel

tesy than are these descendants of

Father Lehi.

One of the most important missions of President Smith's ministry as President of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints took him recently into the very heart of the land of the Lamanites. He journeyed

to Mexico, a land which today is the home of more than thirty million of

Father Lehi's children, for a series of important and dramatic meetings with the members of the Church in Written in flowers for President Smith's visit.

the vicinity of Mexico City.

Among the Lamanites of many andacceptbeliefthe thatgospelthousandsof JesusmoreChrist,willcountries are members of the Church which came to their ancestors directof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. ly from the Master himself.

In Mexico large groups of them have joined the Church. As the years go Among the thirty million Lamanby, there is good reason for the hope ites in our neighboring nation to the

south in whose veins the blood of

Presidents Smith and Pierce and Elder Joseph Israel flows, are some of the very

Anderson visit the ancient ruins under the (Continued on page 601 present Mexico City.

President Smith visited the people and saw their many activities. Top to bottom:

The burros with their loads of straw

Threshing by oxen as in Biblical times

Washing done at the well and dried on the ground in the sun

Plowing with oxen SEPTEMBER 1946 559 An address given Sunday evening,

June 9, 1946, in the Tabernacle, [or

M. I. A. June Conference which

officially welcomed home the servicemen and women. A CHALLENGE

approach this task with fear and wjovith trembling and a desire for an TO

I interest in your faith and prayers.

Tonight's meeting is the culminad5u /srarold (IS. <=>Lee

tion of dreams that our servicmen OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE the world over have been dreaming for the last four or five years. During the absence of you young men

away from your homes, the most oftour Latterday Saint servicemen inin service. This message in part

repeated statement that has been to service groups, called M. I. A. orreads as follows:

made here at home has been "when ganizations. Group leaders were To our young men who go into service,

the boys come back home."The named. In order to maintain proper no matter whom they serve or where, we

girls have said it, those who had direction it was found, as this organsay live clean, keep the commandments of sweethearts, married and unmarried, ization grew to number one hundred youthe Lord,in truthprayandto himrighteousness,constantly liveto preserveas you in military service, and whose courtthousand men, scattered in every pray, and then whatever betides you, the ships with those sweethearts have part of the world, that it was necesLord will be with you, and nothing will been rudely interrupted. It has been sary that there be additional assisthappen to you that will not be to the honor

said by fathers and mothers who, ants to President Brown, so thirteen and glory of God and to your salvation and in your absence, have been left assistant coordinators were called to exaltation.from the livingThereof willthe purecomelifeintoyouyourprayheartsfor,

to carry heavy burdens, trying to serve here in the United States, in a joy that will pass your powers of expreshold things together "until their the Hawaiian Islands, in Europe, sion or understanding. The Lord will be

boys came back home."It has been and in the Pacific Isles. In addition, always near you; he will comfort you; you

said by businessmen who have been there were mission and stake superwill feel his presence in the hour of your tribulation; will progreatest and he guard that must for expansionsplanning assist. called to visors who were We to the tect accords that with full extent you dein line with expectedbe planned thirtyeight chaparmy have had the his conall-wise purpose. Then, when

mands for certain goods, such as lains, and eight navy chaplains, who flict is over and you return to your homes, automobiles, clothing, houses, furwere members of the Church. And having lived the righteous life, how great

niture, and baby goods—all being finally, in addition thereto, accordwill be your happiness—whether you be of

the or victors the of you vanquished—that thedetermined by best estimate, anticipated ining had to our have we

the lived as Lord commanded. have You return. yourcreases upon or group more a thousand about disciplined; will in righteousness return so

It has been said by school execuleaders who have been set apart or that thereafter all Satan's wiles and stratatives who have been planning for who have assumed leadership as gems will leave you untouched. Your faith

the next fifteen years, and what your they have been authorized without and testimony will be strong beyond breakcoming back is going to mean to the having been set apart, together with ing.as havingYou willpassedbe lookedthroughupthetofieryand reveredfurnace

school population! Those in higher some two or three thousand addiof trial and temptation and come forth uneducation have had to do some tional assistant group leaders, thus harmed. Your brethren will look to you for

figuring on the increases in their forming a great army who have dicounsel, support, and guidance. You will be

institutions. It has been said by rected the work of blessing with the anchors to which thereafter the youth

politicians in major political parties, brotherhood and with strength this of Zion will moor their faith in man.

in labor groups, and by exservice- group of servicemen who are repLatter-day Saint servicemen, those men's clubs who have been laying resented by those who are in this were the admonitions, the instructheir plans to capture your vote and meeting tonight. tions, and the promises that were

your membership, by inducements In addition, we have had our girls made by the inspired prophets of and by invitations, not always in the nurses'corps, the women's the Lord, and whether or not they wholly ethical. branch of the army, the coast have been or will be fulfilled as they

were promised depends upon you the guard, navy, and elsewhere. waitalso has been Church Your now who have received those promtoo, performed have a monuto your They,ing for this an eye day with ises.

spiritual welfare. Throughout your mental service in assisting with these

military service, the Church has had activities. [ should like to pay a tribute of rein mind that you were laboring spect to the faith and devotion

against overwhelming odds, and so "JS/hen the war started and the and activities of our boys in service even before wax was declared, /when rigors of your trials became eviby reading you statements from two compulsory military training went dent, the First Presidency delivered chaplains. One from our own Elder

into. effect, Elder Hugh B. Brown an inspired message from Temple Marsden Durham who is missing

was called to be a Church coordinaSquare and directed a part of that from tonight's meeting, one of our tor and go to camps and organize message to the men who were then splendid boys who was taken in an 560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

unfortunate accident. This is his The nation's eyes are upon its defenders paragraph from a letter of a Latterstatement: today. Therefore, in my humble opinion, day Saint serviceman to a sweetthis history the global been of war has when

is heart of a buddy of his who had read, written Uncle and and when Sam It is amazing how signs and placards advertising Latterday Saint services have apready to reward "every man according to fallen peared almost automatically, tacked to his works,"Americans of all faiths will I needn't tell you that he died loving you convenient telephone poles and coconut say: "God bless our Mormon soldiers!"and wearing your bracelet, Bobbie. Keep

palms along the main roads. "Burma shave"No matter where you go from here, your chin up, kid—and if I see Jimmie beproportions almost! A recent article in American soldiers of the Mormon faith, I fore long, I'll give him your regards—and

Harper's (October 1944, "A Soldier Looks want you to remember my faith in you is I hope my fiancee is as brave as I know at the Church"), an attack at the decadent unbounded, that I shall follow you in spirit, you are.

Protestant world and its failure to influence that I shall remember you in my prayers.

the lives of its communicants, can certainly And the writer of that letter in have no application to Latterday Saint less than a month, himself, had gone men, because the Church is an integral part V[ow as we pause here tonight in "home"to meet Jimmie.

their of of pracnaturallyof the values a these boys, honoring lives—one fathers the mothers and do How

tical "gatherinfluence religion. of the The to those out our thoughts go who their the are of to boys back went who Philipis spirit in the asing"predominant will here, not back not and come who letter feel? eternal a from home One it Saints the as everpines today when was

life. in mortal here meeting to such a his follost father chaplain, to as "gather reads to son Zion."abegan who As

I have experience with many groups, many According to our best estimate, if lows:

denominations, and I have yet to find anthose of the Latterday Saints who His mother, as usual, has been wonderful thisother organization evidences which in to be have fallen battle were sincere daily and shows she was when how all its desirable characteristic withsame tonight told here they would he left, as brought she "Brave sons him must results. form a congregation that would more have brave mothers, and I'll not fail you,

is my than fill the of this hall. It body there comis an interesting Then

at to complaining are not having Weson."five that approximately Ira estimated Lieutenant Colonelment by

it this sacrifice involves although make

Freeman, not a member of the thousand of some of the choicest of bleeding hearts. Millions of parents throughChurch, who was the post chaplain our Latterday Saint boys have died out the world are suffering similar losses

at Fort Ord, which during the war in battle or in training. How have and few of them have the hope which the

gives us. to gospel it posof embarkation faced they as they ports felt about of the onewas

I I, like fathers, other could wish have shall training centers sible of death, the great be said of and whatand one instead takes him, but of gone always war through which thousands of our Latthem in our welcome tonight? From the young and the promising.

terday Saint boys passed. This is the letters of some who have gone Many times in my preaching I have

what he said in tribute to our Latterback to their eternal home—those quoted the words of David when his son

day Saint boys: who have gone back home in a more was lost in battle: "O my son Absalom, my

I had During several years of service in the real sense than you are back home son,died myfor sonthee."Absalom!(II Samuelwould18:131.)God ButUnited States army, especially since Pearl now—can be gleaned some ideas of until now I did not realize how earnestly he

Harbor, I have had the privilege of mintheir true feelings. Here is a closing (Concluded on page 600)

istering to the needs of many members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Mormon boys whom I knew intimately overseas were outstanding soldiers in every sense of the word, and I found myself wondering from time to time if they were a speciallyselected group, the salt of Utah. But when I came to Fort

Ord I had to dismiss that idea.

The Mormon boys on duty at this post have what it takes! There's

something about a Mormon soldier!

He loves the United States. He is

loyal to Almighty God. Apparently, no real Mormon lad leaves his

religion at home when he accompanies the colors to the battlefield.

Undoubtedly, that is the chief reason why it is comparatively easy for him to carry on without shamming, without shirking, without sniveling. Anyway, neither worldliness on the one hand nor roaring

of guns on the other, affect their faith in or loyalty to God or country. Naturally, therefore, as an

American, I am proud of them....

—Photograph by

Hobart from Monkmeyer Press

SEPTEMBER 1946 "Don't fence me in

on t fence me in!"Youth, yelp of the coyote, he will cuddle up that's what you say to your close to that warm fleece, the owner &9

fathers and mothers. Youth, of which gave him birth. For weeks OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC"D arum Ls. Mskton

that's what you cry to your teachers from the time he had learned the in school. That's the language many mechanics of getting his daily nourof you use in your rebellion against ishment he had been satisfied to stay

some of us who would interfere close enough to her to hear her beck with you and your rights as freeand call, but lately he has nibbled a everything but unlock the padlock.

born American youth. few blades of grass and thinks he's He would no sooner be in a field and

With a twinkle in his humorous grown up and craves other worlds thought secure than they would find eyes, Brigham Young, one of the to conquer. him breaking over the traces. He

to friends greatest redblooded Morreally they but loved a problem, was like that lamb. are ) ust yu is lassies, to lads reported andmon his of because beauty him and

in. fence Y0UTHYes, Yes, and you 'we said, think people have young "You strength. through, broke he day One

we old people are fools. We know then sometimes when you get too got into a granary where there was

you are."hilarious, we get a forked stick to a sack of grain poisoned for gophers.

Youth, let me get close enough to keep you from breaking through. Their beautiful animal that day was

you to see the whites of your eyes "Don't fence me in,"you cry, but, in stretched out in death because he and talk to you. One humorist obplain English, just where would you didn't see the wisdom of honoring

served something like this: When land if you had your entire way? the safeguards placed for his benefit.

a boy reaches the ripe age of sevenSome of you, in less time than it teen, he looks at his father and wontakes to tell it, would lose your hide "Internal vigilance is the price ders how long it will be before his and land in a lump on one of the of security."

father will know as much as he highways of life. A painting struck me very forceknows. When he becomes twentyHappy is the boy or girl who has fully a few years ago. It was a picture

five years of age, he marvels at how confidence in his parents to the exof a mountain lion and her two cubs fast his dad has progressed in the tent that he will sit up close to them resting on the brink of a precipice realm of learning and understandand take their advice. Boys and girls, such as you might see in the Grand

ing. we have been in the forest for many Canyon of the Colorado. The mother

The cartoon of our lamb was years—we know the game trails. of those kittens watched every move

taken from a photo used by the We know of those who lie in wait her children made. Overhead soared

Arizona Highways. When I spied it, to fleece you. We know the wolves an eagle. What a dainty morsel for

I told Jim Smith, one of the highway in that field next door who would breakfast one of those young cats commissioners, that whether he liked take advantage of your innocence would make! Yes, no maneuver of

it or not I was going to have J. A. and skin you alive. There are repthat carnivorous bird escaped her

Bywater make an ink copy of it and tiles in that dark forest who, if they vigilant eye. The mother knew too

use it. He made no objection, and caught you ofFguard, would entwine well that other enemies would take

here it is. themselves around you, python from her those she loved or that one

snake fashion, and crush your life's false move in the capers of those Now this venturesome lamb—you

can see by the set of his jaw and blood out of you. That's why we cubs would land them with every

squint of his eyes that he'd like to want to fence you in. This little bone in their bodies splintered to

break through that fence and do lamb has never met a coyote; he bits, a thousand feet below the rock

some exploring. You don't have to doesn't know the destruction of the where they rested. I repeat, on that

do any tall thinking to tell in an inslap of the paw of a grizzly, or the stage the lioness was playing a stant that there is something across terrible accuracy of the fangs of the major role in "eternal vigilance."

the Mason and Dixon line that is timber wolf. She knew that was the price of

mighty interesting. The only thing Yes, we are talking in parables, security for her brood.

that is holding him back is that but we are not telling you fairy tales. Boys and girls, your parents are

forked stick with a piece of baling We are talking real life. You don't as anxious for your welfare as that

wire held over his head. That stops like that forked stick nor the fact big cat of the Rockies was for her

his taking part in the game on the that we have fenced you in. We are cubs. If we watch every move you

highway or in the field adjoining. only trying to save you against make, it is only because you are sitNow that halfgrown sheep, alyourself. ting, as it were, on a precipice where

though he is "dead sure"he could I repeat, boys and girls, we want one false move would make you a conquer the world with the flip of his to protect you against yourselves. "goner."There are wolves in the

little hoof, still needs his mother. President David O. McKay has told forest, eagles in the air, and if it

When mealtime comes around, he a story of a beautiful colt on his weren't for the vigilance of those will get up close to his mother and ranch, one of those colts that they who love you, you'd be torn to demand refreshments from the comweren't very successful in fencing. pieces.

missary department. When the He would go through the fences, Youth, we've lived longer than

night gets dark and he hears the untie the rope on the gate, and do you have—that's why we know bet562 the improvement era

ter than you the "booby traps,"the Now if I use my imagination, beWe older folk know this, and hidden mines that would blow you fore that lamb broke through the many of you young people don't to atoms. fence and galloped to the home of know it, but we stand on the border

I said we were not talking fairy the lion I can hear him mutter as he of the forest like an old hunter to tales to you. We're not. Aesop wrote runs, "Don't fence me in."If that warn an innocent traveler of the

some fables that have value. At young lamb had stayed close to its maneating tigers and lions lying in

least once a year, read Aesop's mother, the lion wouldn't have had wait. Believe us, young folks, we

Fables. They will keep your mind lamb for breakfast. If that young stand as a lighthouse to warn you of

and judgment physically fit. heifer hadn't jumped the traces that the treacherous rocks just under the

Let me tell you one of those stories day and disregarded the old cow's waves that would dash your little—it fits here. A lion once radioed advice, she wouldn't have had her soul crafts to pieces. "Many brave

throughout the neighborhood that he name in the obituary columns of the souls are asleep in the deep, so bewas sick nigh unto death, and sumtown paper. ware, beware."

all to the animals come tomoned burning; be the lower lights Voung folks, there is always a Let last will testament.hear his and the wave; across a gleam Send

(Curiosity will kill a cat, and others, juicy bait on a hidden hook Some poor fainting struggling seaman too. ) The first to enter the cave of waiting to land you when you are You may rescue; you may save.

the king of beasts was a lamb folnot on your guard. There is a predlowed by a calf. The lion seemed to atory animal along every path of the That's the only role we want to

recover his health and strength imforest crouching in the grass waiting play. We have been tossed about on

mediately after the visit of those to take advantage of your innocence. the stormy waves of life, and we

unsuspecting creatures. He came to Young lady, there are innkeepers know where the rocks are. After all,

the mouth of his cave, and there bewho are happy in the profit on a pint there is no substitute for experience.

the eleheld a fox who had been waiting of whisky even though that profit We have been exposed to outside for some time. "Why don't means the losing of your virtue. ments, and some of us are carrying

you come in to pay your respects to Young man, there is an army of men around with us a little rheumatism as me?"said the lion to the fox. "I beg who would stay up all night and a result of exposure.

your majesty's pardon,"observed spend a hundred dollars on you to You of the next generation, we the wise, little animal, "but I noticed get you to take your first drink and know what the weather will be, and the tracks of the animals that have make another customer for John we don't want you to expose youralready come to you, and while I Barleycorn. Yes, there are a thouself too thoroughly and get yoursee hoof marks going in, I see none sand vicious "joint"keepers in every selves wet. Young lady, your mother

coming out. Till the animals that American city of any size that, doesn't want you to be tied to her

have entered your cave come out, spiderfashion, would spin a web to apron strings. Young man, we don't

I prefer to remain outside."catch a boy and girl off guard. want you to be a hothouse plant or

a "pantywaist."We want you to be

vigorous, courageous entities, able to face the storms of life. When we

were your age, we were just as you are now. We were no better than

you are, but don't forget we who have weathered best are we who heeded the advice of our parents. It

means just what it says, "Honour why?—"Thatthy father andthythydaysmother"—justmay be long

upon the land."

We don't want to be regimental of every move you make. You don't

like that program, and you shouldn't.

All we want to do is, with our arms around you, guard you against the pitfalls of life.

Next time your soul rebels against our cautions to you, "Stop, look, and listen,"think before you leap. You

know, we could make a wonderful team, you with your vitality and vigor, and we, with forty or more years'experience, walking side by side with you to help you appreciate the things which have made us happy. Yes, and we'll get around the

piano and sing with you to our—Illustrated by /. A. Bgwater hearts'content, "Don't Fence Me

In."SEPTEMBER 1946 563 Ruler of the Crags

elders. Fifty feet from the bottom,

the ledge broadened into a flat bench into which several fissures, or "chimneys,"dropped almost vertivans cally. From this lower lookout

Blackspike surveyed the ground below, then shambled lower.

At the base of the cliff the band scattered, seeking the torn snowslide channels which spread like long fingers far down into the stunted evergreens. On the openings

grew small lush plants and twig tips, dainty in their new green. Not once

did Blackspike look above him. Untold centuries of confidence in their

climbing skill had dulled his breed to the chance of attack from above.

So it was that an hour later as he browsed on a mountain ash clump, the old goat did not see the gray form which showed for a moment on the cliff top and then vanished, shadowy and soundless.

The ptarmigan, those trim, grouselike birds of the altitudes, were the first to learn of the gray wolf's presence on Dome Mountain.

Illustrated by Not even the watchful marmot John Evans had time to warn them, so stealthily did the marauder come. Even durThe younger males and the naning their brief mountain summer,

nies, kneedeep in the heather and roving hunters from the forests beground hemlock, remained motionlow seldom came so high in search less, facing the east as if in performof prey.

was soon after the sun came outFEETders bunched,high, Blackspike,his hulkingtheshoullead- anceday couldof somenotritebegin.withoutThewhichseveraltheir It

er of the band of mountain awkward, narrowchested kids that the wolf discovered the goats.

goats, rose from his resting place on gamboled waggishly. Close behind The light had found the cliff face

the brink of the highest cliff, and Blackspike, two were engaged in and magnified its slight irregularistood silhouetted against the slowly mock battle for possession of a small ties. Brightness and shadow lay in

flooding light. At this season he had outcrop of rock. A mile below and barbaric patterns upon it. A pair of

shed his thick white hair and the six miles distant, the big river ptarmigan flashed skyward to catch shaggy "chaps"which in winter curved between its flanking spruce the widening rays. Higher and highgave him an appearance of rugged forests. The morning mist lay over it er they dipped and swerved, possymmetry. In his scanty coat he like a silver scarf flung westward sessed by the flashing madness of

seemed ungainly, his head, with its toward the sea. Far down against their late season mating flight. From

two ebony spikes, disproportionatethe mist two golden eagles traced among the rocks to the north of the ly large. Short neck lowered, he exquisite curves and spirals. cliff the wolf watched them, brush

stood in that precarious place, starSatisfied that the band's feeding lowered, head outthrust level with ing unconcernedly at the avalanche grounds were free of lurking menhis powerful shoulders.

courses spreading fanlike from the ace, Blackspike started the stragThe pair were descending now.

base of the cliff. From shallow degling procession downward. Most With wings spread they were glidpressions in the rock behind him fearless and surefooted of the crag ing toward the broken ground to the

other goats were rising, and already dwellers, they stepped confidently left and slightly below him. They

one impatient yearling was moving onto the ledges where one misstep, swept parallel to the sidehill, banked, down to the feeding grounds. But an instant's error in judgment, seemed for an instant to hang in air,

still the big leader kept his lookout, would have launched them into then dropped neatly among the scanning the mountainside to see space. Down the cliff face they came, sprawling bushes. For the time bethat all was safe. the kids moving as expertly as their ing the wolf forgot the goats.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He circled cautiously in the lee of tween the two ledges when it saw a full hundred yards behind the the rock and commenced his stalk. the motionless gray shape. It flashed others, a young nanny and her kid

The sun's warmth was drawing the straight up, sounding its staccato were mounting slowly. Each time

cool air of the lower slopes upward alarm. the mother stopped to nibble at

in loitering currents, and, as the Instantly the covey scattered scattered tufts the kid's antics were wolf worked slowly to the left, he downhill, the young birds skimming renewed. Sometimes it would climb

caught scent of his feathered quarry. the heather tops, the hen cutting to to the gray crown of boulders, someHere and there the heather tips right and left behind, driving them times start ahead only to bear down

moved slightly to mark the erratic on, while the cock high in air clacked on its mother in short, stifflegged courses of the foraging birds. Body belligerently at the discomfited jumps, its hornless head lowered in

close to the ground, haunches and stalker. mock combativeness. The wolf

shoulders protruding, the wolf crept A less experienced hunter might moved northward, almost abreast of nearer. From ahead came the reashave broken cover and rushed after them, a gray shadow flitting to cut

suring clucking of a hen convoying the startled birds. But the wolf, them down off from the start of the

her halfgrown brood. standing now, scarcely watched cliff path.

With great muzzle cushioned on them scatter down the slope. Then

his forepaws the wolf peered down in a long, lithe leap he rose to the Cuddenly the nanny lifted her head the slope under the spreading tops crest of the ledge and halted, only with a warning snort, saw her of the heather. Once the light dishis gray head showing above the enemy and, with the kid running

appeared at the far end of a broken rim. close beside her flank, dashed away

opening through the stalks, then for twenty yards. She was confused,

slide the courses he terror saw she in her had no thought and it. again bird as a passed winked on A'long instinct flight until unerring the white but soiled of the several in Straight below him a more open

place the wolf saw the first of the shapes of the goats, some half hidof her kind made her swerve and feeding birds. Although their winter den in brush, others boldly outlined rush for the start of the path. Her

plumage of pure white had been against the green of the valley floor. course ran parallel to that of the

partly replaced by the dark protecOn the highest outcrop along the speeding wolf. His gait was faster

tive colorings of summer, he slide Blackspike stood staring placthan hers, but the broken ground glimpsed the white feathers. All four idly down. she covered so easily hampered him

paws shifted slightly as he crept on Dropping from sight, the wolf beand she and her offspring reached to ambush the covey. gan a long detour downhill. The the gateway to safety a good thirty

Ten feet farther on he stopped. full heat of the autumn day lay on yards in the lead. Madly she

On both sides of him rose rock walls the slopes. From eroded patches bounded up the steep trail leading to

six or eight feet high, forming a of bare rock, heat waves shimmered. the bench where the trail turned left

funnel through which some of the And while the wolf trotted craftily again. The kid's tiny hoofs thudded

ptarmigan must pass on their way along a depression paralleling the dully on the rock behind her as she up the slope. On the near side of slide course, Blackspike started breasted the ascent.

this miniature canyon the heather slowly toward the cliff path. In the But the gray hunter was not beatgrew thickly, giving him an excellent full sunlight and with no wind, the en yet. Haunches and shoulder

hiding place. mountainside was becoming uncommuscles rippling beneath his thin,

fortably warm. after them. coat, he bounded summer

tail earth to pressed he and Head the three of In groups and two recklessness gloating a showed He the bird scent came whilewaited also rest up. the moving of band were the distance between shortened as he

first of to the him. unstrongly The since fed abundantly dayhad They kid. terrified the himself The and enterbirds alreadysuspecting was light; thinking of they were now for him here ledge wide enough was this trap ofing the wide mouth the their resting places cool on if to easily turn the mother showed stalk rocks. the ochad Hisamong

cliff. the above snows terrific fight. last spurt he In one success hour,cupied but a good now

seemed certain. From the sloping side of an imclosed just as the two goats were

mense boulder, the wolf could see crossing the level of the bench. HurlWithout warning, a shadow Blackspike and some of the band ing himself at the kid's flank, he

swept across the rock face opposite, already mounting the cliff. He had turned onto the expanse of flat rock

and the wolf knew a lone ptarmigan never hunted mountain goat before, and, as the mother gained the narhad settled on the wall immediately but he seemed to know that tactics row ledge leading to the cliff top, behind him. The heather tips met he had used upon deer in the lowgathered himself to leap upon his

over his back, yet his great form lands could not serve him here. prey.

sank lower, imperceptibly melting Hungrily and with a savage stealth The kid never knew how narrowly into the mottled shadows. The he left the rock and started upward, he escaped the bared fangs. In short,

covey was close. always keeping a rock or clump of zigzagging leaps he was fleeing for

The cock ptarmigan on the ledge brush between himself and the the fissures which ages of sun and was ignorant of the danger. A goats. By the time he was close to frost had weathered in the face of

golden eagle sweeping low, a marten the frowning wall of cliff he saw his the wall.

ranging high in summer, these were chance, and as he slunk closer there His effort seemed hopeless, but as foes he watched for instinctively, but was a grim intensity of purpose in the wolf darted with head low and a wolf was an enemy new to Dome the slightly flattened ears and lowslightly turned for the fatal inward

Mountain. Leaving the rock, the ered head. thrust, the young mountaineer

bird was about to settle midway beAt the end of the straggling band, (Continued on page 597)

SEPTEMBER 1946 565 OUR MEMBERS m tL one &wSSian than four thousand memMorebers of the Church of Jesus By ARTHUR GAETH

Christ of Latterday Saints today reside in that part of Gerthe people went out and scrounged paper can be made available. Twomany occupied troops. Russian by for freed bread. her automobiles have been mindful member made A their a record of experiencesWhen rice of bringing to order headquarters the comChurch use by way

it willhas been compiled, represent foodstuffs. general. of other the and manding At Whitsuntide Two of theone stirring epics sacrifice of brethren the out of permission to hold a was received made their way

and cooperation in the history of city and returned with 1600 pounds mission conference at Leipzig, and "Mormon"missions. of potatoes, a bag of sugar, farina, members from many parts of the

Because of Polish expulsion orand bread. Another foraging party East Mission gathered in the city

ders, the more than fifteen hundred came upon Russians slaughtering where I well recall the priesthood members of the Church who had an ox. The Red troops left them jubilee which I helped to arrange

resided in Silesia now taken over by the tongue and less desirable secback in 1929.

the Poles, have had to find their way tions of the animal, so they brought When I asked Brother Langheininto Germany proper. In Cottbus, back one hundred forty pounds of rich how the Church had fared at

fiery, courageous Fritz Lehnig last meat. Others secured vegetables. the hands of the Russians, he reyear established a center in one of Through those trying days no one plied that all were pleasantly surthe schools, and there often as many starved, and slowly order was reprised at the consideration given to

as a hundred people were quartered stored. religious needs. With two missionuntil they could be pushed further aries ( there are now thirtyone local

into the interior to distribute themVyiTH the end of the war, the demembers called to missions in the selves in other parts of Germany. At sire of the members was to conEast German Mission) I interone time as many as four hundred tinue their religious activities. The viewed four members of the High

refugees were provided for by the Russians had to be contacted for Church Council of the Lutheran

Latterday Saint organization in permission to hold meetings. The Church in Berlin. They gave me the

Berlin. When the bombings caused ultimate result was an order from same testimony: contrary to their

tremendous displacements, the General Sokolovsky, noted for his expectations, they had not been disChurch leaders of the East Mission active participation in the battle of turbed in any of their endeavors, excreated community refugee areas in Warsaw. That order is today the cept where certain large estates were

the Spreewald, Sudeten Mountains, prize possession of the mission presiinvolved. They have been able to

and in Kreuz in Pomerania. An apdency, for it not only permits the establish a book center and although

peal went out to the membership in holding of the regular services of the the Russians had little understandFebruary 1944, asking for contribuChurch, but it enables representaing for church charity, which they tions of clothing, bed linens, and tives of the Church to move about, think is the function of the state, other supplies which were accumuand it secures for them a great prize and have been opposed to maintelated in quantities so adequate that—the largest collection of genealoginance of youth and women's organthe appeal was shortly voided. Tocal records intact in Germany—izations by religious bodies, they

day, of course, there is a general located by some of the brethren in have now given permission to conshortage of all clothing and supplies a mine shaft and other areas where duct these on a local basis.

among the members, but in 1 944 and they were carelessly dumped. UltiThe Church mission also has1945 many a person was assisted mately 60,000 volumes of whole opened a permanent refugee centerthrough trying of months family because trees as records and Church

its for older wives members: whothis selfhelp action and the well cooperaof films as hundreds will be

lost for have orphans husbands andtion of the of membership the difavailable to the Genealogical made at people eighty Wolfsgruen. Aboutferent branches. Society of genealobecause Utah, are permanently housed there on an

From the genealogist Langheingists succeeded in obtaining the writestate which includes fortyfive rich, who had been in charge of welten consent of the Russian comthousand square meters of park and fare, I heard a report of the ten days mandant to gather these records at twentytwo thousand square meters after April 23, 1945, when the Rus- a time when most people in Germany of pasturage. The inmates engage

sians occupied the area in which were more concerned with other in handwork and other activities, and the mission office was located at problems. the whole atmosphere is one of hope

Rathenowerstrasse 52. The seventyToday more than fortyfive and security.

five people in that fourstory house, branches of the Church are again thirtyseven of them members of the functioning in the Russian zone. The Tn spite of extremely strange conChurch, shared their provisions. For Russian officer in charge of propaditions and the loss of many values

two days from April 23 to the 25th, ganda and religious literature has through the destructive nature of there was little to eat. There were read many of the published tracts, war, the major part of the members

shells bursting all about, but ultiand the mission has permission to of the Church have not lost their bemately the struggle ceased. Some of publish leaflets when the necessary (Conctuded on page 584)

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA romm AND"j'fi ITS FULFILMENT Ow rran,R l/l. Jaulor J f President Woodruff lived on

the same block that we did, and had a fine orchard. We out in the world to preach the gosand it brought me an assurance that

also had a fine orchard and garden. pel, I am perfectly willing to go anythe promise of the prophet should be

Between our garden and his there where you desire to send me, but I fulfilled.

was an eightfoot picket fence. hardly see the necessity of doing it

President Woodruff knew me almost at home."So with new faith we went back

as well as he did one of his own President Woodruff turned to me to one of these bishops and insisted boys. In fact, I, boylike, felt that his and said, "My boy, if you will acthat he send out couriers to visit all

fruit was just a bit sweeter, a little cept this mission, as a prophet of the the people in his ward and appoint a

Lord, our God, I promise you that special meeting for them to attend.

the presence of the Lord shall go When we arrived at the meetingbefore you to prepare the hearts of house, it was packed to overflowing, the people to receive your message."and to our surprise everybody

This statement and prophecy of the stayed throughout the meeting, and

President thrilled me through and everybody wanted us to go home through, and I turned to him and with him. In the morning with the

said, "President Woodruff, for such president of the Mutual we started a wonderful promise, I will go to the out to visit the homes of the people ends of the earth to conform to your that were on this list. It so hapdesire."pened, without any premeditation on

our part or arrangement, that the to to near be first offender happened of men were called went staying, and or presiwe where A actnumberas superintendents we were dents of certain divisions in the to his home first. When we arrived

Church, and I was one of those sehe was there in his best clothes to lected for that purpose. meet us, kept his children home

We went to several bishops to ask from school, had a fire in the parlor, their cooperation and help in our and received us with courtesy and

PRESIDENT WILFORD WOODRUFF work. When we explained to them kindness. We didn't have to do any

our mission, some of them frankly preaching to him or to call him to more red to the apple than ours, and* told us that they were not in harrepentance. He volunteered before

so I climbed carefully over that mony with it; that they didn't think we said anything at all of his miseight-foot picket fence, and many we could do any good; that they had deeds, of the things he had been

times have I hurried back over it men in the priesthood quorums and doing wrong, put his head down on with President Woodruff after me teachers in the ward who could look the table, and cried like a little child with a long stick. after their own affairs; that they and asked if God would forgive him

President Woodruff sent for me didn't need any help from us. for the things that he had done

and told me that he would like me to I had in my mind all this time the wrong. And, when we explained to

go on a mission for the Church. promise of the prophet of the Lord him all the Lord required was for

They had decided to send out a that the presence of the Lord should him to put those evil things away group of men in behalf of the Young go before me to prepare the hearts and repent before the Lord, that

Men's Mutual Improvement Assoof the people to receive my message, God would forgive him, the people ciation to encourage greater attendand I said to my companion, "I think would forgive him, and his home ance and enlistment to the associathat we need to do a little praying would be a home of happiness. I

tion, and, at the same time, to call all and a little fasting; and, if it's agreethink both my missionary companion

people to repentance. When he ex-, able with you, we will fast and pray and I shed tears with him and

plained this to me I said to him, until we get the spirit of this mishis wife, and I am sure I had never "President Woodruff, is it necessary sion."We did accordingly; and then had things happen that gave me

in the Church where we have organone night a spirit came over me that greater joy or pleasure than in this ized priesthood quorums and ward I couldn't describe. It seemed to fill home witnessing the spirit of this

teachers to call our people to repentmy whole being with light, and I felt man who sought forgiveness. And

ance? Doesn't this problem belong almost as if I could fly. I had never so we were received as we went

to the quorums and teachers? For had in my life such happiness come from house to house with like conthe life of me I can't understand the to me as the spirit of that light which sideration. It was not necessary for

necessity of sending elders out to rested upon me. I didn't hear any us to do much preaching because the

call our people to repentance, and I voice. I didn't see a personage, but hearts of the people were touched

am frank to admit that it doesn't it was made plain to me, as to what before we met them. All, I felt, acimpress me. If you want me to go we should do, how we should do it, (Continued on page 591)

SEPTEMBER 1946 567 ESCAPE mm DEATH Jn AS RELATED BY

fp/elden //. Dmitri

by account the < Accompanying our.1 folded the and Smith, spirit, Elder tn:majs (SJWW7A, to > come can that teeling tet.tbfe mo$,',-itior>C>f evcrv istence a*9 be- a on letter based if not slization, bullet, a was the and J Vsotil OU "Era"mEn,3i t c < <fi dawn. breaks religion, -ealed ro hi l \K high the Clive, of C. Clifford from a have must communities and Nations

alive kept St. be Anthony, \\ b.h must,-it loissoess of priests'quorum v J ofazsrtout hopes everlasting is an there that fact (ha jo part: in wrote, Idaho, who the and best the between rence Jil!<

"As a high priest quorum our special interest in the singular experithought in the gratification we enjoy to Civilization ence of Elder Smith arises from the Im- 'The of copy that this folded

Zi Pniittrnl devi Cdcjat Ijfmmy provement Era'carried in the pocket

Of THE fift! JNCtL OF WE over his heart at the time the bullet

struck him retarded its velocity exvi-.t lining it the at Fra'i- stop to actly up.'enough lifted neihteousne*, is a there that OT,t and Use; rse; beyond. individua the boy's the for saved thus heart and and the nation t'>'ijl 1 'B,.!7! a of kanto* sPrai,u new of; a nature. everlasting r-drf.HA ipon vision (Lis life. rsHntiv..n coni the 'theThiH fosclf "& bcv*id. i: thto wriu;u;s t1.<- >.f brae! %q\on projects for:, quorum our one of "As,..,thebW o.;H'>'she "1 and Wan world the een- *Pr'r all;.""[ttgfe: sent through have years, 1 last made eer. the -—S-ti we few 'a h the 3w.

the entering, stake imhethutour the of members,T!!,tV Improve- 'The country HotYlfcatS our service of fjlE

1ElKMH l,f ment Era.'...

the

next morning we were preparing to attack. I was puzzled because I had

received no instructions. I had a feeling that something was going to happen

to me, and I prayed that I'd not be jc bout five years ago, I was attendkilled. Well, we went into the attack

/-\ ing a semireligious meeting which and had orders to go north. The shoot-

r* * I shall never forget, for the speaking was coming from the east of us, and er, I don't remember his name or sect, my squad was on the right flank closest gave a talk on faith which I have kept to the Germans. We came to a trench,

as my guide in life everywhere I go and and everyone jumped into it. The

anything I do. He said that those who platoon leader hollered for me to get the

live righteously and try to make the men out of the trench and get them gobest of every situation that arises will TOP: PHOTOGRAPH OF "THE IMPROVEMENT ing. The only way I could get them out

POCKET IN THE CARRIED WHICH WAS so I of them, to ahead go be happens that everything thatfind THE would JACKET. FIELD SMITH'S BROTHER to ERA"OF

I north. LODGED BREAST run to HIS started AND BULLET ENTERED will and out crawled This their good. is for ownthem HEART. HIS OF LINING THE OUTER IN trench when feet from the ten got about for have those believe to who hardseem

to live in poverty or who are crippled BELOW:TAKEN FROMPHOTOGRAPHTHE CHESTOFOF ACTUALELDER SMITHLEAD a machine gun bullet hit me in the chest.

for life or have other trials. I felt as if I had been thrown ten feet.

of pills (eight them) I sulpha took my the attack fullscale on our Before rethat of a squad. given charge With into get I could water drank what and received a France, Metz,city of we lives de- I those that sponsibility knew hit I to couldn't seem my mouth. my said Patton. General from Hemessage If person a me. on a lot pended face. all it. It over poured my with is mouth the take try to to time third thethis was it always responsibility given a pals little excited. I a Guess was My the most to be believedcity which was him. strengthens to try trench wanted and in the me were in world. the city defendedpowerfully

I trench. the to back crawl to on my River Moselle the It is by surrounded

I had just been couldn't do it, and every time I'd raiseon one side and steep hills on the other /n another occasion, little the machine gun wouldthree sides. These hills were hollow given a new squad. We were commy knee a

with forts in which the defenders had ing to the border into Germany, and our open up. Those bullets would come

supplies and arms and artillery. One big objective was Merzig. That day thump, thump, thump all around me.

way. some move I had to I knew position, was Well, and captured a fort was ten kilometers long or about we

get and to offered come in I which around. didn't know My buddiesI turned miles. six

I prayed for the courage to do my direction the Germans were, and none me, but I knew they would be hit if they and stomach it. I onto rolled my dark either. After we tried rest did, the of feel time at the I didn't because part

it blood, and of a lot up coughed hoping and it. dug in, finally a place found with through to go that I'd be able

A few days before the attack I was we wouldn't fire on our own men. The {Concluded on page 580)

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YESTERDAY AND TODAY spite of the many difficulties and M J-lctvim of tke (Ladt C/terman i55ion

INoppressions of the Nazi gestapo, the brethren have succeeded, during the war, in building the Lord. work of the By ELDER PAUL LANGHEINRICH, Berlin Spirit triumphed the The over of God

insignificance of human selfconceit. First Counselor of the Mission Presidency

Many difficulties incident to war were overcome through the loyalty of the Saints. Food worries, travel prothemselves had become poor during the As far as possible, tasks are being

hibitions, lack of shelter, and numerous war, our call was answered. The performed by groups, according to

air raids did not keep the Saints from Saints contributed linen, dresses, books, Church practice, so that the members drawing renewed strength from the and all kinds of household articles. As will become selfsustaining. In Cottbus,

gospel to overcome all obstacles. The the cities were evacuated, many memknitting by machine is being done.

people were heroic. Their deeds were bers were given shelter in Saxony. As Other camps have new tasks to do.

not of the spectacular kind, but they long as the Saints followed the counsel With the available lumber, we can revealed a deep, soulstirring greatness. of the priesthood, they were preserved build one and two family dwellings.

With the help of God and through the from harm and danger. In Saxony we In Wolfsgruen and Walthersdorf in

strong faith of the brethren and sisters, laid out three camps. At the end of the the Erzgebirge, we could start a modwe held with great success, almost for war, the immense problem of lodging ern furniture factory in available

the duration of the war, regular spring the many homeless members confronted rooms, if we had a way of financing the and fall conferences. us. The task seemed almost impossible project. With work, and adequate

Our members suffered heavy losses but with the Lord's help we succeeded. food which would insure continued

through the destruction of the cities and First, the brethren, about one hunhealth, the sorelytried members would homes. Many found themselves after a dred in all, gathered in the hall of the again be satisfied and happy.

terrific night attack, in the early mornbranch in Cottbus. Through the courIn addition to the material needs,

ing between the ruins and the glimmertesy of the Soviet army officers, we sucstand the sorrow and longing of the ing rafters, with nothing in their hands, ceeded in getting a former nursing soul. We are answering the earnest rebareheaded, covered only with scanty home in the Erzgebirge for a camp. quests for preaching the gospel. Our

clothing, without food and home, but Everywhere we received help through own publications, with the approval of not without hope in God. In all their the Soviet administration. On our first the occupation authorities, provide our

poverty, they were still truly rich. The visit to Buchholz, Sachsen, the members members again with literature. Soon

losses of life were small, but the mawere living on potato peelings. They we are expecting to publish the mission

terial losses were very heavy. Thouwere on the verge of starvation. publications Det Stern and Der Weg

sands became and still are destitute. Thanks to the support of the Russians, weiser in new and approved forms.

The mission home was destroyed in we could furnish the necessary susteUntil we have closer contact with the a bombing attack during the night of nance. The local German officials proChurch, the auxiliaries are using our

November 22, 1943. Of course, we vided a small amount of help. Once six own revised and approved lesson maunitedly started the cleanup work.

While at work, a still, small voice told me forcibly, "Leave this place with the lady missionaries at once."I did not

hesitate a moment to be obedient to this voice. I called the sisters to come with

me immediately. We picked up a few

belongings hurriedly and left the house.

One hour later, the mission home was so heavily bombed by another terrific attack that it literally burned from the cellar to the roof. Had Brother Klopfer,

acting mission president, then visiting MISSIONARY CONFERENCE HELD IN DRESDEN, us on military furlough, his wife, the of us were thrown into prison in GERMANY, MAY 1946 lady missionaries, and myself, stayed Zwickau. Someone had falsely susin the house, no escape would have pected and reported us. Through the terial. The number of active missionbeen possible, and we would have help of our Father in heaven, we were aries is growing. The people are hunburned to death. set free to continue our work. gry for the word of God. Now we

will must and in throw sickle our and districts of Koenigsberg, The Danwith help, God's reap rich harvest. a the of the zig, war, wake many homesTn Schneidemuehl, and Breslau

is youth are The is marching forward and disorganized. of In the destroyed. displaced Daily were members members diligent in the In work. order to create

alone, after seeking of a nightKoenigsberg in are being homes new met an even closer relationship among the in families farbombing, thirtyfive as possible, were Berlin. As have we pictures members, of the accomplishstreets,the burning roof without or gathered branches whole the and put ments of the mission are desirable and

risingclothing. In the ever view of previously members in prepared camps necessary. photo Our and film equipspite limited of resources,need earliest and in homes. and At the opportunity, burned. this ment was fact, sucDue to

in inaugurated 1944, a reBreslau is to January Branch we come in one large cessful accomplishments through publief the program. group. Although members (Concluded on page 596)

SEPTEMBER 1946 569 f. )&!0&:f

T Teard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt * * Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30

a.m. Central Standard Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Standard Time,

and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Standard Time.

\Jn fcvunnina rwau from, <=JLife Juccedd id rjeuer jritial

C\& this question of trying to run away from our HThere is a challenging phrase to the effect that "suctroubles and from ourselves: We all, of course, cess is never final."It is true that there are many

have our share of burdens. Some seem to carry them who seem to be successful up to a point—and then

better than others, but there are times, no doubt, when something happens. Some win honors and achieve dismany of us become discouraged to the point where we tinction in school years who seem to fail in meeting the

woridei; if facing life is worth the effort. Perhaps not real issues of life. There are some who are precocious

iinany of us seriously harbor the idea, and yet the as children, whose early success is not sustained shadow of its suggestion may sometimes cross our through later years. There are those who enjoy much

thoughts. But when life becomes overbearingly compopularity in their youth, but who later fail to fulfil the

plicated, when problems hang oppressively heavy, or promise of their youth. On the other hand, there are

when the courage to face consequences fails us, there "uglyducklings,"so to speak,, who were overshadowed are some few, unfortunately, who become so despondwhen they were young, but who achieve distinction in ent, so panicstricken, so baffled, that they contemplate years of maturity. There are those who die too soon

running away from life itself by removing themselves for success to reach them; there are those who die in

from the scene of this world's troubles and tragedies. the full flush of success; and there are those whd'Outlive

There is much that could be said on this serious subject, their own success. There are those who go through

as preface to which let us ask ourselves these questions: much of their lives, respected and in good conduct,

Do we absolve a man of moral blaine if he runs away who later make serious mistakes and lose all the to a far city to avoid facing a responsibility? Is an reputation for success they ever had, some on moral

obligation paid by the deliberate taking of a journey grounds, some on financial grounds, some for causes put of this worldNany more than it is by the deliberate unknown. But if they had died before they made such

taking of a far journey in this world? Is God, who gave mistakes, they might well have been accounted successus life, to have us tell him when we have lived it long ful. Where fair judgment and justice lie in such issues

enough? A man can no more restore his own life than would be beyond the power of mere men to say, and

he can the life of another,:'a he who takes what, he it is fortunate that the valid appraisal of success in life

cannot restore is doing a gravely serious tiling, as is rests with the Lord God and not with any mortal judge.

also he who undertakes to assume consequences which But this much we may surmise: that it is the whole

he can neither understand nor estimate, and the ultimate story of adman's life that must ultimately determine results *6f which he has no knowledge. To him who at whether or not he is successful, and not any single

any time for any cause contemplates thus seeking to page or chapter of it. And there are none so young but

run away from himself, let it be said that men are imwhat their performance has its effect upon the whole mortal, that -lile is purposeful, that justice is certain. of their lives, and none so old as to place them and their

These truths we need never doubt. It is such verities actions beyond judgment. A little foolishness may

that help men to endure to the end, which end, sodestroy a longstanding reputation for wisdom, and a called, is but the beginning of things beyond—and he little brilliance may seem to cover a multitude of sins,

who would run away from life, in this world or out of but life is not a thing that begins and ends at two definit, is but inviting the transfer of his troubles to another able points; it is an eternal journey, to endless destinatime and place of settlement—perchance on less favortions; and the highest reward is for consistency of perable terms than are available here and now. Wisdom formance—not merely for occasional flashes of briland the reason of reality would suggest facing the facts liance, or isolated acts of goodness, or brief periods of

and solving our problems on the best terms that we dependability. It is still true, as it was when it was

can make with rife, not counting on being able to escape.. anciently spoken, that to him "that endureth to the

from ourselves by restlessly running up and down the end"1 come the greatest assurance of success and the world nor by removing ourselves from it. In short, greatest promise of having the labors of his life prothere is no such thing,as running away from life, and nounced "Well done."

so we had better learn to live it. j

eiy.—July 14, 1946. 1Matthew JO: 22 -July 28, 1946.

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA S*:S?38S::::;::::ya:::::S;:K:S;K:SSi:::;;::;v;3:-S: | ft: i?

:::B la:;S*:;5i;;;:::;>S:i:#iS;?S:ipsm,-,.., *'<&$$&& ItoMOe *#P '-''y''''A:;.-. 0.-:::\';.-.v:.;..:.',,..-,,x';:':;-.':: ':.-:::v:--':; -;:!v:vi:;:v;::::':::;:;::;';:::::.:v-.:::.::::::::::''-:

L/. Jowlna \Jur vJwn J-robuem5 ovma anid Lhanqinama 9

'"Phis week in the valleys that fringe the Great AmerirE see before us these days a generation on the can desert, we pause again to commemorate the OnW move. There is much of going back and forth,

lives and labors of the pioneer empire builders of the much of running to and fro—much of seeking newinland West. It is ninetynine years—one year before sights, new scenes, new situations; and there are manythe Centennial—since they made their entrance into this who always seem to be possessed by the urge to be

forbidding wasteland, and, with hard work and the going somewhere, but who never quite seem to be help of God, here created one of the garden places of arriving where they want to go. It would be interesting

the world. Recalling these events brings to mind the to know how many of us who are on the move actually

pioneers and pilgrims of all times past, all who have have business of consequence or purpose of importance, ventured forth to carve out a way of life for themselves, and how many of us are deluded into thinking that and one cannot help being moved by how much they merely because we are moving we are getting sorrier sometimes did with so little, and, by comparison, how where. With those who move with constructive purlittle some of us sometimes do with so much. Those pose there can be no quarrel. With those who are

who succeeded best with least material advantage spurred by the wholesome discontent of progress there were those who were driven by firm conviction. Usually can be no quarrel nor can there be with those who

theyplaces—thatcould haveis, livedmore morecomfortablycomfortablyas tointheestablishedphysical things.move withBut thethoseearnestwho moveintentaimlessly,of seeingthoseworthwhilewho drift

man, but not more comfortably as to conscience, for the without purpose, are to be pitied in their waste of life compromising of principles, convictions, and ideals and in their want of objective. Aimless motion has little

never brings comfort inside, where a man has to live in common with directed purpose. But even more to be

with himself and all his thoughts. And so they ventured pitied are those who keep moving in an effort to elude

forth in the spirit of selfdependence as to the favors themselves—those who try to outrun the pursuit of their

of men, but with great dependence on the providence own thoughts, those who try to solve their difficulties of God, and set about to do what had to be done. Now and their troubles by running away from them. This

a man who is breaking the wilderness a thousand miles idea that all we need to do to solve a personal problem from populous places has no one to run to the minute is to move to another place is an idea in which we life becomes difficult or the minute problems become should not place too much confidence. It is true that

perplexing. So they did as men have always done when many of our troubles grow out of our environment, but

face to face with necessity: they solved their problems it is also true that more of our troubles than we care

with what they had. Now comes, a century later, the to admit are chargeable to us, ourselves. And for such

year 1946, with all of its realities, all of its headaches. troubles, moving offers no certainty of cure. We may

all of its perplexities, and we are led to ask what would move, and move again; we may alter our apparel, our

we do if the props and the pampering were taken away appearance, and our appellations—but unless with all

from us. It would be shocking to begin with, of course. this there is some genuinely new attitude, some new and

There would be much confusion, much consternation. real determination, we are running to no purpose, for

Walkingriding—butis alwayswhen thedifficultmachineryto onebreakslong accustomeddown, forgotto withoutthere, andsomethe oldchangehabits,within,the oldtheexcuses,old selfthe isoldalwaysfears,ten energies and common sense and neglected resourceand the old thoughts—and temptation is everywhere.

fulness come gloriously alive again, and some of the To be sure there is nothing wrong with moving. All

artificial props which we seem to be so desperately of us got where we are because we or someone else dependent upon are not missed so much nor so long as moved us there. But let us not expect more of moving

might seem to be the case. Our sons have proved this than it offers. It sometimes offers an opportunity, but

over and over again in the unexpected extremities of it gives no assurance—and though we were to run restwar. And, given reason enough for doing so, the same lessly up and down the world forever, we would never

stuff that made men and women selfreliant in the piomerely by moving shake off the shadows that pursue neering past would make them so again. It is not good us. Moving is one thing, and changing may be quite

is to change.for men "to be commanded in all things."(See D. & C. another—and the way to change

58:26.) They should "do many things of their own -July 7, 1946.

free will."(D. & C. 58:27.) 1 '—July 21. 1946, Copyright, 1946.

:'".;> j 571SEPTEMBER 1946

CHECKING UP Dm Ljiloert fndrewi

got fourthirty up Park. someAbout Roy Carol had knew I.van restgrass were the entered where they from as he as soon mindthing on her "Here, Bishop,"he called, as a

the warm, fragrant kitchen, but he said ing and said, "Listen, folks, I'm afraid pleasantfaced man hurried by. "This

nothing. Experience had taught him you've been neglecting your sacrament is my dad and mother. They came down

that the trouble which brought those meeting attendance, so I'm taking you here to check up on me. But I've dewrinkles between her eyes would be to a ward in Long Beach. It's a long cided they're the one's that need checkforthcoming in due time. ride. We have to go back to Los ing up on. Help me keep an eye on

"You know, Ivan, a letter came from Angeles and then to Long Beach. It them tonight and see if their church

Roy today. That is, if you can call a will take close to two hours counting behavior is up to standard."half page a letter. It's there—waits and all."The bishop laughed, "Hate to ask

"He's going overseas, is that it?""Isn't there a ward here in Santa you with your parents here, but we're

Ivan broke in. Monica, or couldn't we go to one of short on young fellows to take care of

"No, he doesn't think he will have to the Los Angeles wards and save at the sacrament."

go now the war's over—unless he enleast part of that ride?"Ivan suggested. "It's okeh, Bishop, I'll get that sailorlists for three years—"But I know some people in Long buddy of mine over here to help,"and

"And you've noticed a difference in Beach Ward, and they have the best he moved away.

his letters lately—now he's got so much Firesides too."

time on his hands,"Ivan filled in. It was about a quarter of seven when

on their were way Xhey people the chapel. few reached they Carol. asked A know?"you do "How something Carol had home. Ivan knew for to bewaiting it around I Church were after reading help could "How waited. mind, but he on her girl the up gin as a redhaired lately. as came don't lettershis come They

often, and as you said, they're just hall. Roy walked to meet her, and they "Ivan, how many times have we

meeting stayed sacrament from home in hand. hand back he's came then mentioned anotes now. And

rather three blocks? than walk Roy hair.girl, that red she has is and Jean, this That Mother, Jean.""Dad, forty miles us about took anyway. And if to belongs she don't even all know the into said. looked Ivan he wasWe for Relief I haven't Society to beenthe Church."face; radiant clear the eyes young and months."filled with Ivan,"Carol's eyes "Oh, at Carol. he looked sidewise then What "Yes, her Ivan squeezed Mom,"boy.tears, a such been If good "He's rest. his He at there mind put he saw really hand. got "I'm wondering who meeting priesthood all missed satisfied, anever girl then the Carol was was

Isn't on. nice?"checked Jean here, used always he and he was right.when

to wait until after sacrament meeting Ivan suddenly remembered what Roy before he'd go on a Sunday night date. had said about knowing some people

I can't bear to think of his getting blue in this ward. No wonder he had inor bitter because he's tired of being in sisted on coming here.

the service and maybe going out with the wrong crowd."She began to sob.

For a time neither of them spoke.

Then Ivan gave her a smile and went to call the smaller children to supper.

"Do you know, Carol,"he said, "I can't remember ever seeing you idle except when you were in bed, and then you generally worried about your work for the next day so you didn't really rest. I'm going to call the depot now

and see if we can get a Pullman to Los

Angeles next Friday night. We'll go

check up on Roy in person, and in the meanwhile maybe we can rub out some of those wrinkles between your eyes.

I've always wanted to see Hollywood and maybe get a chance to play opposite Betty Grable. I'll wire Roy

we're coming and maybe he can get the week off.

J. hey felt very much alone

in the big Los Angeles station, that is, until a big sixfooter in sailor blues jumped up and came to meet them.

With a cry of joy, Carol ran into his arms while Ivan stood by trying to smile and swallow the lump in his throat at the same time. Roy had even

arranged for their room. He had

planned everything except that he had only Saturday and Sunday off.

"But,"he told them, "we'll at least have our evenings together."

On Sunday, Roy took them to Hollywood to see some of the famous places.

TTiey spent the afternoon at Ocean 572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PEACE IN OUR WORLD REAPING WE WONDER NEW NEIGHBORS

By Charles Henry Mackintosh By Lucretia Penny By Bertha R. Hudelson

Is it it be broccoli? a beet? weeks ago they moved in next door, are not wise, who think the war is Could Two

or Potato. Irish west! sweet? Tomato?T heyover

Because another battle has been won; Could it be maybe a roasting ear? The van came in the middle of the night;

Because no rockets cross the cliffs at Dover, Bring out the botany and catalogs, dear. Till dawn I heard the shouts of weary men

No bombers roar against the Rising Sun, Asparagus? Leeks? Cress as in creeks? Struggling with heaviness, testing their

the thing might. last reaping we're we long At

is ended love of hate never on warThe sown. have

it little I is the cost; increase to think with a Later, eyes boy won saw To it cone? artichoke squash? be Could An

is the ramparts to across leave the undefended, the Unsmiling, boys watch Brussels sprout? Spinach? Kraut? The

lost. fight already the street; count unfought It To it! find It's ours. better raised But We'd we

I his hand, he and soon was their took out! his in yield to hate eachThough own may friend,

fashion, Cheering and laughing, racing on light

Yet each will use it to its only ends: feet.

understanding compassion, poison andTo former make new enemies of friends. THE PROMISE OF FALL I meant to call, solemn, wellgroomed, when To

We may have peace, and we shall keep it By Edna S. Dustin Hadshecurtains hanging, but I went before.

longer, flaunts winter her she brush r\EFYiNG dress hair smudged, and house askew With

If will into his soul of us look each *-* I took breast flamingo and wings Of if is love or stronger hate see growingTo door. newlaid, to eggs, her back dozen thrush. of a A

control. the only he world Within can she than Senorita is gayer No

In her bright petticoats as she paints each

h STAR OF GOLD REMOVED Her laughtertree. is heard in the tumbling leaves. THE TURN

As she walks in the face of death and By Alice Marie Graves By Helen Kimball Orgill breathes feel the aching of failure weight deep npo restore that she will again A promise the neighbor across saw my * within; earth's bright grayed with cheeks now way TheI her star today, of gold Take down scar. think the years through back and years To

in shining through, herThat window forever past the blue. superseded byWas see unfulfilment of youth's sad in them And

to tried the hide pain smiled andShe dream; YUCCA lain. her within heart long hadThat off far there glimpse a crossroad with To

his not mentioned name,Evading its Gene By Romolo turn wrong hero's of fame. her modestYet life lived thereafter half but not because A

I rise the courage that from desert sand, beyond won, saw "Vucca trees yours

A pillow wet with day begun. 4 Like waxen tapers waiting for the hand That's heartbreak.

The star to her meant many boys: Of God to light them, help man's dustfilled

The one who played with childish toys, eyes For you to drink the bottom of this bitter

The lad who had with living seethed, Turn from earth's windswept dunes to well

The twinkling eyes and teeth all wreathed search the skies. And further understand that time may soon

In smiles, who played at games with zest. run out;

And danced and skated with the best. Yucca trees, with many a lowswung star But now to turn the look from all that

their chastity white, of are Above should have been earth, of high wise and low, men living of the Lovely, candles Lord,O I'll say, helping search me, out And "God bestow? recompense you a wellWhat grace That might world communion every scrap

gold, star of it leadThe board. Ocanlet I left. something can do Of dreamstuff

selfishness greed, from andAway I yet. will!"

like long ago, on beckonTo That's courage.

star of to Bethlehem glow!The

LIVING WOMAN IN PEACH TIME

By Jo Adelaide Stock By Helen Baker Adams

for are brimful days, her well she there's time for everything: a THESEOH, knows to laugh play and sing: time and A

the goldred fullsoon peach, the grapes Too for poignant deep, time sorrow,A vined for hearts to time weep; wearyAnd

gone Are every goes, autumn for gentians, time robinwake, again—asA

all Retracting wealth. its tendered Her mind riding ducklings on the lake;And

Foretells the contentment deep of her brood for mistletoe timeThere's and heather,

Time for snow and summer weather. About the supper board on wintry nights When cookstove warmth and savory pledge

There's time for maidenhood to flower, of food

And for a bride who waits her hour; Set heavy eyes a-dance with hopeful lights.

A time for cold gray of the morn

When a woman's son is born. She hears the dull cicadas from her bed

And comes the lullaby's soft singing, And, wearily, remembers soon the frost, trees, fruitful barren the children's ringing; The laughterMerry gardens—dead!

earth's gifts The good can the falt'ring breath never quite be to watchAnd time

Of loved ones touched by grace of death. lost

When woman's hand the fleeting harvest

Hold fast the joys, the tears forgive, stays

Because it is so good to live!—Photograph by Josef Muench And stores, in shining rows, for leaner days.

SEPTEMBER 1946 573 Ckweh Moves On European Mission was ordained an apostle and set apart ing fine artists, actors, and newscast- "Older Alma Sonne, assistant to the as first counselor in the First Presiers."

Council of the Twelve, was apdency, October 11, 1934. Pioneer Day

pointed July 27, as president of the President McKay will mark his sevEuropean Mission by the First Presienty-third birthday on September 8. An /hurch members wherever they

dency. He sucapostle since 1906, he was set apart as have located, fittingly marked the

ceeds Elder Ezsecond counselor in the First Presininety-ninth anniversary of the coming ra Taft Benson dency October 6, 1934. of the Pioneers into the valley of the

of the Council Great Salt Lake, July 24, of the Twelve German Radio President George Albert Smith and who has held "pROM the New York Daily Mirror a special party traversed the old Piothat position comes word that Captain Fred G. neer Trail, covering the entire distance

since last FebTaylor, formerly of Salt Lake City, and in less than a week, to take part in the ruary. "one of those fine 'Mormon'boys who laying of the first stone for the $300,000

President Benwas a missionary in the prewar days "This Is the Place"monument where son whose apand had been in Germany as such, is President Brigham Young uttered those pointment t o now operating the radio station at now famous words near the mouth of

Europe was Stuttgart. Realizing that Stuttgart was Emigration Canyon.

ALMA SONNE made for the about to fall, forty Nazi SS men were Earlier in the day, President Smith purpose of reassigned to wreck the transmitter. It and party had taken part in a celebraorganizing the was estimated that it would take at tion at Henefer, Utah, where Governor

mission in Europe and making available least eighteen months to get the station Herbert B. Maw, in a special proclamafood, clothing, and bedding for Church back into operation. The army had it tion, created the "This Is the Place"

members in all European countries, back on the air in six weeks. Today, state park, and made definite promise

will return home with his assignment under Captain Taylor's direction, it is of completion of a roadway to follow fully accomplished. He has visited all described as one of the four most imthe Pioneer Trail from Henefer over

countries of Europe where Saints reportant stations in Germany with a Big Mountain and Little Mountain into side, including western Germany, twentyfour hour daily schedule featurthe Salt Lake valley.

Czechoslovakia, and France, and has just completed a visit to Holland, Sweden, Finland, and into Poland, making his first visit into the last two countries.

Elder Sonne, who has been an assistant to the Council of the Twelve since

April 1941, has a Church background rich and varied. From 1910 to 1912 he

filled a mission in England, where he had charge of emigration work, traffic, and transportation in the British Mission office. He has been a member of

the Logan Fourth Ward bishopric and of the Logan Ninth Ward bishopric, a member of Cache Stake high council,

Cache Stake M.I.A. superintendent,

and a member of the Cache Stake presidency for seven years, the last two of MISSIONARIESJUNE 10, ANDENTERINGDEPARTINGTHE MISSIONARYJUNE 20, 1946HOME Henricksen,Barton, ShermanReed StewartFranklinBarton,Lundquist,HyrumMyrtleJames ArohaHanson, Evelyn Jessie Holt, Haslam, Mae Carol Dawana in appearing picture the are: Oliver Those Jack president. was hewhich was stake'He Bernice Rosabelle Johnson, Randall, Randall, Maurine Hanson, Elbert Johnson, Joseph McCall, Christina

Shumway, Grace Williams, Alene Norma in Carl Daloy always Logan, Utah, and hasborn Robert McCall, Lindsay Ethel Miles, Walker Raymond

Hair, Bowden, Lewis Phyllis Kay Melvin Hodgkinson, Willis Miles, Castleton Payne, Verle Reed Joseph his there.kept home Emilie Eulla Kemetzsch, Shakespear, Erold Ann Clark Porter, Eraser, Archibald Agnes George Henry Webb,

L. Richards. Wiscombe, Stunford Donnell Whitehead, WilMonson Wynona Cummings, will'PresiSonne Mrs. accompany Ellen Elsie Patten, liam Knighton, Loreno Jean Field, Dame, Clara Duke, Alda Newman McMurLaw-

dent Sonne to the European mission ray, Leone Andrus Taylor, William B. Taylor, Douglas rence Greene, Alene Marie Kotter, Jesse Monroe

field..;... WakefieldBassett, RobertWelti,LouisJune Brandley,Alberta Anderson,Hal WilliamKeithFowkes,Done Layton,Moore, SarahLaRee MarieLamb,Orme,Elva VirginiaLuella Moore,Rupper,UnaVirginiaVae

Lee Kent, Florence Muhlestein, Loren Hill Orr, Ben Burton, Cathryn Elsie Carlson, Seisa T. Claussen, Don

Hill Collier, Lucille Booth, Kelley, Afton Gurr. Rosa Marie Knighton, Anna Goodman, Wanda Vernon Be CelebratedBirthdays To Royal Nuttall, Malcolm Oakes, Evelyn Eugene Peter01- Ellen Moulton, Eldon Kenney, Dora Veda Gone

son, Winger, Lowell Zelma Gordon Wright, LaVaun Petersen, sen, C. Lois Elmina Harold Papworth, Ruth congratulates Improvement EraHPhe Barber, Viola Jesse Burrows, Carter, Orson Mary E. Arvel Eleanor Rasmussen, Papworth, Ray Adah

Ellen Christensen, Ella Ray Melissa Dabb, Leo GibPerkins, Smith, Culler, Phyllis Uarda Lyneer Charles Clark, President both J. Reuben bons, Neil Royal Hansen, Kohler Holbrook. Homer Peter Burt, Baker, N. Lind Robert Simon Graham

of President David O. Elvira Fackrell, Holder, Esther and Jr., Clark, Lucile Hawkes, McKay Holder, Archie James Connie Peggy Dena Mae

the First Presidency, who have birthDaleWoodward,A. McAllister,Mack Kennington,Marguerite WellsThomas,ClintonRalph WakeAlma Kirkland,LaVell Smedley,Joseph RichardJacob MoroniLarsen, BettyBingham,Lou Marshall,Gertrude

days in September. field,Torres, LoisKathrynMargaretWoolley,Glad,HughRebeccaLynn Brown,Torres, WayneRuth EdnaKathleenBreitling,Chapman,Leon CalvinBawden,WillisIrene Craig,Blake, AnnitaMary

President Clark celebrates his sevAlbert Merrill, Phyllis Noall, Helen Lucile Oleson. Elmer, Nedra L. Lee, Grace Manwaring, Elsie Vom

entyfifth birthday September 1. He RayVirgieWoodfield,Parker Sullivan,Oscar JayWillieHunsaker,K. Tanner,ArlenNormanQ. Feld,more MaryLaycock,Wintch,LorenaBevanBrown,BoydBudBlake,HenryJohnHinckley,BlakeEdith Lorna Shelton, Soman, William Nelson, Leavitt, Reber, Nels Nyman, Dean W. Meryl Arthur Audra in counselor as second sustainedwas

Lucille D. Ellsworth, A. Ida Leland ErickLub- Betty Rose Wardle, Marie Wegener, Duane

April First Presidency 6, 1933, and J.the son, Clifford S. Humphreys. Pauline Henricksen, Call, WayneLarmer Oscar bers, Enoch Anna

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME tice, Wylma Rogers, Joseph Lorenzo Van Leeuwen, sen, Clyde E. Palmer, Fern Thacker, Frank Allen

JUNE 24, AND DEPARTING JULY 4, 1946 George Allen, Jr., Stanley Keith Andrus, Reuel Josiah Woodbury.

Ferl Bawden, Blackburn, Emily Worlton, Marjorie Blackburn, Worthington, Glen Vera Beth LaRae Dean in picture are: appearing Those the George Han-

L. Randall Boulton, Barrick, Bott, Jesse Kenneth A. Melander, Arthur Junius LaVern Toone Wayne Charles Bowles, Turner, cock Mares Elmo Owens,

Brown, Isaacson, Avard Pratt Ruesch, Richard Crawford Goodmansen, Johnson, Ingebord John- C. Helge William Turner, Stoneman, Harper Eyre Ray GustaYe

son, Jacobsen, G. Evan Wells Grant Waldo Madsen, Johnson, Jo Ruth Betty Truman Buchannan, GeneH. Lindgren Anderson, Elsdon Anderson, Mary LeRoy

Sterling in Sessions, Mardsen, Turner, Grant Milton Kunz, Frodsham, Delbert Charles White Deima Anna Jr., Y. MosleyHoward, Nannie Lowe, Newton, Reed

Lois William T. Jay/ Godfrey Linsay, Turner, Bigelow. Benjamin Vfllttam Marchant, Leone Ralph Nielsen, Zella Rust, H. Sarah LangstonNora White,

Milligan Lillian Nellie Farnsworth, Leroy Gilson, Norton, Fotheringham, Don Vincent Ray May Mary R. Edith Fitches, Young, Bendixsen, Hirst Kay Delwyn

Jr., Lora Haggen, Leo Packer, Pearson, Kapple, Grant Dean Norman, Dale Hyman, Peck Phebe Lyman LentordRalph Kitchen, A. Gayle Alden John Morgan,

Estelle Taylor Lillywhite, Kapple, Allen, Pearl Melissa Mahonri White, White, Lenore M. Dott Mary DorothyOakes, Reese, Walburger, Peck Zona Rex Dee

P. Claudia Richardson, Mortensen, Andrus, K. Doris Annie Mangefield Arnett, Mary Samuel Edmond Roma Estelle Lois Baird, Whiting, Widdison, Nelson John

Virgil L. H. Smith, Christensen, Smith, Smith, Finlinson, Virginia John Clarke, Peggy Lois Bushman George Iris Greaves, Harrison, Harry A. Theodore Dale

Wilson, Jean Alice Barton, Call Burton, Twila Vivian Heugly, Hunter. A. George McKay Dawn RichardBrown, Castleton. Lowell

Julia Davis, Hadfield, Erwin Helen Delbert HanGuy Davis, P. Victor Olsen, Hart, Ivan Edwin Jacqueline Lalene Lorin Darwin Geneve Mary Rohde, Bean

sen, Lewis, Johnson, Harold Durfey Verona Inez MacTaylor,Daniel Riches, B. Grace Thomas, Madsen, Buren, Helen Ruth Ted Kay Young, Harvey Van Vern

Buttle, kay, Collard, Clyde Betty Ronald Norman Edith Melgaard, Barnett, Heber Bischof Rachel Black, John LaRue Blair Robert G. Williams, Rigby, Owen

Carroll, Keith Eyre, Young Orton Maxwell Carma Horsley,Evans, Kathleen Clinton Loveland, Roscoe Standing, Lambourne, Erwin Wayne Edward Albert

Heilesen, Irene Lee, Korn, Lyman, Rene Amelia MableJoyce Franklin A. Calvin Pratt, Nelson, McRae, Mart Paul Don Anderson, Wood, Reed WaldeAugust

Keith Meservy. Hansen Burtis B. Robertson, Seibold, Percia Jeanette Neilsen, Nielsen, Seymour Jay London, Ervin mar Mae Max

Terry, George Samuel Tibbits, Bruce William WarMarvin Jewell Miller, Charles Merlin Plumb, Sharon Ray Engebretsen, Zina Rice Engebretse'n, Robert ren, Orrin Raymon Bates, Ethel Reader Call, Noal Mignon Robbins, Eugene Lee Robinson, Thelma Snarr, Wondel Jensen, Clara M. Larsen, John Martin Smith

Davis Despain, Virginia Edman, John Niels Ipson, Thomas Squire Baxter, Bessie F. Cherrington, Roscoe Larson, Floyd Edgar Lerdahl, Andrew Archie Swensen,

Nadiene Renee Meier, James Rowlings Nielsen, Patten Eardley, George Hugh Gale, Marvin R. Green, Ida Murri Swensen, Thomas Grant Farnsworth, William

Howard Davis Paul, Don Muir Walker, Don Albert Ina Hatch, Ruth Huffaker, Ilia Claire Hunt, Donald Lynn Allen, Lynn E. Cahoon, Amy E. J. Lundevall,

Westover. Bay Hutchings, Carl Walser Jackson, William Grant Birger E. Lundevall, Ray Edward Neilson, Hjalmar T.

Lucille Young, John E. Anderson, Jack L. Halversen, Sears, Dean Taggart Berlin, Allen Claire Rozsa, Oscarson, Carl A.'Sbderberg, Ella S. Soderberg, Alma

Clean Max Kotter, Elden R. Littlewood, Glenn Samuel James Bonner, Laura Pearl Bronson, Anabel Button, Gene Soderquist, Sten Hugo Swenson, Gordon Weed,

Smith, Douglas Wakefield, Claud L. Westenskow, Clarence Ransom Clark, Diana Mary Hollingworth, Glenn Clayton (toilette, Wallace Louis Schaerr, WilClarence M. White, John Horace Aikele, Seth G. MatMacoy A. McMurray, Bea Mendenhall, Doreen Nielliam J.-Nord.

Dimond Ward Genealogical Library Stake presidency made a survey of are completed and, dedicated, but many

T\imond Ward of the Oakland Stake members and investigators living in the of the ward's.membership remember

has recently purchased fortytwo district, and as a result the Phoenix when the area was, organized as a misfamily genealogical histories to be Fourth Ward was organized in March sionary district—a scant eight years!!

added to the ward genealogical library. 1939. Elder Rogers was selected as

bishop, Martin, and he selected Josiah collection of books,The now numbermission as first companion, counNew Wards fiftying volumes, will be his hundred two has Stake, Angeles Los Brea T a Ward, as selor, and Phelps second Homer to the toturned over Stake Oakland thie of portions created Wilfrom been counselor. since Phelps Elder has been for the nucleus Stakeform a Oakland shire, Hills, wards, Beverly and Hollywood released. library the recentlygenealogical when with bishop. as George Lynn Hoggan

projected stake tabernacle is completed. After meeting for three years in the Duncan Ward, Park Stake, has been:

rented building which first served as a formed from part of the Salt Lake City First 1

Phoenix Fourth Ward Chapel Erected Sunday School, the ward was forced t6 Ward, with Lamont F: Toronto as bishop;'

t*7HEN the $45,000 Phoenix Fourth find new quarters. It was summer, and Idaho Falls Eighth Ward;- South Idaho

Falls Stake, created of parts has been from fall the for they outside met season. As hall recreation chapel and Ward I the Falls Third Idaho with Ward, George into approached, they old an moved it fulfilled the recently, dedicatedwas A. Collins as bishop.

i sectarian chapel, but the members missionaries, stake Otis jream of two Henderson Ward, (Nevada); Moapa their build to chapel of a wanted own. Martin, who, Rogers, and Josiah Jr., Stake, j has been: formed the Basic from

at the of corner and Mohave A plot their in cast 1938, September had Branch, with as Edwin Dee Hickman sickle in the southwest portion of AriEighteenth streets was obtained and bishop.

zona's capital city, and found that part dedicated in March 1942.

of the Lord's vineyard ripe and ready To begin the chapel an old twostory Excommunications for harvest. brick building was purchased for $350 Carah Violet Carlson Anderson, born

In the fall of 1938 the section was and carefully torn down and the ma- *'*'August 17, 1885. Excommunicated May

blocked off as the eighth missionary terials salvaged for the chapel building. 13, 1946, in the College Ward, San Diego

district and a corps of missionaries asTheir contractor, George Hoggan, Stake.

signed. However, other Church activipassed away, and the bishopric took Crilla Alice Bland, born August 1, 1876.

Excommunicated 1946, in the Colthe May 13,ties missionaries until only claimed project. building charge of the The

> lege Stake. Ward, San Diego remained. menthe two of the entire Phoenix Stake membership

In January 1939 a Sunday School freely donated money and labor. All Ellen LaVerne Bailey King, born October

28. 1909. April Excommunicated 2, 1945;; holidays a rented designated organized as and met in "Fourth werewas

the Walnut Creek Branch, Northern j the thesebuilding. and on days"wondered how Ward work Many occainCalifornia Mission.

rent was to be met, but David P. Kimsions, as well as many others, the Relief

King, Frederick James 1, born Septemberball of the Society served lunch to the workmen on Phoenix First Ward offered 1933. r2, April Excommunicated in the 1945,

it. building. theto pay Branch, Creek Walnut Northern California

A month or so later the Phoenix Today the chapel and recreation hall Mission.

SEPTEMBER 1946 575 I

are seriously ill. And scientists proclaim that its

possibilities for peaceful uses are legion. Editorials The airplane, which created such havoc during

the war years, has also served to bring medicine to

ZJL 194647 WJ.J:Vkerne diseaseravagedto carry food to starvingtowns inpeopleinaccessiblestricken areasby suddenand

Let everyone get a knowledge for himdisaster. Man, who has fought as savagely and as

life, has been able to self that this work is true—then let every ruthlessly as an animal for his

person say: I will live my religion—attain a new high in his concern and consideration

will walk humbly before my God and for others who may suffer from illness and catasdeal honestly with my—Brighamfellow beings.Young trophe. Disturbances of living would seem to be the order

pOR the year that closes the first century of the of many ages, but they seem to be the distinguishChurch in the valleys of the West, and for ing mark of this particular era. What, then, can

the year that begins the second century of our hisman do? Is there nothing but to succumb to these

tory here where our fathers found their "land of tragedies? His attempts to stem this tide appear

promise,"it would be difficult to find a more fitting feeble in the avalanche of events. Yet he can do

theme than this excerpt from the utterances of something: He can train himself to meet the

Brigham Young. changing world, firm in his belief that the Father

It is fitting because it looks to the present and of man will never let his people perish. He can

realization that he is the child of the to the future—which is the worthiest way of comcome to a

memorating the past. Father, and with selfreliance, he can meet each

It is fitting because it affirms the glorious and day's tribulations, each year's difficulties, coneternal principle of free agency, ("Let everyone fident in the eternal justice and Tightness of things.

get a knowledge for himself") in opposition to The following statement, written by a young girl the vicious trends of regimentation, mass coercion, to her sweetheart is electrifying in its profound inand devaluation of the individual. Here again is sight: "It doesn't matter what happens to us, and

a clear and thrilling restatement of the Godgiven it doesn't matter for long, but it does matter how we principle of individual responsibility. There is no react to what happens to us, and it matters forcondoning of "the blind leading the blind,"but ever."* If Latterday Saints have lived as they

rather a reutterance of the strength and conviction should, they know that this statement is true. If,

that come with individual testimony. however, they have contributed by their wrongThe 194647 M. I. A. theme is, in short, a call doing to the events that have happened, they, of

to this generation to know the truth and to live course, must recognize that the results do matter likewise, "they matter forever."So long, the truth that makes men free—and we shall be—and

free on no other terms. And for this year of war's therefore, as they have done their best and have

aftermath, for this day of confusion, for these times lived to the truth, they need fear no disaster that of uncertainty, we earnestly commend, for reading, may come their way.

for pondering, and for living, the theme cited For Latterday Saints the statement is particularabove, which brings back the voice of our ninely worthy of deep consideration. With the Church

teenth century prophetleader and pioneer empire belief in eternity, members can develop within builder to call us to face the second century as did themselves a resistance to occurrences that might they who faced the hazards and the hardships of otherwise tend to discourage if not destroy them entirely. They can come to know of a surety that the first century—knowing the gospel of Jesus

living as they should, "It does Christ—and living it! R. L. E. so long as they are

not matter what happens to us, and it doesn't mat- >> ter for long."But equally well they will know that

omver they must train themselves in their reactions to the "Jt Watte* 3 events since they are building not only for time, but

N a world of rapid change and cataclysmic hapalso for eternity. I

penings, none can expect to journey through life When they realize this, no physical disaster can without some upheavals and some disarrangements be too great to bear, no financial loss too galling in of even the bestlaid plans. Even life itself is an its bitterness. The only fear that they will ever

uncertainty in these swiftly moving days. One entertain is that they will lack the power to retain

personevents—andalone probablycannot controlwould thenot onwardwish to, rusheven ofif theirthey abilitywill be todeniedendurethewhatevercomfortingmay spiritcome ofso theirthat

he could, for he knows that what can be used for Father in heaven. They will, if they believe fully

destruction can also, with some adaptations, be in the gospel, learn to accept without too much turned into constructive development for man and questioning whatever happens, studying more fully the world in which he moves. The atomic bomb, the gospel which will in turn teach them to live

which struck horror to people's minds and hearts more abundantly in spite of their loss. M. C, J.

a little over a year ago, is even now proving a blessing in its application by doctors to some who 1946."Kennethp. 105. Irving Brown. Margie. The Association Press, Naw York,

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA purchases on his own account. It is folly to suppose that he could hold his high position among a Evidences and people who moved from New York to Ohio, then

to Missouri, then to Illinois, without doing business for the Church and for himself. reconciliations It would be equally folly to believe that men

could do business one with another without differences of opinion arising now and then, some of cumIL l/l/as /Joseph S>mith Afcones t which would have to be settled by courts of law.

Especially would this be true where enemies sought inin i/->vi5ineS55l i? out every opportunity to embarrass the Prophet

and his people. The records show that on the

'"The persecutions of Joseph Smith began when he slightest pretext, these enemies brought trivial first announced that he had had heavenly manitransactions into court, which normally could be festations. They grew in intensity with the coming settled among the principals. Often the lawsuits

forth of the Book of Mormon, rose to fury when were brought by people under the instigation of the Church was organized, and increased in volavowed enemies of the Latterday cause. It is said

ume until his martyrdom. Every conceivable charge that it was the custom for informers to receive a

was hurled against him: He was a money digger, part of fines imposed."That made such practices

impostor, embezzler, and adulterer; he practiced profitable.

every sin in the calendar; he was the worst charSo low did some of the persecutors fall as to tell

acter of his generation—so the persecutors said. that when Joseph Smith repaid a loan of $3,000.00

By every available means, actuated by hate, men to Samuel Brown, it was merely to make friends sought to destroy him and his work. with him, so that he could borrow again with the

It is doubtful if in the history of modern civilizaintent to defraud him. No comment is needed on

tion any other person, or any other people, has such foul charges.*

had to endure such continuous and vicious persecuOne hundred years of diligent search by antition for matters of belief. It is a black chapter in "Mormon"writers have brought to light so few

the story of human intolerance. business clashes among Joseph Smith and the

In the words of Brigham Young, the Prophet people of his day, as to be embarrassing to those... was hunted, harassed, tormented, afflicted, and perwho charge the Prophet with financial irregularplexed; taken before this magistrate and that magistrate. 1 ity. No reliable evidence of dishonesty has yet

He had to defend lawsuit upon lawsuit. He passed through been uncovered. There is no evidence that he at

fortyseven lawsuits, and in the most of them, I was with any time attempted to escape his financial obligahim. He was obliged to employ lawyers, and devise ways tions. Instead, the evidence is that he sought to

and means to shield himself from oppression. Lawyers would meet every honest obligation. For example, after

come to Joseph, professing to have been his friends, and leaving Kirtland where his life was in jeopardy,

I to get a fee. see could palaver around him through them he made a list of his creditors and the amount he their evil intentions. struggle to and read through had He

poverty and distress, being driven from pillar to post. I owed each. That was the method5 of an honest

wondered many times that he could endure what he did."man. There was no subterfuge. Sooner or later,

his honest debts were paid.

the charge against eneProphet by A favorite of the latterday that mies been he work has was Disappointed "Mormon"-haters have usually taken the socalled "Kirtland bank failure"as evinot honest in business. Naturally, he and the

the of dence Prophet's financial dishonesty. Forin business. Kirtland Church were Temple The

for tunately Smith's reputation, Joseph this wellbuilt public buildings projected other were and and known "evidence"has not been sustained by the very early in the history of the Church. Lands

were bought to help needy Saints, and economic facts found. Instead, those who have trotted out

ventures were fostered by the Church. Besides, the Kirtland Bank affair to blacken the Prophet's

Church members, as other members of the comcharacter, have placed themselves in dishonest and ludicrous positions.

munity, engaged in business.

In the normal course of business, money was Kirtland, Ohio, had been the home of the Church occasionally borrowed by Church members or by in the early 1830's. There the first temple of the

the Church itself to meet immediate needs, or maChurch was built in the days of the deep poverty terials were bought on credit, or lands secured unof the people. Many members of the Church lived

der mortage arrangements. Such dealings were of there. After persecution hindered the Church in

the usual, acceptable kind, wherever men do busiits Missouri projects, it was decided to give new ness with one another. emphasis to the Kirtland section of the Church.

Joseph Smith, as the President of the Church, Kirtland was a promising section. Its lands were

became of course involved in all Church ventures, fertile; it lay beside Lake Erie; settlements were

for which his signature was required. He also made (Continued on page 604)

Journal of Discourses 11:322 "J.Vhid..H. pp.Kennedy,158159Early Days of Mormonism, pp. 160162

2See ibid.. 8:16 F. M. Brodie. No Man Knows My History, p. 201.

SEPTEMBER 1946 577 omxm w LET'S HAVE MORE MUSIC IN OUR HOMES

By Alice M. Read come over to spend the evening, we

always sing. Uncle Dave generally

**T et's have more music in our brings his violin. He can always play

homes,"seems to be the desire of all the pieces that Mom plays on the many boys and girls. They don't mean piano. They always played together,

by way of the radio or phonographs when they were kids at home."

either. They want "home produced""You are taking violin lessons, too,

music. aren't you, Tommy?"I asked,

I just Most parents learn to play be pleased says if "Yes. would and Dad

...made with CINCH CORN inspired if they as well as as and Uncle knew how much their make Dave

MIX. Each BREAD conpackage sons satisfied,"daughters and enjoyed an hour of it, he will be much use

tains ingredients. necessary ALL

entire an or little evening that sister is the group had continued Tommy. "My Just water, mix add and bake.

spent around the piano, or maybe the going to take piano lessons, when she Try this! Split muffins, fill with a

dab of butter family organ, singing together. gets a little older. Then we can play

and jelly and Sometimes this happy scene lives together, just like Mom and Uncle replace in oven only in memory, because part of the Dave do."

for a minute family is scattered. It is a memory that Children like a great variety of songs.

or two. Bob or Mary enjoys remembering and They like to sing folk songs. They entalking about. joy singing the same song over and over

Try Cinch the best last had night. time again. "We We Waffles and all at were home. I the played Mother often gathhome, was we "When Cinch Hot piano, and sang. we know You for sang piano ered sang our around and we Cakes, Too! for over hours. two sang to half everyabout hour, before an went we We

body's favorite songs,"Emma Jean bed,"a friend of mine once told me.

A CINCH FOR FLAVOR confided to me, as we walked to school. "My folks won't let us go down

"That must have been fun,"I antown to hang around at night,"Jimmy swered. confided to me, one afternoon, when he

BaV< Tommy, another of my students, was came in to get a library book. "We

up, don't care though. 'Cause we generally

I like to have something... Better walking"When Unclewith us.DaveQuicklyand Aunthe spokeMyrtle do at home.

The Baking Powder with the, BALANCED DoubleAction

Clabber Girl is today's baking powder... the natural choice for the

modern recipe. Its balanced double

action guarantees just the right action

in the mixing bowl, plus that final rise to light and fluffy flavor in the oven.

toi#'-S\ Good Housekeeping J S'J'V"tavr.Turn Xtli

CLABBER GIRL Vcdunq VowdeA HUIMAN AND COMPANr TERRE HAUTE, IND.—Photograph, Harold M. Lambert

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

it best when Dad plays his banjo and the family will be quick to learn and we sit around the fireplace and sing."appreciate old favorites.

"I wish our family sang together A family achieves a closeness in fammore often,"Caroline said, when we ily group singing that they seldom have fun, music. talking about "It waswere

will time. other at any Those hours

it."when we did looked soon forward be to. They

is singing enjoyed Group by bothyoung and old. We should encourage will provide wonderful memories to be 5

everyone in the family to "join in"the looked back upon.

singing, regardless of how little they "Let's have more music in our know about music. The young people in homes."

Applesauce cupcake Thermos of milk

Egg Salad Filling 3 hard cooked eggs, chopped Josephine B. Nichols J4 cup chopped green pepper urkees

1 teaspoon chopped green onion VEGETABLE again: are here MakeCchooldays sized medium l/2 cucumber, chopped OLEOMARGARINE and healthy 34 the schoolchild dressing salad happy cup (MARGAR1

with a good, packed lunch. Combine ingredients, place in covIt takes time and planning to prepare ered container in refrigerator, until

nutritious box lunches that pack readily ready for use.

and are still appetizing several hours later. Applesauce Cupcakes

is almost equipment packing Good shortening cup as Y2 sandfood, because asnecessary good 1 cup sugar this margarmodern / (&Q>V& fresh not stay become andwiches must 1 egg it's fine, at ine! once You'll why know cookies oreither and soggy. Cake dry 1 raisins cup flavor Durkee's Margarfresh makes

must not crumble or dry out and milk 1 cup nuts ine so popular as a spread... why

must stay cold. 1 teaspoon soda delicious Durkee's adds to the ap-

A regular lunch box or pail is best, 2 teaspoons baking powder petite appeal of favorite dishes.

but many children dislike carrying lunch 1 teaspoon cinnamon Truly a farm product! Durkee's

prefer and backboxes home is select vegfrom Margarine salt teaspoon made a paper Y2 that can be discarded cartonsack or fresh, oils, pasteurized 1 and cup applesauce (unsweetened) etable after use. When a paper bag is used, it 2 cups sifted flour skim milk from American farms in

is not desirable to carry a thermos botMay use 134 cups honey in place of the heart of rich dairy sections. Durtle. Children can usually purchase milk sugar and 1 cup whole wheat flour for kee's special process evenly distribor soup at school. 1 cup white flour. Cream shortening; utes the tiny particles of vegetable

Wax paper is practically a must for add sugar; beat. Add beaten egg, fat in order to give you a superwrapping food for the lunch box. Small raisins, and nuts. Sift flour; add dry smooth margarine with the flavor

waxed cartons with lids are excellent ingredients; combine with first mixture. evenly distributed. It's enriched with

for salads and desserts. Add applesauce last. Bake in paper Vitamin A, too.

Lunches packed the night before bake cups in muffin pans at 350 F. for

often lose appetiteappeal by morning, thirty minutes.

but you can prepare ahead by getting '.*)

supplies ready, setting butter out to Whole Wheat Nut Bread >/ soften, making sandwich fillings (store 1 cup sugar in covered jars in refrigerator ), etc. 2/3 cup honey

2 eggs include two to box might A lunch 1 cup sour milk using a sandwiches, substantialfour 1 teaspoon soda fillings, a crisp andvariety of breads 1 salt teaspoon carrots, celery, or asalad, pickles, raw fat melted 34 cup like sweet something tomatoe;whole

I}/? flour cup beverage, cake, fruit, and acookies,

flour cup whole wheat rolls 13 to relieve.breads, for fun monoandand just

nut meats cup \]/2 ng"\ight'luncher, and your both fortony you J5#<Must biscuits. raisins 1 cup Ind used be salted stuffed prunes, in it can a surprise,tuck economical So thick. Beat eggs sugar until and Add #nuts. liberallyNourishing shortening honey; well, then and mix

A Schoolboy's Lunch add sour milk. Add white flour, sifted

Egg salad sandwich on enriched with salt and soda, then whole wheat parents. too.

white bread. (Filling should be as flour. Fold in raisins and nut meats.

thick as one slice of bread. Bake in waxedpaper-lined loaf pan at

Two peanut butter and jelly sandMakes350"F.twoforsmallfiftyloaves.to sixtyExcellentminutes.for

wiches on whole wheat bread. lunchbox,

1 whole tomato i'J i > "'..'{Concluded on page 580)

SEPTEMBER 1946 579 Cook's Corner An Escape from Death {Concluded from page 579) ( Concluded from page 568 )

Sandwich Suggestions seemed to make me feel better; I

in. rolled to the trench crawled and Meat and Fish

I there After a moment, was able I was

Tuna fish with salad dressing. May to walk. I walked about a quarter of a

also use shredded lettuce, celery, or mile to a cement building. When I got

cabbage. there, I lay down and couldn't get up

Chopped meat, hard cooked eggs, any more.

green pepper or parsley and salad I knew I wasn't going to die. I had

dressing. prayed that morning that I'd not be

Chicken with parsley and salad killed. I felt pretty tough for a few

dressing. days. I was operated on two months

Tuna fish, olives, and nuts. later, and the bullet was taken out of

Ground ham and sweet pickles and the lining of my heart. There were

salad dressing. some very good doctors over there. The

Any leftover meat chopped and nurses and doctors were wonderful, mixed with salad dressing. working long hours and doing much

Eggs work.

Hard cooked eggs, minced and mois- I thank the Lord for preserving my tened with salad dressing. May also life. That sermon has proved true that

use chopped olives, chopped ham, no matter what happens to you it's for if have faith and good you your own crisp bacon, water cress, nuts, chopped The in I feel that experiences trust him. my leaf. lettuce or

have benefited me very much. I'm

Cheese thankful for the teachings I've had that to thankful I'm influenced my actions. with cream, cheese, moisten Grate the

have freewhere an American we juice, be pickles, tomato ears of ketchup, chopped ffl Ust<* piano h V opportunity. unlimited and dom

salad I'm as healthy as 1 doctors say The 1 *** - \T kG th- i or Gratedsalad dressing.cheese with nuts and

dressing. ever was, having no trouble with my

Nuts and Fruit heartI thankormyanythingHeavenlythatFather.time won't heal.

Chopped nuts and salad dressing.

Chopped nuts with dates, raisins, figs, or other dried fruit.

Chopped ripe olives and nuts moistened with salad dressing.

Peanut butter and raisins mixed. MUXES'MLJS * Fruit jelly or marmalade. rlanifamts

will be used Hints Payment for Handy >C en Maple Sea Foam Frosting event publication. the In one dollar upon

1 cup dark corn syrup that two with the same idea are submitted, 1 egg white the one postmarked earlier will receive the 2 drops Mapleine flavoring dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

Heat syrup to boiling; boil one minute. but each will receive careful consideration.

Pour syrup slowly over beaten egg white, beating constantly. Add flavoring and beat

(lllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllilllllllllllil! until frosting is cool and stiff enough to hold Try using milk in place of water

its shape. [J—The latest reference Bible, when making punch from punch powBeautifully amount of sugar. N. 7'., Hoodsow King James Version der. It is a delightful new drink. Use bound YOU same CONTAINS River, Oregon.

Over 200 pages of references. Indexed by By Elaine V. Emans

Book, Chapter, Verse and Page Number.

Beautifully illustrated with colored LITTLE by little I find and piece together To remove mildew, make a very many pictures. The variant parts that made the whole weak solution of chloride of lime in

Christ's sayings in red letters. of you: water, using about a heaping teaspoon

sturdy the loved, the you dog There was BibleSmith's Dictionary. strain it carefully the dip to and a quart, weatherConcordance and if in it, the the or spot garment and blue winter, a on cold white summer Atlas of the Holy Lands. Of forms.Genealogy trees; of the companionship not immediately, disappear does mildew good Lake, and

Doctrinal Subjects Indexed by Page each birds, the Handel, and and NumThere were it in for lay the sun ber. hymn it into lime dip the water a fewagain.—Mrs.*minutes, or of twilight, at sang some motherPublished Your National Bible Press. by The

these E. F., Buffalo, New York.

Price $14.95 Books you've around you now, back in the

95c Down payment secures the Bible, Balance dim Not many housewives relish the $1.00 mail weekly by past; there duty. the of and for 14 weeks, A postal Libraries was thought of using dull paring and butcher full bringcard will information.

city, of too, beauty and a much There was

I have not yet discovered, and may never knives for preparing food. How simple

shall, I think) I cannot dreams (But and crockery! to of sharpen a piece them onPeckDistributors Gold Seal

name. little 2SS1 takes time. very Charlotte, Saves andBox money flame, like gently surely, blowing some No. Carolina And There was the fear of God in you forever.—N. T., Maryville, Missouri.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Traveling

with

children?

Ttext time, tntf t&e tnafa

The train offers a great many ad- 5 Southern Pacific dining cars offer vantages to parents traveling with a wide variety of food for children as children: well as adults. A special children's

menu offers meals at less than adult i Safety. Statistics prove that you cost. Ingredients and facilities are

and your children are safer on the provided for the preparation of fortrain than in your own home. That's mulas and special diets.

pretty hard to beat. O On the train, children have plenty

of room to move around. They aren't

2 Low cost. Children under 5 ride "cooped up"as in so many other

FREE when accompanied by an forms of transportation. And they

adult, children from 5 to and includwill get a friendly reception from our ing 1 1, half fare. trainmen, most of whom have chil

3 Pullman berths cost the same dren of their own.

whether used by one or two people. 7 Traveling on the train is highly

Thus a mother with a child can "doueducational for children. They see

ble up"with the child in a berth for their country intimately, at ground no additional Pullman fare. level.

4 Children get seats in chair cars 8 Children love to ride on a train.

and coaches just like adults, even Remember when you were a child though they ride free or for half fare. what fun it was to take a train trip?

'Ttcxt time, Pup t&e tnaia

The friendly Southern Pacific S*P

SEPTEMBER 1946 581 ') ') > > >) >'*'''"Sj''*> v '< v out that stealing by any other name is still

Jkere id rnother J>lde to stealing at whatever age or for whatever purpose?

TOLERANCE ourImposingneighborsonwhenthe capacityleaving earlyfor toleranceteenagersof to their own devices for six or eight hours, six days a week, or for regular intervals once or twice a week? ( Being old enough to

Du vSernice iSurton Molnnxei mind one's business is no indication that one will so conduct his affairs.)

Thinking that because a child is able to for feed, talk, needs nature's walk, and care OFFERS YOUNG Mosttolerance,of us aremuchagreedmore,thatis necesmore or left alone? that he wisely be safely can

LATTERDAY SAINTS ing peace.sary toTolerancemake andshouldmaintainstartlastat or(Suchkeptcaremanyor alackchildof itmorallyseems andto havespirituleft

home, for the near neighbor as well as ally barren. The spirit needs food, cleansing,

too.) warmth, and willing to be more far one. We arestandard university training the

Trusting him where and with whom (the ideas, and words, tolerant of others'in the world's finest social actions, to count to one hundred inunknown friend) we would not trust ourto decide alone, or with only Leaving him generalities, perhastiestand spiritual environment at walkstead theof ten,secondto turnmile,theto loveotherourcheek,neighto selves?the vaguest and

bor, to do unto others. plexities of social conduct that still puzzle

to talk interested to ear our tolerall of this may do as exercise to these to solve as or problems more much But men. fellow of our ance on behalf Dwmw We are willing to give all of this us at times? (Letting him have time and talking to him.) self- f i//ouna tolerance, or unthinkingly do we how often

ishly ask someone else to turn the other Dealing with our children in such a mancheek, insisting on another going the fessionner as toof,indicateone's failings,that admissionshortcomings,of, or conand umversiht second mile with us? sins are all that is morally, and socially

PROVO, UTAH There is a side of tolerance that inbinding upon the individual?

cludes making ourselves more tolerable Maintaining that our child may be at ro others. fault or in error in his dealings with others * None are immune to the making of and yet be the soul of injured innocence

mistakes. A little more foresight, more when a neighbor confronts us with the fact

that not the evidence or he only may be but in is at fault error? or actuallyAUTUMN QUARTER DATES willingnesscareful planning,to accepta greatresponsibilitydeal morefor

be, within in his are, indelibly Failing or should to imprint which way ofPreliminary Examinations things right, life important the principle, that most crying need today. is a our control

and Counseling for New We are inclined, everyone of us, to right—the right to be let alone?

Students beginning let the unpleasant, the difficult, the Failing to impress him with that most bothersome task lie, either hoping priceless principle and precious fact that someone else will assume the responhome, your home, my home, the home of the of door, next and the home man the man SEPTEMBER 25 or matter, sibility, of the care or take is street, shall the sacred none "where down forget will and overlook that everyone afraid, hurt to or eavesdrop, come make

Registration for Other the unfinished, neglected, or untouched annoy or molest in any way by deed or

Students task. This is the most common way to word"?

make an overdraft on the tolerance due

SEPTEMBER 30 us. Oh, how diligently, how firmly, how

Have we, have I, have you been unceasingly, we must strive to live so guilty of: that others can and will find it in their

MAKE YOUR APPLICATION EARLY Neglecting to teach effectively our chilheartsbor is toto betolerateadmiredus. andIn appreciatedshort a neighas

dren to respect the property rights of others much for his lack of vices as for his possession of many virtues. iv-J..*''.iX.iik/iilii K'i f, >i % 'i orthathavethe weentireallowedstreet ourand childrenadjacenttopropertyassume

is a sort of public park? (All excepting our

QXi> 5*9 QYb 5>OS >(> e>3 5*9 e>3 S> 8*9 CK9 G*3 > lawn and our shrubbery.)

attending Religiously our Sunday meetSONG FOR A DAY disturbances children create ings while our cco/* destructivelythroughout the onneighborhoodporches andor congregatelawns of By Catherine E. Berry

momentarily vacant homes?

F polish pans and and cook sweep scraps taking boyish and fights two; a seam or sew And as Junior as soon and * Cooa [Reading as Suddenlyall in a lifetime,

flour, for apples, and spice, are big enough to lick all the "kids"I shop Johnny you. a pie for To make in our neighborhood?

SUBSCRIBE TO THE Letting early teenagers and younger fry scarcely long enough days seem The to play, possibly out annoy, and loaf, if you all I to do; For have

please, the street till ten or up and down dear, I minded, never But IMPROVEMENT ERA have eleven o'clock at night, even neglecting to The things I do for you.

check to see if that was his voice yelling imprecations12 Issues $2.00 stars twilight and silver comes in the direction of some When

neighbor's house? the blue, twinkling through Come

Considering stealing apples, etc., as just The crowning moment of my day

one more prank to outgrow, or did we point Is watching, dear, for you.

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I and OftPlATE Your Engine

is Saturn just why because And molecular attraction NOtheoneonlyknowsplanet rings to have holds oilplating Conoco up where around it. We do know, however, that it belongs... prevents it from all

mighty forces of gravitational attracdraining down to the crankcase, even tion hold them there. Through extenovernight... you get these benefits:

sive research into the forces of atadded protection during the vital traction between molecules of liquids periods when you first start your and solids, Conoco scientists are able engine to bring America's motorists the benaddedtion whenprotectionyour enginefrom corrosiveis not in useacefits of new and better oils.

added protection from wear that

Using the force of molecular atleads to fouling sludge and carbon traction (basic force that holds things added smooth, silent miles together), a special ingredient in That's why you'd be safer to oilGonoco Nth motor oil is attracted to plate your engine now... at Your

working surfaces of your engine. In Conoco Mileage Merchant's. Look

fact, so strong is this attraction that for the red triangle. Continental Oil

cylinder walls are oilplated. Company

Ssrrsp o/lplatb mtv/ 583SEPTEMBER 1946 "Beauty Food is Our Members in the

Duty Food"Russian Zone By Dora Loues Miller (Concluded from page 566) <-ACCOMPLISHMENT lief in the message which they emshould always be the result tfCven the nation's animal life is bebraced for its spiritual values at one when energy is expended. ing called upon to support the time or another. Meetings in Berlin

like Yet, dizzily a spinning food conthirty-ninepoint present (there eight are functionbranches top, businesses many go recommended servation program by ing in that the alone area ) show in 'round the preparation of Delasays Ann President Truman,"effects in that of there are starwar advertising get nowhere. and health beaufield, and nationally known tlingly present, but young few men after the month, Month same "this added, she "But,"authority. ty

thing happens again and conservation will pay dividends in all the branches hold at least two or again and nothing is accomadded health and vitality for the farthree functions a week. Soon the

the plished of be East Mission will but the of expenditure his family and mer and'at the same time offices dollars that to could the headbe made from wardamaged moved to 'save a life.'help

produce results. The function It is a commonly known fact that quarters secured when the mission

of a printing organization toAmericans are the best fed people in home was destroyed at Haendels day is to help clients to plan the world and so are their animals. Allee to a sizable villa in what was

printing that builds sales fashionable area of BerlinDah- out that the the pointed Delafield Miss to take copy dramatize and it, first the conservation lem. in supporting step peacetime did the Never in

it irresistibly attracso make your changing begins with program prestige. enjoy Church such it tive that naturally must

is habit,"she habits. "Eating a food I all, in All conditions betfound the reader's attention. draw

is break, to said, "that important too I ter to see them, expected than and of waste The which speak we it altered to procertainly can but be in the the Russian Mission is East often to lack of due underdiet nutritious sufficient vide a and it in find standing. aspects zone this Realization of some may

self stuffing overloador one's without sales has us made easier its activities minded. to develop than

leftovers. there are that ing table the so selling is Your problem our the with headquarters Mission West the program,"saving food "The new problem, experience our and in in the Frankfurt. American Zone "is authority continued, noted beauty in us puts position a to print Christian should any endeavor Why for health as well beauty a and program it sales story that your so will primarily at providing aims which instead patriotism. of Broiled as foods get results.

fried foods will not only save fats, but spiritual and physical aids to people is better for your blood, your figure, and as well as a message of peace and

THE DESERET NEWS yourThegeneralbasis ofhealth,"a soundshedietsaid.is plenty of happinesswhich so badlyfind needsopositionit? in a world

PRESS fresh fruit, vegetables, lean meats, or fish or eggs. "There is no prescribed

Creators of Distinctive diet that will fit everyone's needs,"Skull Deformation

PrintingBinding Miss Delafield said. "Rather, it is a (Concluded from page 552)

Phone 4-5521 prescribed program for eating which head into a V-shaped board. The re29 Richards Street emphasizes nutritious and vitaminsultant deformed head exhibited an alSalt Lake City, Utah packed foods instead of starches and most continuous line from the tip of

sweets and fats the nose to the crown of the head. This

"Here is your chance to see for yourtype of head was common among the self that food habits can be changed Maya of Central America, the Natchez and to your benefit, while you are reof the Gulf of Mexico, and the Chinook sponding to the President's request,"of the northwest coast. Among these

Miss Delafield said. "'Beauty food is and other tribes the deformation came

ESTABLISHED youduty followfood'istheonePresident'sof my maxims,suggestions,but if toandbesocialregardedcorrectness.as a mark of distinction

Two Guests—One Charge duty food is also beauty food, for you Intentional deformation by binding

not only will help save the lives of the infant's head resulted in a truncated

LOCATION: Seventh and Broodpeople who face starvation unless we or conical head with the resultant deway, the center of shops

end shows. share our food supplies with them, but formation of both the front and back

COMFORT: For in you iurnishwill also improve you health your own of the head. unique This method ings, was atmosphere servand

ice. appearance."and practice the Inca of common among

POLICY: One guests two If Peru. eat as of the following you many room. price. Sameor Noin

double rate. as possible, Delafield, foods result harmful devarious of Miss The who

MODERATE RATES Headquarters for L.D.S. people is also a trained dietician, said, your formations has not been established.

in Los Angeles body will get all it needs to function The tribes who practiced it do not

FRANK R. WISHON, Operator properly and to your best interest. Orshow evidence of a larger percentage

RAY H. BECKETT, Manager anges, grapefruit, lemons, and all citrus of imbeciles or neuropathic persons. In

fruits; lettuce, tomatoes, raw carrots, fact, the Maya and the Inca were outgreens, pepper, watercress, asparagus, standing for their intellectual achieveHOTEL

LANKERSHIM spinach;rants; leandriedmeat,prunes,fish, eggapricots,yolk; wholecurments.It is true that these deformations

LOS ANGELES or dried milk; whole wheat germ and persisted throughout the life of the inone hundred percent whole grain cedividual, but there is no evidence of the

reals; dried beans and peas. deformation's becoming hereditary.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA forBetter Farming, Better Living

farmers want International Harvester Farmalls than More any other make of allpurpose farm tractor. Farmall is

the favorite based on experience... the leader in economical, allof food production Increased size for every farm. prearound, dependable farm power. A to necessary and fiber is

vent untold suffering and Count on the Farmall System, the leader for 23 years, the starvation in a wartorn leader today, the leader in paving the way to still better farmfor job ahead The world.

ing and still better living. Talk with your International Harvester farmers is a huge American

one. Remember that corn, dealer about a Farmall on your farm.

wheat and beans are critical crops in this world food crisis INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY—make every bushel count 1. 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

V YOUR LIFE IS MORE IMPORTANT than the minutes you save! Take time to

be careful in everything you do... it will prevent farm accidents Make

every week Safety Week on the farm.

Tune in "Harvest of Stars"Sundays, NBC Network. See newspapers for time and station. INTERNATIONAL

HARVESTER S

by INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER

SEPTEMBER 1946

Mat Wifkt We Mave *JJone f "ZION MUST ARISE"eMefchyeiefc (D. & C. 82:14.)

Tn April 1830, the Church was organBehold, I say unto you were it not for the fare of humanity. As a matter then of

ized with a membership of six. Its transgression of my people, speaking consound judgment, we should not be concerning the church they not individuals, and tent with but a mediocre performanceappointed head was Jun., Joseph Smith,

might have been redeemed even But now. of duty. about twentyfive of yearsa young man behold, they learned not have obedient to be

age. The Book of Mormon records had to the things which I required at their The Lord requires that all priesthood

been recently translated and the book hands, but are full of all manner of evil, bearers "live by every word."He republished. This handful of Saints comand do not impart of their substance, as quires that all "endure to the end"if all

menced their sacred labors of establishbecometh saints, to the poor and afflicted would obtain the promised blessings in ing Zion. among them; And are not united according store for the faithful. "Peace on earth,

to the union required the of the In law by the sixteen hundred one years will then good become would to men"celestial kingdom; built cannot Zion be And since, the of membership the Church of rather possible matter a achievement

it is unless up the principles the of by law increasedhas to 979,454; thousands something than a to be remote only of celestial the I otherwise kingdom; cannot faith. livedhave in the died and More for. hoped receive her myself. unto people And my fiftytwothan missionaries thousand

have been sent into the world. The mustobedience,needsif beit mustchastenedneeds be,untilbytheythe thingslearn For Zion must increase in beauty, and in

gospel has been proclaimed among the which they suffer. (D. & C. 105:2-6.) holiness; her borders must be enlarged; her

nations. Branches of the Church have stakes must be strengthened; yea, verily I

been established in many lands. The As great as our power and influence say unto you, Zion must arise and put on

missionary activity continues at an ever in the world are, they are still infinitesiher beautiful garments. (D. & C. 82:14.)

increasing tempo. mal compared to what they are destined For even yet the kingdom is yours, and

One hundred and fiftyeight stakes to become through an increased devoshall be forever, if you fall not from your of Zion have been organized compristion to the Lord's work and to the welsteadfastness. (D. & C. 82:24.)

ing twelve hundred five wards. Places

of worship by the hundreds fairly dot some sections of our land. Temples

have been erected, and others are Leaders to C-*ncouraae ill(embers Quorum projected in distant areas. The labor

of salvation goes forward. Truly a to Store Lcommoaltled

marvelous work and a wonder has been achieved in a relatively short period. By Fenno B, Casto, of the Church Welfare Office

What has been accomplished, howAnd it is my purpose to provide for my prepare ourselves to recognize the anever, has been done with but a fraction saints, for all things are mine. But it must swer to our prayer for daily sustenance.

of our potential strength. It is reasonneeds be done in mine own way;... ( D. & What good would it do a gold miner

able therefore to suppose that if we in- C. 104:1516.) to dig and dig if he didn't recognize

crease faith the devotion of our and

T/*nowing that every word of the Lord the gold when he reached it? generally,membership achieveour

ments will be proportionately greater. will surely be fulfilled, we have in Depression Years Recalled

All principles of the gospel are printhis declaration the greatest guarantee the trying During years the early of of security that temporal can given be ciples of blessings promise—promised of thousands Saints faced with it requires of to man. us but two thirties, And for obedience to eternal law. These

blessings come to the membership as things real want for bread and other daily necessities; loss the faced with of a a whole and to members individually 1. That must be classed as the we life's savings; faced the loss with of to their according obedience. Saints of the Lord the petitioned homes* us Lord: "Give

Behold, mine house is a house of order, 2. That we are willing to accept our this day our daily bread."Many of us

saith the of God, not Lord house a and in his provisions way own felt that at time that have our may

I offering, confusion. of Will accept an prayers answered, not were proband earth, Savior, the while on emThe is saith that in the Lord, not name? made my ably those of not, prayers were many in phasized I the Father the concern of at receive that your hands which Or will

I have not appointed? And will I appoint heaven over our temporal welfare by because in years past we had been very

unto you, saith the Lord, except it be by listing as the first direct request in the much like the foolish virgins, and had law, even as I and my Father ordained perfect prayer a supplication for "our not adhered to the repeated counsel of unto you, before the world was? I am the daily bread."the General Authorities to get out of

Lord thy God; and I give unto you this comThis prayer reads: debt, to store the things we need, and mandment—that no man shall come unto the to save for days of hardship and tribuFather but by me or by my word, which is Our Father which art in heaven, Hallation.

my law, saith the Lord. (D. & C. 132:8-12.) lowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come.

will in earth, Lord Answered it is in The as heaven. Our Prayers be done Thy the beginning of this dispensaFrom

6: bread. daily us this (Matt. Give day our

tion, neglect through our partial of his However, the Lord remembered 9-11.)

duty, we as a people have denied ourpromise as stated by Amos is selves blessings the well ask, otherwise which many may "What We will the Surely Lord do nothing, but God It It claimed. could is the Lord's Lord's have is immediately apway?"we own

his secret his revealeth unto he servants the first to pleasure blessings that good these secure parent the ask should Lord we prophets. 3:7.) (Amos

to us, this through righteousness suggested: as prayer he "After when we in

are prepared to receive them. manner therefore pray ye."We should and did inspire our prophet and leader,

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. MerrillHPriestdooi

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. Bad Law Proposed

LEE, SPENCER W. KIMBALL, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCKAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS HThe Liquor Control Act, proposed

for enactment by the voters of Utah will not election the next November, a in as avoid debt avoid Let us us the we would to President give Grant, Church failure of the the ballot because be on let us in debt are where now we cerplague; this plan, In plan. welfare which

of legal requisite to secure the number tomorrow. today, then debt; if not of out tainly for get our prayers response to is a

(at. According least 25,000) strictly live within straitly our petitioners, us and Let further sustenance, daily have our we

say the promoters newspapers, little. to the incomes, save and a is Lord's the answer own "What

to see legislature household and of every will next every head the to Let they go in that are addition taught way?"Weto, it food and that has enough he hand on bill their into law. enacted try to get in prayer, are the to asking Lord we also, for fuel possible, clothing, and, where bill this provide? does Among What all in expected to our to propower do... every head Let least at ahead. a year following: the things other needs, to daily vide and our save and his to of household aim every own own

store all that we can for the future. home, free from mortgage. Let every man 1 A repeal of many of the provisions

We should also remember the adwho has a garden spot, garden it; every of the current state law, including one

monition of James: man who owns a farm, farm it. which requires a permit before any perliquor. legally son can these buy clothe with ourselves again Let us

it profit, doth though What my brethren, 2. places truthfold sterling the Increases and proved many by virtues—honesty, faith, hath a not hath he and say man

inchastity, sobriety, temperance, fulness, liquor at purchased could be which If or faith brother works? save a him? can

thrift; all covetlet discard us dustry and fraternal organizarestaurants, hotels, sister destitute food, of daily naked, be and

And one of you say unto them, Depart in ousness and greed. tions, and social clubs, being among

peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithIn the message of the First Presithem, thus taking retail sales from the

standing ye give them not those things dency to the Church, given at the April state and turning them over to private which are needful to the body; what doth it conference in 1942, they counseled: licensees.

profit? Even so faith, if it hath not works, 3. For the sale of liquor by the drink

is dead, being alone. (James 2:1417.) Times approach when we shall need all as well as by the package, the only

strength, health, the power and spiritual laws. sale present we legal of under method principles gospel with In harmony afflictions will the that bear to get come can 4. places to license the Gives power all each to of us should can do we us. upon units retail liquor local sale to of less help for are provide those who to the Saints the given counsel renew We cities, counties. towns, and fortunate. until the of Brigham from days Young now

impression widespread became frugal, The truthful, industrious, honest, signers for Calamities Foretold—bethrifty. prepare for the in referendum the campaign of plenty In the day

... that sale by the drink was to replace The Savior, in his first advent to the day of scarcity.

insale by the package. This impression earth, told his disciples in detail of the We renew our counsel and repeat our

that structions: Saint Latterday Let every in error. sales Retail by wholly was calamities that out would poured be

essential valuable, land, has produce some continue, and the be package would in latter the the earth upon days, conit; or thereon then foodstuff preserve and state, or the one not but made, by by this cluding statement: with if essential foodstuff, cannot produce an he

in dealers private licensed every more let produce other kind exand him some shortthose should except days be And sell in turn packcounty, would who it let foodstuff; essential for them an change flesh ened, there should but be saved: no

for conpersonal individuals to ages their of land own, and have who no who for elect's the shall those sake be days shortened. (Matt. 24:22.) have knowledge of farming and gardening, sumption and to a multitude of licensees try to rent some, either by themselves or—hotels, restaurants, fraternal organAnd to the Prophet Joseph Smith he with others, and produce foodstuff thereon, izations, social clubs, saloons, etc., for

again enumerated and added to the and preserve it.... resale by the drink. The state would

warnings given in the Bible, specifying As the Church has always urged since we continue as the only legal wholesaler, among other things: came to the valleys, so now we urge every its function being to supply the locally

to householder a year's supply have Church retailers. licensed private shall there sent be hailstorm a great And essential foodstuffs should, This ahead. of

retailing, package the All both by forth the earth. to destroy of the crops (D. possible, far as so each produced be by

drink, be the C. 29:16.) by priwould by made & his and him, householder and preserved and by

in of licenses holders vate were who family. course only relieve will not This Saints Warned to Prepare for business making The money. distress those housethe impending from any

After reviewing the calamities which holds who so provide themselves, but will current law puts the state in the busiwere then facing the world, President release just that much food to the general ness solely for the purpose of supplyClark, in his conference address given national stores of foodstuff from which the ing the demand, not to promote drinkin April 1937, stated: public at large must be fed. ing—a vast difference therefore beholder. license the state and the and Harvest tween individAnother Seedtime and as we as a people may What sells holdFurther, the state only to

uals to to prepare for ourselves meet Are GrvEN do this oncoming disaster, which God in his ers of permits, given only to responwisdom may not turn aside from us? In his mercy and long suffering, the sible adults—not to minors, etc. Under

First, and above and beyond everything Lord has given us another seedtime and the proposed law, permits to buy liquor else, let us live righteously, fearing God harvest, even though our sins and inare not required.

and keeping his commandments, that we iquities are great, and the world is ripe And so the proposed law would may in part claim his blessing as of right, and ready for the judgments which will greatly increase the number of places at and not as of mercy only.... (Concluded on page 590) (Continued on page 594)

SEPTEMBER 1946 587

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Boys and girls live in quite a cold, Church and his loyalty to school impersonal, selfish, and busy world. or a job?

The average adolescent—-for all his ap- 2. What attitudes of a Church workparent cocksureness—feels uncertain er are most consistent with the

and is in need of friendship and undernature and objectives of the gosstanding. He normally possesses feelpel?

ings of inferiority. He is also quite un- 3. Can discipline be achieved in

—vocation,certain aboutlove,manyfamily,personaland problemshis sense Churchwill or lovewithoutfirst existinga bond betweenof good

of values generally. the disciplinarian and the discipBoys and girls need understanding lined? (Justify your answer, and

adults in whom they may feel free to read D. & C. 121:4046.)

confide. Sometimes their parents are 4. Think back on teachers and leadtoo close to their problems and too ers in the ward you had as a boy

much involved personally to be apor girl. Which of them did you

proachable by their children. The love most? Why?

situation ideal worker Church is in an to confidence of youth. win the He References

meets him on a voluntary basis in an D. & C. sections 4, 12, 121:4046.

Reader's Digest, June 1946, pp. 121idealistic environment. is idealYouth WINDER WARD, STAKE BIG COTTONWOOD

126. boasts an unusual circumstance. They have three istic by nature responds and normally

active are brothers who members of the Aaronic

Priesthood in the deacons quorum. are, favorably to the qualifications of a good They

reading left from to right, Maurice Durand Cook, age 12; Clifton Arvin Cook, Louis Church worker. (Read D. & C. 4. age 13, and Severn Cook, ape 14. Louis is president of the Every Church worker should ask Lyoutk Jpeahc

quorum and Clifton of Clifton Louis andis secretary.Maurine StokesThey Cook.are sons himself these two questions occasionally: ( 1 ) Do I love those I serve and THE EVILS OF PROFANITY

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP workthey lovewith me?in theWithoutChurch?thatand bond(2) doof Bradshaw(Excerpts fromat a a recenttalk givenWellsby FrankStake

OUTLINE OF STUDY feeling between the shepherd and his quarterly conference. Frank is a priest

OCTOBER 1946 flock, the shepherd of boys and girls of the Browning Ward.)

in vain and, to Paul, quote he is This Note: course is study prelabors of idolatry to there "\1ext is perhaps no

pared under the direction the Presidof as sounding brass or a tinkling "become in habit practice common so oping Bishopric for presentation during cymbal."to refinement posed spirituality the monthly as and meeting the of ward youth

feeling can strengthen the How we leadership to be conducted the bishIt is by profanity. Satan's of expresway

opric in each ward. Members of the of love between us and those we serve.

ward Aaronic Priesthood committee The following are suggestions which the and of ward committee Latterfor you may illustrate and to which you Saint girls day are expected to attend will add. doubtless this meeting.

in Let us take an interest each ( 1 ) month in this we discussed J AST one under our with him care—talk column girl the need each boy and his himself, interests, his about plans

has to love and to be loved, and the without imposing ourselves on him and responsibility of every teacher and without prying into affairs which do not leader of youth in the Church to help concern us.

youth satisfy that need. The first ob- (2) Let us show confidence in our

ligation of the leader of youth is to win youth by giving them, on occasion, their love. words of praise and encouragement and BRADSHAWFRANK This is particularly true in the also responsibilities.

Church because the boy's or girl's rela- (3) Let us have fellowship with tionship to the Church is purely volthem in priesthood and M.I.A. groups.

untary. They may be under some parThey will like us when we do things sion. He dislikes God, therefore, he

ental compulsion to go but delights to Church to desecrate his name. with them which they like to do—eat,they are eventually largely and free to Jesus said, not at all... "... Swear play, serve, create.

come or to go as they please. A girl is (4) Let us try to put ourselves in But let your communication be, Yea,

forced to go to school and embarrassed yea; for nay: Nay, whatsoever is more girls—learnif she does not fairly perform than these cometh of evil."(Matthew well. A theirthe positionproblems,of theirboyshome,and school, and

is forcedboy to be regular if he would:34, 5 37. ) Multitudes followed to Jesus social that our efforts backgrounds—sohold a receive job and his for his wages hear talk. him or unclean will relate word No evil themselves to lives the entire

labor. Not so with his relationship to of the boys and girls whom we serve. ever passed his lips, only pure lanthe Church for it is based on interest, guage—so simple that all who listened

good will, and inherent satisfaction asQuestions: could understand. As in everything else

sociated with Church participation 1. What is the difference between a he set us a pattern for speech.

itself. boy's (or girl's) loyalty to his Speech is an index of character. We

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

are judged by the way we express ourselves. Mr. Baird said: WARD TEACHERS

If one would find profanity developed to The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and a fine art he must go down to the slums of strengthen them;

a big city or to the prisons. The lower he And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

goes into the dens of vice the more of it each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

he will hear. When he travels in the opAnd see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the

posite direction he will hear less and less. members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

In the best homes, in churches, in respectable schools and all places of genuine reisfinement profane heard swearing not at \A/ard Jeack for OctoLr 1946 all. is to in public pin a sign on To swear

yourself to the effect that you belong to "GOOD TEMPER"the lower strata of social culture.

"\T17hen Solomon said, "He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty;

It breaks down one's character. It and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city"(Prov. 16:32)

leads one to the extremes of evil. It he was visioning the potential strength of justice and personal discipline.

goes gentleman saying—no spirit the strengthens soul, the a city over but to subdue adds A triumph

should not.ever swears—otherswithout virtue. Civic nothing city man's to a occasion to vanquish moral a have Few men

organizations are aware of these evils but to every man is given the opportunity to conquer the wrath of his of profanity and steps have been taken spirit.

to curb this practice. Our Church Almost daily we come in contact with someone with a "cranky,"

preaches against profanity. Other touchy, irritable disposition. There are those who would excuse the fault

creeds have organized antiprofanity as a family trait or weakness. It cannot be dismissed so easily. The insocieties having the "Third Commandgredients of ill temper are made up of jealousy, envy, anger, conceit, harshment"for their slogan, and all people ness, cruelty, and unkindness. Each element is a vice within itself, capable

are asked to join with them in their of producing misery, laying waste to homes, ruining cherished relationefforts to suppress the vicious custom ships, embittering life, and generating disunity. To put hatred into the

of blaspheming the sacred name of world, is to plant the seeds of revenge, the spirit of which is retaliation

Deity. and reprisal. Such an attitude can never be expected to produce other

California passed a law in which perthan malice.

sons could be fined as much as two just emerged from one of the most devastating conflictshundred dollars or given ninety days We have in jail or both for using profane or inever waged. If the causes for this recent combat were enumerated, it would

ill temper would bedecent language in public places in the be found that all of those elements which make up presence of women and children. San listed.

Francisco has a city ordinance fining We cannot live in total isolation, therefore we should be conscious of five hundred dollars or six months'imthe influence our behavior will have upon our associates. This is one of

prisonment for using profane language life's most serious responsibilities.

in public. Each of us is a ruler over our own mind. Whatever we give our

Thus we see this evil is recognized attention to is the thing that will govern us. We select our thoughts, make

and must be stamped out. The greatest our decisions, and are responsible for our reaction to emotion. If in our

damage of profane swearing is done to thinking we give place to the ugly and sordid, it is bound to find expression, the spirit—nothing is more destructive. while on the other hand, if our thoughts are elevated to the joyful and

It has been compared to a gas which sublime, then those qualities will be reflected in our lives. "... whatsoever

exists in deep coal mines known as a man soweth, that shall he also reap."(Gal. 6:7.)

"black damp."Its danger lies in its If an inventory could be taken each day of the number of those

seeming innocence—it cannot be felt, offended, it would be shocking. Unkind words will be spoken today that

seen, or smelled—but is detected by the will produce bitterness and ill feeling that will endure for a lifetime. "A

miner's lamps slowly fading out, and if soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger."(Prov.

he does not quickly get away, his life 15:1.) When Paul analyzed the principle of love when writing to the

will also flicker out. In a similar way saints at Corinth, he set forth those elements which were indispensable in

when God's name is taken in vain, spirits operation; patience, kindness, generosity, humility, courtesy, unselfishitual life and light begin flickering out. ness, good temper, guilelessness, and sincerity. His entire analysis is

centered around good temper. It "... is not easily provoked."(I Cor.

13:5.) It is the key to the successful operation of all the other virtues.

In conclusion let us consider the words of Jesus and strive to avert the evils of ill temper with full intent for higher regard for our fellow men.

"But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his

brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say,

Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire."(Matt. 5:22.)

SEPTEMBER 1946 589

a dream that her own father came to her and told her that his father's name was Robert Armour, but that they called him "Robin"Armour, and that he lived at Antrim, Ireland.

Armed with this information, coupled with faith, she wrote a letter to the Hjtmaiogy postmaster at Antrim, Ireland, asking him to hand the letter to the oldest given their patriarchal blessings. They Armour. A search was made for this

Genealogical Activities are also looking forward to the opportown, but Sister Fisher could only find

TThe Salem Ward of Palmyra Stake tismstunity forof goingthe dead.to the temple to do bapwasa county.receivedIn fromabouta postmastera month aatletterLisreports a fully organized genealogi- * * * burn, Antrim County, Ireland, in which

cal committee. All members of the comhe said that he did not know why the

mittee attend the genealogical training Testimony letter was sent by the post office authorclass in Sunday School each Sunday During a genealogical meeting held ities to his place—however, he was

morning. They have a good attendance in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, glad to say that the letter had been

and all the class members display a March 1932, several testified that given to a man whose mother was an recorrespondence Further the spirit of Elijah helped them to Armour.

his grandfatherlively interest in it. locate vealed that their and the ancestors. Sister Elizabeth

Fisher, one of our Scotch Saints, who is grandfather of our Sister Fisher, were now over eightyfour years of age, did brothers; and both of them had died

not know who her grandfather was. All there. Quite a number of names were

she knew was that he lived at one time gathered as a result.—Recorded by G.

in northern Ireland. One night she had Gordon Whyte.

(See also page 547)

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

{Concluded from page 587) surely come to pass. Time is short, for are not needed is avoided, for both

God's judgments come quickly. It therespoilage and hoarding of scarce or unfore behooves each to think seriously necessary items tends to work against

about the counsel given by our leaders, the economic welfare of the individual

Junior Class organized in Mayof 7945,SalemwhichWard,hasPalmyratwenty Stake,active and see that nothing goes to waste, but as well as the nation. The family stormembers. that every morsel of food be harvested, age program should be a long range

that in our homes the storage rooms are program and should consist principally

Among the projects of this ward filled to capacity so that we will be able of those things they produce or make genealogical committee is one carried to provide for ourselves and our famiwith their own hands. Along this line

out in connection with the Melchizedek lies in a day of want. the Lord said

Priesthood temple project by which a representative has been maintained to Priesthood Leaders'Responsibility heart;And letagain,all thouthy shaltgarmentsnot bebeproudplain,in andthyattend the Salt Temple. Lake He rethine of the of beauty beauty the workports having ninetydone one hundred of the totheir great challenges which One

all in let things hands; be done own And witnessed andfour endowments faces presidents leaders and group eight day

shalt cleanliness before not be me. Thou thirtytwo sealingshundred of parents of the Priesthood Melchizedek quorums idle; is idle that shall eat the not for he

and five hundred sixtyfive to parents, in filling their assignments as personal bread nor wear the garments of the laborer.

and performed 19,056 baptisms in addiwelfare representatives is to see that (D. & C. 42:4042.)

tion to having assisted in other temple every member of the quorum or group ordinances. becomes actively converted to this very Quorum Projects

In order to finance this temple projtimely counsel. They should visit with To supplement the individual family's

ect for 1 946, the genealogical committee the brethren of the quorums and help ability to produce or otherwise acquire assisted by the juniors put on a dance, them lay plans as to what should be the items it desires to store, the quoand sufficient money was raised to carstored and how to store it. The quorum rum might locate production projects to

ry on this endeavor for at least a year. members should be taught to sit down be operated on a group basis. In addiCommittee members and the juniors with their wives and children as a famition to helping the quorum members in

have also participated in a hometeach- ly unit and make up a list of all their providing the things they need, such for more. or one year They visiting,ing project, assisting, enneeds and will projects the increase to do much

this strike list perishshould then fromcouraging of the many members ward activity of the quorum. unity and No able items cannot be stored and whichin their record keeping.

also strike out scarce items which greater service can be rendered by the

The junior class was organized in should not be obtained at this time. quorum leaders to their members than

May 1945, with Ruth C. Warren as These sacred family circles, meeting for them to take a personal interest in

junior leader, and Helen C. Davis, asunder the inspiration of prayer, should seeing that each member learns his duty

sistant. Class work has been carried then budget their income and their along this line, and then without proon each evening with twenty Monday in least at storage to put means one crastination the takes steps necessaryactive members. are workThey now year's of supply the items they which to things his the that provide he anding their in tenth their activity on Book have listed. will in family the the need day when theirof reading Remembrance. For

course the book Added Upon was read Great care should be exercised to see Lord pours out his judgment upon the and discussed in class. Preparations that spoilage is kept to an absolute earth in such fierceness that a seedtime

are now under way for the group to be minimum and that storage of items that and a harvest will be no more.

590, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Promise {Continued from page 567) What to take along when you take a trip to Tahoe cording to the promise of the prophet of the Lord to me.

Tn the wards yhich we visited, we went to Huntsville in Ogden Canyon. It was very cold when we

arrived; it was twenty degrees below zero in the daytime. A heavy

snow had fallen. At the home where

I stayed, I was assigned a room in a story and a half house with no stove in the room. While there was so

much bedding on the bed that it weighted me down, the cold was so intense between those quilts that it drew all the warmth out of my body until I lay shivering all night long. I

don't know how cold it was during the night.

In the morning we followed the usual procedure. We went to the

Mutual president and had him make out a list of Mutual people who needed to repent. We took the list

to the bishop of the ward who was

Bishop David McKay, father of President David O. McKay, one of

the sweetest, kindest, loveliest men

I have ever met. His wife was a real

mother to us, and it was a pleasure to be in their home. Bishop McKay

was in perfect harmony with our procedure and offered to assist us in any way possible. In fact, he was

very much pleased at our purpose and the mission we had at hand. We

handed him the usual list that had been prepared. He looked it over.

He said, "Brother Taylor, I approve that you visit all on this list except one family."And he marked

his pencil through the name of that family. And I asked, "Why should-

n't we visit him?"

He replied, "This man hasn't been in our meetinghouse for twenty years. He has apostatized. He

wouldn't receive you. He hasn't received our teachers or anyone for

years. You would not be welcome

at his home."

I asked, "Who is he then?"Take along a bathing suit to Ordinary gasoline vaporizes That's why, wherever you go,

He said, "This man was with the Tahoe, the swimming's cool too easily in hot or high Chevron Supreme gives you

Prophet Joseph Smith in Kirtland but bracing. And go on areas and often causes vafaster starts, smoother pickand helped build up that city. He Chevron Supreme Gasoline por lock. To prevent this up, more reliable power.

had a fine home. When the Saints—it "acclimates"your car Chevron Supreme is "taiAnd to make your trip even

were driven from the place, he left to the kind of country you lored"to fit each different pleasanter, take along a and followed with them and went to drive through. climate zone and altitude. Chevron Credit Card.

Independence, Missouri, where he built another home and endured the This picture of Lake Tahoe is drawn from one of Standard's FREE Scenic Views mobbings of that place. He was... yours for the asking wherever you stop for Chevron Supreme Gasoline.

driven out again, and then he went {Continued on page 592) STOP AT STANDARD STATIONS, INC. AND CHEVRON GAS STATIONS

SEPTEMBER 1946 591 A Promise (Continued from page 591) to Far West where he built another OntBobkroick home. This man witnessed the mobbings of that place especially when

scholar recognizedPAGES in the entire Oriental FROM THE BOOK OF EVE a

Stewart. (Ora Pate field, Naylor The Company, having published Development of the mob militia arrested the Prophet

San Antonio, Texas. 1946. $3.00.) China, Development of Japan, Early RelaJoseph, his brother Hyrum, and

tions the United States Between China, and |* is others told ITTLE to In charming. straightforbid and Eve them goodbye

the outstanding and work, the History of A *-* ward, simple tells life English she of to their families wives and because Christianity. Expansion of itjust as in to happened her the pioneer clear author a lays the unmistakable and The on they shot. morrow would be the ofdays west. the of episodes Some for fatal pattern occurred the what on day this course, edict laughter;cause Of frustrated others tears was to flow. compel

7, of 1941. scholarthe December from And

is the life. alwaysThat of real way didn't and happen. This stood man ship that this into goes study ponder can one

also paints She picture toil of a for man's this long for under- a thorough more book to shoulder shoulder with the Prophthe life. necessities is of a This tonic good standing position the in of Pacific. our et all duringin Joseph these troubles our day, the is love of labor when becom-

/. C.—M.ing flabby, selfishness and walks the under all and these mobbings, and when MARGIEcloak of Little honor. does not Eve know of Friendship Story a The they driven were from Far he West, is that she preaching big a economic lesson Irving Press. (Kenneth Association Brown. to went later to her Commerce, readers. renamed And, the of readers some 1946. pages. York. 255 $2.50.) New

it. not realizemay the Nauvoo, Mississippi River, on refreshing of will story love young rTrHis Then, of us when some be would engulfed built a and a home, splendid new * bring quickened to of youth awareness emotionalby upheavals disaster overwhen

the the read old story heightened and place, who and a had farm and dous, Little wastakes straight on, walks Eve hopeit. idealism to the in read young Told whofully facing the teeth. with clenched enemy until ing well the took mobbing place large part letters through Margie's Dick, to is also lesson toThat all a learned be by in this city. to helped build their up it is vivid He friendship, as with bound life. in happiness wantwho

their belief all in burning stimulate God, that city of over twenty thousand to full to However, the enjoy a few hours the to try read to to measure who book leisure,of all forget lessons teachings, and people, the largest in the state town their of applied Christianity. standard ownlean back, in with Eve's in hand, book the Illinois of at that time, and helped read Those and have loved Larry who chair, oreasy the grass maybe on under

will this that glad be doubly has been book construct the milliondollarthe tell tree; let temple maple story. her Eve you

it published, will for reveal as lovable and her; with her; cryLaugh with plan with her that hill, stood the on but through girl stalwart as as a Larry boy. a was life will better look to you, and peo-—and the the hate of is enemy, he driven a that was book, Margie welcome a book willple lovelier look to will you, and you

its deserves interto acclaim for win wide again, out joined iffeel and a he refreshed party of as a on day have you warm its est, its idealism, genuine refreshing ahad drink. the early pioneers the crossed who

/. C. is worth.—M. the Pages a from Book unique of Eve plains started and a here new home captivatingbut A. W. ARABIAN NIGHTS story.—/. in the valleys of the mountains."(Collected edited and Lang. by Andrew

WOMAN AS FORCE IN HISTORY Illustrated by Vera Bock. Longmans,

(Mary R. Beard. Macmillan Company, Green & Co., New York. 1946. "KIThen Bishop McKay told me the

303 pages. $2.00.) 1946. York. pages. 369 $3.50.)New story of had been this man who beautifully edition '"Phis prepared this author of'"Phe has book long been of true to the Prophet Smith Joseph will delight * Arabian Nights old and for her * known exceptional very hisalike. and illustrations certainly young privations the gone had through Thetorical work, along with her husband,

stories the enhance integral and seem anCharles Beard. A. that This of and mobbings study incident to were woman's

part of them.position throughout the years has the been the establishment of "Mormonism"this In edition foreword a new Mary bysubject of painstaking research the part on

I earth, indicates the all Gould on forgot Davis of old the about some why anyof Beard. Mrs. Mrs. Beard blames the acstories omitted been have and some why ofceptance the that idea that he his or rejecwrong a had women were done

ones added. states: been new have Shesubject factors: sex to the two rebellion of tion teachers, of the heart and my "... is there great in deal a Scheherazade feltAmerican that there women who were

that will girls. I soul to appeal In meeting and to out modern him. went made up restraintstoo their liberty, many on and

truly a desperate situation inshe showed ISir if William Blackstone, visited author of mind other no person my Comtelligence, poise, courage, wit."ready and amentaries the on in England, Laws of which in I that that visit that ward would stories the themselves, told And although he consideredwork legally subject women

primarily entertain, to old also indication give man. as runday were One we theirto folk. men

correct principles living. of Certainly, it is statement that interesting One to ning through the snow, down runwillingly child should renoof without grow up iscall one Dr. Philip by made M. Kitay: ning to keep log warm, a saw we introduction an". to the Nights, and Arabian the presentday attitudes toward womthis particularly edition stories, the of house located beof cottonin a groveen largely. have. been made men. Since by

the cause of of the beauty as format well accept prevailingmany opinions facts, as trees. passing the wood were As we as the tales. selection of /. C. M. fall a rule as intowomen the opinions same place, to I said the taking young manas men, therefore and see themselves LIGHT THE FROM PAST ANCIENT us around, this into go "Do wethrough male eyes."Finegan. (Jack Princeton University The

is book well worth The both place?"Press, reading—for Princeton, 1946. Jersey. New and themen scholarliness women—for pages. 500 $5.00.) said, is place, the Broth- "That He itsof as for well as interest the work in the

states: preface this of purpose "The HpHEsubject. er C. that Taylor, M. the bishop J. thought book is to give a connected account of

visit."should not we the archeological the of background Heperhaps UNITEDTHE STATES MOVES

I difficulreligion."brewChristian the "I feel said, "Well,"And impressedACROSS PACIFIC THE

ties that is of obtaining well background Scott (Kenneth Latourette. that visit Harper and them."we should

set in forth the introduction. author's But,Brothers, 1946. York. New I ". at the door, knocked and,.. when states, the applithe author through174 pages. $2.00.)

scientific cation of highly techniques it and in foot opened, I put was so myTpROBABLY vitally looms so no question beefforts in the cooperative of scholars by they couldn't the shut*- door us on as that of position our lands, the shattered the of mosaic many fore Americans in the Far East. And probably no other past is slowly being fitted together again."and turn us out. They invited us in.

author than Dr. Latourette has the exhad Saints, this Latterday For will book Sitting a around cookstove to keep

thatperience would his writing warrant of it indiprove since tremendous value old gentleman, an were posInsuch a book. addition to being cates further an auproof the of authenticity of warm

thority on the Far East, Dr. Latourette is the Biblical account of the world. M. C. J. sibly past eighty years of age, and

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A Promise his wife, both of them feeble and old, big, about husky two, men and Textbook for Youth. faces thirty were A New of age years whose

bloated with the evidence of drink.

I was rather perplexed as to how I and for their but the conversation, should open finally felt acparents impressed to ask an count of his life. FAMILY ETERNAL, by Roy A.

vitally important to told bishop had what the me West—a He L.D.S. those already families—tobook his experience related told me. He established to and those of toin Kirtland, in Independence, in Far morrow. Practical, interesting...

the outgrowth years'exfinal of his and in Nauvoo, West, perience with with the youth—andof many intold the plains. trek over He homes from which they come. Here

stances in connection with the life of are typical chapter headings:

the Prophet Joseph and the mobMy Personal Preparation bings and things that were among Choosing Friends the most intensely interesting to SeekingHarmonizinga CompanionTwo Personalities which I had ever listened. At the The Spiritual Foundation of

time I would have given nearly anyMarriage thing to have had a stenographer ThoseCompositionWho Marryof the Mormon present to have taken down his Familv dramatic story because it was dra-

: matic to me and filled my whole beFill out and mail this coupon

ing with delight. After he had finished telling the story I turned to "All the fleeting pleasures and all the disBOOKCRAFT18 Richards St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Please life the of appointments send books are submerged -when checked below: love withhim and affection. can the behold we spiritual of worth huFamily Eternal $2.25 souls living man harmoniously in the famBy A. Roy West "explained we When to them the ily circle."of Exodus Israel Modern $1.00

B. N. A. anxious desire the by of Hoy Lord and Lundwall West how,No, am. That's Ma.ComPiled History. Not r-,D $0.50 in all that the people the Dr. bishop and By Nibley Hugh OTHER BOOKCRAFT OFFERINGS: Minute Sermons $1.00 to and them welcome Wereward Compiled Albert L. by Zobefl, jr."THE MAN AND Restoration of DRAGON All Things $1.75 treated, to treat as they used be them Dr. By Joseph A. John by Fielding treasSmith golden Widtsoe—a to The Perfection Way ury of gospel if $1.50 themes to told applied that the they be would themwe By Joseph Fielding Smith needs and of problems today. inAn Signs the Times prayerful humble, $1.25 would and God spiring stimulating and $2.00. volume. ofBy Joseph Fielding Smith

if forgive the bless they them them and Man and Dragon $2.00 DISCOURSES Dr. OF By John A. Widtsoe big repent. only two Thosewould Evidences and Reconciliations $1.85 WILFORD WOODRUFF Dr. By A. John Widtsoe their with heads and put compiledboys Dr. down by G. Homer Durham Youth the and Church $1.75 teachings of the fourth president of By Harold B.'Lee their cheeks tears running down the L.D.S. "and The Church. Spoken valuable Word"book $1.50 A

L.. for Richard little Evans your like children, thanking ownsobbed

Always... and $1.50 library... a choice gift D This DayBy friend. 52.50. a their for for L. By Richard our coming into the Lord Evans

home and promising us that with the SONG EVERLASTING The GospelBy Dr.ThroughMilton R.theHunterAges $1.30

Brigham Young, Paul the by Colonizer novel, $3.00 rich Mormon Bailey—a the turn Lord, of theyhelp would Dr. By Milton R. Hunter in built romance, the principle upon The Gospel Kingdom $2.25 that leaf in right marriage continues the aover this and beyond new do By John Taylor life.... will to book love you read A of Discourses Wilford Woodrufffuture. $2.50 and long $2.50. remember. Dr. Compiled by G. Homer Durham

Is Theirs the finished After Kingdom had Weber we $2.00 Q

IS THEIRS By Wendell J. THE Ashton KINGDOM Salt to Lake CounCounty, went Prince The of we Ur $2.00 by Wendell J. biograAshton—choice

Y. By Susa D. Widtsoe of phies eight characters played who It late inty. the getting then was of Story The Gates—LeahJesus $1.25 well parts in the of building

Eliza By R. Snow the Utah visit andtheir inspiring, West. couldn't very beauAnseason, and we The Quest $2.00 tifully written book. $2.00

F. By O. Uursenbach excellent but wards, hadmany we

Miracles Modern $1.50

results. That mission which was By Jeremiah Stokes

$2.00 EXODUS ISRAEL D Johnny OF MODERN differentperformed by people who Compiled Harriet by J. Stradling compilation B. Lundwall A by N. Smith: Joseph ProphetStatesman $2.50 called as a chiefly I was, performed takenwere diary from the of OrDr. By G. Homer Durham

Mansions this His Many of the jourson Pratt, account $2.25 in a resultedwonderful and work S. Rulon By Howells to the rich mountains Everlasting with Song $2.50 of good.great amount The group accurate, from scientific—is neydetails'—Paul Bailey By

that was with me, and they were fine, the pen of a great writer, a keen For This My Glory $2.50

Bailey By Paul fascinating A brief but of exobserver.faithful, devoted men, Saint men Gay $2.50

story conquest. The of adventure and Paul Bailey By faith,perience, did Trojan men of of the Temples $1.00 Most High $2.00

work to accomplish the mission that DiscoursesByof N.OrsonB. LundwallPratt $3.00

we were called to perform. A SkepticCompiledDiscoversby N. B.MormonismLundwall $2.00

I don't want to be boastful beBy T. W. Riggs

The Vision $1.25

felt credit B.cause I never By N. any Lundwall beBOOKCRAFT of Priceless Value.$2.00

to enlistedlonged me, but and B. N. we Lundwall 1186 South Main Assorted GemsBy

caused, among those people who Salt Lake City NamePayment enclosed Send C.O.D. were not doing right, three thousand Telephone 7-7911 Address

men and boys to repent in that work.

SEPTEMBER 1946 '; 593

ROMANCE OF THE BOOK OF MORMON {Concluded from page 549) been made by omitting superfluous

The title page of this 1840 edition words or tautological expressions.

carries the phrase "carefully revised by Although not as valued as the first the translator."This was thoroughly and second editions, copies of this third

edition, like copies of other rare edichecked, years ago, when President tions of the Book of Mormon, are

George A. Smith was Church historian. prized far beyond the original purchase

It was then found that only about thirty price. Such books are interesting to

corrections had been made in the 1840 have, to hold, and to compare with edition over the original edition. For the editions that we know and use toinstance: "my"was changed to "they"day. But if you want to study the text

on page 67 of the Palmyra edition; of the Book of Mormon and its in-

"hath"to "had"on page 83; "went"to spired contents, buy the latest edition.

"sent"on page 380; "prisoners"to The inexpensive missionary edition,

"provisions"on 387; "sign"to "signal"costing much less than a dollar, places

on 453; and "Angelah"to "Angola"on helps and indexes at your fingertips

521. In seven instances omissions of which no previous edition ever had to

words or parts of sentences were supaid you in grasping the eternal message plied, and in fifteen, corrections had of the Book of Mormon.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN

{Continued from page 587) I have lived to see a disgrace a thousandwhich liquor could be legally bought, fold deeper.

would legalize sale by the drink as well In one of America's greatest hotels I reas by the package, and would give recently saw a cocktail lounge—I beg your

pardon, Cocktail a "Ladies'Lounge"—the tailing into the hands of private prolargest drinking place I have motors whose sole purpose would be ever seen in my more than fourscore years. The manto make money, some of whom would agers told me their average daily customers,

likely do as many promoters have altotaled three thousand. America's death is

ways done—try to find ways of cirin that spot.

cumventing and violating the law. In Some six hundred years before Christ

the state of Utah it is illegal to sell there lived a hero by the name of Jeremiah.

liquor to minors. Under the current He said: "There are among my people

law the state will not issue permits to wicked men: they set traps, they catch

living today Jeremiah would he Were under men."liquor buy to minors—those exclaim, the of picture a perfect "What years twentyone of age. The proposed

law repeals the section requiring perliquor brood and all their cohorts!"

mits. Does anyone believe the private When, alas, this government threw wide

the to of traps the open of our camps boys that sure always vendor would make all hell liquor the oligarchy, the devils in all twentyone, purchasers over were all their glasses, clicked the brewers and andPABCO that otherwise responand they were distillers well held carnival. high They

the are proposed law licenses Under their well. of tomorrow. placed cards They

cities, towns,MIRACLE FINISH tosible persons? knew they had set their traps for America and counbe issued by their traps, baited they set and They and

Everything a wall paint should be—ties. Would there not be a tendency caught the choice young American manbecause it's a quality oilbase product. for friends of drinking to unite in efforts hood.—Dr. Elmer Ellsworth Helms in The

Newest, Truest Tones that harmoto get friends of liquor as commissionVoice.

nize with each other—and with any ers, sheriffs, prosecutors, judges, etc.? Kathleen Norris wrote:

roomscheme! What does history teach relative to

excessive generations drinking For interests this by matter? are Liquor wideRemove Washable! Readily of helpless has the curse been men womansinister to influence ly exert a reputed

or fear of ruining smudges without creator childhood, has and hood the been politics. in local

"spotting"your Pabco Miracle Finish! The record shows drinking is on the of want and slums, cruelty and crime.

LongLasting! The oilbase quality increase among women. What would For generations the struggles of women

assures real durability. be the effect on this tendency in Utah to curb this curse have represented the one

Easy To Paint With! -Goes right if sales by the drink were made in resventdesperateprayereffortof theirof theirhearts.lives, the one ferclubs, taurants, etc.? cocktail lounges, drying. Selfleveling—quick on!

it is rething, It is a sorrowful a bitter to loosening averse All Utahns up on Your of flection the character code upon and will stoutly laws the oppose listed nearestm the ClassifiedPabco DealerSection is this that curse today, American is / liquor women of your Phone Book, fHF changes above indicated. being extended to include them; that thouour means by no women—and

the women by no means THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES INC. Cocktail Lounges sandspoorestof women,our

it T? FRANCISCO Behold, it is not coming; SAN has come—the

also. of Black Makers, Hydroseal WetPotch, Pabco I lived through America. a genwhoradation—arehave sunk voluntarilyto the lowestplacingstage ofthemdeg- Paint, Cocktail Roofing; Shield Alumi'Pabco and Pabcoweb, Linoleums, Pabco Mastipave HeavyDuly Flooring. eration of the saloon. Then, no woman selves in the group of the drunkards.—Chicould enter a saloon, embrace the brass cago Herald American, September 28, 1943.

rail, and ever live down the disgrace. But {Concluded on page 596)

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STRENGTH

GjpIHE GENERAL INSURANCE CO. is one of the nation's strongest

dj capital stock insurance companies. This strength is the result of the

GENERAL'S "preferred risk"plan of fire insurance protection. Losses

are fewer because only "good risks"are accepted—the bad are rejected.

of Owners that can for—property qualify as a "preferred the protection of subproperty risk"—dothat is wellkept,not helpwellpaycaredfor

standard properties. And any loss which may be incurred is paid promptly.

This preferred protection has meant a substantial saving for thousands of

GENERAL policyholders during the past twentyfive years.

Check your own fire insurance. If you are not receiving the security

plus service plus savings of this strong capital stock fire insurance company, call the GENERAL Agent in your community.

INSURANCE COMPANY OF

"THE CAPITAL STOCK COMPANY OF PREFERRED RISKS"

Churches usually qualify as "preferred risk"properties, because they are among the best caredfor structures.

Horn* Qififti Seotti; Washington Ag*nf$ Everywhere m H. K, DENT, President

SEPTEMBER 1946 595

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column (Concluded from page 594) Cigarets and Alcoholic Beverages

In Utah during the fiscal years 1945, 1946, the figures of sales here given are "It Costs official

Paid for 1945 1946 6,856,215 Cigarets 4,978,196 $ $ a lt less to Own 12,096,603 11,197,806 Beer

Liquor 10,862,677 12,822,668 a JOHN DEERE"Total $27,038,679 $31,755,486

Thus the overall increase for the year 1946 was 17.4%. The overall increase

during the five fiscal years 1941 to 1946 was from $11,372,056 to $31,755,486, or 2.8 times.

President David 0. McKay says:

/OD has made America great; man

must make and keep the nation great.... I must mention an insidious evil

that is destroying, termitelike the foundation of character as well as that of the home and nation. I refer to the

appalling increase in the use of tobacco, particularly among the young. Of its

usefulness, expensiveness, injuriousness to health, I will say nothing. I shall reYou'll never know how much easier fer only to its undermining effect on

your on a tractor pocketbook be can its'uncharacter slovenliness. to and

til a you Deere. its John own Along with outstanding fuel address of "Nobility Character (From repair economy, overhaul and expense is over the years far Essential delivered in to a Great Nation,"below of that other tractors. the actual Compare figures Salt 4, April Tabernacle, Sunday, Lake quoted below letters from owner with costs your and those 1943.) of neighbors. your to Talk Deere John in owners your community. Then see your John Deere dealer and let him tell

you why these simple, rugged twocylinder tractors are outstanding in economy as well as in every other feature you Yesterday and Today want in your next tractor.

(Concluded from page 569) 22, August 1945 8, 1945 June licity the possible. not are Just now I purchased Deere John Model my I purchased in Model "D"my the Tractor "A"February, articles 1935. I of fall very such be use of would have 1924 it have and every used seafarmed average of acres an 200 per since. son this life, During long I have valuable. year. This year, it however, covered has in the neighborhood of $150 for acres. 258 During those years the entire A. spentrepairs.—Charles Kohns, Capac, the cost of emerto resolved are meet upkeep not exceed $300, inMichigan. We

cluding * a * * paint Shafer, willjob.—Curtis W. all into of bringing play gency our by Bridgeport, Indiana.

19, 1945 November ourselves resourcefulness. we When John Deere Orchard is My Tractor

11 old, years I less have all possibilities, and spent the exhausted than have 6, 1945 December for repairs $60 in all that time and this, I bought in there. a Model "B"help the Lord's is always December, tractor as Of it runs well as first did the 1939. Just the for had shop the year.—J. C. Unoke, CaliforModesto, fully loyal active are and first members time theit overhaulingin and expense nia.

$25.22, was which had on convinced. this tractor of I haveoperation.—13, 1945 August Joe Yostmayer, in 6Rushyearsis allHill, Missouri. The priesthood is united and deDo we like John Deere Tractors? Indo! deed, we three s", We own Model"'A'its rests loyalty voted, the to on and one old, years eight one years 30, August 1945 It old, closer contact awaits with Church. one andeleven this we purchased spring.

April, In I 1937, purchased Repairs a Model are hardly worth mentioning. continent. the other always: It prays "B"Tractor. John Deere total re- I My don't believe spent over we $50 all on pair this on tractor during this three tractors, their total and years of children, Preserve the encourage our time to billamounted service $2.00.—Paul F. to adds about up twenty years. Hinze, Shiner, Texas.—2). afCortland, D. the orphans, the cheer Denman, Ohio. and widows

flicted and those w,ho mourn, plant in the hearts of thy children the banner of hope and love, and give to them victory over disease and death. May the

tender glow of peace, oh, God, come over us and lend us the radiant sun of a new and better world. JOHN DEERE

for ( Translated''Improvement The presi- "former Tadje, MOLINE - ILLINOIS Era by Fred dent of the GermanAustrian and the SwissGerman missions.)

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ruler of the Crags (Concluded from page 565) leaped for the crevice in the wall. Created by a

He hung there for a split second, seemed actually to bounce to the op- -posite side of the fissure. Up that noted artist

yardwide vertical crack he clambered in apparent defiance of the especially for you!

laws of gravity. With short forelegs spread and his clinging, rubberlike hind hoofs striking wildly for

foothold, he scaled a slightly overhanging shelf ten feet above the bench. Below, the wolf was leaping

high, scrambling in a desperate effort to drag him down.

The kid bleated for its mother who had vanished. He looked above,

but the fissure was shallower there and absolutely smooth. He could

climb no higher, and below the gray wolf trotted back and forth, back and forth, waiting for him.

From the ledge trail somewhere overhead came the anxious voice of the mother. The kid answered, then

waited. The wolf was searching the

entire length of the wall along the bench for a possible means of ascent to the precarious refuge, but he found nothing he could scale.

The kid reared on its hind legs, its

Lovely, livable "gotogether"colors SEE WHAT NEWlittle front hoofs testing vainly for a foothold higher up, for a way, howmake repainting easy, safe, satisfying "gotogether"COLORS ever dangerous, that would lead him Elizabeth Banning didn't rest on her long expert DO FOR YOU—

up to his unseen mother. Again and ence as a color specialist when she planned new

again but the he called, answering colors for "gotogether"Fuller. a counShe made 1. Tie in adjoining rooms distant,voice distraught. was interior colors, He trywide study—of deharmoniously.

alone, him the wolf and belowwas sign decorating trends. and Only ofthen!—shetextile

was waiting. created these newest colors. 2. Let you colormatch

When the evening feeding time They'll awaken your creative spark, too. Each walls and woodwork in a

came and the westering sun cast long color is so sunnybright, yet so exquisitely delichoice of three finishes - shadows across the slide courses, cate, that you can make any colorfagged room soft flat, semigloss or full none of the band came down. They lift its head with pride in new loveliness. gloss.

knew that an enemy lurked below.

Inexpensive? Yes, "gotogether"colors redo an lower. signal sun wentThe The 3. Give a wide choice of average the room for cost of a new purse! Demandstar for in night to low come hung

the west. The lean upper air seemed is heavy! Some days a dealer may not have all colorful backgrounds that

haunted by an uneasy foreboding. colors; but we ship frequently. Ask your Fuller will go with your present

The kid's thin, despairing call was dealer. W. P. Fuller 6? Co. furnishings.

answered only by the marmot's whistle. All outlines were overcast For big painting jobs

as night deepened the drab tapestry it is wise to call in of the dusk. Only the stealthy padaContractor.reputable Painting

ding of the wolf's feet reached the ears of goat. mountain the young

again fingers(}nce the slow of the NEW dawn reached over the southeast ranges, shredded out the thick curtain night, of tinting the the faintsnowfields color. with the COLORS On

cliff top the goats were stirring.

Hungry, deprived of food the evening before, they stood near the (Concluded on page 598) THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU

SEPTEMBER T946 597 RULER OF THE CRAGS (Concluded from page 597) tent on closing with him. He

commencement of the down trail, crouched and began to circle.

swung to face him, always it adIIKES IT! BlackspikeBelow onatthetheirslidehead.courses was But always that awkward body

* Tastes good"food;ferent belowfrom anyalsoBlackspikewas an enemyhad everdifvancedagainst hisstepwillbyto step,the farforcingend of himthe

known. There was an implied chalbench. A rumbling, barbaric growl good for you. lenge in its presence on the mouncame from his throat. His confidence

taintop where for so long he had deserted him, and he realized that he been supreme. One of the kids was battling for his life.

moved impatiently. A moment later, Cnorting at every abrupt jump forin a stolid, matterof-fact way, ward, Blackspike was blocking

Blackspike commenced the descent. him from reaching the downtrail.

A lifetime of confidence in his On the wolf's right and behind him ability to outclimb any enemy fortithe sheer side of the cliff loomed.

fied him. Every morning for several He feinted, dodged, and with head

summers he had been among the first sweeping low snapped at a foreleg.

-:.:..-,:,.,. to take this tortuous path to the One rapier spike raked his shoulder,

feeding grounds. The band followed and he flung himself clear. Like a

in a straggling line. Lower and lowflash Blackspike was on him again,

er they went, and not until he had driving hard, leaving him no room

Look for the Bright Blue Package rounded a turn twenty feet above the for crafty maneuvering. And at that

bench did Blackspike become aware instant the kid, seeing a chance to of the wolf standing at the junction escape, left its shelf in a scrambling

Its level rock.

the along %$mmBfllSH...v - * '*'v -'-J* of Thethe benchwolf'sandfangsthebaredtrail. in a silent littlerush hoofsand gainedwent poundingthe

threat. Blackspike's head went uptrail toward its mother.

"ifrfXfflfl down, and his hoofs smote the rock With a last throaty exhalation of 'V *.*;?&fflpVvM angrily.his shoulderTherose,raggedandtuftshe tookof haira fewon rage,at Blackspike'sthe wolf flungthroat.himselfThe straighttwo jet

threatening steps down. The wolf horns came forward and up, and, as

r *'. stood its ground, but still the old the combatants staggered toward

king of the range advanced, his eyes the dropoff of the ledge, horns and glowering beneath his lowered fangs locked them together.

iSS 'Wgpp horns. The lurching of that powerful

'..,., J.

ASK FOR A Instead of retreating down the body all but threw Blackspike from path to the cliff base, the wolf backed his feet. With every ounce of

Hational BIBLE onto the ledge, determined to stand strength in his tough neck he tried

It's the Original between this intruder and the kid it to shake free. He stumbled, came to

had trapped in the crevice. Above, his knees, the wolf's body half across

KING JAMES VERSION several of the band stood on the narhis neck. Then with a final Her- (Authorized)

row shelf at the turn, half minded to culean effort he reared up and shook

SINCE 186 3..". AT YOUR BOOKSTORE pivot on bunched hoofs and go back clear and, hoofs on the crumbling

the way they had come. But Blackedge, saw the enemy go jolting down

spike had no intention of going back. the steep pitch to the heather sixty

He snorted, pitched his head warnfeet below. For a full moment the

ingly and came straight for the enewolf lay there, then, coming to its my in a series of short, stifflegged feet, limped down the slope toward jumps. the shadowy forest far below.

A thin, excited bleat came from Stolid, ungainly, the ruler of the the kid at sight of one of its kind. crags watched the gray form thread

The wolf leaped sideways and its way over the uneven ground to back. Often, far below in the river timberline. Blackspike had kept his

valley, he had dragged down deer kingdom inviolate.

much larger than this ungainly aniFrom a rivulet far down the slide mal. A flashing rush at an undecourses a water ousel greeted the

fended flank would give him the return of day with riotous delight.

victory. He backed off, swerved, The full dawn lay on the snow fields

waiting his chance. Then suddenly in slowly deepening pools of color.

he seemed to realize that BlackFrom his lookout the marmot whisCHEMURGICHEAD OffICECORPORATION spike'sthe goatattackdid notwasmerelydeliberate,want to passthat bandtled cheerilyto feedas unmolestedBlackspike onled thehis

RICHMOND CALIFORNIA down the path, but instead was inmountainside.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times shortlythings whichcome toare,pass.things..."which(D. &mustC. theyalso teachmight thathavemenjoy";cannotbut thebe prophetssaved in

{Concluded from page 554) 88:79.) Knowing is prerequisite to ignorance of the times in which they

fice, but rather an elaborate set of politshaping a better world. "Men are that live.

ical and ethical doctrines, based on the

Roman Catholic faith, which historically have been applied in whatever system of government Catholics have inhabited. Yet, Professor Oakeshott believes that Catholicism is a vital ingredient in the shape of things to come.4 FOR COLORFUL

'T'he roots of state intervention in the modern economic order go back to the midnineteenth century. What hascaused it? (1) Technology and indusHOMES

trialization, (2) economic depression, (3) war. "TPechnology brought urbanization, then collectivization through giantcorporations and giant labor organizaBENNETT'S tions. The twenty or thirty giant corporations that dominate American business are much easier to control by big PAINTS

government than half a million individual small businesses. Depressions andunrest brought the demands for govern- ** WALLPAKfcS

ment control. War not only caps theclimax, but after postwar depressions, FOR CLEAN, SHINING HOMES

people say (as Americans said after 1929), "The government did it in wartime, why not in peacetime?"Right

now, most people expect government to solve the housing, food, and clothing FOR EVERY HOUSEHOLD USE problems of America.

4 BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO., SALT LAKE CITY

Tn democracies, people have to learn BRANCHES AND DEALERS IN UTAH AND IDAHO nor to ask for what is not good for them, for, to the democratic politician, "The customer is always right."Therefore we must be careful not to ask for

things we do not want. We must find

out what is good and what is bad and ask only for that which is good.

'T'hen we shall have to learn how to organize and control society in 7U)w!

terms of the centralizing implications of technology. How many private busVeterans... college students... high school graduates:

inessmen can invest two billion dollars Enter the L. D. S. Business College at any time, for beginning

in an Oak Ridge plant? How avoid or advanced work. A few months of intensive, thorough trainmore and more concentration of authoring here will help you qualify for office work, either in private

ity as the atomic age proceeds? How industry or in civil service.

organize and control the authorities necessary to that age? Day and evening classes continue the year 'round.

HPoo, we shall have to learn how to eliminate depressions without mak- L. D. 5. BUSINESS COLLEGE

ing economic life static—full employ- (60th Anniversary—1886 to 1946)

ment opportunities but not "fixed"em70 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah ployment. Finally, war as organized

social conflict, and the highroad to a "

MAIL THIS COUPONtotalitarian world, must be eliminated. L. D. S. Business College

Here are some good opportunities for Please70 NorthtellMain,me aboutSalt LakeyourCityday 1, Utahor evening classes; tuition rates Q; employment service; living arrangements for outof-town students D. a gospel genius—to solve these human

problems. Remarks: Q High School Graduate

4 Name College Student or Graduate

These times afford a wonderful oc- D Veteran

Address Mature, nonHigh School for of future greatness casion men Graduate.. things been, of ". to learn which have

SEPTEMBER 1946 599

A CHALLENGE TO YOUTH

(Concluded from page 561 sand work. state The paid a hundred

it wished could have been thirty and poignant or how thousand claimants unemployhis grief. was ment insurance this here week. In the

period, marked by urgent pleas agrifrom The Eyes of same As I heard the testimonies of the culturists, eleven signed men up for orangereturned veterans picking here this morning jobs while several thousand other the Nation who testified that because of their jobs are open.

clean living they believed they had I hope our Latterday Saint boys will be focused on Utah come back safe. I wondered what will never be in the ranks of during the coming year,

Utah's Centennial. We can the parents of those boys who didn't those who are drawing the socalled

all help Utah by resolving come back have thought. Have "armchair compensation."Be true

now to be courteous, they wondered if their boys fell beto the name you bear. This pioneer

friendly and helpful to outcause, somehow, they had not land was never reclaimed by men ofstate visitors. Let's make proved true? The words of the who sought to draw that kind of

friendly the station Utah of scriptures bring must consolation to compensation. Latterday Saints

of the nation! pledge We those thus who question. Said a have who back, come may plead we our support in such a progreat prophetwarrior: with to forbid you such any practice! gram.

Do ye suppose that, because so many of. May I mention one thing more.

your brethren have it killed been is because in This year states some there will of their wickedness? I say unto you, if ye Hotel Temple at come a test the voting polls to see have this supposed ye have supposed in

Square vain; for I say unto you, there are many whether or not we shall have open

sale of liquor in fallen have who saloon fashion. You by the sword; and behold

Clarence L. West, Mgr. it is to your have condemnation; seen the effects deadly of these

the For suffereth Lord the righteous to things be in the service. as Now, you t1!. slain that his justice and judgment may come back come and have a chance to vote the upon wicked; therefore need ye not convictions, your may again we that suppose the righteous are lost because

an theythe restare slain;of thebutLordbehold,theirtheyGod.do enter{Bookintoof youngplead women,with youand youngyour companions,men, you

Mormon, Alma 60:12,13.) to forbid a step towards the estaWhat a great promise and what blishment of sales by drink in sa-

a great consolation to those whose loons which will place curses upon sons have gone to their eternal rest! your children that you have hoped

It has been suggested that we mightful valleysbe forbiddenwhere yourfrom homesthe peaceare. should bow our heads for just a brief May we call upon you to become moment, in obedience to our feelsuch a program! AS MAN EATS boysings, andwho giveare silentnot withreverenceus hereto theto- a militant organization in forbidding

thought as we welcome you home [Then followed AND night. Finally, may I bring to you this a moment DRINKS in of here this now, great meeting. The silence.] believe that, We in large meassaid: Lord has ure, as eats a man drinks, and that I Behold, you are back is stand so at he. the door, For home, you food, and knock: nature has Jsjow

if given fruits us of any the hear voice, man sun Latterday and and my Saint the open boys, to the go soil. These are priceless I door, treaswill in to come him, will and sup of homes the parents whose sons are ures, conducive to health of with him, and he with me. that him To being missed body so greatly. mind. and Besides these, Give com- I overcometh will grant to sit with in me need we no stimulants. fort to those in stand who need of throne, I as even my also overcame, and am You agree, will who interbe comfort, and set mourn with with down those in Father his my throne. who ested in delicious a drink that (Rev. 3:20,21.) mourn. There are is those from made have who grain fruit. and

delightful, And this strayed wholesome away on forbidden paths, Latterday Saints, returned war beverage contains no caffeine, and they did not meet with you very veterans, other stimulants, may you learn or narcotics. to wait

FICGO is known to millions of often in your groups out there. They patiently on the Lord, to get the

are not people here tonight. think who sanely You, better about comfort that comes from such comfood It drink. and is of made than else, anyone can out go and munion. that you see May figure roasted of barley and treeripened reclaim those boys. place California figs. It May we the is Master standing a to at boon your door

that noncoffee drinkers as a upon you admitwho charge? and knocking, and if you will open rightly, tedly, and enjoy a that Remember you are apt to bethe door by living the wholesome gospel hot of drink with their a come prey to some are meals. teachwho Wholesome Jesus Christ, will FICGO can he in to come you be freely false recommended as philosophies a ing which consit and down in with you the soluhealthful drink for the whole tradict the basic principles of hontion of family. problems that are too great

esty and high civic morality. Our for human strength or wisdom.

H. LEONARD BALLIF, anxieties President are increased when bless we God as you we welcome you California Ficgo Company read things such as appeared in this home bid and into the you company Los Angeles, California morning's paper. is This datelined of the faithful are here who in these

Los Angeles: valleys, I pray humbly, in the name

Ten out of one hundred and thirty thouof the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.600

JLr—Father Lehi's Children g7jgj-s

(Continued from page 559) best citizens of that land. They are

intelligent, many of them are well Wi educated, and most of them reflect in some degree their noble heritage. published by

rTto this land of the Lamanites, the land which has furnished so ctEVENS&WALUS many external evidences of the authenticity of the Book of Mormon, went recently President George Albert Smith on a truly Lamanite mission.

Since the first mission to the

Lamanites called by direct revelation in important probably 1 830, no more to the Indiansmission has been unCAN WE BELIEVE dertaken by any member of the THE WITNESSES OF THE of nature of theChurch. Because OF the BOOK MORMON itmission could best performed be John Read what Dr.

importance the aboutby the President of the Church. of A. Widtsoe says these eleven men inof thethe "Improvetestimony

It was the first time in the history ment Era"for June 1946..(Page 385,

of the Church that a President Page"Evidences381, "OnandTheReconciliations";Bookrack.") and

had visited the Saints in the form,Publishedthis beautifulnow for thevolume,first time"THEin WITbook m

OF MORMON,"THE NESSES BOOK Mission, OF to provedMexican and it eviof documentary contains a wealth information of rejoicing which historical a time thebe dence and among Mm \0& of Mormon to every Book is invaluablepeople, many of them Lamanites and student. Printed in large easyto-read

many others of the house of Israel type. Price, $2.25

through other genealogical lines. Postpaid

The purpose of the visit of Presiif* dent Smith was to welcome back into

Church activity some hundreds of mmmembers who had been out of harHEBER C. KIMBALL OFmony for the past ten years. When LIFE

F. Whitney By Orsonthat important step was taken by Large Gift Edition

this group of Father Lehi's children, 250 pages it must have caused great joy in the 23-*S Price,Postpaid$3.00

spirit world among those who had labored and given their lives for the Hi'i THREE MORMONsalvation of the people who sprang

CLASSSCS BSKflfrom the little group who left Jerusalem by command of God and estaThrillingWilford WoodruffStories of blished a great civilization in a new GeorgeJacob Q.HamblinCannon 'ImM

land.

Father Lehi, next to the Master Price,Postpaid$2.50

himself, could well be envisioned as leading the rejoicing among his HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH descendants, the Book of Mormon tiyz LUCYBy MACKHis MotherSMITH prophets, down to Moroni, last of the Nephites, who mourned the fate Price,Postpaid$2.50

of his own people and that of the FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON -,

STEVENS WALLIS, INC. & theirLamanites, of because disobeSt., 3G Richards Salt City 1, Utah Lake Fine These Please the send below: books checkeddience. also are Books

of the Three Witnesses The Mormon Classall at Sale For large to of this group The return ics of...$2.50 $2.25 Book Mormon

the fold occurred in Mexico City. leadingdealers.book Lifeball of Heber C. KimS3.00 D LifeBy Hisof JosephMotherSmith 52.50

For several years Elder Arwell L. Payment enclosed. Send C.O.D.

Pierce, now president of the MexicopyOrderTODAYyour Name can Mission, and himself a native of Address

Mexico, had labored with great zeal to bring about this result. Knowing

the Mexican people, through lifecontacts,long and understanding Stevens c<WALUs,36 RICHARDS STREETinc PUBLISHERS OFand respecting them and knowing their origin and destiny, he was esFINE BOOKS SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

( Concluded on page 602 SEPTEMBER 1946 601

Father Lehi's Children { Concluded from page 601 qualified pecially to counsel and in guide these brethren Lamanite.they must be travelin with

this most important action.

Bringing with them an outstanding choir to furnish special musical numbers for the various conference sessions and accompanied by their leaders, the returning Saints participated in the exercises in humility and sincerity. PEP 88 The dramatic highlight of the impressive occasion came when one of GASOLINE the leaders of the reconciled group,

declared: "There is only one President of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints, and he is here president today: only one There is

Mission, FILLER UP AT THE of he is the Mexican and here today."PEP 88VICO SIGN Reports indicate that no group of

Saints anywhere has received the

President of the Church more cordially, more respectfully, or more reverently than these descendants of

Father Lehi received President

George Albert Smith. And certainly no Church official who ever visited

Mexico ever greeted them with more friendliness, more deference, or with more interest in their welfare.

To Father Lehi's children we are indebted for the preservation of the early records taken from Jerusalem, for the earliest written history of this continent, and for the fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ as contained in the Book of Mormon. For these

contributions to our knowledge and the contributions yet to come, the whole world eternally will be under

GASOLINE obligation to these descendants of to are play destined Joseph, whoUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY life in in stellar roles the drama of the Western Hemisphere.

Father Lehi's children are numerous. Their destiny is made clear by

prophecy both ancient and modern.

They are God's children. At the

proper time, those who prepare themselves will play important roles in the nations in which they live.

Much as they have contributed to

Your cleaning the world in the past, their contributions of the future will undoubtedly be much greater. Much as reprePAR-tner! sentativeshonored in ofthetheirpast,racegreaterhavehonorsbeen

lie in the future.*

A people of prophecy and of desThe Quality Soap for tiny are Father Lehi's children.

Is the Monument, to be dedicated Place"

CelebraUtah's Centennial part of as a PARticular Housewives July*"This24, 1947, tion includes an heroic size bronze statue of Washakie, chief of the Shoshone Indians. Other recognitions of

Lamanites are under consideration.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA W

o o o o olm-f o o a, o e Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab on *#*** cut opwork easier, make farmers o how crop quality. improve costs, o erating

o Safeway reports his findings because we o Safeway people know that exchanging o o goodthird ideasof ourhelpscustomerseverybody.are Morefarm thanfolks.a

o mtmmmmp—

Machines equipped by the Heidrick brothers on their farm near Woodland, California, incorporate ideas that make for extra efficiency. Ideas at work in their rice

fields (indicated by numerals on machine,y( and below) include...

1. Flag operated from driver's seat signals bankout reduced fuel costs. One engine powers threshing rig when combine is ready to unload bin mechanism—the other propels combine

2. Curved rod can lift telephone wires as much as 3 5. Extra large 12inch pipe with builtin screw confeet as combine moves into and out of fields veyor speeds unloading of grain into bankout rig

3. Window in bulk bin permits combine operator to 6. Screen windows in front of bankout rig aid driver

check fullness of bin by glance over shoulder, without at rear to avoid obstacles when driving to combine stopping machine before tank has filled 4. Two 60 h.p. Diesel engines—mounted ahead of 7. Tracks equip bankout rig to operate over any and behind bulk tank—give plentiful power with kind of ground, in any weather

Getting up fn worfd Pays in Pest Control

This new boom sprayer for fighting scale and brown rot in California citrus orchards has a 22foot main tower, maximum capacity of 140 gallons per minute. Developed by K. W. Loucks, of Yorba Linda, the sprayer is

handregulated to various tree heights by an operator stationed at the boom. Cutoff valves control nozzles on the upper part of the boom. 22

"guns"spaced at 16 inches in two series set at different angles, are operated simultaneously by a small motor. For supplemental coverage in closeup work, an independent 12foot stationary upright with 10 nozzles is

provided. Pressure is maintained at 500 pounds. The sprayer gives intensive tree coverage while moving at about 1 to l1/ miles an hour.

Modern Safeway idea is H onthe-ground buying

Safeway divisions which buy farm produce for Safeway stores maintain offices all through the areas where the In grown. is produce Company. Produce olie*Zn? "Easwest as listed are divisions Machine Homemade telephone in buying specializes division buying Safeway Each men Safeway So produce. farm of kinds specific certain Terraces Builds—congrowing loca with touch in close keep to able are probgrower local know they and eadicrop, on ditions allowcommissions, accept Erosion not Sfopg do buyers Soif Safeway lems or price going the pay fees. They ances brokerage or machinery renting road or Instead of buying quotes. producer than lower price offef a never better, E. land, Hancock his terrace farm Texas to J.

"inbetween"cut to direct, terracing sells maoriginal built the direct, of Lubbock buys Safeway a producers offering here. regularly, A. Texas action in see The chine you buys Safeway costT Safeway farmers is interfrom Service Extension purchasing College and M. when market! steady

indirectly it. or contour tractor directly around in Pulled ested by brokerage no accepts

offers a of never stream field, this throws a machine of better, or prices going pays Safeway consists of terraces. to dirt Mechanism build quotes producer than lower price potato of a portions elevator the and scoop surpluses move help to ready stands Safeway belt. cross conveyor with a digger hooked up direct, possible by made prices, lower at sells engine auto an units are powered by Safeway These O to afford can.. consumers so distribution elethe \ of side to one and above mounted lessSy

vator. Dirt is scooped up, loaded aboard the increase their consumption

the neighborhood grocery stores machine, then fed off to side by conveyor. gAFEWAY—

SEPTEMBER 1946 603 Kill Noxious Weeds at the Roots! Evidences and

Reconciliations [THIS PULLING NOXIOUS I HAVE NO NOXIOUS WEEDS (Continued from page 577)

WEED TOPS IS DRUDGERY NOW, THANKS TO A MACK ANT/- springing up everywhere. It had the

AND NEVER SEEMS TO GET| WEED GUN AND A FEW GALIONS possibilities of a metropolis. A city

reMEANYWHERE.IVEBEEN OF CARBON BISULPHIDE USED of Zion was platted, and duly6

DOING IT FOR. YEAR.S. YEARS AGO.THE COST WAS MODcorded with the city officials. Lands

ERATE AND THEJhOB WAS EASV. were bought by the people within

, I KILLED the projected city, to be laid out as '.THE WEEDS city lots, just as is done today in

AT THE growing localities. Farm lands were

vicinity of the in the ROOTS. also secured

Vi ->* r. If commercial Industrial and "city."

L 3Sr enterprises were begun, such as a.>- tannery, sawmill, printing establishment, and mercantile organizations.

&1 In short, the Church planned to es- \ tablish here an important center of its spiritual and material activities, % and Church members cooperated in the regular ways of business. ifcm The older settlers saw themselves

Try it, nor sometime, but NOW! surrounded by the abhorred "MorCARBON BISULPHIDE mons."prosperityTheywasfearedjeopardizedthat theirby ownthe

through a Mack AntiWeed Gun larger, active plans of the Church.

of there, "Mormon"-haters The noxious that are taking weeds: & willyour glory, kills morning knapdiligently there were many, whom weed, others. circular killfarm—onewhitetopthose deeprootedand 212P Send for applicationmany

and learn more about this tried and well proven material. fostered this nonsensical fear.

When the Saints began to buy WHALER, RyNOLDSj& STAUFFER, 636 Carifomia St:/ San Frrfcisto land, the fear vanished speedily. If

the price were right, and it was

Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches usually greatly inflated, the landowners were quite willing to sell,

even to "Mormons."Often, the

buyer paid some money down, with the owner holding the mortgage.

There was always then the possibility that the "Mormons"could not continue their payments, and the property would revert to the owners through foreclosures. That was one

way to make money.

TEA GARDEN PRESERVES taste like home At that time, as every student of made because they're made like homemade. American history knows, there was

Same fine table fruitorchard-ripe and fresh in the Kirtland region and elsewhere... same pu re sugar... same slow, gen tie cook a severe inflation. Settlements were

ing,so the fruit is true in color, rich in flavor. planned everywhere. Land prices

MENU HIT! landrose tofarrepay.beyondWildthespeculationability of wasthe

T fling serve a your menu give 3 two evident. Money was spent freely.

Preserves of Tea Garden it kinds three,.. put them in a sectional glass dish The national bank was defunct by

to show off their appetizing colors! congressional action. Paper money

issued by local banks flooded the country.

The Latterday Saints were excitement. in this whirling.. caught of Undoubtedly, many membersIPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS WE OfFER

COMPLETEAids in treatment of Canker, simple A SERVICE. the Church bought lands at excesENGRAVING

sore throat and other minor mouth From Missionary Portraits to the Largest sive prices. Industrial enterprises

and throat irritations. Catalogues. were financed in part by borrowing.

CO. prices, feeling secure that equally ENGRAVING UTAHHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah 113 Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Merchants bought goods at inflation Salt Lake City, Utah Regent St.

6Kennedy, op cit., pp. 155, 156

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Evidences and Reconciliations A Qirl must know how high she stands increased retail prices would yield them a profit.

'$ affection, At the height of this economic In that young man drunkenness came the financial panic of 1837. The speculative

bubbles burst. Just as in other such Who thinks of her then chooses Glade*s.

panics, communities that could not pay their debts were ruined. Banks

by the hundreds failed throughout The brand of such perfection!

the country. Speculation, not dishonesty, was at the bottom of the

calamity, though frequently, dishonest persons took advantage of the situation. 7

During this period, before the panic, members of the Church with full Church good will, undertook to form a bank, in which the common good should be paramount. Because

of this idealism, and probably also because of anti-"Mormon"feeling, the application for a state charter was refused.

Then the Saints undertook, in 1836, to form the Kirtland Safety

Society AntiBanking Company.

This was to be an industrial stock company. The management was to

be in the hands of the respective occupations: agriculture, mechanical

arts, and merchandising. The articles of incorporation included some

farseeing principles which would have been very beneficial to the stockholders had the society continued. Paper currency, or due bills,

was issued by the society as was the custom in that day.

When the financial panic broke, this company collapsed before it had really begun to operate fully. The

collapse was hurried by dishonest employees. Each stockholder was

obligated, under the terms of the CHOCOLATES agreement, to redeem the currency issued to the extent of his holdings in the concern. But many of these persons had secured their stock by

pledging lands at the prevailing inflated values. When the worth of For the MISSIONARY...

the lands fell to a fraction of the

S. Howformer values, the society had to HIS MANY MANSIONS, by Rulon

bear the loss. Other stockholders ells, is a brief survey of 13 leading Chrisbeliefs, history, tian and churches—their in debacle lost the alsohad money

.. organization. Authoritative. concise

of could no redemptionand make helpful Especially to... understandable.

refor theythe currency which were the missionary, teacher, or student of consponsible. Yet a brave attempt was temporary religions.

made, and most of the debts of the company was paid. (See page 593 for handy coupon.)

(Continued on page 606) $2.25 1186 South Main

(Including unique Salt Lake City, Utah Beard, R. Basic 7Chas. A. comparative Hisory and Mary A chart.) B00KCRAFT 234,the States, T. Adams, United Theof pp. 235; J.

Epic of America, pp. 211213.

SEPTEMBER 1946 605 Evidences and Reconciliations (Continued [rom page 605) All reputable writers on the subject, even many unfriendly to Joseph

Smith, agree that in forming the

Kirtland AntiBanking Safety Society there was no dishonest motive, rather a high altruistic one. It was

one of hundreds of similar failures during a nationwide panic. Joseph

Smith himself resigned his office in the bank and disposed of his interest in it.

As far as possible the currency of the Society had been redeemed, but some was still among the people. It

seems also that some of the redeemed currency had been stolen from the vaults and was being offered for sale by the thieves. The

honesty of the Prophet was evidenced by the fact that after the failure, he inserted a signed notice

Royal Baking Company in The Messenger and Advocate,

Salt Lake & Ogden warning people against investing in the currency of the society for possible redemption.

CAUTION To the brethren and friends of the church of Latter Day Saints, I am disposed to say a word relative to the bills of the Kirtland

Safety Society Bank. I hereby warn them

to beware of 'speculators, renegades and gamblers, who are duping the unsuspecting

GO BY andbills thewhichunwaryare byof palmingno worthuponhere.themI thosediscountenance and disapprove of any and all

such practices. I know them to be detriGREYHOUND mental to the best interest of society, as well

religion.—Joseph MORE asSmithto Jun.the principles of

DAILY Later he inserted a more emphatic

SCHEDULES notice for three successive weeks, in

The Nauvoo Neighbor?

MORE SEATS In the wild orgy of inflation, peoAVAILABLE ple in the Kirtland section who held mortgages on lands, tried to collect

MORE TRAVEL on the excessive prices, rather than

For nearly a quarter of a century TIME SAVED to receive their lands or to accept the

KOLOB has grown with the West.

Today this progressive company is normal prices. This led to legal and

foremost general insurance among in the main personal troubles, aimed GREATER.. in this territory agencies at blamed who were the "Mormons"resented than 300 agents by more. repCOMFORT

known... offeringrisk. Forpoliciescompletefor everyand FOR BUS forthe whatevermoon, or thehappened,sun. on earth, in

competant service, insurance see RIDERS Pathetically the Prophet writes in your comthe KOLOB AGENT in munity. Consult your local agent for full his journal about the Kirtland Safety

information about convenient Society that schedules and low fares to any... no institution of the kind, established

point in America. upon just and righteous principles for a

OVERLAND wholeblessingnation,not onlywouldto bethe sufferedChurch, tobutcontinueto the its operation in such an age of darkness,

CORPORATION GREYHOUNDl/ATS speculation,One act andof thewickedness.society,9 maliciousFRANK SALISBURY. Manager

330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451 Operated by sMessenger and Advocate, August 1837, p. 560;

INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES Nauvoo Neighbor, June 12, 19, and 26, 1844.

History of the Church, Vol. II. p. 497

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Evidences and Reconciliations ly played up against the Prophet, shows the venom of anti"Mormon"writers, and reflects the boundless depths to which hate may go. In the Salt Lake

expectation that the state would approve the request for a bank charter,

Oliver Cowdery had secured the Tribune necessary printed currency in Philadelphia. When the charter was reBrings You

fused, and the new society formed, rather than go to the expense of printing new bills with the delay that would be occasioned, the old bills were used, but there was printed on them additional words Fashions that clearly designated the name of the society. As honest people, they

did not foresee the evil use that would be made of their action. In

billsfact, this of the use shows the - * Sunday, Salt 8, the Septemberessential the people. of honesty

"a. full presents Lake Tribune not to could hope hoodwinkThey

intelligent people by such a trans24-page rotogravure showing parent device. Detractors of "Morof new fall fashions! Grace

monism"make themselves ridiculous Grether, Tribune women's by this charge. 'July editor,... personallyvisited NewinterviewedYork in

the examined, Decently Ohio events culminating in 1 837 no the world's leading designers...low this fall's clothes show

being sketched, advance models being made.dishonesty on the part of Joseph

Smith or most of his people. "MorThe high fashions she viewed are brought you in The Tribune

mons"and non-"Mormons"were of September 8. Stores and shops, in addition, add their

caught in a deluge which they could own exclusive pictorial record of this gala fall.

not control. The persecution of the

"Mormons"in that Ohio period Here is a section every woman will want to read... the

throws shame upon the people who gay, glorious outpouring of the new season.

were parties to it.

However, enemies to the Church To receive this section plus a full month's subscription assisted by apostates from the to the Daily and Sunday Salt Lake Tribune,

Church, fomented a persecution so clip and mail the coupon.

furious that Joseph Smith to save his life, not to escape his debts, was forced to leave the state.

Wherever the Prophet operated, Circulation Department

Salt Lake City 1, Utahit—thathe preachedis the honestyconclusionandofpracticedany perSalt Lake Tribune

son who will examine, with an unPlease send me The Salt Lake Tribune for one month,

Fall issue the 8. I enclose Fashions including of Septemberprejudiced eye, his writings, and

(If live states, outside the Intermountain $1.50. yourecord. please

send $1.75).

It is beyond belief that a dishonest person would write in his journal, as Name

Joseph Smith did: "... it is the deAddress

light of my soul to be honest. O, City State

Lord, that Thou knowest right (This offer it restricted to the continental United States. Orders must

well."10 beFall receivedFashion Section.)in our office by September 8, 1946, to receive the

Read: History of the Church, Vol. II.

Comprehensive History of the Church,

W. A. Linn, The Story of the Mormons, C?5>P

Book II, chapter 5, pp. 142152 (1902 ed.). IJS

J. H. Kennedy, Early Days of Mormonism, pp. 153173 (1888 ed.)

Ibid., Vol. II, p. 281 / A* W.S.

SEPTEMBER 1946 607 avid Ours gdouTTto What He Wanted Student: "Did you give me my grades in round numbers?"

Professor: "Yes, I gave you zero."

Late

"Have you anything to offer the court before sentence is passed upon you?"

"No, your honor; my lawyer took the last dollar I had."

Early Bird

"In my day I was a bird of a stenographer."

"I know the kind. Sort of an Underwood pecker."

Choice "How many pieces of candy do I get for a penny?"

"THE M.I.A. MARCHES ON""Oh, two or three."

M.I.A. "Key of Happiness"Float in Fourth of July parade at "I'll take three."

Bountiful, Utah, depicted the forward marching of the Mutual Improvelined of the everywhere. shady side Thousands ment Association the Yes and No

with milelong streets dotted parade, which to view the many was of floats, representing various organizations Davis South of wards couldn't loan five dollars, could you?"Stake. "You me Daisy Roberts G. Photograph by did you know?""No, but how

Typed Essential Labor "How would you classify a telephone operator?"said the

"She's got the leading part in a theater."census taker. "Is it a business or a profession?"

"Star?""Neither. It's a calling."

"No, head usher."

No Trouble at All Point of View

difficulty meeting any "Are you having expenses?""Did"No, youI simmeredsummerininthethecity."country?"

turn."not. I meet them at every "Absolutely

Too Much So Could Be Contagious "So your brother's an efficiency expert at the fire departAbsent-minded professor: "Mary, I believe I have lost the ment?"

road.""Not any more."

His wife: "Are you sure that you had it when you left the "What happened?"

house?""He put nonbreakable glass in the alarm boxes."

Nothing Hidden Progress "What do you know about your neighbors?"

"Everything. I go home with them every night on the "One more payment and the furniture is ours."

interurban bus.""Good—then we can throw it out and get some new stuff."

SUNSET MEETING OF SALT LAKE AND RIVERSIDE STAKES

An annual sunset meeting of the Salt Lake and Riverside stakes was held on the Utah State Capitol steps Sunday evening July 7. The meeting was

sponsored by the Mutual Improvement Associations commemorating Independence Day. Dr. Royal L. Garff delivered the address and President Lincoln

F. Hanks the invocation. Songs were sung by the congregation, and four seleztions by the Millennial Chorus were rendered under the direction of

Bertram T. Willis. Members of Boy Scout Troop 81 presented the flag raising and lowering ceremony. Benediction by Joseph W. Dunlop.

Photograph by Roy N. Holton

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR YOUR DINNER TABLE NEXT WINTER

COMPANY

IDuea TION

'""".nee *'!",e'-uco h

"* iff'*

$PS

: t

**r- T

fc,: '$$**'*&

5) hfiSk MSMM JAUf George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RETU RN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE, aiTY 1, UTAH