llmprouementlEra.. 7me new 6rr(5 %kme&-so fully automatic, they do almost everything but plan your meals! &

Last year, 2,390,000 American families bought new gas ranges—Automatic clock control

more than all other types combined. This year, the demand is 2 Automatic heat control

even greater, shattering all records. 3 Automatic lighting

4 Smokeless broiling In the intermountain territory, the trend is to gas! 5 Instant high heat, instant shutoff

6 Better baking Let this overwhelming preference be your guide. Choose the 7 Thrifty simmer burners

range that gives you a combination of advantages available in 8 Cool kitchen no other. There are 9 reasons why millions eye and buy the 9 Unrivaled economy!

modern, "CP"automatic gas range.

assures you of Cooking PerfecThe West Prefers tion based on 17 minimum standards of quality and performance.

Illustrated above is the Tappan, one of many makes and models built to "CP"standards. Choose the one that suits

you best.

Better Quicker Cheaper

See Your Gas Appliance Dealer or

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Delirious

JR. S. HARRIS, By DR. FRANKLIN

of atoms go to Combination which numberHPhe build a man's body is a number written with a ten followed by twentysix more zeros, according to the late

Sir Arthur Eddington. And to make

an average star it would take a ten followed by twentyseven zeros batches of atoms, each batch enough to make a man.

Permanent magnets, called electrets, can be made by taking a dielectric material, such as a wax, and allowing it to solidify in a strong constant electric field. Plastic toys of this magnetic

material are now being made.

'T'he name Buenos Aires, perhaps best

A known as the capital city of

Argentina, is also the name of many other cities. There are Buenos Aires

in Portugal, Peru, Venezuela, Costa

Rica, and three in Colombia. The original full name of the Argentine city

was Ciudad de la Trinidad, Puerto de

Santa Maria de Buenos Aires (City of the Trinity, Port of St. Mary of Good

Airs).

A new artificial eardrum has been developed for people hard of hearing due to loss of eardrums. "Korogel,"

a soft plastic material, is a hollow capsule open at the larger back end which is inserted in the ear in such a way that it touches the "stirrup"of the middle ear to transmit sound to the inner ear.

About 105 boys are born for every one hundred girls. Among stillbirths the proportion of males is often Reach for the

125 for every one hundred females. bright red package

at your Grocer's!... the saladHPhe largest encyclopedia is the will All the family

Chinese Ku Chin T'u Shu Chi by you... the enjoy this rich,

Ch'eng in 1 1,095 volumes, with a table >&$ -i flaky, goldenbrown of contents of sixty volumes. It was CRACKER

produced between 1403 to 1408 A.D.,

and since it was too large to print, it was written out by hand, with a total of 2, 1 69 persons working on it. Of the

370 volumes now known to exist, fortyone are in the Library of Congress.

TUTany interesting variations in the body's physiology have been noticed at different seasons of the year.

Gachsen found that in January or February the amount of hemoglobin in the blood is least, as is also the number of red blood corpuscles but the corpuscles are at their largest. Linhard found

that at the same time of year people breathe most frequently and least deeply. U R I T Y B ISC U i T C O. - SALT 1 A K E PHOENIX

NOVEMBER 1948 3HT 673 V jovember 1948 "THEWlmproutmenfEraVOICE Of THE CHURCH"

mjhwiwI 9 "?- *'* *"VOLUME 51

lifii fPH NUMBER 11 Ml

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL iMPROVtMth I AbbOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover What the Lord Has Done George Albert Smith 682 *he beautiful Washington, D.C,

chapel, topped by the Angel MoChurch Features roniGod'ssummoningword of truth,the worldis a tobelovedheed

Pictures of the General Authorities 680, 681 landmark in the capital city of the photounusual States. This Clark, Not a Listening Ear J. Reuben a Prophet—but glorious the captures graph which Plea David O. for Better Environment A taken by sky was McKayJr. 684686 WashingtonUnited

See Conference Index 675 Horydczak and prepared for cover Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXVIU—What Is the 'Inspired use by Charles Jacobsen.

Translation"of the Bible? John A, Widtsoe 725

The Church Moves On 676 Melchizedek Priesthood 730

Word Portraits, Goff Dowding 678 Presiding Bishopric's Page 732

L.D.S. Airborne Division in Japan, This Month with Church PublicaMadeline Himes 713 tions 775

Special Features

For This, We Give Thanksr—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 701

. 712 On to the Far East—From the Diary of Levi Savage, Jr.—Part II—

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 721

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Homing: The Early Thanksgivings,

S. Harris, Jr 673 Walter K. Putney 726

Cook's Corner, Josephine B. These Times—American GovernNichols 726

ment, G. Homer Durham 722 Handy Hints 728

On the Bookrack 723 Index to Advertisers 771, 775

Your Page and Ours 776

Humanity Calls Marba C. Josephson 724

Fable of a Good Man Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 724

Plan for Peace Marba C. Josephson 724

Editors Stories, Poetry JohnGeorgeA. AlbertWidtsoeSmith

Editor Managing Fort on the Firing R. Lyman 688 The Line—Part II Albert

Richard L. Evans Sowiette, Extraordinary Friend 718 J. N. Washburn

Poetry Page 679 Likeness, Georgia Moore Eberling..765 AssistantDoyle L.ManagingGreen Editor Startled Pheasant, Dorothy J. Roberts 716 Thanks to the Pioneers, Bertha S. Associate Editor

Growing Pains, Josephine Hamlin..753 Stevenson 768 Marba C. Josephson

General Manager Executive and Editorial Offices: Elbert R. Curtis

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Bertha S. Reeder

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Business Manager of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a John D. Giles

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Editorial Associates

single copy. Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Advertising Director

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Verl F. Scott

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

OCTOBER CONFERENCE INDEX Next trip,

Speakers Love.706

MissionariesBenson, Ezra Taft.697. 682, 694, 699, 703, 705, 709, 715 see the whole

Bowen, Albert E..695 Missionary work 707

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr..684 Morality, principles of 706 Pacific Coast

Cowley, Matthew 699 Parents'responsibilities 702, 708

Evans, Richard L. 708 Peace 693

Hunter, Milton R..710 Polynesians.699

Isaacson, Thorpe B. -717 Prayer 691

Ivins, Antoine R..707 Priesthood 697

Kirkham, Oscar A. 709 Priesthood responsibilities—697, 715

Lee, Harold B. 696 Prophecy 703

McConkie, Bruce R.,711 Repentance 694, 711, 717

McKay, David O..686 Responsibility of rearing children 708

McKay, Thomas E.. -704 Sabbath Day 693, 694, 705, 717

Merrill, Joseph F. 694 Sacrament meeting 705

Moyle, Henry D. -700 Schools 686 Southern Pacific is the only railroad

with lines up and down the PacificPetersen, Mark E.... -698 Serving God 714

Coast. Let us show you how you can

Richards, George F. 690 Smith, Joseph 690, 706

see this scenic wonderland on your

Richards, LeGrand 714 South American missions 692 next trip to Los Angeles, San FranRichards, Stephen L 692 Spiritual and temporal blessings 714 cisco or Portland.

Romney, Marion G. 703 Spiritual values 708 Here's a sample S.P. ticket: To

Smith, Eldred G. 702 Stability 695 San Francisco on one of our OverSmith, George Albert 682, 683 Statistics 697, 704 land Route trains—across Great Salt

Smith, Joseph Fielding 691 Teaching 682, 691, 694, 702 Lake, through Reno, over the High

Widtsoe, John A 693 Temple Square 682, 708 Sierra. Then go to Los Angeles on

Wirthlin, Joseph L. 715 Temptation 690 one of our famous streamlined Daythe Coast Line, throughYoung, Clifford E.; 705 Testimony 690, 694 lights—via

Santa Barbara and 100 miles along

Young, Levi Edgar 706 Tithing 699, 714 the Pacific Ocean's edge, with short

Understanding 1 709 Subjects Welfare Program 700 sidethe Santrip toJoaquinMontereyValleyPeninsula;Line withor

Aaronic Priesthood -715 Word of Wisdom 693 side trips to Yosemite and the Big

Adam and Eve.696 Work 704 Trees. From Los Angeles you can reBaptism.711 Youth 688, 702, 707 turn via San Francisco again, or by

Brotherly love -709 Note: Three of the General Authorities direct line. (Via San Francisco costs

slightly more than direct.)Celestial marriage -691, 702 sessions:did not speakElder Spencerat the generalW. Kimballconferenceof the only

Christ, nature of 711 Council of the Twelve was in attendance, S.P. trains to San Francisco offer

but on the advice of his personal physician,

Church periodicals 682, 698 did not speak; Elder Alma Sonne, Assistcomfortable low fare reclining chair

cars and coaches, and luxuriousConstancy 695 antpresidingto theoverCouncilthe Europeanof the Twelve,Missions;whoandis

Cooperation 697 President S. Dilworth Young of the First standard Pullmans.

of the Seventy, Council is presiding who over the States England Mission. For rail and Pullman tickets andDelinquency 688, 700 New

Addresses four were given misformer by travel information, call at or writeEternal progression 706 sion presidents: of the Roy Doxey W.

Faith 697, 699, 714 Easternof the NewStatesZealandMission,Mission,A. ReedOctaveHalversenW. our Salt Lake City ticket office.

Family 691, 696, 700, 702 Ursenbach of the Canadian Mission, and

Elbert R. Curtis of the Western States

Family prayer 682, 700 Mission. Their talks will appear later in

the conference bulletin. Presidents GeorgeForgiveness 71 Albert Smith, }. Reuben Clark, Jr., David S*P The friendlyFreedom 695 RichardsO. McKay,spokeand atPresidingthe priesthoodBishop sessionLeGrandof

God, nature of 710 the genearl conference. Southern Pacific

All uncredited conference photographs

Gratitude 697 used by courtesy Deseref News, Salt Lake O. V. Gibson, General Agent

Healings 699 PublicityTribuneTelegram,and Missionand LiteratureThe ChurchCommitRadio 14 So. MainTelephoneStreet, Salt32601Lake City, 1

Home 696 tee.

NOVEMBER 1948 675 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

President Young

President Levi Edgar Young of theVERSATILE MINUTE MAN First Council of the Seventy departed immediately after the conference sessions for New York City where he represented the Utah Association for the United Nations during

United Nations'week, beginning October 17. Hfc &&

fitted for President is well Young %<V this a lifelong task, being student of international affairs, and a professor of history for many years at the University of Utah. He received this apTEACHER ENTERTAINER pointment from the Rt. Reverend

Arthur W. Moulton, bishop of the

Episcopal Diocese of Utah, who is regional vice chairman of the Ameri-, 4it5fc tions.can Association for the United Na-

# Church Welfare of the Church S>4> ""Phe Salt Lake region welfare plan has been divided to form three regions, as follows:

The Liberty, Wells, Granite, Temple

View, Pioneer, Tooele, and Grantsville stakes will form one region. The SEVENIN-ONE HELPER Salt Lake City welfare square, which

has been built and jointly operated it is a by the Salt Lake Region and the

Church welfare program, remains in the area comprising this region. These

approximately fortyone thousand. BELL & HOWELL stakes have a Church membership of

The North Davis, Davis, South Davis, Ensign, Riverside, Salt Lake, and FILMOSOUND MOTION PICTURE Emigration stakes will form a second

PROJECTOR welfareship of aboutregion,fiftywiththousand.a Church memberPark, Sugar House, Highland,

FOR ENTERTAINMENT AND EDUCATION Bonneville, Hillside, Wasatch, South

Summit, and Summit stakes will be the comedies, cartoons, sports, musicals, novelthird Church welfare region resulting this administrative change.FOR SHORT OR LONG ties, entertainment features, educational, from

PROGRAMS The stakes in the southern portion travel, religious of the Salt Lake Valley were organinto ized the Jordan Valley regionFOR CHILDREN several ago. years For picture shows, for teaching,

YOUTH for dancing. There are now twenty welfare

ADULTS regions operating in the Church, and several stakes whose geographic loTHE ANSWER—BELL & HOWELL FILMOSOUND with RECORD PLAYER cationoperatemaketheir itwelfareadvisableprogramfor themoutsideto

and MICROPHONE. They give you easy command of difficult, eduof a region.

cational and entertainment problems in PRIMARY, M. I. A., SUNDAY

SCHOOL, and PRIESTHOOD activities. Indian Mission

HPhe gospel is being carried to the

Send for information about how to get this equipment for your ward or branch. Indians of the Fort Hall reservation north of Pocatello, Idaho. RecentSee our FILM RENTAL CATALOG recently sent to every bishop. ly, under the direction of the Church

Indian committee, which was working with the stakes of the central Idaho area, missionary endeavor was stimulated with a fully organized local mission consisting of a mission president,DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10. Utah threeof missionaries.branch presidents,Churchand threeauxiliarysets

meetings for the Indians are also held.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOVEMBER 1948 677 OH.MOM, WORD PORTRAITS

FROM THIRD NEPHI EVERYBODy 9 RAVEDABOUT Wl tk dketcked buv (-/off <JJovuai

MyTUNA SUPREME!

1. There were a great many people 2. He spake unto Nephi and comgathered together marveling at the manded him that he should come forth

great change that had taken place, and said, "I give unto you power when they heard a voice, but they that ye shall baptize this people when understood it not. It was neither I am again ascended into heaven."

harsh nor loud, and notwithstanding The Lord called others. Now the numof ber pierce had been called it did small voice and its being a them who I I KNEW THEY WOULD

it given to baptize authority and power soul. to the heard very They them

IF YOU USED THE again and understood it not. The was twelve. Jesus said unto the multithird time they did look towards tude, "Blessed are ye if ye shall give NEW heaven from whence the sound came heed unto the words of these twelve,"

&RA7ED SryiE! andunto understoodthem, "Beholdthe myvoiceBelovedwhich Son,said andin me"blessedand bearebaptized,ye if ye aftershall thatbelieveye

in whom I am well pleased, in whom have seen me and know that I am. And

I have glorified my name—hear ye again, more blessed are they who shall

him."And behold they saw a man believe in your words that testify

descending out of heaven. He came ye have seen me and know that I

down and stood in the midst of them, am."(Chapter 11, v. 21; Chapter 12.)

stretched forth his hand, and said "Behold, I am Jesus Christ whom the prophets testified shall come into the world."(Chapter 11, v. 1 to 10.)

VAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC.,

Terminal Island, California

There's no substitute for tuna, when you use

3. Behold ye have heard, the things 4. This much did the Father com-

I them. should tell unto THl.. which have of which are not my Father.I taughtI ambeforethe I lawascendedand theto mand"Othermesheepthat I

light, Look unto me and endure to this fold; them also I must bring, and

the end, and ye shall live; for unto they shall hear my voice; and there

him that endureth to the end will I shall be one fold, and one shepherd.

give eternal life. Then Jesus spoke I say unto you, that ye are they of

unto the Twelve whom he had chosen: whom I spoke. Further, I say, that I

"Ye are my disciples; and ye are a have other sheep which are not of

light unto this people; and this is the this land, neither of the land of Jeruland of your inheritance; and the salem who have not as yet heard my

Father hath given it unto you. And voice and shall be numbered among

not at any time hath he commanded my sheep, that there may be one that I tell it unto your brethren at fold and one shepherd."(Chapter 15,

Jerusalem."(Chapter 15.) v. 17; Chapter 16.)

Follow "Word Portraits from Third Nephi,"In the next two issues of the improvement era.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THANKSGIVING By Mary Clough

pilgrims landed When the weary

On the bleak New England shore

Their thoughts turned first to home and friends THIS BRIGHT JEWELED DAY TWILIGHT AndAndthenall inthatthewentcold before;and loneliness

.... Thanksgiving By Claire Stewart Boyer They fell upon their knees

And thanked the Lord for this new land

By Georgia Moore Ebetling had not known till now what twilight Where they could worship as they

I meant, pleased.

thank you, Lord, for this bright Mauve twilight happening upon a hill...WEjeweled day In muted sounds, in motion all but still, The pioneers came westward

Strung on the shining necklace of the year, Ingathering her essence, heavenblent! For a reason much the same

A time to lift a grateful heart and pray And suffered pain and heartaches

A prayer of deep thanksgiving for the dear I had not known that she was provident, Too numerous to name.

pilgrims just like the thenFamiliar things: for homeland, that rich Nor watched the modest way that she could And

long long, their journey ended When gift fill

Of Pilgrim and of Pioneer, who saw Her cup with nectar, sharing it at will Their voices, both the old and young

Beyond the sea of years and time's spindWith one who was no part of her intent. In thanks to God were blended.

be guided may not we essencesA dreamworld,rift anew, Though I shall gather safe and glad without a But seas, through unknown Today flaw! economy and in In gentleness

ever driven westward Or vision, faith, courage, dauntlessTheir this twilight hour, after gesture, mauve and Of please, worship can as we we So trust the heart alone sensing what While oh, so thankful should be stars night's like the canopy.Flash upon can We do

others bore the hardships That like flowers blooms aboveRemembrance its treasures of all the be grace for blessings to us turned Have their dust of uplifting power! arm and LettingA silent forever more. and free. Today to us areReminding thank God we

Today our flag is rippling high, unfurled

To bring new courage to a stormHYMNS OF PRAISE WILD DUCKS AND GULLS tossed world. By Helen Mating

By Constance Train Ohimmering aspens spoke their golden *** word "HPhe wild ducks, transient guests, are

With accents of the wind that stirred the * south again.

THE FINISHED FURROW calm. Placid, they float on waves of aqua blue,

Then winter came like some great feathered Or, upside down, they disappear from bird; view, By Grace M. Candland

And for tidbits or in playful vein. silver syllables gave forth their psalm Diving

Of earth that takes the fallen for its need.. Standing upon the old coquina wall,

A nother harvesting has passed away. The leaves enrich; the snows give life to I throw them crumbs. No matter where** Its final scene we hail as autumn rest spring. they fall,

With all her lovely colors on display, Oh, God's deep plan of bounty that we The gluttonous gulls, with avid, open

And nature's lavish gifts are at their best, heed! beak.

For now the plow and disk will knead the No wonder that our grateful hearts must Snatch them away. The ducks display

earth, sing! no pique,

And mulch the crusted soil for winter's But glide sedately off with slow disdain.

snow Their bearing shows that they are illWhich holds the elements of that rebirth impressed

That is to come when April's soft winds At the strange, boorish manners manifest.

blow.

Now looking back across the silent field

How like my life is this brown upturned NIGHT PROWLER sod Which I must some day offer up to God. By Edythe Hope Genee

He knows if it be poor or rich in yield.

And should the plowing end at noon or SOFTstreet;footfalls slink along the midnight

night, The finished furrow will be laid a-right. LEAFTHINNED Darkdoors;fingers pinch the locks of sleeping

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard The haunting stares of ghosteyes peer to meet LET us go on and leave bright foliage Cool moonlight panels sliding on the floors.

ON TAKING PRIDE On treehere and vine to follow ancient laws. WindowThe rosebushpanescringescreak assoftlyhis lengthat hisgoesclutch;by;

We cannot change the verdict which we Falling oak leaves moccasin his touch;

By Elaine V. Emans fear, A catbird warns with his unquestioned

For beauty suffers none to plead her cause. cry....

birth, beauty, old before ages our But the watchman moon looks down with I think, a woman will take This A lways, still lie behind should us though flickering lanternlight Would we** pride take burglar wind loots the pockets of As the simplestIn even done: work that is well

night! painted robes. Tomorrow, bound by the outThese white and rainbowcoloredThe wash

earth, side, Her door ballooning in the wind and sun, Scarlet will mold for newer scarlet's sake.

The annual pickles made, the ruby store This moment has been lengthened in our PEACE

Of jell if she be fortunate, and all eyes,

Pies, warm and flakycrusted, set before And both in heart and hooded bud is By Mabel L. Atkinson

Her men, and any handwork, from a small sheathed truth tall pines revealed proven stand with arms outbeneath these skies HPhe rug. of lace toCobweb And certainly A

chieftain Since long before a savage * stretched and black is justifiable prideIt seems her

But, should He frown upon it, surely He breathed In silhouette against the midnight sky,

Will understand no task is really dull This loneliness that is the autumn wind, While shimmering moonbeams dance behind

While one who labors over it can see And found his gods in quiet oaks leaftheir back,

How good, when it is finished, it must be. thinned. And in the distance far, the nighthirS; cry.

NOVEMBER 1948 679 THE FIRST

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. DAVID O. McKAY

GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

OctoLr I, 1948

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

HAROLD B. LEE HENRY D. MOYLE

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PATRIARCH to the CHURCH The General Authorities

George Albert Smith: b. April 4, 1870,

Pres. 8, 1903; Oct. Apostle S.L.C. Ord. ELDRED G. SMITH

of the 8, 1943; Council Twelve, July

President May 21, 1945 J, Reuben Clark, Jr.: b. Sept. 1, 1871,

Grantsville, lit. Set apart as 2nd Coun.

April 13, 1933. Ord. Apostle Oct 11,

1934. Set apart 1st Coun. Oct. 11, 1934;

to Pres. Smith May 21, 1945

David O. McKay: b. Sept. 8, 1873, HuntsOct. 11, 1934; to 2nd apart Coun. ASSISTANTS—ville,Set Ut. Ord. Apostle April 9, 1906.

21, 1945 Pres. Smith May

to the Lounctl or the -Jwell George F. Richards: b. Feb. 23, 1861,

Farming ton, Ut. Ord. Apostle April 9,

1906; Pres. Council of the Twelve May

MARION G. ROMNEY ALMA SONNE 21, 1945

Joseph Fielding Smith: b. July 19, 1876,

S.L.C. Ord. Apostle April 7, 1910

Stephen L Richards: b. June 18, 1879,

Mendon, Ut. Ord. Apostle Jan. 18, 1917

John A. Widtsoe: b. Jan. 31, 1872, Froyen,

Norway. Ord. Apostle Mar. 17, 1921

Joseph F. Merrill: b. August 24, 1868,

Richmond, Ut. Ord. Apostle Oct. 8, 1931

Albert E. Bowen: b. Oct. 31, 1875, Henderson Creek, Ida. Ord. Apostle April 8,

THOMAS E. McKAY CLIFFORD E. YOUNG 1937

Harold B. Lee: b. March 28, 1899, Clifton,

Ida. Ord. Apostle April 10, 1941

28, 1895, b. Kimball: March

7, 1943 Oct. Apostle FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY SpencerS.L.C. W.Ord.

Ezra Taft Benson: b. Aug. 4, 1899, Whitney, Ida. Ord. Apostle Oct. 7, 1943

Mark E. Petersen: b. Nov. 7, 1900, S.L.C.

Ord. Apostle April 20, 1944

Matthew Cowley: b. Aug. 2, 1897, Preston,

Ida. Ord. Apostle Oct. 11, 1945

Henry D. Moyle: b. April 22, 1889, S.L.C.

Ord. Apostle April 10, 1947

Eldred G. Smith: b. Jan. 9, 1907, Lehi, Ut.

Ord. Patriarch and set apart April 10,

Marion G. Romney: b. Sept. 19, 1897, Col.

Juarez, Mexico. Set apart May 21, 1941

Thomas E. McKay: b. Oct. 29, 1875,

Huntsville, Ut. Set apart May 21, 1941

Clifford E. Young: b. Dec. 7, 1883, S.L.C.

Set apart May 21, 1941 Alma Sonne: b. March 5, 1884, Logan, Ut.

Set apart May 26, 1941 Levi Edgar Young: b. Feb. 2, 1874, S.L.C.

Set apart Jan. 23, 1910

Antoine R. Ivins: b. May 11, 1881, St.

George, Ut. Set apart Oct. 8, 1931

S. DILWORTH YOUNG MILTON R. HUNTER BRUCE R. McCONKIE RichardS.L.C. L.SetEvans:apart Oct.b. 13,March1938 23, 1906,

PRESIDING BISHOPRIC OscarUt. A.SetKirkham:apart Oct.b.18,Jan.194122, 1880, Lehi,

JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN THORPE B. ISAACSON S. Dilworth Young: b. Sept. 7, 1897,

S.L.C. Set apart May 23, 1945

Milton R. Hunter: b. Oct. 25, 1902, Holden, Ut. Set apart May 23, 1945

Bruce R. McConkie: b. July 29, 1915, Ann

Arbor, Mich. Set apart Oct. 10, 1946

LeGrand Richards: b. Feb. 6, 1886, Farmington, Ut. Set apart April 14, 1938

Joseph I. Wirthlin: b. Aug. 14, 1893,

S.L.C. Set apart, 2nd Coun. April 14,

1938; set apart, 1st Coun. April 10, 1947

Thorpe B. Isaacson: b. Sept. 6, 1898,

BISHOP Ephraim, Ut. Set apart 2nd Coun. April

LEGRAND RICHARDS 10, 1947 NOVEMBER 1948 681.

B,

lredLaent

Lfeore bribed Smitk

Address delivered at the Friday morning session i i)C I of the 119th semiannual,0 general conference October 1. 1948, in the

Tabernacle

"We have received an assurance that our Heavenly Father is mindful of us if we will be faithful...

If we will honor him and keep his commandments, he will watch over us and protect and bless us"

WHAT THE LORD HAS DONE

appreciate the fact that there are ing a great organization, the Singing Latterday Saints, but thousands of many people who come to this Mothers, I felt subdued in my soul and them listen to this program and seem

I house from time to time who do not thankful to my Heavenly Father that it to have joy in telling us that they realize what a blessing a gathering of is possible for me to meet with you tofeel that it is a rich, spiritual uplift to this kind means to those who attend. day. When we think of the disturbthem.

As your first speaker this morning, and ances that are in the world, the unfor the benefit of the radio audience, certainty that is in the minds of in- '"Phis morning we have over five

I will say, George Albert Smith, the dividuals everywhere as to what may thousand missionaries scattered

President of the Church, will now occur, we are grateful to come into throughout the world. For what purspeak. the Lord's house as we do this mornpose? "Surely,"as one minister said

I announce to you that you can find ing, a house that was dedicated to him to me in England many years ago, nowhere else in all the world a gatherin the days of the poverty of our peo- "we don't desire you to come over ing comparable to this one. We have ple, a house that has been recognized here to preach; we have all the

had two days of meetings on this block. as unusual among all the houses of churches that we can fill."And he

This house has been filled with women worship in all the world, and from said, "We have all the preachers that of the Relief Society of the Church of this tabernacle every Sabbath day there we can afford to pay. Why do you

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints gathgoes forth a broadcast to all the states come over here?"

ered here, representing the stakes and of the American Union and to many And my answer to him was, "My missions of the Church. They repreparts of the world in other lands, a brother, we are over here without fisent the oldest women's religious orbroadcast of religious music and a nancial remuneration to share the gosganization in the world. They came, sermonette. Not anything to compare pel of Jesus Christ with the wonderful

not on a sightseeing trip, but to worwith this program can be found anypeople who dwell in this part of the ship, and to be instructed. They came where. These singers voluntarily come world."

here to the house of the Lord knowing here every Sunday to render these proHe asked, "Why don't you go to that if they were assembled under grams. the heathens like we do?"And I anproper conditions, they would be For twenty years this great choir has swered, "We do."He asked, "Where

blessed. Their two days of mingling been rendering service to the delight do you go?"And I said, "We come

and rejoicing together have prepared and the spiritual uplift of hundreds of right here."

the way for this other great general thousands, yes, millions of people, by He looked somewhat annoyed, and conference. means of radio, and the choir itself re- I said to him, "Now don't be disturbed,

This conference will continue three ceives no compensation. This organ, my brother. That isn't intended as an

days, and during that time it will be when it was built, was one of the great offense at all. There are no finer peoremarkable if all the seats in the buildorgans of the world and still is, and it ple in the world than you have here,

ing are not taken and people standing, has been heard in many lands. Personbut what is a heathen anyhow?"

and in addition to that the Assembly ally I have had the pleasure of hearing With some hesitation he answered,

Hall, which has been equipped with it and the choir while visiting in the "Well, a heathen is a man who doesn't radio television, will take care of an missions in the South Seas and other believe in the God of Abraham, Isaac, overflow as far as possible, and also places. They are devoting their time, and Jacob, and Jesus Christ."

the open air will be enjoyed by many every Sunday, singing praises to our I said, "Do you have any people like people listening to the amplified proHeavenly Father, causing his children that here in Great Britain?"

gram outside. everywhere to rejoice. He dropped his head and said, "Yes,

As I came in this morning and saw Here in Salt Lake City a large per- I am sorry to say we have."

this wonderful audience, these beauticentage of the population are not memThen I said, "Surely you are not goful flowers, our sisters here representbers of the Church of Jesus Christ of ing to complain about us if we come 682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 1 19th semiannual general confer"ence October 3, 1948, in the Tabernacle

YouCowleyhave listenedof the toQuorumElder Matthewof the

Twelve. I was not aware when

Brother Cowley was called to preside over the missions of the South Seas that he couldn't be seasick. I think

he is probably the only one of the brethren that could have gone through what he went through and come back reporting as well as he has.

We are nearing the close of a delightful conference, the end of the third day, and as I stand here for just 7 pray that his spirit may con- a few moments, I crave an interest that I may prayers faith and in your that us. when I praytinue with

will be that something say able to be that to homes our wewe return helpful.

will so adjust ourselves that our I am sure if nothing more were said, homes will be the abiding place of this great congregation could go back his Spirit, that will guide us into waitedto their uponhomestheandLord,truthfullyand say,we "Wewere all truth."not disappointed."The influence in

propadjoining in the this and house that the the months and hours them. days and convert help hereover to you at at worship are people erties where it, brothers the under spent that are your by to able haven't and been doYou all with that is my such this hour Irvin of direction Nelson all T. Presidentis here. are them want why we We to gratitude I express feel to heart my beautiStake Big of the Cottonwood gospel the of understandto Jesus anand heard has that he the Lord flowers the fying the grounds, makingChrist."

ofbeen that have prayers the swered delightto shrubs the be to and five missionbloom thousand our Today bread the fed us has that he fered and I ful, green. to the kept lawns would be of thearies face scattered are over

life. of fine that like brethren those their do who expenses earth, payingthe own of is up congregation made This of us that appreto many their loved work know paidor them having by the of parts from many members it helpare ciate much. very of They sole the at purpose home, andones adjourns, no conference world. When to here is ing all the people effort come thatthat who missionary great

I homes. to your will return doubt you in of interested the gospel mine, sisters brothers becomeof and and your to this opportunity to take like would of say, Christ,all them and children of many Jesus the our Faof Heavenly

if driving are on that you caution you like anything neverther, to saw a brought knowledge we "Why, be may careful as as that be you the highways else,"this place life they go and any given of the awayof and be purpose if on are walking possible, you and friends. tell their it neighbors and to of be andunderstanding means what that you City Salt streets of Lake the

it I in the go, to be this seems that to into Wherever world andborn know careful. likewise be them, of people, lives. of living and entire eternal many minds are Thewe far, thus us blessed has Lord The

and I trust that as we finish our con- "This is the Lord's Church. He gave it the name ference and go to our various fields

his prethat labor, of know may we to the pioneers come Son. He directed of his Beloved

us, and over been has serving hand soil the here. guidance and inspiration Under his homes, our may to we go has when we

been made fruitful until there is no more beautiful bow in thanksgiving and gratitude to place in all the world that is occupied as homes by the him for his many blessings.

sisrealize, brethren and you my Do speck a small sons and daughters of our Heavenly Father."ters, are only that you

in the great universe of the population

Salt City to "I is going say, Lake field they missionary a marvelousworld am in number that few world—so I there to outfor this day. go great want Church! some There are some insignificant? are and ofby thiscomparison we

nations in which we have been unable see what you people have accomplished However, you will find no other place to do missionary work, but the Lord in the wilderness."We haven't done in the world this day where there will

in his own way, will provide for doing it all, brethren and sisters. This is the be a congregation so large as this conthat. And, of course, many people Lord's Church. He gave it the name gregation, most of whom can testify

hear the gospel of Jesus Christ by of his Beloved Son. He directed the that they know that God lives and

means of radio, who wouldn't otherpioneers to come here. He didn't send that Jesus is the Christ, and that we

wise hear it. them some place else, and, under his are his children. That is a marvelous

Speaking of the missionary field, I guidance, and under his inspiration, the blessing when we contemplate the wonder sometimes, if we realize that people have lived out here and, with predicament that many countries are

Salt Lake City is the center of our his blessing, the soil has been made in at the present time while here we great missionary activity. There isn't fruitful, and there is no more beautiful are at peace. Here we are enjoying

a city in the world, in my judgment, place in all the world that is occupied the companionship of one another, that is better known than this city beas homes by the sons and daughters of different nationalities and the descendcause of the temple, the Tabernacle, our Heavenly Father than the section ants of those nationalities meeting here and the great organ and choir broadof country that you live in. Surely we as sons and daughters of the Living

casting as they have been every Sunshould be grateful. God. Surely not anything else that

day for nearly twenty years. Salt Lake Referring to the missionary work, we can think of in the way of a blessCity is one of the world's most beautithink of sending more than five thouing would take the place of the assurful cities. sand into the world to teach the gospel ance we enjoy.

I wonder if some of you realize the {Continued on page 774) {Continued on page 770)

NOVEMBER 1948 683 Not a Prophet—but a LISTENING

as nation and power no other has that the spirit which the sacrifice are not of worth our wealth, thus TheyMYpraybrethren and sisters, I humbly is worth the sacrifice of a principle, prosperity; we have grown in number, ever grown. forgotten have God. But we this integrity, far has guided conference, righthonor, of our of our

forgotten the gracious hand We have all of living. partaken, which we have may eous in preserved which us peace and multi- I shall continue while speak to you It is plied enriched and strengthened us, and a trite thi to the world is

in of these one so much One gets in imagined, vainly the in dewe have a mess< of and out and That we kno general conferences the only not from ceitfulness of all that our hearts, these a life of seventyseven years I can say blessings direct instructions were observations produced and superior some by far it that as see> so j can has ney/r virtue of and wisdom Intoxiour own. but the also thought come, from which it tfcat in is the been in mess tod with cated success unbroken have bewe these instructions directions which and there life, before, never have in my selfsufficient too feel come to the necessity is it difficult that invoke, a little somethe been evil of in powers such of redeeming preserving and grace, too collect times to one's thoughts along a

particular line.

As we grow and enter the upper brackets of years, we reflect a great deal upon the things which are of lasting importance, and we come clearly to see that many of the things which we thought of "The trouble with were value in our earlier the world is they do lives are merely the not want a prophet dross, that the and righteousteaching gold, treasures the ness. of life, have we may

overlooked.

I am grateful that while I still live and have opportunity to serve that I have come more or less to appreciate,

I try fully so to do, the things that are worth while. I try to shear away the

unimportant, and, when I do so, I find that worldly things have pretty largely disappeared, that the objects which ordinarily are the matters of ambition among men have gone, and life settles down to the problem of the future. I

cease to look at time and get over as strength. Satan seems to have taken proud to pray to the God who made us.

near as may be into eternity. Us over very largely, and we are more It behooves us, then, to humble ourselves before the offended to power, conis first less his tools. or This the grateful for not the knowledge I am

sins, national fess our to for and pray in national time history get, that our the to which enabled has Lord we me clemency forgiveness. and thereNow,

I in trouble, have of been to given the say and he which has when means me in fore compliance with the request and

I I spirit. talkpeople. for the of "we,"things grateful not the mean am I am fully concurring in the of views the Senate,

the knowledge of the gospel, imperfect ing of administrations. I am talking of I do by this my proclamation designate and

as is the knowledge which I have. I us, we the people of the United States. set apart Thursday the 30th day of April,

am grateful for my testimony which 1863, as a day of national humiliation, to strengthens with the days and the T have always been impressed with a abstain on that day from their ordinary pursuits, secular to unite their in and sevthat issued great proclamation was I blessthat grateful the years, and am eral places of public worship and devoted it in Lincoln. issued Abraham by I He to thusings recount myself which to the discharge humble of the religious Civil of the the darkest hours of one blessings belong are are the and which duties to that proper occasion. solemn

enjoyed by all of you. I come to see War, just before Vicksburg, the surAll this being done in sincerity and

that the things which men give in the render of which opened up the Missis truth, let us then rest humbly in the hope way of honor and respect and office sippi River, and just before Gettysburg, authorized by the divine teachings that and position are really of little worth. which stopped the threatened invasion the united cry of the nation will be heard

on high and blessings answered with no the of North. passed Senate had The not are sometimes worth whatThey less the than of our pardon national sins calling to resolution attention the a in to feel to give order have wewe the restoration and of our divided now the of to country needs asked and him I that toobtain them. come know suffering to country and its former happy

set for national apart prayer and a day are consequence ofworldly no goods condition of unity peace. and

whatever, save I have enough to eat, humiliation. The nation was considand to drink and reasonably to wear, ered almost bankrupt from debt. The In some respects, too many, we stand

and that to attempt to leave wealth to people were taxridden, almost beyond in that same place today.

my children will not only be a futile endurance; the army was unpaid, some Some time ago a pamphlet came

effort but that it may prove a curse. of it for a period of six months, and it across my desk which unfortunately I

daily dwindling by desertion. The it that should was the threw away. not outside I do mean by this page we On

president issued and a proclamation, stated, efforts to exert to our acease prophet,"need I was become and "We influential for good in our communities. ant,to read two or three Para9raPhs as I read it then, and as I think of it

I do not mean that we should forget now, I think how blind the world is.

"We,"by which he meant the peoliving here arethat our and had have a prophet, an American we We have live. prophet, forget thatlives not to a ple, one language, spoke our I do who

reasonable provision for those who... have been the recipients of the one who was imbued with Christian

come after us is a wise thing. I am choicest bounties of heaven; we have been ideals, and that prophet gave us the

only saying that none of these things preserved these many years in peace and great righteous principles of which we 684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRST PRESIDENCY By President J}. Kewlevi Clarh, tfr. OF THEEAR

know and of which the world partly individual initiative, what we have Address delivered at the Saturday knows; he gave them in our own lancome to call the American way of life, morning session of the 119th

guage over a hundred years ago. These and at the same time have cared for all semiannual general confermay all be read; we have been teaching who needed to be cared for. When we ence October 2, 1948,

them for a century. The trouble with could not live that, the Lord then gave in the Tabernacle

the world is they do not want a prophus, through a series of revelations, step et teaching righteousness. They want by step—for he always leads us graduwill that that what prophet tell them a be cannot always we

Christ; us but he warned that when is right, are doing no matter they all at to the end how ally,through once—heled clear ripe in iniquity, he became and if we it be. wrong of may out which us revelations we gave

us, just would destroy as he had defor for caring plan the developed in this. have Going is nothing new There

us. stroyed others before giving the the by those through the poor, taught beginning, to the Noah back

not. those to have have prophet, who a he told who and people. was We He HPhe Prophet gave a great revelation plan. it welfare great as the finally to convinced do. know now them what He

involving principles of fundamental welfare in the is nothing saved. new There his they were and own

relationship the between that machinery plan of a little except children we government, the of So Moses—whilefamily, civil officers the the people, and the it out. to carry have promadded he Israel and was were in Egypt

ising them deliverance, they followed The Lord gave us a great dietary relationship between the people and him, they did what he told them, but law more than one hundred years ago. the laws, commanded obedience to

once out of Egypt and away from the He called it a Word of Wisdom. If righteous laws—all sufficient in general

bondman's lash they forgot, and he had this law were lived, it would regenerate principles to take us out of our present rebellion after rebellion upon his hands the human race, so far as their physimorass of pride, lawlessness, and from then until he died. The later cal bodies are concerned; and because crime.

that the Constitution, told us unHe relationship intimate vindicated of the between prophets in Israel—Elijah

live, which an inspired was spiritual der we bodies physical of our and our that he was a prophet by a miracle,

God; yet Jezebel hunted him like a welfare, we would, if we had lived it, document, that its principles were elewild beast and would have killed him by this time be well on our way spirmental to free human government and

had not the Lord taken him by a itually toward that peace for which declared we should adhere to the Conmiracle; and Isaiah and Jeremiah, these men today so earnestly and devoutly stitution and to the principles thereof.

prophets spoke not only about rightwork and pray. In that Constitution is the great Bill

eous living and what Israel should do He taught us also the relationship of Rights, guaranteeing to us freedom in their family life and in their religious between father and son, child and parof the press, freedom of speech, freeworship, but those prophets spoke also ent, a great principle, one of the savdom of conscience, freedom to assemof the relationship of nations and how ing principles of society, given first on ble, and so on.

Israel should bear herself toward those Mount Sinai and repeated by the All this is in our gospel. It is all

nations, but their warnings and prophSavior to the questioning Pharisees. part of the work of our great prophet

ecies went unheeded, and the calamiWe have forgotten that. The prophJoseph Smith, and those who have

ties which they predicted came. ecy is here. There is no difficulty about followed him. It is in the books and

Now our Prophet, Joseph Smith, and that. It is our ears that are at fault. has been in print for a century. The

the prophets since his time, and there He gave us the true principle for American Prophet has spoken; American prophets are speaking. The great

principles I have named, and almost countless others, have been proclaimed for a hundred years. No, America does

not need a prophet; America needs a

all, we "We do not lack a prophet; what we lack is wholisteningare here,ear. Andmembersmoreofthanthe Church

a listening ear by the people and a determination of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, to live as God has commanded.* we need a listening ear.

May God give us that ear. May he

give us a disposition to read what he has told us. May he give us a spirit,

his spirit, to take into our souls the principles of the gospel which he has has always been a prophet in this righteous ruling in that great revelation given to us. May he give us the will

Church, and prophets, and you sustain which tells us how the priesthood and power to live them, having taken the brethren here, conference after conshould rule, as already referred to by them into our souls; and the blessings

ference, as prophets, seers, and revelaBrother Romney, I believe, who quoted and the joy and the happiness of life tors, the Prophet himself, through the some teachings from the Book of that will come to us if we so live are

Lord by revelation, gave certain great Mormon. beyond any powers of expression or

principles that would save the world He gave us a great law of war tellsuggestion that I possess.

listen. if that ing us do the we, his not people, should would but world We I give say, us, again a lisGod May

is a unless a prophet; lack what not we lack go to war by him commanded tening in all that ear us, to told he has

listening ear by the people and a deterand then telling what those who were order that we may live as he would mination to live as God has comattacked should do, how many times have us live and give us the spirit to manded. That is all we need. The they should forgive, following along which I have referred, and the power

way has been made perfectly clear. the lines of those quotations made by to live as he would have us live, and

Brother Romney. to us men the will and power to

Tn the earliest days of the Church the He declared also, this prophet of honor our priesthood, and give to all * Prophet, through revelation, gave ours, that this was a promised land and of us every blessing that would be for a plan—we call it the United Order should so remain so long as we worour good, I humbly pray in the name

which, if lived, would have preserved shiped the God of this land, Jesus of Jesus. Amen.

NOVEMBER 1948 685

FOR BETTER A PLEA

"Y brethren and sisters, as I apthem in lands where they fought as duty as wife and mother. The father,

proach this solemn duty, I sense soldiers. One of these, as others of his particularly, if he be a member of the

fully the need of your united supcomrades, sent his savings home, reChurch and holds the priesthood, whoMport, and particularly the sustaining inquesting his mother to keep them to fails to set a proper example before his fluence of the Spirit of the Lord. pay the expenses of his anticipated children is a delinquent, and is a conIt is my purpose this morning to say mission after his discharge from the tributor to child delinquency,

a few words about the effect of enarmy. Then he added, "If I do not Upon the responsibility of parents

vironment upon youth, and the responreturn, use my savings to send out some to have proper home environment, sibility of adults to make home and other comrade to preach the gospel."modern revelation is most explicit:

civic environment a contributing factor He did not return, but in keeping with his desire, his using parents their right living. to are now as parents inasmuch have And again,

this soldier's savings another to support following is pertinent to what I The in Zion, of children her stakes or in any have in mind: youth who is fulfilling the dead solwhich are organized, that teach them not

dier's request. to understand the doctrine of repentance,

It is the that the the not forms man, living the age faith in Christ the of God, Son is I tell there as long so you, an that the forms age. Great minds gift of the theman of baptism and inand Holy spirit youth, do dication our of that among the react societyindeed which has on the made laying of hands, the on Ghost by when have to going them and uphold I am are, they onlythem but pay old, they sin what the the eight years heads be upon

with interest what they have received. confidence in them. of the parents.

{ Macaulay. I know that it is hardly fair to judge For this shall be a law unto the inthe group by those especially selected habitants of Zion, or in any of her stakes

So also is this ancient proverb apas missionaries, but I have been in which are organized.

their shall for children baptized: be Andplicable lives other groups with touch whose

sins their eight the of remission years when tip against delinquency. scales the Rethe receive old, laying the of on hands. and in the heart, is righteousness If there

in this city there held cently a was shall their also they children teach And If character. will in thethere beauty be

there is beauty in the character, there will convention of one of the national colto pray, and to walk uprightly before the be harmony in the home. If there is harege fraternities. For dignity, temperLord. (D. & C. 68:2528.)

mony in the home, there will be order in a n c e, brotherhood, society. And if there is order in society, and other commendQuarreling among

there will be peace in the world. able virtues, it was "Speaking generally, parents and children,

choicest of the one From the pulpit and public press, I have confidence in our faultfinding,ing, smoking cigarets,backbitif not the conventions even in homes and social circles, we choicest convention, young people. This condrinking intoxicating

hear discouraging comments on the ever held by such an fidence springs primarily liquors, using profane youth.delinquency of organization, and

If there is about the recalconcern who was said by one that from -my intimate assolanguage,home environmentmake a citrance of boys and girls, this generahad attended fifty of ciations with hundreds that contributes to tion is no exception to those which them. In nearly every of returned soldiers and delinquency. No parit. precededhave Our greatgrandfa- consistently ent can detail, planned it was gone on others who have their greatgrandfathers worthers and faith in Christ teach carried and particularly out by missions, the forwardness and reckried about the profanes who local youth. our

the children, their andlessness of Deity. of Produring the last three name outing recent by A

just as future of theirbleakness we is fanity never heard do that group, one same years."

today. hundred twenty in the wellordered

Speaking generally, I have confistrong, was charachome. Swearing is a

dence in our young people. This conterized by actions most creditable. vice that bespeaks a low standard of

fidence springs primarily from my intiThat there is a threatening increase breeding. Blasphemous exclamations

mate associations with hundreds of in delinquency in our communities, pardrive out all spirit of reverence. Irrevreturned soldiers and others who have ticularly among boys and girls of higherence is always a mark of delinquengone on missions, particularly during school age, is all too apparent to anycy.

the last three years. While our young one who will open his eyes to see, and Wrote General George Washingmen were in the army, most of them his ears to hear; and steps should be ton to his Continental soldiers:

conof course) exceptions,(there were this curtail deliquency. to taken

of foolish practice prowicked and The creditably. They themselvesducted

is It this in mind purpose with is vice cursing swearing that fane a so and mean for sacred as possible regularly asmet of youth, to the delinquency I refer not that of sense person every and and low the illustration: Duringservice. As an

it. detests despises character and of adults. delinquency the but to conflict the Pacific in the whenwar

height, chaplain day one a at itswas all is prevalent Profanity vice too a is and influenced example by Youth saying, colonel, you "Are aaccosted in it with though say America, and we groups Dominating environment. tomorrow?"conference togoing all frequently too embarrassment, used this influence the home, are exerting conference?"mean, you do"What in Church. the circles, social school, the church, the colonel. the "The Mormonanswered conditions. civic and holding a Britain are insoldiers New great philosopher, as Chinese a faHHhe delinquent too are many There tomorrow."conference is minister crime, to of reported the are thers mothers. homes and Our

I heard that same colonel say, upon centers that determine the type of our have set free a son who had offended his return from the army, "Those solcitizenry. To dignify home and paragainst the canon of filial behavior, on

diers are among the best missionaries enthood is one of the noblest aims of the ground that the father who had so that the Church has ever had."human society. The greatest responill-taught him was the one to blame.

sibility given to women is the divine Said he:

their thus blessed, gift She to a mother. be young of these men savedATany fail superiors in their duty, should When* opportunity, health and mishas of the expenses who to pay die? and inferiors father his money never taught This

sions which they are now filling in shirks the responsibility for social son to be filial. To act upon this charge

various parts of the world, some of prestige and pleasure, is recreant to her would be to kill the innocent.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ENVIRONMENT

in the individual welfare and control over I ask you, I ask the American pubchild, influences the yields to community lic, to consider, effect what such comlarger life of part in the which have a now ment have would upon people young the child. who are already inclined to yield to

the urge of new> experience. More

TITith the great masses of sensationshame to the adult delinquent than to "* alism and artificial stimulation to the youth!

which the child of today is subjected in this age of mechanical wonders, it TT is the duty of every lawabiding is of the gravest importance that so* 1 citizen to see to it that our chilciety realize that it is only in the exdren have a wholesome community en ample of sincere living upon the part vironment in which to live during their of the individual tender and impressive years.

finds cently broke up that gambling den outBy President jbwU 0. WcJ(a&% membersthat the childof society I commend those officers who reimpulse dynamic a in our county, sixteen OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY his for wholeown than more the adults—well,here that—whenwhere development. some sheriff his and deputy caught bethem

But until the millennium there will If we are sincere in our desire to cause of the activity of some neighbors be delinquent parents and delinquent reduce this delinquency among youth,... sixteen adults who were guilty of

homes, and as a result from out of let us look to ourselves as members of gambling and cockfighting. Eleven

these there will come children inclined the community and as leaders and ofwere caugh't, arrested, and fined fifty to delinquency. ficials in civic circles. I continue to dollars each. The officers broke it up,

It is the duty of the Church to render quote:

such assistance as is possible. First, to Address delivered at the Sunday

find these delinquents, and then to A nation that has morning, session of the 119th awaken higher ideals in daily living and conquered great semiannual general conferto inspire faith in the gospel of Jesus material difficulties, ence October 3, 1948,

Christ. and harnessed its in the Tabernacle

chilof percentage small a only But effective of means but the active in angamblers are now gmore have contact in ever youth and comedren its of the cynicism combating youth—the I other county, informed. am In City church. the Yorkwith of flaunted widely dishonesty New horn cynicism illegal secret, selling of The bawdy

fifty are children insincerity unplaces, of in of high leadthousandalone, those literature pictures, the obscene and ership, crime. of pageantry and gaudy potentaffiliated church. with any A of drinking intoxicating in liquors publawless the termed been have most in character therefore, developfactor, We

lic, the harboring of devices, gambling is the in world. not This nation merely is school. the publicment particularly and of ban- "onearmed that laws that so one have any many we

To these democratic institutions enactment loses sancity. This is not merely dits"in "joints"throughout the state,

come children from all kinds of homes, that the administration of criminal law has and I speak advisedly, lure the youth including the delinquent. All I can say failed to keep pace with our urbanization. into an atmosphere of criminality. Sale

is feel that in merely that not This we in is teacher thatthis every morning liquor of the indrink only would by rights the law. stand dividual above Deeprealize should in school andchurch crease the danger and make more all lies this er a of lawlessness than form well as the as the moralthat has he readily accessible to a people young inpeople, that that pervades our whole

responsibility to impressassigned upon demoralizing environment. tragic fects result of our our children—the hightrue thehis value the of students facility resources, natural the unlimited of I these throwing out thoughts am two

life. in things noblestest and their the wealth apparent and omnipotence the to of emphasize keeping need our

it is of the apparent, in our heritage concern, our now More machinery—far people, as possible, in as young

of generation the to given beshould a not and demoralizing wholesome a vicious belief that outinfluencesthe environment. can somehow as more again, inasmuch "And theside the home,

life of gotten out bechurch, and in children the parents have let conclusion, than into puts one say: Tn me the ofschool. One A it. is... in truly This shall teach they t Xion gratihere us express and Le now conimportantmost most md for tude the of Christ Church Jesus their to children pray, and in heldferences ever devastating sense with auxiliaries specially quorums and lawlessbelief in the athis country was uprightly to before walk

It to organized evils. these combat was ness. ConHouseWhite the (D. C. 68:25, Lord."established & divine revelation of by God Childference on

the his Christ. Father and Jesus Son 28.) delin Recently a ProtecHealth and

Its is glorious to mission the proclaim adult, quent a promtion held during trut&, uplift gospel; restored the to qf inent administration, with caught actor movie Hoover's wasPresident society that people mingle more may illegal "dive."in the others days followed few an Dern GeorgeGovernor A another; amicably one create with to later, result, in in the published huncolumnist a a pubUtah. upmatter As

in our communities en- a wholesome lic people, the following: press, forwardprogressive ofdreds

in vironment children which our may the citizens, in participatedlooking find resist strength to temptation and

Utah State White House Conference, I don't quite savvy all this sudden bleedencouragement to strive for cultural and considered influences that affect ing over the plight of a droopyeyed young and spiritual attainment; to make into actor seems caught been have child. whothe From one of these reports I movie effective the influence designing of men

reefer the a binge cops with a on couple by as follows:quote profit their out of would make who

it is thing, of blondes. unone not For an fellows fallen are as to so be who low in offense usual the Hollywood. Dragging

The decadence of the oldtype home weed ranks roughly in the film colony with slaves to their appetites and passions with its wide physical arena of family life, taking benzedrine as a substitute for sleep and who would fill their purses through its home with genius industry, its concern and sobriety. (Concluded on page 770)

NOVEMBER 1948 687 Z)L FORT on iL FIRING LINE...*

President 1851, Bcigham year the friends he than they ever expected had be persuaded to accept wouldIN to build a fort and sent colony a Young the to race of despised peace! ways of find among

exthus called Parowan, placeestablish a tending the great Mormon expansion to white men. The plunderers followed Hamthe south, encouraged by the lite Chief Hamblin and his company crossed blin's trail homeward and descended

was not Walker Chief SinceWalker. suback over the river, followed the again from the forest of the big mounhis it was even among own tribe,preme

imperative that forts be built in every setlong trail over the timbered Bucktain to raid the herds of the weary tlement. As the thin line of forts began to settlers. Like creatures that live

into WalkChief farther farther andreach this with and work in the night, they skulked influx vieweder's territory, he alarm and incited his people to attack. under cover and in the darker

Among the Mormons were those who shadows by day. Woe to the herder

conthe Indians loved and madegenuinely this who had slackened his vigilance or in to them. Foremoststant appeals

number were Jacob Hamblin and Thales

Haskell. Added to the hostility of the Utes

were three other adversaries: the Navajos

the renegade whites, and nature, which seemed at times the greatest adversary of all.

Part II

was imperative that Hamblin and

It his company move on at once or they would all be massacred, yet what should they do with their comrade wounded to death? He was

in too much agony to mount a horse;

he could not last long; yet they had

no minute wait. Lifting him hurriedly but tenderly to the saddle, they

rode one on each side to keep him from falling, and rushed away while he begged them to lay him down to die by the trail.

When the life had gone out of him, they lowered him to the sand, put his hat over his face and left him for the savages coming on their trail. They would take his scalp,

mutilate, and insult his body, and leave it to the ravages of birds and animals. His bones were to be scattered and bleach a long time on the Navajo woman weaving blanket

sand of this enemy country before they could be gathered by loving hands and given reverent burial in who suffered himself to be found the homeland. helpless and alone! And these robThat was the contemptuous anbers planned death to all who dared

swer of the Navajos to the peace to pursue them with their spoil.

offer of a neighbor who wanted to But calamity, fearsome and trebe their friend instead of their prey. mendous, struck suddenly in their

They had never been humbled; they homeland, terrifying and scattering

felt perfectly secure in their remote them as a pack of rats are scattered deserts and mountains while they from their disrupted den. Their

devoured weaker or more peaceable robbing bands came fewer in numpeople on every side. Now they ber now, but they came with the perif their of sistency as desperation in exultalifted their heads haughty

lives the nature on depended these peace Typical Navajo of Monument Valley very over triumphtion of messengers whom they had thrust skins and over the desert to report and quantity of what they could violently from their borders. But the Navajo answer to their petition, steal. That was exactly what their

disaster hung darkly, though unand what was to be expected from lives did depend on, and the lives of seen, over their heads, and it was that quarter in the future. their wives and children as well.

in the destiny of the years that they O the austere Navajo—relentless Most of their thousands in homewould hail these Mormons as truer and unbending! How and when refuge had been rounded up and

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing the Mexicans and Pueblos to betrayal, is a history in itself. It

bribed f\. <=Li man, theirtheir southeastwest whenandtheythe wereHopisfirstto wasthis saucyin the littleunfoldinggang ofof eventsPiutes forto

taken account of by authentic hisprolong, for more than thirtyfive driven away like cattle into captivitory. The influence of Hernando years, the fight of the fort on the

ty. Those who came plundering Cortez and his Spanish government firing line.

now were those only who, by their reached feebly after them, to find desperate flight, had escaped, them defiant and unyielding. By Tn 1805, the Navajos aggravated

stripped and destitute, to the ragged 1630, they had become known as the Spanishcontrolled Mexican breaks of the badlands where they inveterate robbers with impregnable government to the breaking point, must survive as thieves or die as retreats. and with an army it invaded their

outcasts. country from the south. Finding

it And now, from that ominous mist I N 1705, the Spaniards in Mexico them in Canyon de Chelley, over the distant Buckskins, pinched had to drop all other business slaughtered twelve or fifteen hunfaces seemed to peer from the tall and carry on a series of punitive dred men, women, and children.

expeditions against them, which Even this terrifying bloodbath gave amounted to nothing at all. The them but a temporary chill, for the

Navajos mocked at them and conSpanish power in Mexico had altinued their plundering operations ready begun to decline, and by with all the persistence and delibera1815, these bandits of the wildertion with which they planted their ness found no one to challenge their little patches of corn or cared for supremacy unless indeed it was that their flocks of sheep. Workers nest of Piutes across the San Juan.

though they were from the distant No strong power called them again past, their philosophy was to eat at into question for thirty years.

least a part of their bread by the Without restraint from any quarsweat of other men's brows, and no ter in all that time, the Navajos one in the world seemed able to brought forth a generation of men change that ingrown philosophy. with hot contempt for any governYet to the north of them across ment but their own. They had been

the San Juan River lived a people a law to themselves for at least who believed in eating all their three hundred years, perhaps much bread by the sweat of other men. (Continued on page 719)

These people were not workers like the Navajos, but inveterate idlers, no possessions for which the Navajos would be lured over among them. Thus with never anything

worth the hazard, nothing to lose and everything to gain, they stole from the stealers.

Native to the most impregnable region of barriers which nature had '&'<'S''aSi& -;.-,-.:;::: ':.-:::.:: made in the precipitous southwest,

they could sally safely out from timber in mortal fear of the white their defenses to> rob or torment the soldiers behind them, and in equal Navajos, and if pursued too closely, fear of the angry sentinels in front they could disappear completely.

of them keeping vigil along the Once among their defenses, it was

Mormon frontier. Yet somehow, death to follow them.

whether by day or by night, they These near neighbors north of the seemed to come riding, riding; and San Juan were Piutes, more imwhen the darkness and hush of the placable as fighters, more persistent

night had passed, pony tracks on as thieves, more cunning, more cruel—andthe trailgone.showed that they had come thanpast theythe Navajos.had been Froma sharpthethornremotein

Never till now in all the ages past the flesh of these desert pirates.

had the Navajos been defeated by The story of their wars, of how the their enemies. With vain exultation Piutes stole Navajo< women, of how

they related fabulous legends of victhe old San Juan was sometimes tory and freedom through long and their defense and sometimes their glorious ages with a God who loved them above all other people. Like

birds with hooked beaks who devour weaker creatures, they were despoil- A section of theJuanroadHill. on top of San

NOVEMBER 1948 The World's GREAT Need Dm president Ljeorae J. Kickardt.$ OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Friday morning session of the 119th semiannual general conference October 1, 1948.

in the Tabernacle

is written that faith is the first prinIT ciple of revealed religion, the foundation of all righteousness. ( See D.

& C. Lectures on Faith 1:1.) This being true, all our righteousness is due to

faith, and it follows that our unrighteousness is due to a lack of faith. We

desire in preaching the gospel to the

Saints and strangers alike to establish as far as possible faith in the minds and the hearts of people that they may bring forth righteousness, for righteousness is what makes for salvation in the kingdom of God, and we are all candidates for salvation.

In my remarks today, I desire to speak of some of the evidences of the glorified divine, of existence personal, of Members the Quorum and Apostles. the Twelve left to right: From Spencer W. Kimball, Matthew Cowley,

Henry D. Moyle, John A. Widtsoe, Stephen L Richards, Joseph Fielding Smith, Richards, George F. and of Father, of his the Eternal and God,

Joseph F. Merrill.

Son, Jesus Christ, a knowledge of whom I regard as the world's greatest fact the also to give of need; evidence felt in this at of any moment Smith, its the of evidence and truth, being—just that indivinely Smith a was Joseph I great pillar light alarm, of a exsaw carefully be prayerfully and considspired that he of an prophet God, was actly head, over the brightness above my ered, for the truth upon falsity or of in in of the the the of sun, instrument hands which descended gradually God his story, socalled, Mormonism, must fell it until me. upon gospel, everlasting the restoration of

fall. stand or It I sooner appeared than no found myof the establishment the and Church

this In self eventful experience there delivered the from was held enemy which this, in earth of and kingdom on God light bound. the revealed rested me to the upon When boy Joseph, and the gospel Fulness the Dispensation of

I Personages, brightsaw two me whose through him, to the world, exceedtwo of Times. ness all glory defy description, and standingly truths. First, important that God

air. ing in in the above beautiful spring of me a morning them One On the Eternal his Father and Son Jesus calling me, spake unto name, by me and fourteenyear-old the year 1820, a boy Christ living are separate, personages, said, pointing is to the other This My being conof Manchester, York, New glorified exalted; and second, that and Beloved Son. Hear Him! religion, exercised siderably over and all the religious creeds were wrong. object in to inquire going of the My scripture believing the reads: which

all Lord to of was know the sects which "\17hatever Joseph's or underviews I that was might to which know

If let of lack ask him wisdom, any you join. standing I sooner, pertaining therefore, to the did get posper- right,No

all liberally, giveth that of to God, men session of myself, to as so able sonality to be of the his Father and God Son it shall not; given upbraideth and be and speak, than the Personages who Christ Jesus been, have he may now him (James 1:5) stood light, above the all of Imeasked which perfect a had that point. knowledge on

the sects I was which should right—andin before entertained not had He the retired into trees of grove a nearby join.

to pray. He tells his own story as fol- I was answered that I must join none thought that all the creeds or denomilows: of them, for they were all wrong; and the nations might be wrong, but on these

Personage who addressed me said that all two points his mind was now clear

After I had retired to the place where their creeds were an abomination in his and at ease.

I had previously designed to go, having looked around me, and finding myself alone, I kneeled down and began to offer up the desires of my heart to God. I had "It is written that faith is the first principle of

scarcely so, done immediately when I revealed religion, the foundation of all righteousness"seizedwas upon by some power which entirely overcame me, and had such an (See D. & C, Lectures on Faith 1:1.)

astonishing influence over me as to bind my tongue so that I could not speak. Thick

darkness gathered around me, and it sight; that those professors were all corThe debris of a decayed religion

rupt; that: "they to draw near with if me I for to a timeseemed as were me having is been removed, now room

their lips, their but hearts far are from to destruction. suddendoomed in for the the establishworld made me; for they teach doctrines the commandBut, all exerting call to powers my the of religion true ment the of Master. ments of having men, of a form godliness, to deliver ofupon the out God power me It later that this boy, developed Joseph but they the deny thereof."power thisof seized enemy which me, had upon

raised Smith, the of up was to Lord again forbade join to He with any at me the veryand moment ready when I was to sink into despair and abandon myself of them.... (Pearl of Great Price, Joseph be the mighty prophet of the last days,

to destruction—not to an imaginary ruin, Smith 2:1520.) an instrument in the hands of God in

but to the power of some actual being the restoration of the everlasting gosfrom the unseen world, who had such It is of supreme importance that pel, and in the establishment of his marvelous power as I had never before the story told by this boy Joseph (Continued on page 768) 690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Keeping the Commandments

treating this matter from a little different viewpoint, but nevertheless calling the attention of the members of of GOD the Church, of fathers and mothers, to their responsibility in regard to the BY training of their children.

There is no substitute for a righteous home. That may not be so conis world, in the but it and sidered

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE of in Jesus to the Church ought be

Christ of Latterday Saints. The family is the unit in the kingdom of God.

That we believe, and if we are forenter the celestial kingdom of God?

tunate enough, through the keeping of If so, then you must begin by teachthe commandments of the Lord, to go ing at the cradleside. You are to

back and reenter the celestial kingteach by example as well as precept.

dom to dwell with him, we will find You are to kneel with your children that we are his sons and his daughters, in prayer. You are to teach them, in

that he is in very deed our Father. As all humility, of the mission of our SavPaul has stated it, we are his offspring, ior, Jesus Christ. You have to show

and through obedience to every printhem the way, and the father who ciple of eternal truth we will go back shows his son the way will not say to to be his sons and his daughters. him:

speaking said prayed, has and Paul or go School, to "Son, Sunday go obediChrist of of mission the and his priesthood to the or to go Mutual, him: to ence

will say: "Come, but meeting,"he

and go with me."He will teach by

For this cause I bow my knees unto example.

Albert E. Bowen, Harold B. Lee, Ezra Taft Benson, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, Family prayer will be in the home.

family the whole and Mark E. Petersen Of whom arises family the in heaven In the morning when

earth 3:1415.) (Eph. and is named. his will gather father the for day, the

family, kneel in prayer, and thank the

Address delivered at the Sunday If we get back into that great kingLord for his blessings. At night he

afternoon session of the 119th dom after the earth is redeemed, we will have them assemble again, and in semiannual general conferwill find ourselves members of the the family unit they will kneel again ence October 3, 1948, great family of God, and he will be to pray. And all these things will be

in the Tabernacle our Father. taught in the home, because we want to have that home intact. We do not

He said, you know, to John: want it destroyed when we cross to

seek the guidance of the Spirit of He that overcometh shall inherit all the other side.

the Lord. things; and I shall be his God, and he

I anyto going give not shall you son. (Rev. 21:7.) am be my I heart pity deal of a great in my [ have that pertains thing Everything new.

'Chrisso-called this world, the for I is shall gospel but not to the new, Lattershould as remember, We in the believe professing to world, already anything that not has present Saints, celestian that the outside of day been considered, either at this contial kingdom, there is no family organmission of Jesus Christ, and in sincerference or at some other time, and I ization. That organization is reserved ity, many of them, I am sure. They

may, in the course of my remarks, refor those who are willing to abide in think they are on the right course;

peat and emphasize some things that every covenant and every obligation but they have been misled by false have already been said. which we are called upon to receive teachers into thinking that the family

First, I shall read to you from secwhile we sojourn here in this mortal comes to an end at death, that hustion ninetythree of the Doctrine and life. band and wife are separated eternally,

Covenants where the Lord says, speakand that there is no more claim for ing of light and truth which is the them upon their children. And that

Spirit of Christ: is true for them, according to their be-

"VTow, let me take up where these lief. That is the condition that will

Light and truth forsake that evil one. brethren left off. Of course there prevail in the terrestrial kingdom

Every spirit of man was innocent in the should be prayer and faith and love and in the telestial kingdom, because beginning; and God having redeemed man and obedience to God in the home. It there will be no marriage there, and

from the fall, men became again, in their is the duty of parents to teach their there will be no family order there. Do

state, infant before innocent God. I children for I feel these saving principles of sorry that? say the you want

that wicked one and taketh cometh And Christ, gospel of that misled so these that Jesus they been have people truth, light disobedience, through and away in to are false they notions to be regard into these bapwill know why of children the from of because men, and the tradition of their fathers. tized and that they may be impressed the hereafter and the family organizaBut I have commanded you to bring up in their hearts with a desire to conyour children in light and truth. (D. & C. tinue to keep the commandments of tion.Why do we go into the temples to

93:3740.) God after they are baptized, that they be sealed, husbands and wives, and

may come back into his presence. Do children to parents, and why are we

I know we were all very deeply imyou, my good brethren and sisters, commanded to have this work done, not pressed with the remarks of President want your families, your children; do only for ourselves, but also to be sealed

McKay this morning, and others of the you want to be sealed to your fathers to our fathers and mothers, and their brethren who have spoken, in relation and your mothers before you, do you fathers and mothers before them, back to the care of our children in the want to have this family unit perfect as far as we can go? Because we

home. I wish to continue, perhaps when you, if you are permitted, shall (Concluded on page 761

NOVEMBER 1948 691 R E P R T ON THE SOUTH AMERICAN MISSIONS

Address delivered at the Sunday BY of automatic steering and radar, and afternoon session of the 119th then I was escorted to the huge engine general semiannual 3, 1948, ence October conferJtepken <=>L IKichard& roomgreatestwherepowerI plantsinspectedI haveoneeverofseen,the in the Tabernacle OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE I felt quite rewarded for my preaching.

We arrived in Buenos Aires, headquarters of the Argentine Mission, in have been deeply moved by this years, we longed for the snow and ice the morning. We could see from the

conference, my brethren and siswe had so recently left. You know ship's deck the mission president, and

I ters, and my inclination would be you can usually protect yourself his wife, and the missionaries and to spend my allotted time in lending against the cold, but you can't against Saints gathered to meet us. It was

support and sanction to the great mesthe heat, and I am sure I prolonged my noon, however, before we could greet sages which have come to us. I have, visit to the few airconditioned offices them. The time consumed in getting

however, another obligation that I feel where I presented letters of introducbaggage through customs and in the

I must discharge. tion, beyond the bounds of strict inspection of visas and securing mediMy wife and I returned from South propriety. I hope it wasn't too obvious. cal permits, is very considerable, I asAmerica last spring just a day or two Down in Sao Paulo, the headquarters sure you.

too late to attend the April conference. of the Brazilian Mission, it was a little In this connection I would like to

While I have spoken of some of my bit more temperate because that has broadcast the counsel throughout the experiences in a few of the stake consome elevation above the sea, and Church to all parents and friends of ferences, I have thought that I should Montevideo and Buenos Aires are missionaries in the South American make a report to the Church on our farther south and in a more temperate missions, not to send to the missionvisits to these missions in the southzone. aries packages at Christmas, or any

ern continent. other time, containing articles which

Perhaps it might be well at the outare not essential to them in their work.

set just to refresh your geographical It often requires many hours and somememories a little. South America is times days of the precious time of misnot only south of North America, but sionaries, or the mission staff, to get

it is almost entirely east of the United packages out of customs, and a box of

States, so that during nearly all of the stale cookies which has spent two or time we spent away we were four three months on the way, even though hours, or time zones, east of Salt Lake it carries a lot of love and sentiment

City, and only two time zones west from the folk at home, isn't worth it.

of London. Our travels consumed An airmail letter on thin paper with a

about eighteen thousand miles, so you tencent stamp is a far more expendisee we here at home are a long way tious and satisfactory messenger of from our fellow members in the misyour affection and encouragement unsions of South America, and because der the circumstances that prevail in of that difference and the fact that South America.

about twentytwo years had elapsed There is a word in frequent use in since that country was visited by GenSouth America which expresses a eral Authorities, you will readily unquality wholly necessary to peace of derstand that we were awaited with a mind. It is the word paciencia meaning

patience. takes his time Everybody

San Martin Monument doing things, the government and royalWewelcome.left Salt Lake City on the last Aires. Buenos He was thein SanGeorgeMartinWashingPark, about

day of December last year. We spent ton of South America. its agencies, especially. The sooner

about two weeks in Washington, D.C., you learn this the happier you are.

and New York in securing letters of introduction to prominent business peoCoon after we boarded the ship, we "\17ell, we finally got through cusple in the south, and also in interviews were happy to learn that there vv toms to enjoy the welcome and at the embassies of the countries we were seven missionaries aboard, and greetings of our patient friends. I will

intended to visit, where we were inone member of the Church in the say just a word about our reception at troduced through the courtesy of our ship's employ. With the assistance of the Laniers Branch of the Argentine

Congressional representatives. We these good folk, on the request of the Mission in Buenos Aires, because this

never did secure time enough to present ship's command, we conducted what was typical of the hospitality and all of these letters, but we had the were called "divine services"on the greetings of the Saints and missionaries satisfaction of making our mission two Sundays of the voyage. The misthroughout the missions. The Laniers

presidents acquainted with some promisionaries were all splendid young men. Branch is the largest of all the branches

nent men who may be of some aid in I am sure they made an excellent imof the Church in South America, and is the future. pression. On the way home, on the one of the very few which owns its

It was bitter cold when we left New same ship and a sister ship, we were own place of meeting, which is a very

York harbor, with some of the water asked to conduct three more Sunday modest one. On this occasion there

pipes of the ship frozen, so I assure services, so that I began to feel that were gathered about four hundred you it was altogether agreeable, after I ought to have been put on the ship's members of the Church and friends.

a few days, to come into a warmer payroll. That hope vanished early, The hall was crowded. It had been

climate. However, we found that you however, when it was learned that we decorated with flowers and streamers,

can often get too much of a good didn't preach for hire. The captain, and presented an attractive appearance.

thing, and when we reached Rio de however, rewarded me somewhat by An elaborate program had been preJeneiro in the middle of their summer, giving me the rather rare privilege of pared, with both amateur and profescomparable to our July, in a heat wave going on the bridge of the vessel with sional talent, consisting of speeches, more intense than they had had in four an officer guide to explain the mysteries (Continued on page 766) 692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HUNGER IN THE MIDST OF PIENIT

in Conthe week. be established the of of the Church Air: BY toFriends the are churches sequently, not only secured has of men Our generation

a tremendous command over surempty, but men no longer take time rounding things and forces. Matter to commune with God, an essential

and energy have become man's abs4ohvi s(f. vvidfaoe requirement of the happy life. We are

ject servants. His mastery of the physOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE fast growing into a godless nation.

ical universe has reached heights beLikewise, in our greedy love of gold, yond the dreams of earlier days. Every advantage is taken of our neighbor

thinkable material comfort and help, whenever legally possible. Our own

including the conquest of most diseases, laws of God, determine in fact the beadvantage is our main concern. When

seems within man's reach. Man has havior and conduct of every human we give, it is because it helps us. That

become a conquering giant. The being. They determine the use a man is not the spirit of honesty. We stand

Utopias of the past, the dreams of ideal makes of any gift. It is the misuse of on the verge of becoming a dishonest

places, were trivial in material comphysical laws, in defiance of higher nation.

forts compared with our present luxlaws, which has brought into being We have forgotten the practice of urious world. cannons, bombs, torpedoes, and other family and private prayer. We have

Yet, in the midst of such plenty there devices for the destruction of human become sufficient unto ourselves, and

allowing to Thereby us God. we are happiness, to solve used, give properly for simple power hungerisger—ahunger, a worldwide, gripping hunlife. The moral laws, if sincerely and therefore have loosed the tie that binds men, and in to evil range freely among all else, connature of life's problems. in peace.culminating Above The

man is not satisfied with the multiplicity formity to them gives men conquest horror. We have lost the divine protecof inventions in our mechanicalsci- over themselves. They then dare to do tion and sweet peace and satisfactions

entific age. Fear and unhappiness are right. In short, conformity to the laws that come to a family who engage in

becoming the world's masters. The that flow from the unseen world where daily prayer.

very discoveries that have made posGod dwells, their acceptance in spirit The list of our sins is long—too long

sible the world's physical comforts, and in deed, is the cure for the world's for this talk.

have, in distorted use, produced undilemma. True, it is an ancient remedy, We know that to correct these and

speakably horrible instruother evils, to heal our sick happibring to and destruction. of Peace ments sermon world, Air"the presented as "Church Address of the

hearts, manto hungry ness war, replaced been has by Broadcasting the Columbia Station Qvev and Radio KSL spirthe to return kind must and, beastly; and bloody a.m., 8:30 3, at Mountain October Sunday, s y fold, become and itual rise in the daily, clouds war j j w*Time. Standardo* moral citizens of the worthy fear, the horizon. a result, As

chief torturing implement of kingdom. But how is it to be

evil, stalks the halls of government, but is certain to cure the soul's anxiety, done? Churches and other organizastands at household doors, and tears at But, as a nation, and as a world, we tions that try to win men to the better

every human heart. Tomorrow is no are largely ignoring these laws of wellway of life have had indifferent suclonger a hope; it has become a threat. being. We have wandered away from cess. They have been able to reach

The world is sick. the practices that form the foundation only a few.

It requires neither sage nor "elder of the happy life. We must not shy Can we not hopefully try an old

statesmen"in church or statecraft to away from the knowledge of existing type of missionary endeavor, one tell us why this condition exists. The conditions. which, unfortunately, has fallen into

marvelous gifts of the day are material For example: Happiness begins with disuse in matters of human welfare?

only. Such physical bounties do not the health of the human body, fashioned We have tried other ways and failed

produce happiness; they only contribin the image of God. Yet our bodies are Why not try this one?

ute to our ease. Material gifts, used held, today, perhaps often ignorantly, Let each follower of the moral law,

throughout the ages in the hope of in utter disregard. Not only are the the nation over, accept the duty of besatisfying man's hunger, have always general laws of health in contempt; but ing his neighbor's keeper. Let him asbeen found wanting. If true happiness at no other time in our country have sume a personal responsibility in this

could be found in material things, hunerve-whipping, destructive substances matter of curing a sick world. Let him

inanity's joy should now exceed any been used by the people so extensively constitute himself a missionary to ever known. and greatly. For this surrender to unneighbors and friends, to teach by exnatural appetites we are paying a terample and word of mouth the better

TT'O cure the world's present distemper, rible price in illness of body and mind, way of life, to persuade them that it is 'we must turn for help to the larger It is not conceivable that whiskey and the best way.

domain, of which the material is but a vodka are reasonable preparations for Under this call to world service, all faint reflection. Out of the unseen the wise consideration of matters of men of good will—in business and

professions, urgently needed today. the soof laws, a world comes body state—so

and out of the basis of covenant, the called laws, them among moral The marriage farmersorganizations—wouldand artisans, setin

Ten Commandments and the Beati- a sound society, is flagrantly forgotten, out with courage, emphasis, and steady tudes. These laws are as real and comThe mounting divorce rate has become faith to talk about and teach the eterprehensible as any physical law. If a a national disgrace. Thereby the very nal plan for human joy, and the stern

wire carrying an electric current is foundations of our nation are undernecessity of victory over self, if the placed above a mariner's compass, the mined. Immorality, with its unspeak world's sickness is to be cured.

needle swings sharply to one side, and able slime of degradation, is reaping This could be made a mass moveremains there. Just so, obedience to its harvest. ment of national and international

any of the moral laws will determine The Sabbath day, ordained by God, scope. It would flow and grow from

and hold the actions of the man under has become the main and full day of centers, such as the group listening in that law. The acceptance or rejection pleasure. In the mad rush for wealth, today. It would be doubly powerful

of these moral or spiritual laws, higher the nation will not suffer a playday (Concluded on page 765)

NOVEMBER 1948 693

Brethren, sisters and friends—those

listening here and elsewhere: I propose in the few minutes allotted to me to talk primarily to the Mormon rundamenta(

people, but I would feel complimented if any others would care to listen. It

is trite to say that the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints has many TEACHINGS characteristic teachings—those not accepted and taught by other churches

as teach of these are we them. Some

basic therefore and fundamental to of the

Mormonism, as you all know. Among

them are that Joseph Smith was the recipient of divine visions, visitations, and revelations, that the Book of Mormon is a Godgiven volume to the CHURCH world which, by reason of the miraculous way it came forth, is the most marvelous book in print today and that O oteph J/, rvlerrili OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE the Holy Priesthood—the authority to

it is that the truth. "But at delivered can Address the Saturday how given to Smith Olience Joseph and act—wasfor and in the name of Jesus Christ they the asks. doubter know?"session morning Those the 119th of the laying by ver Cowdery of hands on

if the rarely, having knowledge ever, semiannual general conferof heavenly the John messengers—first, claim they ever seen have heard or ence 2, 1948, October little Baptist, later, the and Apostles a

( the assertBut God. Smith in the Joseph boy Tabernacle Peter, Tames, and of John, members To

) he both heard. ed that saw and "Then our these are actual facts Church to

asks. they can the doubter know?"how countless which of thousands them bear

is: the teachings, might again be available to of answer by the power The fervent testimony, effect saying in they

really do know, not believe only, that Holy Ghost, as Moroni declared. (See people of our day, a new revelation

was given to necessary, and this 10:4-5.) the was it not Moroni by Was these things are true. Incidentally, may fourteenyear-old the in Smith of Joseph that Peter the Holy power Ghost testimony I say bearing of this nature

is, as you know, a characteristic pracgot his knowledge? the form of the most glorious vision

tice among us. ever given to mortal man, so far as the Since the current policy of interHPhere are avenues of getting knowlrecords indicate—a vision in which

appeared Son simultaneousseeing, other of edge than those returned missionaries viewing some by this to uneducated, backis touching. or them One of of the one General Authorities a hearing, began Fatherly—givenand

dozen years ago, I have interviewed mind and feeling. If one has a pain,

hundreds of these young people and on does he not know it? How? Through

questioning, at least ninetynine perhis feelings. If he is elated, or sad, or CONFERENCE VISITORS VIEW

cent of them readily and positively dedepressed, or hungry, does he not know clared they knew certainly that God it? It is through our feelings that much

lives and that the Church of Jesus of our knowledge comes. In his work

Christ of Latterday Saints is his of translating the Book of Mormon,

Church. Were these young people how did the Prophet Joseph Smith

telling the truth? Did they, and can know when a particular translation was

any one, positively know that God correct? By a "burning"in his bosom, lives? Multitudes of worldly people he declared—that is, by a feeling of

answer, nay. But in such a case a negperfect assurance.

ative answer has no value. All it can Many a prayer has been divinely ando is to show that the witness is withswered while the petitioner was still on

out knowledge. The testimony of a his knees. How did he know the ansingle witness who has the facts far swer came from above? By the way

outweighs the testimony of the multihe felt—the feeling of satisfaction, oftudes who have no facts. We read elation, of perfect assurance, of right

that Jesus once declared accompanying the mental impressions received. reit is well for us to But

doctrine is not mine, but his that My impressions mental member that maysent me. If any man will do his will, he shall come from two different sources—one

know of the doctrine, whether it be of from above, the other from below

God, or whether I speak of myself. (John from the Lord, or from Satan. We may

7:1617.) know the source of the impression by

the way we feel. If it is from the devil,

Further, on one occasion addressing it is never accompanied by a feeling of the question to his disciples, Jesus joyous satisfaction and positive assurasked: ance of right—a characteristic of imBut whom say ye that I am? pressions that come from the Lord.

And Simon Peter answered and said, The one who prays need not be deThou art the Christ, the Son of the living ceived by impressions that come into

God. his mind in answer to prayer. Divine

And Jesus answered and said unto him, impressions have accompanying charBlessed art thou, Barjona: Simon for acteristics of genuineness.

flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven. Yes, God does live. The Father, woods boy in order "... that I might

(Matt. 16:1517.) Son, and Holy Ghost are three separate show forth my wisdom through the

personal beings, alike in form, in whose weak things of the earth"(D. & C.

Saints The Latterday accept this image is made. that these In order man three oneand who 1 24: 1 )—a youthteaching, and multitudes truths, basic them lost among to fundamental the half years told later was a mesby

declare they know by personal experiworld through centuries of erroneous (Continued on page 764) 694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jke Jspmponanceip it./STABILITY

ovuen of the council of the twelve &j JUU &

Address delivered at the Saturday must flow unerringly from the same "Thou shalt not covet... any thing

afternoon session of the 119th acts regardless of by whom, or where, that is thy neighbour's."(Exodus

semiannual general conferor in what age of the world commit20:17.) The observance of this law

ence October 2, 1948, ted, with due allowance for the knowlwould rid the world of most of its in the Tabernacle edge and enlightenment available to strife. Out of a fairly long experience

the actors. The ultimate law by which in dealing with the disputations of

man's conduct is to be judged must be men, and the causes, I am persuaded

Constancy is a virtue of such high the same law tomorrow as today and that most of them arise out of a covetdegree that James, in his epistle to so on down through all the tomorrows. ous desire to obtain some material

the tribes of Israel, declared it to Such is our concept of the immutabilthing or to reap some advantage to be one of the distinguishing characterity of the course of God. There is which the contender is not entitled. If

istics of Deity. He wrote: something immensely solid about that everybody wanted to do what he knew

concept. It speaks of perpetuity justly, and to man, was man right—deal

Every good gift and every perfect gift gives a sense of something to to enduring be content have what and would... cometh down from the Father of lights, stand on. he justly could claim, there wouldn't

neither variableness, is no with whom litigation If applied or strife. it is much But this be not a popular idea in 1:17.) of turning. (James shadow of nations, to the there conduct would day principles when and practices and

In like vein, Paul, writing to the Heinstitutions and beliefs, grown venerbe no war. War results when one

has, nation covets another what with age, are cast aside with connation brews, says of the Lord: able

victim or seeks over dominion it. The temptuous abandon, often for no other

yesterday, its Christ the same to does not want Jesus give up either and reason than that they are old. We

for ever. 13:8.) to (Hebrews day, and or its independence. The have even invented for possession some names

"I says, designing bigger than one those am to who refuse throw overboard things, of the AlIn the very nature better bigger or you,"or a "I have the principles which lived by they have this steadfastpossess mighty must I shall equipped take so I army what flourished. and In the language the of he must comworshiped ness. be To day, by force."The other resists, and no doubt, James and Paul would want the implicit of confidence the mand war. be called reactionaries, we have antiliberals,

is abiding there an Unless worshiper. It nonprogressives. easily would to has be be commandment The tenth there integrity Deity, of faith the in demonstrable that most of the before supposcan obeyed and contention war

trust. there could But be could no be edly It progressive new and offerings principle, states cease. of a universal

the hour are in fact ageold and have true for all time; hence, it is subject

been tried and found delusive and been neither to change nor compromise.

A MONUMENT ON TEMPLE SQUARE thrown into the discard in the fardis- The same may be said of all the comtant past. Their advocates so far mandments of God. I can think of

from pointing the way to progress, are none, the keeping of which is harmthe real reactionaries, leading back to ful to the observer or any one else.

discredited failures of long ago. I On the contrary, it brings inward

have a notion that the reactionary or peace. Great stability results to inprogressive quality of a doctrine dividuals and nations from steadfast

should be determined by the soundadherence.

ness or lack of soundness of the principles it embodies and in the not by that unique book, Ruskin, its age. John for Take instance the Ten CommandArchitecture, speaks Seven Lamps of

ments. of stability as an essential quality of

They are fairly old. But which one the very buildings which we rear and

of them would you eliminate? In what which are the expression of our culdegree have the principles they lay ture:

down found their place in the laws enacted by the legislative bodies of The greatest glory of a building is not

Its its its is in in stones, glory gold. or nations? modern in in one any Would

its in of voicesense that Age, and deep all the off the world for be worse obit is stain fulness in of that golden... serving them? they violated Can be light, time, that for real to the are look we injurious without to consequences the architecture; of color, preciousness and and

violator? These are fair tests of their and it is not until a building has assumed

eternal nature. It is safe to say that this character, till it has been entrusted

the observance of them never brought with the fame, and hallowed by the deeds to the individual remorse, nor caused of men, till its walls have been witnesses its suffering, rise of pillars the of out and injury suffering or to another. the On

its existence, that death, of more shadows contrary, remorse, selfaccusation, it is lasting that natural of as the obthan sorrow, injury and to others are the it, jects of the gifted world can be around inescapable consequences vioof the these of as with so possess even much lation of most of them. language and of life.

"Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour"(Exodus Today, however, men are not build20:16) is particularly to be coming for durability either in their strucneither faith nor trust if he were inmended to our attention in these electures, their lives, their religious faiths,

constant, changeable, capricious, or tioneering times. If all the falsity and or their institutions. The result is a

unstable. One must know that he is calculated deception were squeezed troubled world. Everywhere is anxto be counted on. His promises must out of many of the speeches we listen iety and the dread arising from unbe infallibly sure of performance, and to, they could be reduced to about one certainty which halts or stays all the

the same approbation or condemnation minute's duration instead of thirty. (Continued on page 762)

NOVEMBER 1948 695 There is no other people on In her letter she told first about her imthe face of the earth, that I know pressions and feelings at the miracle

Address delivered at the Friday anything about, who have the loftyof motherhood, how she had been afternoon session of the 119th concepts of marriage and the sacredprivileged to be a participant in this semiannual general conferness of the home as do the Latterday wonderful creation. Then she wrote

ence October 1, 1948, Saints. In a revelation given in our this:

in the Tabernacle day the Lord said:

I wonder that we women are not re-... marriage is ordained of God unto quired to undergo even more than labor

man. pains to bring these little ones from anWherefore, it is lawful that he should other world into this one. It seems so

right that we through pain are forced to

Jke slipinto foranothera fewsphere,minutes,to atsortleast,of bringhalfwayour baby by the hand into this new world.

The beauty of that girl's thinking about the lofty ideals of womanhood LATTERDAY SAINT HOME and the sacred calling of the mother in the home is matched only by that

I inter- I in heard Canada when was preparyoung i5uJ r4arold 5. oLeee OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE whichviewed man a who

ing to go on a mission. I sought to find

out what his idea and standards had of the speakers this afternoon have one wife, and they twain shall be been with respect to honoring womanall flesh, that looked this the earth might hood. me unflinchingly in and one He their appreciation expressed Twohave

its creation. of (D. the end replied: answer & C. and the eye the considerafor the courtesy and

49:1516.) Saints is given tion that them by the taught has Lee, mother Brother me my unmistakable however, assignThere are, out Church on as they move her rear can mother that a my life that the same evidences misstakes and the throughout ments it plus a takes a mother dangers that daughter,all but

sions of the Church. I have likewise in are abroad are among us and are seekgood pure girl in order to rear her son

my heart an appreciation for that serving to destroy this Godgiven instituproperly.

ice. Not the least of the compensations tion, the home. Many there are who

that come to me from my present aphave given counsel in the scientific I am reminded of the remark of a pointment is the fact that wherever I fields, relating to family life, but largeyoung man to his sweetheart and her am sent under such conditions, during ly have their findings about the homes reply, when he planned to postpone that period of service, I am visiting in the modern day been taken from their marriage because of finances. He

with and laboring with the finest peobroken and unhappy homes. It has said to her somewhat facetiously: "I

ple in the community and the finest been my privilege to visit, with the think probably all I can promise you people in the world. others of the General Authorities, regis a sagebrush home in Idaho,"and

It is about some of the observations ularly in the finest homes of our peoshe replied: "Well, that is fine, then if

that I have made while thus privileged ple, and it is from those visits that I we ever get anything, it will belong that I would like to speak for a few have gleaned some things that I should to both of us and not just you."

moments, and time is too short to go like to mention to you, suggestive of I am thinking of that mother blessed into much detail, but merely to menthe elements that build for strength with a family of girls who kneeled tion a few of those observations. and happiness in the home. down each night and prayed God that

Elder Moyle has called our attenIf I were to name the first thing that {Continued on page 761) tion to some of the tragic things that impresses me always in these fine Latwarn us that there are dangers conter-day Saint homes, I would say it fronting our homes. The increase of was a love for and a desire for chilcrime and the increase of divorce, the dren. These are homes where the

increase of juvenile delinquency, all having of children was not delayed indicate that there is a weakening of because of some social or educational the good influence of the family home, or financial objective, and where the and an increase in the dangers that size of the families has not been limthreaten to destroy it. From the stress ited by the practice of birth control.

laid that the subject been has upon read years ago I some statistics of A few marriage, in the not only and home

States the taken United from in scriptures, also conferences but our from time to time, it would appear that Census Bureau which indicated that it has always been considered fundaout of 180,000 divorces for that given mental to the establishment of a strong year, 57 percent were in homes where religious life and the building of the there were no children, 21.2 percent

child; there only and one where was that the kingdom people of our homes

in families children, five or with more safeguarded held be marriage and be all the divorces ranged from none way sacred.

is to percent. Clearly of one only.7 first that In the permarriage was

it parental that evident love and onethis formed earth, the upon Lord made four significant declarations. First, that ness that come from planned parentit was not good for man to be alone; hood is a safe and sure guarantee to

happiness of the home. second, to be the formed was that woman

privileged to Sometime ago I was third, that they a help meet for man;

that influence the something about hear flesh; twain should and of one be

in of these one from homes come had fourth, father that leave should man letter written that lovely a a by was his wife. cleave unto and and mother

just birth to given daughter had who later time a reinforced the At Lord first In early the of hours baby. her that saying: by

the the come, morning and had baby... What therefore God hath joined late in the afternoon she was in a retogether, let not man put asunder. (Matt. flective mood; in this reflective mood

19:6.) she had written home to her family.

Address delivered at the Saturday afternoon session of the 1 19th semiannual general conference October 2, 1948,RESPONSIBILITIES in the Tabernacle [Y beloved brethren and sisters: or me

This is an inspiring but sobering experience. I pray for the inPRIESTHOODspirationM of heaven and for your faith

and prayers as I attempt to speak to briefly this afternoon.you if weI arewonder,fully i5u (L-zra Jaft Osen,5on return I never from visiting one of myis thebrethrensin ofandingratitude.sisters,

the great missions of the Church, as I grateful for all that we enjoy. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

did this week, or return from visiting One of the distinguishing features, a stake of Zion, but what my heart and a very important feature, of the is filled with gratitude as I note the true church of Christ is its but as I sat here the other night and devotion, the loyalty, and the faith of priesthood, the authority of God. It contemplated our blessings as we listhe Latterday Saints. As I witness is widely distributed among the male tened to the other distinguished visitor,

the growth of the work of the Lord membership of the Church, boys and I wondered how men of the priesthood in various parts of the world, my heart men, fathers and sons, and its blessregard their priesthood in comparison rejoices. With you, my brethren and ings are shared by our mothers, with the honors of men, political and

sisters, I love this great latterday daughters and wives. Do we fully otherwise. Is the wealth of the world

work. I am wondering today if we understand and appreciate what it or the honors of men to be compared

fully appreciate what we have. means to us? What is it and what is with the priesthood of God?

I have sometimes said to my wife, its significance to those of us who I realize it comes easy. Our boys

as I returned from visiting in the stakes, have been blessed with it? twelve years of age, if worthy, receive

that I do not know exactly what heavPresident Joseph F. Smith said: the Holy Priesthood by the laying on

en is going to be like, but I could ask of hands, and our young men are hardnothing finer over there than to have [The priesthood] is nothing more nor ly more than boys when at nineteen the pleasure and joy of associating less than the power of God delegated to they receive the holy Melchizedek which in act by can earth the man authority to officiate the Priesthood, the I man of typewith and men women for the salvation of the family, human ordinances sacred the in in most in known leadership the of themeet stakes the of the Father name of the and Son if will, priesthood they to man. This of the wards Zion missionsand and of the and Ghost, Holy legitimateact and entitle to eventually are worthy, them earth. theof richly are Truly we ly; not assuming that authority, nor borcelestial in of the a place God. kingdomblessed. President continually Smith it rowing from generations that are dead

calls our attention to the rich treasand gone, but authority that has been giv- I have been amazed at the great numures of heaven that come to us as en in this day in which we live by minber of men and boys in the Church

Latterday Saints, members of the true istering angels and spirits from above, diwho hold this great authority and who church of Christ. It is about one of rect from the presence of Almighty God have in their hands this great blessing,

if of it. take they will only advantage blessingsthese that I should like to....139140.)(Gospel Doctrine 1939 edition, pp.

I figures recently briefly thisrefer to checked afternoon. a few

The Prophet Joseph said many years President Taylor said: which indicate that we have approxin the imately and 280,140 boys men sins of the greatest for oneago that [Priesthood] is of the power deleGod the priesthood. hold Church who the Latterday Saints arewhich guilty gated to intelligences in the heavens hold are the Meland There who to the earth. men on (The Gospel Kingin chizedek Priesthood—elders146,330 dom, p. 129.) Church—who are candidates for thethe

So priesthood transcends this mortal celestial kingdom. We have 133,810

life. Its power and greatness has been boys who have been blessed with this

referred to by prophets, modern and great privilege of serving in the name ancient. In my own heart I can conof the Master.

ceive of nothing greater that man can What is the obligation of the priestpossess than the priesthood of God, hood bearer? We have been referred

coupled with a burning testimony of to as the greatest body of men on the the divinity of this work. The two face of the earth. Of course the fact

should always be coupled together. that we possess the priesthood, is no

Priesthood is the very heart of the assurance of our exaltation. But cerChurch. We may have the priesttainly in terms of power, prerogative,

hood without the Church, but never and responsibility no group of men in the Church without the priesthood. all the world has been blessed with

such obligations and opportunities as

There are many gifts that we enjoy has the body of men and boys in the as members of the Church, but I Church who hold the priesthood.

can think of none greater than the gift I have been impressed, too, my of the Holy Priesthood, the authority brethren and sisters, that probably noto represent God in the earth. This where in all the world can we find a

priesthood is destined to build and group of men who give so unselfishly exalt men as well as to assist the Lord of their time, their means, and their in the promotion of his great work talents to the promotion of good and in saving and exalting the souls of righteousness in the world as does this men. body of men. I marvel as I witness

In recent weeks, in fact, within the the great voluntary service which is last few days, there have come into carried forward by this body of priestthis building two distinguished Amerihood, and always in the back of my cans, one of them the President of the head, as I give encouragement to greatUnited States. I was not able to ater activity, is the assurance that this

tend the meeting at which he spoke, (Continued on page 760) hood; there would be more spirituality.

Every one of you desires to know the mind of the leaders of the Church, Builders of the advice of the First Presidency.

We do not often come into their presence. We do not often have the opportunity of hearing what they have

to say. But every one of you may feel FAITH their influence and receive the messages they have to give if you will

am very grateful, my brothers and take the periodicals of the Church and those messages. read sisters, for the that has emphasis. Wark Peterden

in this in & placed, session and beenI TWELVE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE this conference, Dresident the youth Smith is widely loved. whole upon

of the Church. With you I love the When he goes to speak in a meetyouth with all my soul, and I desire inghouse, the building is overflowing

with all my heart that they may love organizations and sustaining its instituwith people. You love him because

the truth and live it that they may be tions that we work out our salvation of his love for humanity. You love

saved here in the earth. There is here in the earth. him for what he tells you and the

nothing that I shall ask more of life As we choose those things which spirit and the influence he carries with than that my children shall love the shall become a part of our daily lives, him. But you cannot be in his presence

gospel and serve the Lord, and I know let us remember that there is an opevery day, nor every month. But

that there is nothing more that you will position in all things. We have our President Smith is the editor of The

ask in behalf of yourselves. free agency, as Elder Moyle taught us. Improvement Era, and every month

Yesterday as I listened to Elder We have our right there is an editoIf choice. in of rial from him we his deliver in masterfulBowen way the at delivered Address certain Improvestability, choosethat great address on Sunday The my session the 119th morning of in life, they things which Era, ment I to a funeral servicemind had went general semiannual conferwill us drag and do would down you previously. just Inattended servthat 3, ence 1948, October

family to sepayour and tend muchice Saint lovely a Latterday I saw close in the Tabernacle us from good if you would in grief. their ratefamily bowed down One of

members had been taken away. She affiliation with the read it. I wouldn't

had died in faith. The other members Church. Such things become barriers for anything pass by that Era every

of the family, surrounding that casket, between us and our life's great objecmonth. I love it, and 1 love the messages

also were filled with faith, and that tive. On the other hand, if we choose it carries. I wouldn't for anything miss

blow of death which had struck in those things which will bring us closer the editorials that appear there under that home was greatly softened beto the Church, we will live the gospel the name of the President of this cause of the faith that those people better, and we will be better Latter- (Continued on page 758) had, the knowledge and the testimony day Saints. Every day we must make

concerning immortality and what the decisions affecting our lives. Some of

gospel does for us. I saw sitting in the those decisions may seem small, but

audience a direct contrast to the scene nevertheless they affect our thinking around that casket, for there I saw and either bring us nearer to God or two men who had once been faithful help to remove us farther away.

in the Church, men who had had the pearl of great price within their own /""\ne of the men who has influenced then, because lovedhands, they and I life for good and to whom my they thanworldliness loved more of gratitude debt is one a great spirowe theirituality, for birthright sold they bishops, former of C. Duncan John my

their pottage. of gavea mess up They in Salt First here the Lake of Ward

in the loved Church.membership They I his of that because love City. man

light, thandarkness they loved more stability. to great measures up He

this faithat sat looking there theyand talking about Elder what was Bowen

Iful family. oh, thought, con- a what I his teachings so yesterday. remember

trast! in stability their charOn, what still

acters them! might have done for Oh, well.is, a greatHe alwaysadvocatehasofbeen,good andreading

if in position the could been they have that habits. told us has always He

faithful ones those thoughof who, helps to us read what make what we one, the at a passing of lovedmourning afread are. Naturally, what we we

faithful true and andhad remained thinkthinking, a fects as our and man stable in the faith. Had they really eth in his heart, so is he. Bishop Dunappreciated their membership in the can has always taught us that we

Church? should read the periodicals of the

Our main object in life is to be good Church, because of the wholesome inLatter-day Saints. To be good Latterfluence those periodicals have in our

day Saints means that we work out lives.

our salvation here in the earth, through There are, I suppose, about a quarthe facilities of the Church, and teach ter of a million Latterday Saint our children to do likewise. In order homes. Every one of those homes

objective that obtainto must we if the people be a better home so would affairs everything thatplan our do we there read study and would who live goal.in life nearer that will bring us

that cardigest are the messages and life those things choose must fromWe periodicals the of Church. ried in the will thoughts so affect ourwhich and

habits as to bring us nearer the Church, There would be in them a greater into closer harmony with it and its prorespect for virtue, better observance of gram. It is by cooperating with the the high standards of the Church; there

Church and its program, laboring in its would be greater love and brother698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Address delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the 119th semiannual general conference October 3, 1948, AMONG THE in the Tabernacle

Ty brothers and sisters, it is good to be back from wandering to and POLYNESIANS fro in the earth. I have longM"

inspiration general theneeded of a Dm re/attkevu Lovutet disconference, been I have not and appointed. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

When we sustained this day, as the custodians of the kingdom, the men and women whose names were read, would lay their hands upon the sick, delivered my first sermon in the Maori

I was convinced within my heart that and they would be healed. About these language. They do speak with new

as long as men and women such as two signs I would like to speak for tongues, those who accept the call to these are the custodians of the kingjust a moment while I visit with you. the ministry of our Lord and Savior

dom, the ordinances will never be On Friday evening I attended the Jesus Christ.

changed, and the everlasting covereunion of the New Zealand mission- I have seen young missionaries in nants will never be broken. ary society, and as I stood before that Samoa and in Tonga and in New ZeaIt is my privilege to serve as a misgroup I could see more men who could land and in Hawaii who, within six

sionary in some of the farflung areas of speak the Maori language of New Zeamonths'time, could deliver sermons in the earth and in the islands of the sea. I land than there are among the million the languages of the people among

residing people half white they were and a men in whom last of the reminded commissionam laboring—young the native and young Zealand speak women who did not have who can to his disciples New gave the Masterwhich

and said unto them: language of their native people. much scholastic training before they

I attended the Tahitian missionary were called into the mission fields, but

Go ye into all the world, and preach reunion, and I am sure that the same these young men and women, placed in the gospel to every creature. could be said of those men at that rethe hands of God, and molded like clay

He that believeth and is baptized shall be union. I believe there are here in this in the hands of the potter, received the

saved; he that and gifts believeth not shall be city promised. which can speak they had been more white men who

16:15.)damned. (Mark occasion than there language are a shoemaker on one the Hawaiian I had

And certain signs were to follow in all the islands of Hawaii. I am sure down in New Zealand say to me, "Oh,

those who believed. Among those that there are more white people here you Mormon missionaries think you

signs were these, that they should who speak the Samoan language than are smart. You come out here and

speak with new tongues, that they there are among the white residents of learn to speak the Maori language in

Samoa, and the same is true of the two or three years."He said: "I was

other islands of the Pacific. only here six weeks, and I could say

They do speak with new languages, "Kaore an moriorio ki re korio Maori,"my brothers and sisters, when they acwhich means absolutely nothing in the cept the call to go into the world to Maori language. What he was trying

preach the gospel to all creatures. to say was that he did not know how

to speak the Maori language, and he

T am reminded of President McKay's did not. I saw him three or four

beautiful tribute to youth, the conyears later, and he was still trying to fidence he has in youth. I am personalsay he did not know how to speak the

ly grateful for the confidence this Maori language.

Church had in me in my extreme youth. I have seen our young men in

I was just turning seventeen when I Hawaii, in the Central Pacific Mission, was called to go to New Zealand as a learn to teach the gospel in Japanese.

missionary. My first appointment there

was to a little place called Judea, a "Drothers and sisters, with the reswonderful place to go, for a young mis- *"'toration of this gospel came the sionary. At the first meeting I attended reiteration of Christ's commission:

in Judea, I could not understand the "... these signs shall follow them that

words that were being said, and after believe."(D. & C. 84:65.) There is

the meeting a sister who could speak no question about it in my mind. "Lay

English said to me: "Do you know your hands upon the sick, and they

what they said in there, and what they shall recover."(Ibid., 66:9,)

did?"I said: "I could not understand In Tonga last year there came to the

a word."mission home a couple who had been

She said: "Well, you were called married for twentyseven years, and

and sustained as the secretary of the they had never been blessed with chilRelief Society of the Judea Branch."dren. This couple wanted to have

I made up my mind right there and children, and so they requested us to then that the Relief Society was not lay our hands upon them and bless going to take any liberty with my time them that they might have children.

as a missionary, without my knowing And so President Huntsman and I laid something about it; and so I determined our hands upon that couple, and we

to get the gift of the Maori language, blessed them. They had the gift of beeven if I had to work for it, and I did ing healed. They had the gift of rehave to work for it. ceiving these blessings.

I studied eleven hours every day for When my wife and I visited Tonga, several weeks. I read the Book of I think it was last May, the child had

Mormon in Maori, and my studies been born.

were punctuated with fasting and with Last year I went from Tonga to prayer; and on my twelfth Sunday I (Continued on page 756)

NOVEMBER 1948 699 RESPONSIBILITIES

"Y brethren and sisters, it is with BY humility that I seek the sustainOF PARENTS ing influence of your faith andprayersM while I endeavor to fill this of Jesus—and in the midst of all this, the Menm CJJ. tv/oute

fast responsibility. of J important day approachingmost the Lord when

OF THE TWELVE; those none except the OF THE COUNCIL who since this call have won been impressed, I have

came to me, with the fact that it is very wedding garment will be permitted to eat in drink of and presence the the Bridethe children for of oureasy Heavenly the delivered Friday Address at groom, Prince the of Peace! (Teachings

in lives, their to followFather, session 119th afternoon the Prophet Smith, p. the of Joseph 47.) of the

will and the ways of the masses. There semiannual general conferseems to be something that naturally Tn thus enumerating the crimes of ence October 1, 1948,

attracts us in our weakness to go with which the world would, in the fuin the Tabernacle the ways of the world. In so doing we ture, be guilty, the Prophet Joseph evisightlose the of the fact that of one his true prophetic denced nature—the giftsgreatest us is our bestowed upon possessed, he given him any less degree of affection existing which power

own free agency, and that free agency from on high to see into the future, for between us, as we grow to maturity, of ours should compel us to make our I warrant that in the days of the for our parents, than that which existed own decisions, to exercise our own Prophet no one realized the extent to in the days of our childhood and our judgment, to know where we are gowhich the people of the world, would youth. If we find the slightest differing, and to know the means by which lose their, "natural affection,"in the ence, if we find that there has been

we expect to arrive at our destination. years to come. Today there seems to any loss of affection, then we should

There is so much that could be said upon this subject because, unwittingly, it would seem that so many of us are

Wesacrificingare so thisimbuedrightwithof thefree ideaagency.that

we must do as the world does, be one with our neighbors regardless of what their ideals and ambitions may be, that we are unwittingly forfeiting the right to make our own judgments and our own decisions.

There are few of us who, if we were to take a trip, would not give some concern to the vehicle in which we would travel, the road along which we would walk or go, and the goal we would seek as a destination.

Now all of these things seem commonplace to us in our everyday life, but when it comes to knowing where we are going, so far as life is concerned, where our goal is, the objective of our creation, the fulfilling of our purposes here upon this earth, we seem to be very easily sidetracked.

I was very much impressed in reading recently a statement of the Prophet

Joseph Smith. He said:

Consider for a moment, brethren, the fulfilment of the words of the prophet; for

we behold that darkness covers the earth, and gross darkness the minds of the inhabitants thereof—that crimes of every—Photograph, Harold M. Lambert

description are increasing among men vices of great enormity are practiced—the

rising generation in the fulbe a greater urge to destroy this "natexamine our lives carefully to ascertain growing up ness of pride and arrogance—the aged ural affection"than to commit any what we can do to bring about its

losing every sense of conviction and other offense of comparable enormity. restoration. Of all the people upon

banishingseemingly of thought a last people this should be the part, for conare not the most earth we We retribution ofday im-—everyintemperance, the of accepting any consider at scious to agencies the existence of of

morality, pride, extravagance, of blindness matter the world, philosophies result of this no as in midst with our workheart, idolatry, the loss affecof naturaltion; the love of this world, and indiffertheir purpose. We are losing one of what the prize attached thereto might

ence toward the things of eternity increasour most precious prizes which manbe, if so to do would be to withdraw ing among those who profess a belief in kind can hold on to if they will. from that close affinity and affection

the religion of heaven, and infidelity Certainly natural affection is somewhich must exist between father and spreading itself in consequence of the thing that was bestowed upon us at son and mother and daughter if we are giving themselves to up comexistence realize mortal our birth.same—men here in to of love abundance had an We acts foulestmit of the kind, of deeds and full creation. of our purpose the parents. at that child time for our Thethe blackest dye, blaspheming, defrauding,

its loves to mother. It are brought is a serious matter and one to me Weblasting the reputation of stealneighbors,

ing, robbing, murdering, advocating error a time in our lives, in the history of which has been brought close to my and opposing the truth, forsaking the this world, today, when we should heart, because of my work in our welcovenant of heaven, and denying the faith begin to inquire as to whether there is (Contintted on page 753) 700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jror tk16, we tawe THANKS

an OSrentnaiiDOusuallyyou feeldo.strong?They Youngusuallypeoplefeel &t strong physically—full of ambition

and "zip."And they almost always

feel strong about temptation—before—politics, religion, the draft—or anyand recognize evil in whatever guisethey actually face temptation. thing else—and not find yourself it appears. It's good to have evil prick

Many young people have said to me, swinging a little first to one side and and shock us into fighting or shunning "Why do older people worry about then to the other. And I believe this it. It's good to hate evil, to make no

us? There is no need. We are staunch. must be so in order to bring us to macompromises with evil, to be intolerant

Take the movies, for instance. We're ture convictions. of evil.

so used to them that they don't mean Tolerance is a wonderful thing. If it

a thing to us."Dooks and movies may not influence were not for the principle of tolerance,

Boys say, "Our parents seem to think our immediate actions. But they we would all be in continual personal

that because the movies make drinking are sure to affect our thoughts and struggles to work our individual wills look smart, we are going to drink; or feelings. And for longrange effects on each other. We would all be setthat because our favorite movie hero nothing is more powerful than thought. ting ourselves up as judges and jurors.

smokes, we will smoke. Certainly we If our thinking and feeling become imCharity and love and liberty would be

are not going to drink and smoke just moral or even unmoral, our actions defeated in the world. But tolerance

because of the movies. They don't may become so too. If buried in our was meant to influence human relations

affect us."heart, for instance, is the idea that it is—to give mankind freedom of soul. It

And the girls say, "We're not going a little bit smart and gay to smoke and was not meant to turn into acceptance.

to covet that gorgeous, strapless evedrink, (even though we do not smoke It was not meant to make you the vicning dress because some starlet looks nor drink now because we know it to tim of group pressure. It was not meant

dreamy in it. We're not affected."

Maybe not.

Young people sometimes say to me, "I can read the hottest modern novel, TALK IT OVER and my pulse will not increase onebeat."Or, "I can kiss my girl good M

night in the best romantic style and be thoroughly unsound) we may weakto put doubt of virtue into the heart of stop right there. I'm strong."en at the exact, strategic moment when, the individual. It was not meant to efreason, to fect for some want be conpersonal we compromises evil with it's I think so. Nevertheless, Maybe and smart than gay more to dilute truth. it! we and Watch call the insurance a sidered people wouldwhat

to arid considered steadbe want wise It actrisk."of the reminds"poor me Tt been said that has it! fast. everyone needs Watch feel like didn't that to said heor who to someone keep at his him best. Physical us. frightens poison The it forecast usually confident, a poortoo of us Most that have someone. Most effect of a of "touch ptomaine"sends feel Frequentlyperformance. when we of us can that be someone to another us for running antihelp medical or really the strongest, are weakthe we if will. we in As grow we years and dotes. protect even ourmay kill."just for theest. "fattened We We're abilities, different individuals exmay selves flurry small from of dust a in affects us everything Actually, ert this in lives. power our it First, holding a handkerchief by our over everymeet; everyonesome way: we be a parent may or a teacher sees who face. nothing But about a do we hear, see,thing everything read; we we exceptional possibilities in us enand debilitating poisonous thought or emosmell.feel, touch, Our courages to us effort. taste—even unusual it Later, It tion. doesn't give even us mental purfor good a insuresenses be this—and a brother may or a grandmother; if its nausea, though, could reckon we "sensitive"are reasonpose. we The still later, and girl a or friend. boy But final result, souls our whole would I see affected.is can will no be so we can you sure be that this whatever rethis alerted insidiagainst be slow and is if life nothing in supposedpurpose is, lationship it is a good this force. nonetheless but violent ous Unone—if I is us. deeverything think affectto miracle happens to It you. is one of fortunately the cannot end, know we us, everything affect to andsigned the surest measures of are so and calm and complacent we friendship—onedoes. of the best tests love. of it! strength. of our proud and Watch affectever you Really Books can something work of the now—aren't evil people of young speak When friends? pictures, music, books, Ied by same magic. a know of sixty woman I affecting them, not they imagine what the exactly friends. you still AreConsider reads Little who when she Women is evil that afnot does mean always that you with Jones person Marysame to wants a right "renew spirit"within It evilly. I fect doesn't them always. Doesn't I her.are Mary with Adams? Jane a know turns man to who in a reared a know was man who home feel and gay youmake Hamlet he when needs to straightbe witty—stimulatfather the the of household where was don't you up"? And "keyed and in eneded his out thinking. old cusThe nearly drunk. always enFar from with things"Jane? "deepertalk You of of reading tom the scriptures regularly drink, this couraging lad the to fact but of them, youlike both enjoy at is and bedtime a It one. good serves as revulsion a feeling of such gave him both, are with the exactly sameare not an endof-theday for compass soul. the

it that liquor against lifetime insured fact, this one on Commentingyou? term The environment covers a wide it abstinence. affect did But him. That reason""forgirl that some told if area, me but these dominant influences this in affected he was due was way the bring to out"Bill"seemed in always lives our are good, a have we good to dominantly counteracting forcgood I her. in not been had Aleck""smart environment no matter what our defiin his es environment. the "smart of she that any had nitionaware of the word. if our enAnd

evil ceases to affect are manysided in her, but WheneverAleck"we us, it vironment is genuinely good, we are are young, is have so hardcreatures, become and because we when we likely to love good. In that case we

calloused and batteredespecially, we do not "tolerate"evil well. it—so find We

us eithgood cannot reach or another.on one side ourselves allergic to the are easily influenced down—thatened to thought of imFriends are not the only influences. er. It's good to be affected by the unmorality, and we may break out into a

You are unusual if you can read two avoidable evil that may come our way sort of mental rash whenever we're for are affected diametrically good. by it presentingarticles we differ-—if coated as It's introduced to evil—chocolate to that so sensitive be good on any one subject of viewent points know we (Concluded on page 719)

NOVEMBER 1948 701

BY Veack U.*, CHILDREN

(L-ldred L/. J>mltk

it for granted that bePATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH PriSchool, SundayWhilebrothersI standand sisters,before I you,sense mymy mustcause nottheytakeattend weakness, and ask, with humility, mary, and M.I.A., our responsibility is

for your faith and prayers in my beended. It isn't; it is only begun. It is

half. I am indeed grateful to the Lord in the home that the real training is Address delivered at the Saturday

for his many blessings to me, the greatgiven. From infancy on, we exert an afternoon session of the 1 19th

est, of course, being the gospel and the influence which will direct our chilsemi-annual general conferknowledge of its divinity. The most dren's lives. We mustn't be too busy ence October 2, 1948,

cherished blessing of the gospel is the to answer questions or explain the prinin the Tabernacle opportunity it gives us to continue ciples of the gospel. When the child

throughout all eternity the family asks, is the time to answer, or promise ties made on earth. Can there be a time when we will answer and then have had several young men say to me,

anything greater or more farreaching? keep our promise. "My parents never taught any of their

Is there any greater joy that can come I have fond memories of the home children the laws of chastity,"and their than that which comes from unselfish of my youth, where many times, many parents were members of the Church.

love for others, the love of a good wife evenings, we have gathered together As parents, would you like to have and husband, united together in holy that to answer for? Scarcely a day

matrimony, the love for our children? passes that I do not have someone

Is there anything which makes a man come to see me who is having family feel more like bursting his shirt buttons trouble. The situations vary, but they

off in pride and happiness than the are all very real. They usually have one

first time he picks up his own child; situation in common: they are not

or brings the mother more sheer joy married in the temple, and they do not than when her first child is placed in provide adequate teaching for the chilher arms? dren. Perhaps the fault is not all theirs.

Yet too many of us are willing to Perhaps they in turn did not learn from give up all these joys of family ties their parents, but they are suffering when death comes, and come it will, to for the need of the blessings of the separate us. If we do not obey God's Lord, and their children are suffering.

laws of celestial marriage, we cannot hope to continue as a family unit with 'T'here are some Latterday Saints father, mother, children, grandchildren, who are successful in converting and so on down the line. Death is a their companions after marriage. Don't

sad enough separation at best, even expect this to happen to you. In most

when we know it is only for a short of these cases those concerned are martime, but to have no certainty of a furied before they know or understand ture union, that would be darkness inthe laws of temple marriage. Teach

deed. your children that if they do not love

eternity, they for married enough to be has us he has been so kind to God at all. After married one should not be of us given promise the wonderful

eternal progression in our family units, is given the knowledge of temple marriage, the that so Lord he knows how if it is will his laws; yet but obey we

to in be, then intended marriage and attento constantly being brought my deliberatethat spite he of knowledge the tion that of Church members many it is like closing contrary, the ly does full their taking of are not advantage blessings.—Photograph by Elizabeth R. Hibbs door in the Lord's face and saying, "I

don't need your help; I'll get along

afford try to We can't help. Lord'sHPemple marriage is an ideal which around the fireplace after dinner and towithoutget alongyou."without the

in should our be upheld homes studied the scriptures. taken have We is rate the divorce wonder much No earliest infancy. that think from Don't turns there other, to reading each and for for married lower those are who

is to child understand. a too young of principles of the You many we learned for eternity time those than and who

his at surprised be comprehenwould the doctrines gospel have and which only have a civil church or ordinary sion. A small sevenyear-old boy was helped us as a family; and I think my wedding. The Lord will help them to

being at school teased one day; sisters his brothers the same, can and say if their will differences, they overcome

little friends certain that saying their a were as experiences, mine, with have If fully let him. understood more we

littlegirl his sweetheart. boy's life helped was us stay in our The to paths of the significance of celestial marriage,

answer was, "Oh, she couldn't be my true to the gospel, regardless of what there would be no such thing as divorce sweetheart; she isn't even a Mormon."may have come to us. among our people.

in train child Truly, the a he children misare entitled to our way Our In the Doctrine the and Covenants, is old, go, efforts should and he will he sionary else when more than anyone the following Lord makes promise:

it.not in depart from aren't the world. a with born They

We have had too many cases in the knowledge of the gospel, just because And again, verily I say unto you, if a

Church (and if we have had one, that we are good Latterday Saints. In man marry a wife by my word, which is

is too many), where the parents have section 68, verse 28, of the Doctrine my law, and by the new and everlasting* been active in Church work and and Covenants the Lord says: covenant, and it is sealed unto them by the

thought that as a result of their Church Holy Spirit of promise, by him who is they [parents] shall also teach their And anointed, unto this appointed I have whom activities, care of the Lord would to children pray, uprightly beand to walk the power and keys this priesthood; and their for children often them. too Wetake fore it Lord. the shall said shall unto be come ofthem—Ye to forget children that be have our first forth in the if it resurrection; and be

taught the gospel, as well as anyone Parents, this is your responsibility, after the first resurrection, in the next reselse. It is as much our responsibility, not that of the Sunday School or the urrection; and shall inherit thrones, kingas parents, to teach the gospel to our M.I.A. They are willing to help, but doms, principalities, and powers, dominions,,

children as it is to live it ourselves. We it is you who shall have to answer. I {Concluded on page 752

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "and ye shall bear RECORD"anon assistant to the council of the twelve &y c&omneu

Address delivered at the Saturday Parley P. Pratt was instructed to go the Prophet Joseph Smith. Their eyes

morning session of the 119th to Toronto. He was told that he would would fill with tears as they expressed

semiannual general confer-'there find people waiting for him who their appreciation to their Heavenly ence October 2, 1948, would receive the gospel, and that from Father, to you their parents, and to in the Tabernacle there the gospel would spread into others of their loved ones, who are

England where a great work would be making it possible for them to fulfil done. You know how he found Presitheir missions.

would like to ask each of you to dent John Taylor, the Fieldings, and It was inspiring to see these young offer a silent prayer on your own others, and how from correspondence missionaries—who a few months ago

I behalf that while I speak you may that went out from that place the were, to a large extent, irresponsible,enjoy the spirit of the Holy Ghost and ground was laid for the opening of the carefree boys and girls—watching the

that I, too, may enjoy it, that we may great British Mission. doors of the meetinghouses as the time

thereby all be edified. In August of the next year, 1837, the for meeting approached. As their conLike some of the other brethren, I Prophet Joseph Smith with Sidney tacts arrived, they gathered them tohave just returned from visiting one of Rigdon and Thomas B. Marsh, then gether, shepherded them to seats near

the missions, the Canadian Mission. president of the Twelve Apostles, the front, and proudly and tenderly sat

President Eyre, with the able support visited Toronto. Riding in a carriage down in the midst of them.

of his good wife, is doing a good work. and holding evening meetings by canAt the conferences there were in atWhile there, I was impressed as I dlelight, they visited the churches. tendance in every one of the general

think one might be who was watching Elder Taylor accompanied them. "This meetings from seven to twenty non-

a great experiment, an experiment in was as great a treat to me as I ever member friends of the missionaries who which it was being determined what enjoyed,"he said. "I had daily opwere interested in the gospel. Some of

the power of the gospel of Jesus Christ portunity of conversing with them, of them came as far as three hundred can do to the changing of the lives of listening to their instructions, and in miles to attend the meeting—of course,

men and women. The experiences of participating in the rich stores of insome of the Saints came much longer

that visit are still upon my mind. telligence that flowed continually from distances—and they all said it was

I was reminded of some of the the Prophet Joseph."worth it. As the gospel has affected the

events which took place there during As we traveled through the mission, lives of the missionaries in this great the early rise of this kingdom in these latterdays. The Prophet Joseph

Smith, with Sidney Rigdon, was in

Brantford, Ontario, in 1833. They

went there following receipt of the revelation we know as the one hundredth section of the Doctrine and

Covenants, in which the Lord had shown unto them great mercy and consideration in advising them that their families were well. They had been

separated from their families for some time and were concerned about them.

While in Canada, they experienced the fulfilment of the promise the Lord made in that revelation, that an effectual door would be opened for them in the land roundabout. At Mount Pleasant and Brantford, some sixteen or

eighteen people joined the Church. The

promise that the Holy Ghost would bear record of the truthfulness of what the brethren said was there fulfilled. Of

one meeting the Prophet said: Visitors on Temple Square being conducted through the grounds by a guide, Alfred M. Durham

Elder Rigdon preached to a large congregation... and I bore record while the

Lord gave his spirit in a remarkable manner. it seemed to me that the spirit which work, so has it affected the lives of the

accompanied these early brethren in members and the investigators. When

Toward the people the Prophet evitheir missionary labors was still to be they truly accept the gospel of Jesus denced the same kind feelings that the found among the people in that goodly Christ, they have a completely new

Lord had shown to him and Sidney outlook on life.

Rigdon. Of them he makes entries in land.We could feel it among the missionAfter the meetings they are loath to

his journal, such as, "The people were aries as we shook hands with them leave the premises. They stand around

very tender and inquiring."And again, and conversed with them and heard for a long time. Of course that is char-

"O God, seal our testimony to their them make their reports. The power acteristic of all Latterday Saint gathhearts."of the gospel operating upon them is erings. Speaking to one of the noneffecting a marvelous transformation members after he had been there an

'V'ou are all acquainted with the fact in their lives. In the missionary meethour, he said to me: "Well, since the

1 that in 1836 Parley P. Pratt went ings they bore eloquent testimony of meeting I have shaken hands with that

to Canada following a great prophecy the truthfulness of the gospel of Jesus young missionary over there four times.

uttered by Heber C. Kimball, in which Christ and of its restoration through (Continued on page 749)

NOVEMBER 1948 703

Be Builders, not Wreckers

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Dm Uhomas O. rv(cJ\ay

the at Saturday delivered Clark, Address President Smith,President 119th the session morning of and President President McKay,

Richards, and brethren and sisters, semiannual general confermay I join with some of the other ence October 2. 1948,

speakers who have preceded me in exin the Tabernacle pressing sincere appreciation for my membership in the Church and for the gospel of Jesus Christ as revealed to Speaking first of the ward units in day. our Smith Joseph Prophetthe Total gospel the for thankful especiallyI am Offices to be filled from

opportunities of the manybecause 257 membership it ward has given me and is giving me to work. (average ward mem-

I think work is one of the greatest bership 665) blessings a kind Heavenly Father can Number of wards and in branches dependent children. his uponbestow

364,683 1,419 stakes lines about following the I quote 256 Offices by stakes

It unknown.""Author signedwork, stake (average memstarts out by asking the question, bership 5,300)

"Who am IT Number of stakes 172 44,032

Estimated offices in misWho Am I? sionssionariesincluding mis60,000

officers General Church all prosperity. of I the foundation am ( including general flow. blessings all which that from I am boards and mission in this world is of value that Everything 400 presidencies)

springs from me.

its life savor. gives that salt I the am Total Church offices to the poor. of sole support the I am 469,115 be filled they think can do rich the who And

without me live futile lives—fill premature There is no other organization in thegraves.

I have made America. world comparable to the organization

I have built her matchless industries, in our Church. Then think of the

laid her incomparable railroads, created priesthood officers and the priesthood her skyscrapers. reared citizens, andher special members, all of whom have

if or organization; a bishop I were asan youth. worthy I of every the friend am signments.

I'd stake, keep the of a a president he is acquaintanceIf when he makes my MemberQuo- young and keeps me by his side throughrums ship Word of Wisdom. I wouldn't break

out his life, I can do more for him than the Sabbath day, but I'm only a ward 30,451 Priests 172 High parent. richestthe teacher! teacher."There a ward Only 20,675 332 Seventies fit, minds alert; clean and bodies I keep in calling, brethren, is greater no 1,001 95,204 bodies and Elders neglected, bothand when that of a than ward teachthe Church, sluggish. fat andminds grow

I am even the parent of genius itself. 1,505 146,330 er. If the ward teachers realized what

I am represented by every paper that Priests an opportunity that is and if they were flies from the press, in every loaf of bread (under 21) 11,821 doing their duty, we wouldn't have the that springs from the oven, in every train (over 21) 20,011 1,263 31,832 condition exist that Brother Ivins rein every continent, and crosses thethat yesterday. talk in his splendid to ferred Teachers the ocean. that steamsship these through bishop would know The 15,455 (under 21) love me. wise me; hate Fools men in if children of the 1,296 30,877 teachers 15,422 (over any ward 21) in his mine keeps hand man The who age of nine his years over ward was that life neverthrough Deacons dies—because beshoes or baptized, needed not and lives help with created haswhich he my (under 21) 26,162

on after he is gone. (over 21) 15,478 2,168 41,640 fore they could enter school. He would

The man who shirks me and scorns my t know if the ward teachers were doing aid, never lives Never really lives, even Total Aaronic Priesthood their duty, where our boys are who are though he may continue to breathe. in Stakes 4,727 104,349 in the service at this time, and when

in Priesthood Aaronic could their address. they They changed am I? am Who 17,296 missions the information from get such always I am WORK!I? What 121,645 Priesthood Aaronic It visit. in they the homes mothers Unknown Total—Author all priesthood Total

membership* 267,975 doesn't matter, brethren and sisters, so

T am especially grateful for the great much what the position is. It is how

* fill given a position. are that oran Church, of our we organization We officers teachers have All these and

It position the only do. to job be person, may gives every that whoganization to work. opportunity may Some an in Father to our that have show for work. Even opportunity wedesires, an if I don't matter doesn't think, "Oh, that he that good, can misto make heaven we be are supposedthe members or only of the keep am Wisdom Wordit us. upon depend can example. set the propersionaries and deacon, I'm tithepayer. a only part a

I grateful opportuthe for in very is life greatest sermon am the clean"A in elder, counselor or a only I'm an or

I visiting stakes in the that nity have world."the

the ten perapproximately this computation, *In to endorse figmissions. I wish and the following for the indebted I am has added transient been of members cent Church yessaid Clifford Brother Ybung organization theures, showing If how a what figures. Priesthood the to Melchizedek only

Priestto the Aaronic ten percent were added similar terday with committee general on the toworks, membership the Priesthood Aaronic hood figures and the ofstatistics Church of whom Dr. total priesthood a referencemissionaries—theto our missionfine total giving 133,810, mempresidents would

Widtsoe is the chairman. bership'of 280,140. 5 (Continued on page 748)

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eeuviftit CHALLENGE

iOu Clifford <L. bfouncf assistant to the council of THE TWELVE

As I thought of that and applied it Address delivered at the Friday to the stirring messages we have thus afternoon session of the 1 19th far received in this conference, the semiannual general confermessage of eternal truth, I thought ence October 1, 1948, that after all it is the message that is in the Tabernacle giving this work its great vitality.

Since our last conference it has been my great privilege to visit and tour en do just that, and it is certainly two of our missions. This has brought gratifying to note the lovely spirit they

me in close contact, not only with the have, the interest they take in your mission presidents but with the misboys and girls, the personal interviews sionaries themselves, and I have been they have with them, the help they tremendously impressed with the ingive them. Some of the boys and girls

tegrity of our missionary service, with come poorly prepared for missionary the young boys and girls who are service, and yet through the kindness activity of called the Church. to this generosity and these of splendid men

find its could I thought, one where they are line, brought and women into equal? Here we have a cross section not in unkindness, but in the spirit of

of our youth, boys and girls who are love and sympathy and understandnot called because of their scholastic ing, and they are thus able to adjust training; they have not been trained themselves, and they come through

in the refinement of the ministry, nor successfully. One young man that I

have they had seminary training, as have in mind, a man who comes from this is understood outside of our an excellent family, and thousands of the called from are Church. They are them so situated, a gives boy who the from workshops, and farms, the great promise to his parents, been had

is called to a service schools; which in the field mission for twentythree

quite new to them, yet they enter into months. The school year was beginand energy a spirit with work this new ning. had the opportunity He to go

inspiris impressive and most which to college, and his mission presiwhen ing. dent approached if it him to see

Back of all this, I repeat, is not their would be helpful to him, his knowing of training but the great message of eterambition to go to school, if he were reto give to truth they nal have which in leased the twentythree so months Elbert Stake; president, Juarez Claudius Bowman, If additional the world. needed one that he could enter M.I. college, superintendent Curtis,R. general Zim- A.; rethe Max boy

this ultimate of destiny of the evidence expert. languagemer, German plied, I finish "No, to want out mismy reflect great the but he need work, on sion. That's the important thing to

of to the missionary system Church It is me."a spirit, lovely is this and

referred, has President Smith which reflected, brethren sisters, and my by this splendid being task, brothers the done by work and approach my these missionaries, these boys and missionaries. sisters, there these are of deal with a good Few and girls of yours, and you be proud may

fail, I indeed. of I that trust very Most few misgiving, have and may gratefulI of and to the for Lord, them. they good, and come faith make them in prayers interest and youran

testimony with It through an abiding that minutes I occupy.the few of XTow, there is another phase that has of the the divine mission thus far an Prophet Johadseems to me we have

unusual outpouring of the holy Spirit. seph, the divine mission of Jesus, our been touched on in this confer-

I ence that to would like speak about Christ, that he is the advice have Savior, that God counsel and that weThe a few minutes that involves, too, our for answers hears and lives and teachthe fundamentalreceived and ings that have been given certainly prayers. It is one of the most heartening our young people. I had the privilege

should give us cause for serious reexperiences of one's life to sit in a of attending a sacrament meeting in flection, and we should go to our testimony meeting of these missionthis city during the summer vacation.

homes encouraged in the thought that aries and feel the intensity of their To attend this meeting I came up from in home Utah County with their my to my devotion and faith, andwe are engaged in the work of the spirit daughter, as and were riding we alonq It is the testimony this work. weLord. Sunday afternoon a ball we passed feel, things, these these unseen hidden of the reading time ago I was Some

games were Two being played, assets, that park. them, so call to the cable if welaying may of from England

India, which, it is said cost so much give such force to this work. one in one end and the other in the

effort and sacrifice and heartache beThen, too, I want to pay my humble other end of the park, and there were cause of the encountering of so many tribute to these mission presidents and hundreds of people there and a large obstacles and difficulties incident to their wives. They, too, are called number of boys and girls witnessing

the frequent breaking of the cable. from all walks of life. They are asked these games. My daughter remarked:

Finally it was completed and to comto give up their vocations, many of "Dad, just what harm is there to these memorate this great achievement a them of a lucrative nature, and yet boys and girls in watching this sport?

celebration was held in London. John they never waver; nor do their wives. Isn't there a rather wholesome influence

Ruskin was asked to speak, and in the It is not an easy task to break those about it? They're doing no harm here

course of his remarks he is said to have home ties that have been established Sunday afternoon; aren't they better

made this striking observation: perhaps for a quarter of a century or here than they would be some other

rather I was challenged. to leave These the places?"more and home to go into

I the mechanics about not concerned am questions are I always field to three mission or devote four this celebrating; theof here which we are anything. didn't say along. one's this time of to years and service Wea challenge.rode that willallimportant thing is the message

be transmitted over this cable. great work. Yet these men and wom- {Concluded on page 766)

NOVEMBER 1948 705

Joseph Smith

(Z5u <=X.eul (L.daar Lonna

PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Tn the history of mankind down to the time of Christ, there have been disAddress delivered at the Saturday pensations the of of Christ. gospel session afternoon 119th of the

father of Adam, the race, the human semiannual general conferhad the gospel. His descendants were ence October 2, 1948,

knowing men, men with a knowledge in the Tabernacle of God. Between God and the earth

was man, created in the image of God.

THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH The description is exalted. The greatness of man came by his knowledge

that he was closely related to his Creator, and he felt the divine creative ike all great movements in history, presence. He knew his Creator, he

him. In loved a phrase written long in interpreted various ways. WhenI the rise of Mormonism has been listened to him, he obeyed him, he the Psalmist, by man was made its in the prepafter of importance we think

the "a little than angels, lower and habit aration of of mind, our modern we must class it with the greatest hast crowned him with glory and honepochs of advancement in human hisour."(Psalm 8:5.) From Adam's time

tory. Great epochs have always had a to the present, we may know this truth

prime mover, a man with enlightened "No religion made by man can do for soul. So it is with Mormonism. Humen that which must be done."

man society contains in itself the One modern writer, Maurice Maecauses of development in everything terlinck, writes in his book, The Great except the higher religious and moral Secret: "What we read in the ancient

truths, and the real facts of our future archives of wisdom gives us only a faint idea of the sublime of doctrines life of help, the the divine life. To

ancient the teachers, and even so these to the Smith was confined; Joseph

bringing of that higher truth and moral are not in their original form. The

light which could not be developed more ancient the texts, the purer, the except by some divine message from more aweinspiring the doctrines which heaven. He brought to light the nature they reveal."

of God, man's immortality, and the The facts of the Prophet's life are highest elements of moral character. many. His teachings are reduced to

The things which he taught are deswriting in one of the marvelous books tined to be* recognized as the most of the age in which we live: The Docenlightened teachings for the world trine and Covenants. We may consince Jesus Christ gave his gospel to trast this fact with the influence of

mankind. The power of his teachings other men upon the world, for there

is gradually rising to shape the destiny have been teachers whose influence of the human race. As a boy he bore never will die. Socrates became a

witness to the nations of the earth of moral force for mankind throughout the need of a light which is not of man. the ages. Plato, his disciple, was secItinerant preachers of the frontier ond to none as a great teacher. He

came to the parental cabin with tracts wrote copiously and elaborately. Poson the subject of religion. These sibly no one has ever surpassed him in a divine creation and can understand

preachers were the representatives of the art of writing and thinking. Then the divine word if one's life is tuned to

the denominations of America, parcame Aristotle, who wrote on science the noblest feeling with his God. The

ticularly the Protestant faiths. The and philosophy. The force of the men who accepted the revealed gosdivisions of Christendom were the most Greek mind of ages ago still lives. All pel, who were given the priesthood,

conspicuous reproach and chief cause of these masters were morally and inhelped to inaugurate a new period in of the inefficiency of Christianity. tellectually great. Joseph Smith stands the history of the human race.

eternal revealer out as the of God's affront to the a moral"They presented principles that all writers show above 'T'he supreme test of religion is revelainaugurated Jesus Christenterprise by and constituted the outstanding limitain this age the divinity of man; the tion. No religion can be persuation of its progress in the world."doctrine of eternal progression; the sive and convincing that does not rely

Mr. Herbert L. Willett in a recent artrue meaning of salvation; the divine upon and embody an authentic printicle in the magazine, Christendom, love which man must have toward all ciple of revelation. Religion as a puresays: other men; the purifying of the soul ly human product, valuable as it might

before God. be to human progress, has not the inner

As truly as war is an anachronism and His teachings are not the result of vigor to maintain a place of command- a scandal to civilization the divided state mere intellectual attainments. It was ing power. Religion requires revelaof the Church is an affront to Christianity. not human genius that made him what tion. All truth is revealed not less so

he was. It is not enough for man to because it is discovered.

"Divide and conquer,"was the counthink wisely and well. The power of The most complete carrier of revelasel which Milton put into the mouth of his teachings has arisen from the words tion can be no other or less than a

Satan in the assembly of the rebel that God spoke to him. The secret of chosen personality. This is the Chrisangels. his power lay in the truth that man is {Continued on page 747)

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA desire your faith and prayers, my 1 brothers and sisters, for I feel terribly in need of them. There is tonothing, I believe, that I appreciate SERVICE... J

more in all the world than my membership in the Church. It is the last thing

I would ever want to lose, and I trustthat with your aid and the aid that I HAPPINESS can get from the Spirit of the Lord, I shall be able to carry on in a life of service unto the Church and unto my that all of us who serve, serve for the brethren and sisters. I want to thank same motive, out of sheer joy and love

I of service. would that everyall here are of been have who you who man OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

responsibility in a priestaccepts a who visits in that the tokind I have me it because accept would quorum hood I realize conferences. to yourmade

service for which the of opportunity is timesthat it a burden upon many Friday the at delivered it Address good that offers not he be a him; it I very, appreciateyou, very and 119th the session afternoon of of the president be he so deacon may general confersemi-annual good that his he be a quorum. Not

1, 1948, October ence priest made he that be some day may in the Tabernacle elders'quorum. the president of Not

to be a good bishop, that when the stake is reorganized he may become the president of the stake, because if he ance to te pe0ple of the world. That

serves with that motive, there is very service f a high degree and a high likely to be a day of disappointment quality. Service is the great blessing,

for him, but if he serves because he j believe, that we get from it all.

loves to, serves he because if he loves thaf Qhmch demands L other the fellows, his whether then service w { disapnot, is never or he things come q qwhich be & Pmted we have just heardor whether it be. a spiritual callinq, for we do distinguish

eople may not appreciate his servin our minds usualJ between the tem ice always but he will always have poral and the spiritual. The Church

deep down in his heart a feeling that asks that service of us, and loyalty to is his the that best has and done he it. that give the demands we

.. I:,i believe, that satisfaction, P, qreat comes

in the.. sometimes +j we,* t-u MNowChurch a, givinga..... * is it.-4. A.that * prompts *uthe That motive, cfrom A, IT if, t mlss. our and wonder -j 4.to our younq and younq opportunities,, K * men,il.women * n n

field. calls mission for the accept We I %L thls just (for tentlon a moerncon, JlU this great the of afternoon heard have

field for to missionary a ment, work field, in the mission that are numbers is that but not always emphasized tell trying the gospel, to the preaching us, to be with seems always and which after all there that has world come

I field. is to very, important very a me to to earth true testimony as a the back attention called the the various of have the the worship personality of we God

I this visited officers the stakes of have Christ. believe his Jesus Son and We this, to are there of but year you many that testimony, that through through a

,,i r 1./ not here have op whom K. the..,,..,...shall of that,i and".j the testimony, acceptance u visit to. attention portunity and whose the to standards the and the adherence

it. call to to I wish

its offers that requirements the Church members, that there is guaranteed to us a future, even after this life, of exaltaHPhe other day in visiting a stake, a tion in the presence of our Heavenly stake within this valley, I discovFather, the boon that is greater than ered that there are within that stake any earthly blessing that me may entwo hundred and fifty men, more than much, just as Bishop Richards has exjoy. We feel duty bound, because we twentyone years of age who have

pressed his appreciation. have that privilege. never been sufficientThe great value, I believe, that the to carry it to other ly interested in the

Church has for us is the opportunity it people and to offer it "The great benefits of priesthood to be orgives us to serve, for, after all, the to them. That is servlife come from service. dained to any office in

in its ice high sense. servbenefits ofgreat life come from

full otherice. servopen-hearted, day Generous, The Generous, openhearted, are.it. I wonderI wonderwho theywhy

ice to our fellows, I believe, is the when I asked a young full service to our fellows they are. I wonder if

thing which brings us the greatest hapman who wants to go is the thing which brings they are in that posifamiliespiness. of a mission our serve because and on some why We can he ms the greatest happiness."tion

to go, underour he said serve wantsgain happiness can have by us, who it; we

friends and gain happiness by it; but if it was because he had taken the responsibilwe would be happy we must serve and always grown up with the idea that he ity of guiding our quorums, have been

serve generously, and I believe myself would like to go out and serve the negligent or at least have overlooked that the greatest happiness that comes to Church in that capacity. Another a responsibility and an opportunity,

me from observing the standards of the young man whom I asked why he Now those men, in most cases I beChurch and meeting my obligations to wanted to go, said that while he was lieve, are men who have been born in it is the spiritual values that I get out in the service of his country he gained the Church. They represent the same

of that service. I would like to be able a fervent testimony as to the truth of fine qualities as to their heritage that

to say that I always serve for the sheer the gospel, but he saw the woeful the active members do, but for some love of service. I don't know whether lack of that testimony in the lives of reason they were never brought into

I can honestly say that or not, but I his associates, and he wanted an opservice and have never been ordained, hope I can. I would like to suggest portunity to go out and teach repent- (Concluded on page 746)

NOVEMBER 1948 707 omehow or other, this task never seems to become any easier. In

S'fact at times I feel that it becomesmore difficult, and I earnestly hope &ome that you will sustain me with your thoughts and prayers and that my

Father in heaven will give me utterance. PROBLEMS

I was struck by a thought that Dr.

Merrill presented in the opening paragraphs of his talk, that the testimony ama of one informed witness is worth infinitely more than the testimony of many who don't know. I have oftenmade the observation that an idiotic PRINCIPLES

opinion multiplied by fifty million is still an idiotic opinion. Sometimes our BY

children endeavor to induce us to give them permission to do things we know do,they shouldn't with the wellworn!\.lckard cJL. (L*ivans

that is doing "everybodyphrase them."OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

But no matter what everybody does, an error is still an error even though Address delivered at the Saturday it is multiplied millions of times. So morning, session of the 119th

is an evil, and it doesn't matter how semiannual general conferpopular or how glamorous or how ence October 2, 1948, universal evils become, they are still in the Tabernacle evils. Some evils have been made

very glamorous, very appealing and very popular, but we must be aware ued to consult their convictions rather of the fact that they are still what they than their convenience, and the fact are, regardless of who partakes of them that they did so accounts for what we as they have in the past, these ten or what they are called, or what aphave here today, physically and tanacres literally will not accommodate pearance they assume. History has gibly, as well as the greater spiritual them,

proved many times over that the opinand intangible values that have so We have some seventyfive guides ion of one man who knows and who blessed our lives and the lives of our functioning now on these grounds, knows that he knows, the opinion of children. May God bless their memfaithful men and women who take time

one man who has the truth and proories and help us to be worthy of the from their businesses and their proclaims it, is much more important than heritage they gave us. fessions and their homes at a mothe opinions of many millions who This square has since become one ment's notice to come here and render

don't know. of the most visited and most talkedsuch service as is needed. We have

I can't look at this audience this of ten acres in the world, I am sure, about eight lawyers, three or four docmorning without thinking of another President Smith told you yesterday tors, and many successful businessaudience that gathered on Temple that we had had more than eight hunmen, who leave their clients, their

Square a hundred years ago. It is one dred forty thousand visitors up to this patients, and their customers waiting

hundred years this month since the time this year. About a million people in their offices while they come here

first general conference was held on a year are coming here currently, a to conduct strangers about these

Temple Square. A bowery was built little more or less. There are still grounds. There are many times when

here in 1847. A special conference many people who come here from all we have five or six groups moving on

was held in that year, in August, I beparts of the country who remember the grounds at once, and if one buildlieve, and the two general conferences and who speak feelingly of their visits ing is tied up, it means that there are following that one, in decades gone by, many times when we have no place one on Christmas when they met such to take these people who> come. They

day, 1847, and one "This square has bemen as Joseph Peery come at their convenience, not at ours, in April 1848, were come one of the most who so greatly influand we have to take care of them held back in talkedof ten acres in enced what went on, when they come or see them at all.

Kanesville, Iowa.

The first general the world"onmanythisyears.block, for so teenThesehoursgroundsa day areat theopenpresentabout fourtime,

conference of the But we are facing and they are open almos't every day

Church on this square was one hundred new circumstances so far as the operaof the year, seven days a week. The

years ago now, and what has hap tion of this square is concerned. It was only day we have been closed in my

pened since then, here and elsewhere, only fifteen years ago, in 1933, that experience here is Christmas Day, and is almost beyond belief. there were about one hundred thousand I am sure we COuld have conducted

The picture of those people comes people who visited this place, and I some people about the grounds even before us—men and women who rather think that that figure might have Dn that day. This is our window to

faced the harsh realities of physical included the general conference visitthe world, and I want to express myexistence, who had been, that summer ors - We have about ten times that numappreciation to the Presiding Bishopand that spring, through the ordeal of ber. now, excluding general conference ric for their most helpful and sympaseeing their crops threatened by comvisitors. It was only three years ago, thetic cooperation in maintaining the

plete> destruction, and many of whom 1945, that we had about a third as personnel and the physical appearance had witnessed the deliverance through many people come here as we have Q f these grounds, and to the First their Father in heaven by the episode now, three hundred seventyseven Presidency, President Smith and of the seagulls, which is now immortalthousand in 1945. You can see that President Clark and President McKay,

ized in stone on this block. we are facing new problems of organin helping us to get the help we need

With what little they had, ragged, ization and administration, and if the and in helping us with many of our

I am sure, many of them, and worn activities on these grounds continue to problems and in acquiring the physical and weary, nevertheless they continmultiply in the next ten or fifteen years (Continued on page 744) /UO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA realistic movements in all the world. I

stood with thousands of young men in southern California, a few years Know ago, out in the desert when the Los

Angeles Symphony Orchestra played this great symphony. It so thrilled

that climbed these many young men What Is might that poles they up telephone see the orchestra, and thousands stood for an hour and fifteen minutes with rapt attention to hear this great music.

Yes, these are voices of the Russian RIGHT people. I agree that in the Kremlin

there are unworthy men to represent

VDia LJdcar v. -J\imham them.story, butThesomepapersday floodout onus thewithplainsthe

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY of the Ukraine, way back in Siberia, our men shall be knocking at doors and bringing the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Address delivered at the Sunday A moment ago I shook hands with morning session of the 119th Elder Anastasiou, one of our faithful semiannual general confer-'members, a Russian by birth. We

ence October 3, 1948, must differentiate between the present in the Tabernacle leaders and the people. We must love

all peoples. That is one of the high

purposes of the priesthood of God noon in the congregation of the Saints and the message of our Church as our there Charlie was sitting. What a people go into the world to preach the

lovely thing really to have understandword of God.

people. of love ing a and

the I about to say a word want Rus- "T wishGodtoblessmake usonethatotherweappeal.may Mayever I fortune the good people. sian had

right the and courageously to live know Berlin in studying I was when it. application stand for One personal is a blessing to have such a fine Russian. young with a a year for about

just now pleasure this principle! I had the as was I did not of fellow. greatIt demonstration He was a

leadpresi- of the of setting and their apart a member given by the choir at first, but he came him understand er. When a man is left without achome one day, and in his enthusiasm dency of the TexasLouisiana Miscompaniment, it is important that he he grabbed me and said: "Well, let's sion. After the ordinance was perif theydoes get the right pitch, and then how go up town. I sold a painting today formed, I asked the brethren

glorious it is for one to feel when one for four hundred marks."had something they would like to say,

starts to do his best, there comes the And we went. When we came back, and one of the men, one of the leaders

strength of a great organ. he placed on the table what remained in that mission, said: "One day I sat

chair, waiting. barber The shop a "I to in said: want his of he and money, will the that Lord I pray humbly his cusas do barber towel took a was this with you,"share me. bless I it and with face.be me over threw and tom my I Russian, great Tolstoy, a of think filling of pleasure the I it. I recently had felt the straighten to reached loveliest complithe of paid one who East, in the assignments of I seriin cigarsa number pocket. been had my life his Christ of the to and ments one with impressed deeply I thinkingand about heard I am had ously what I read. that ever have teachings

feel, needs. I great simple, yetor Christ of the two gospel and about Jesus

well us, as that sincerelyI feel among there that flooded through moment my in impressed so deeply never was greater need people other I said: spirit weas of courage, the among and soul * as great temperance the movement all people. of 'love andunderstanding this day.'the he 'Let be And night, I Berlin, in one heard when filling an of privilege I is the once had more. what smoked no know To Lodging, play, great Nights'Gorky's Anthony President it, withassignment for stand right courageously and

let for temperance. appeal an And that things was the of Ivins. is this One opportunity. ourW. for play, this about one word say me special meeting a itinerary was the I in last juston York, week, met New its simplicity. it in great so was error. in been had brotherwith a Christian who splendid gentleman a whom

When we arrived at our destination, The scene was an inn. People were I have known through the years. He

we sat with the president of the stake. waiting for the coming of a great perhas spoken in this Tabernacle, Dan

President Ivins began to talk and said: sonality. Finally he arrived, and they Poling. He is just home from the great

"You know, I was coming here, some applauded him and applauded him and conference of religious leaders at time ago, and I had an automobile acasked him to stand and give them a Amsterdam, Holland. He said:

cident and 'Charlie'was the man that message. He seemingly had done this "You know, Kirkham, to summarize

stopped to help. Many other cars many times, at the inn, and he sprang that whole thing, there are two words

went by, but he was the man that upon the table. He had been drinkthat stand out, as I have also visited

stopped and stayed with me until my ing, but he started out with his lines. Berlin and other places of Europe.

then, eloquence was impressive; reHis again. running youcar was Do These "two words are 'courage'and to all at mind seemed once the actor's out fire broke that down 'calm.'member when

in the valley? The first man there was go; his memory was gone. And all I have thought a great deal about

Charlie, and I remember he was the that was done to tell the story was that that, 'courage'and 'calm.'

last man to leave. And a few days from his pocket a flask fell and broke "Probably the outstanding address,"

later when they started subscriptions upon the floor. Three bells tolled, and said Dan Poling, "that was made at

to help build that home, I noticed that the play was over. that conference was by John Foster

Charlie was on the top of the list."I think of Shostakovich, a young Dulles, adviser to Secretary Marshall,

The president of the stake now Russian in Petrograd, (now Leninnow in Paris."

broke in and said: "Say, President grad). When the enemy came, Let me read you just a few words

Ivins, do you want us to consider this he bravely fought, and after it was of Dulles as reported by Dan Poling, man's conduct?"over he wrote his great Seventh as given to the religious leaders of the

"Well, what do you think about it?"Symphony which many of the world's world:

No more was said, but that aftercritics have said is one of the greatest {Concluded on page 756)

NOVEMBER 1948 709

TY dear brethren and sisters, it is a GOD and that he was once a man like us; yea,

real inspiration to look into the that God himself, the Father of us all,

Christ earth, the THE dwelt as Jesus on an same faces of as are so people many. did. himselfM I this in vast congregation. assembled

I will to the before beginning back.. go

that the Spirit of pray humblydo God to kind the of a world was, show what will attend me in the few remarks that being God is. What sort of a being was I make on this occasion. It is my desire ETERNAL God in the beginning? Open your ears

this morning, with the help of the Lord, and hear, all ye ends of the earth....

to say a few words which will suppleGod himself was once as we are now, ment the beautiful talk just given by and is an exalted man, and sits enthroned is in heavens. the great yonder That President George F. Richards. FATHER

secret. today, rent If the veil were and

It is my sincere desire to bear my the great God who holds this world in its testimony and say a few words regardBY orbit, and who upholds all worlds and all ing the Latterday Saints'concept of things by his power, was to make himself

God the Eternal Father, whom we as visible,—/ say, if you were to see him

in like see you him would a man of Jesus of the true Churchmembers all in person, yourselves the form—liketoday, humbly, devotedly,Christ so and E FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY very as image, for a man; and form Adam worship.prayerfully in the very fashion, image was created

Shortly before his death, the Prophet and likeness of God, and received instrucJoseph Smith stated that: \17e believe that God is a personal tions from, and walked, talked and contalks as with him, versed and one man *"being, being. personal a By we the another. (Teachings with of communes is first It to principle the gospel of the is that exalted he a mean man—an 345346.) Smith, Prophet Joseph pp. of the character for God. a certaintyknow years hundred Approximately man. one Smith, Prophet Joseph (Teathings 0/ the

after ago, became soon Lorenzo Snow for like to discuss with I would you p. 345.)

a member of the true Church of Jesus a moment or two the doctrine of what

We read in the gospel of John (and Christ, he formulated a remarkable kind of man God is at the present time.

a similar statement is recorded in modcouplet which has since that time beHe is an exalted, glorified, celestialized ern revelation) that: come famous. He said: "As man is, man, but actually and literally a personGod once was; as God is, man may al being. By this description I mean

... this is life eternal, that they might become."(Lorenzo Snow, The Millenthat his body is eternal, being comtrue the and Jesus only thee God,know canof spiritual matter which 17:3: posed sent. hastChrist, (John thou whom Furthernot decay, age, nor deteriorate. 132:24.)see C. D. &

more, Elohim, or the Eternal Father,

From these statements made by holy is a being brighter than the noonday men through divine revelation, we find sun. From that Divine Personage

that the concept of God that a people f(As man is, radiates light, light with the characterhave is very important in helping to deGod once was; as istic of excessive brilliance.

live. life that they of the typetermine is, man may T believe that in order best to define of God that affirms group anyHistory when

people have had as their belief the conbecome."what I have in mind, we could with

cept that God was a God of love,—Lorenzo Snow profit refer to that wonderful expericharity, and kindness; in other words, ence had by the Prophet Joseph Smith,

when they have accepted God as a known as the "First Vision,"which divine Being possessing all of the charwas so beautifully explained a few acteristics of goodness in an infinite moments ago by President George F.

portion, those people have tried to Richards. When the Prophet Joseph

emulate in their lives that type of nial Star 54:404.) Time and time was engaged in deep prayer on that

Deity. On the other hand, when a again during the period of the restoramemorable spring morning in 1820, a

group of people have believed that the tion of the gospel of Jesus Christ to pillar of light, as he explained, brighter

Eternal Father was a God of caprice, the Prophet Joseph Smith, various evithan the noonday sun came down from a God who is unjust and prone to play dences were given to him sustaining, heaven and fell upon him. In the midst

favoritism, we find that those people amplifying, and explaining the personof that light, Joseph saw two "...

have resorted to very low forms and ality of God. If time would permit, Personages whose brightness and glory

modes of worship, such as human sacmany excellent quotations could be defy all description,"as far as their rifice. In fact, their moral behavior was cited from the Doctrine and Covenants glory, radiance, and brilliance are conon the same plane as their concept of which would help to describe the percerned. (Pearl of Great Price, Joseph

God. sonality of our Eternal Father. HowSmith, 2:17.)

As I occupy this posiThe BoyProphet return-

I the Sacred ed from Grove this morning,tion session delivered at the the Friday realize Address morning of that morning with more absolutely it willthat be 1, general 119th semiannual conference, 1948 October yes, a with knowledge, explain to forimpossible me very accurately the Latterin the Tabernacle clearer concept in his mind day Saints'concept of the regarding the personality of personality of God the Eternal Father, ever, I would like on this occasion to God and the Godhead than had all the because he is an infinite being with inquote a statement taken from a great ministers in the world combined. And

finite characteristics and attributes sermon which was given by the Prophit would be no exaggeration to say that while I am merely a finite man. It is et Joseph shortly before his death. his knowledge of God, received

impossible for the finite to understand This quotation is a continuation of the through that divine manifestation, surand fully comprehend the infinite; and statement I have already quoted from passed the understanding had at that

yet I would like to say a few words, as the Prophet. To use his exact words time by all the people in the world

I that it is a feel deeply to supplement already indicated, I have to combined. principle first (he of the Gospel u principal purposes the of fact that one F. President Georgewhat certainty the character a of God, Richards know /or

hasElohim—theso masterfullyEternalexplainedFather. regarding ancfhim toas knowone manthat converseswe may conversewith another,with that God the Eternal(ContinuedFatheron pageand736)his

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What Think Ye of

Christ. Our mission is to bear record that he is the Son of the Living God CHRIST?"

and that he was crucified for the sins of the world; that salvation was, and BY

is, and is to come, in and through his atoning blood; that by virtue of his

atonement all men will be raised in imLsOYikie &nice mortality, believe and those who and OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY in immortalobey the gospel law both ity and unto eternal life.

And the position which Joseph Smith holds in the scheme of things is that designed to point and center the athe is the chiefest witness of Christ that tention of men in Christ. We are bapthere has been in this world since the tized in similitude of his death, burial,

Son of God personally walked among and resurrection. We honor Sunday

men and bore record of himself sayas the Sabbath because it was on that ing, "I am the Son of God!"day when he arose from the grave,

breaking the bands of death and be- \X/e believe, and I certify that Jesus coming the first fruits of them that

I may have your sustaining vv Christ is the Firstborn Spirit slept. The ancients honored the seventh

Thatprayers and the Spirit of the Lord Child of Elohim who is God, our day as one of rest and worship because rested from that he day on that it was that believe Father. it has Heavenly to been with me, as be with We dithe after his under working labors this lived in preexistent thethe spoken brethren while he have who

morning, is the desire of my heart. world, by virtue of his superior intelrection of his Father in the creation

Today we have heard President ligence, progression, and obedience, he of this world. In fact, as Jacob says:

George F. Richards and President Milattained unto the station of a God.... all things which have been given

ton R. Hunter talk to us about the And he then became, under the Father, of God from the beginning of the world,

nature and kind of being that God the the Creator of this world and all things unto man, are the typifying of him. (II

Eternal Father is, that are in it, as Nephi 11:4.)

relathe also of Creator our aboutand that has there been prophet Every

Iftionship him. to without worlds

in that record he the has borne world Christ witness bear of "We will sustainhe me its is in very because the of God, Son live, in that the life like that by believe to we I would number.We is calling chief of a that the nature

thebear withe Jehoyou was my shine light letting our and by is of testimony prophet. Jesus The

tellness the of and vah Old you of the spirit prophwith synonymous letting principles the gospel

I it that Testament; understandwhat ecy. speak through us"the doctrine through himto be was

of this Church and that God the FaVS7e believe that Christ was born into kingdom with referther dealt with all v "the world, literally and actually, ence to his Beloved Son, Jesus Christ, the ancient prophets, revealing his mind in the most real and positive sense as

When Christ was among men, in one and his will and the plan of salvation the Son of God, the Eternal Father.

of his last conversations with the to them. He was born with that Being as his FaPharisees, he asked: "... What think Christ gave the gospel to the an ther just as certainly and just as actualye of Christ? whose son is he?"He cients beginning with Adam and going ly, just as literally and definitely as he

received the answer, "The son of on down, dispensation after dispensawas born with Mary as his mother. It

David."Thereupon he asked: tion, until this present time. And everywas by virtue of that birth that he was

thing that has been given in the gospel able to say that no man took his life

How then doth David in spirit call him and everything that has been in any from him, that he had power to lay

Lord, saying, life his and down way connectedi said Sit unto Lord, Lord thou The my it it!i. take to power ibeen with has up

till right hand, thineon enethe I make my at delivered Friday Address again, for the and been designed had footstool?mies thy session the 119th morning of of so purpose commanded If call is express then David Lord, him how general confersemiannual

Father. his of bearinghe record son? 22:4245.) (Matt.

1, 1948, ence October believe that certifyChrist and of Wehis in the Tabernacle

Because those Jews had lost the ing as to his divine he came into the knowledge of God and of Christ, they mission. world with the exwere unable to answer. The world by From Adam to Moses and from press mission of dying upon the cross

wisdom knew not God. Like many Moses to Christ, God's prophets and for the sins of the world; that he is

devout people today they had inherited priests offered sacrifices. Such were in actually, literally, and really the Refrom their fathers lies, vanity, and the similitude of the sacrifice of the deemer of the world and the Savior of

things in which there was no profit. Only Begotten of the Father who was men; and that by the shedding of his

They did not know that God the Eterto come. When Moses lifted the serblood he has offered to all men fornal Father was the Father of Christ, pent on the pole in ancient Israel and giveness of sins conditioned upon their

and that he was of the seed of David told the Israelites that those who repentance and obedience to the gosthrough Mary, his mother. People in would look would live when they were pel plan.

that day needed, just as did the people bitten by poisonous serpents, it was in Our revelations say that when he in Joseph Smith's day, a new revelasimilitude of the fact that the Son of came into this life he received not of tion of God and of the plan of salvaGod would be lifted up on the cross the fulness at the first, but that he tion. and that all who would look to him continued from grace to grace—which,

As I understand it, our mission to the might live eternally. I take it, means from intelligence to

world in this day, is to testify of Jesus Every ordinance of the gospel is (Concluded on page 740)

NOVEMBER 1948 711.

c.onference opened thattake ElderssufficientWestmoneyand Deweyto payshouldtheir riverLighterandwhosesaw themdeckssafewereon crowdedboard a in the usual way by singing and passage to Ceylon—for we had not with passengers and which was soon

prayer, after which Elder N. V. enough money for all of our pasto proceed down the river with them

Jones took the chair and proceeded, sages to any place—and proceed to the steamer that they were to

He was unanimously sustained as directly there. Elder Luddington take passage on which lay at Diapresident of the Calcutta Branch, and myself were to remain here unmond Harbor some 60 miles below

also the Authorities were sustained, til the way should open up for us this. We then returned to meeting

Then the elders of the Calcutta to go to Burma, Siam, or to follow at the chapel with Saints and reMission were appointed to take them to Ceylon. maining elders.

their several missions into different I now, more forcefully than ever, Brother Meik's, Wednesday, parts of the country. feel the impropriety May 18: Today Elder Luddington

All necessary busiof our not stopping and I made some few fruitless atness pertaining to at Singapore. But tempts to get a passage to Rangoon the Calcutta MisOn to the we are here and in Burma. Also continued our exsion being finished, must make the best ertions to get passage to either

Elder Jones asked of it that we can... Burma or Siam.

Elder West if he A few days since "Drother Meik's, June 13: Elder wished to speak or FAR Elder West went to Luddington and I continue our

had any business to Chinsura ( a place exertions to obtain a passage and do. Elder W est about twenty miles after so long a time have secured

then arose and said above) accomone to Rangoon in Burma, on board EAST the government steamship Five Queen. Twentyfive dollars is all

/rom the cUJiaru of <=J-eul J>avaae} /jr. the money we both have, and this is

only sufficient to pay for us the that himself in conPart II panied by Elders meanest kind of deck passage. But

nection with three Woolley and Leonas this was our only chance and the other elders were appointed to go to ard who are appointed to labor there probability was that we should be

Siam, but in consequence of no for the present. He has just returned only 8 or 10 days, we concluded to

ships sailing from San Francisco to accompanied by Elder Joseph Richput up with the inconvenience which

Siam we shipped for this place; ards who, with Elder Willes ( a few we knew would be anything but

thinking we could sail direct to months past ), went up the country; agreeable.

Siam from here or go to Burma but meeting with little or no success Steamship Fire Queen, Wednesacross the peninsula. But the war has just returned leaving Elder day, June 15: Having provided ourin Burma prevents us from going Willes laboring about a thousand selves with a little provision such as

that way, and there is no ship sail miles in the interior.... was only adapted to our mode of

ing from here to Siam at this time Brother Meik's, Saturday, May travel, we went on board the steamof year, consequently our mind is 14: Today Elders West and Dewey er between sunset and dark accomnot settled upon what we shall do. secured their passage to Ceylon on panied by Brother Meik who soon

Conference adjourned to the 6th of the British steamer Queen of the after returned home. 8 As we were

October next, at this place.... South for 375 rupees.... We do not going on board I perceived that she

b have enough to pay cabin passage was either very low built or sunk (alcutta, Sunday, May 1: Agreefr both so Bro. Dewey shipped as very low into the water by the

able to appointment at 10 o'clock, servant for Elder West which made weight of her cargo. As I stepped

the Saints met in the chapel and the Price of their passage just one on board I was tolerably well conwere addressed by Elder Jones. third less than it otherwise would vinced that she must be heavy laden.

Only two hearers, besides the have been. This reduces Elder LudHer deck was crowded with boxes

Saints, were present. At 6 o'clock dington and me to the small sum of and luggage of different kinds, pile

p.m. the Saints met and partook of $25. npHls is the second of two upon pile, besides

the sacrament and in the evening Brother Meik's, -* instalments of the diary several large chickfilled In well of Jr. Levi Savage, coops en 15: Elder Saturday, May... again. preaching had

first of told instalment the he hens, ducks, with at morning This the call his missionary, [Thursday, as a 12]: few May A pigs. sheep and half o'clock, 5 past A southto to preparations go since the elders days that apwere

California, the ern embarkaside either pen on Elders and West pointed to Siam were requested by tion the Francisco, from San forecastle the by their trip across Pacific president, the Ocean, Elder C. 6 West, W. full PfTc,lon. was crammed Elder Cey-?.TLudCalcutta, at of landing and to assemble themselves delibby to

India. othsheep. of dington myAnd and

if erate possible to and decide upon either to the goats ers self with together were them accompanied that plan some enable us to would loose tied on the deck. or running opposiencountered much missionaries Ceylon 'The or go to Siam place. other some circulation of a large the tion, numcaused partly by contheir luggage with Passengers

misrepresentacontaining tracts of Europe from ber Accordingly Elders LuddingWest, the tions. peoadvised the newspapers Galle At...

ton, Dewey, and myself met in a plehouses,not lestto receivethey shouldMormonbecomemissionariespartakersintoof theirtheir this"Brothertime theMeikmissionariesappears to frombe a convertZion hadPerhapstaken byup room convenient and the effect and Theyevil deeds,visitedwhichhigh counseland low,was priestsimplicitlyand obeyed.people,. but.. Saystheir assignmentsRoberts: "Theand wereHindustaneein othermissionariesparts of India.exdecisions of our deliberations were: northey feedwouldthe neithermissionaries.—open theirRoberts,doorsop.for cit.,preaching,p. 7-4. opened:tended theirbut laborsfinding throughoutthe HindustaneesIndia, asdestitutethe wayof

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tinued to be sent on board until 10 was a corpse. I was informed that and the rain commenced to fall in

or 11 o'clock at night. he had been accustomed to drink torrents. Those that were on deck

Soon after we got on board I freely of brandy. About 5 o'clock at had nothing to shield them or their

heard an officer declare, with an night we anchored for the night, luggage from the rain but an awnoath, as he received a new order to and the corpse of the deceased was ing of old canvas, which had been take on more cargo, "They intend taken on shore and buried at a place previously spread over a part of the to sink her before she gets out of called Mud Point. deck to protect passengers from the

the river."This remark fully conSteamship Five Queen, Friday, scorching rays of a tropical sun.

vinced me that I was not wrong June 17: Last night we were put to This being spread in the middle

concerning the amount of cargo she some inconvenience for sleeping. served to throw off a large portion

sufficiently of the water, but a great deal foundhad in. We spread our mattresses Every place on the deck

on boxes and hen coops. Though large for a man to stretch himself its way through the numerous holes

in the open air, we enjoyed a comon was now occupied. Some were that were in this canvas. After

fortable night's rest, the weather obliged to spend the night in a which, with the quantity that was

...being warm and fine. sitting position. The natives and driven.

Steamship Fire Queen, Thursday, trumphery so literally covered the it difficulty that that is with deck passengers, EuropeanJune 16: The Mrs. Ruth Hilton concludes: "And forth. Early back and pass can hundred in one to nearly anamounting to journal an comes Levi's here way, and under she got this morning few board. on arenumber A now too the close. storms abrupt Were little arafter o'clock or a 12 about pastaken deck haveof those who litjust the forget severe, or did he Pilot Station at Sandheads the rived rate at a dear securedsage, have

livstress of in great the tle volume pilots; her discharged she where decks, sleeping between ofprivilege him with would ing? Gladly we go in ship tow; and off the she had cast full. Early is cram place also'which story if the all the to Burma way a for her Akyab, course directed and steam was raised,this morning, gladly read permitted. would in station military English small We to a miles 7 three down proceededwe in land. that years the The of two Burma. where called Reach Gardenplace

finishing his enmission by ended Saturday, Fire Queen, Steamship solnatives, hundred than anmore trip across globe. circling the The the night wind 1853: Last June taken cooliesdiers, were and

sailing vessel. a Atlantic on the was the strong, considerably and blew hitched they which afteraboard,

'I to potatoes pay peeled said: He tolerably which rough sea was sailing government largeonto a this last of lap passage.'The I my the to nothing assure you added sea, out and to her toship tow

proceeded down the river.... About comfort of our miserable lodgings. homecoming was accomplished with Company. Handcart the Martin He continued the wind morning passengers, a This of the one10 o'clock

in his small son with reunited the was the westward, and strong from apman, young whoEuropean 1856, 30, City, Salt November Lake thick is with perfectly covered ship health in general was goodpeared the date years from four than more the atmosphere clouds and heavy fit with of some a attackedsuddenly 1852. 21, his October departure, of the dismal. I observed dark and minutes he inkind, few a very and BrigPresident to invited was He attentively watching chief engineer

that converted when insomuch and integrity,honesty for a pice join any the moving of the clouds for some ham Young's Christmas supper at few they wouldand baptized aristofinding Europeans so the religion, andother left length of time, after which he rethe newly completed Lion House they approachable,cratic hardly that they were traveled after having countrythe in stations India.[British army] to...all theIn 1855,principalthe marked in the following words, "I that festive season of 1856."

missionham Youngin India,calling,,upon, wastieclosedeldersbysentPresidentto that Brigland am afraid we shall have severe 'Elder Savage remained in Burma nearly two years, branch. establish a LudElder able to being bringing without p.m. return withto home, them the wind as many of their storm."By 2 o'clock

the Siam, as to means for where he was Bankok,converts had journey,"—Ibid., proceeded dington pp. gale, strong into a 74. Ibid., had increased rejected. volume 4, page7273. stoned and

I.D.S. AIRBORNE DIVISION there, so one day he began thumbmon are the basis of the meetings. ing through the Utah State register According to Red Cross workers,

in Japan at the American Red Crossstaffed Pfc. Winter is a marvel of energy

club and found the names of several and enthusiasm. Despite the strenuOgden men—among them one of ous training followed by men of the

VDu fffaaeune Mlmed his old buddies. 674th Parachute Field Artillery

AMERICAN RED CROSS With this as a starter he began Battalion, the crusading young servscouring the registers of nearby iceman manages to carry on his

Army units, and within a short time Church work, take part in American

Jinmachi, Japan, is not well had found twentyfive young AmerRed Cross activities, study Japanese known like Hiroshima. It is a ican paratroopers from the Beehive language and customs, and plan for

tiny village in the Buddhist state. the future with equal fervor.

stronghold of northern Honshu, Now these twentyfive young Winter's ambition, according to where the 11th Airborne Division's men have formed an "airborne diviRed Cross reports, is to receive speupland base for parachute and glidsion"of the Church of Jesus Christ cial training and return to Japan to er infantry trainees is located. of Latterday Saints, and Wednesaid in the work of restoring missionPfc. Lewis Winter, son of Mr. day evenings have taken on a new ary services interrupted by the war,

and Mrs. R. W. Winter of Ogden, interest as their Mutual Improvewith particular emphasis on classes

Utah, was in this division. Not ment Association meets. Sermons in democratic living for Japan's

quite 19, he was lonesome over and readings from the Book of Moryoung people.

NOVEMBER 1948 713 brought of the fruit of the field, and his offering was not acceptable to the

Lord, and Abel brought the firstlings"No Man Can Serve of his flock and of the fat thereof. We

are told that Abel's offering was accepted. We do not know just why

Cain's was not; probably he did not

bring the field, best of his but at any TWO MASTERS"rate, he very was perturbed much and put out when his offering was not accepted, and hardness entered into his heart. The light of the Lord left him,

PRESIDING BISHOP and he turned to that terrible sin of murdering his own brother. And the

Lord indicated to Cain when he exAddress delivered at the Friday No man can serve two masters: for either pressed his displeasure: "If thou doest

afternoon session of the 119th he will hate the one, and love the other; well, shalt thou not be accepted?"

semiannual general confer* or else he will hold to the one, and despise (Gen. 4:7.)

ence October 1, 1948, mammon.the other. (Matt.Ye cannot6:24.) serve God and

in the Tabernacle \17e often see in our midst brethren

I take it he understood that in the vv who turn away from the Lord, lives of most men the time would come who cease to pay their tithes and their brothers and sisters, I have been when they might have to make a choice offerings, who neglect to prove to God delighted with the messages we as to whether or not they should that they love him better than they the have brethren heard from love choose mammon, darkness and it is and inor mammon, God comes my

I this conference. duringMy love their to to meet conviction that and they lives, and that do things my testimony

with the Latterday Saints. I have a when we make the choice, if we are not pleasing to the Lord. They

great appreciation in my heart for you choose to serve the Lord, it is just like walk in the ways of darkness and cease fine people and for your kindness to forming a partnership with him. He to help to build the kingdom of God in

me as I am privileged to visit in the will be on our side, he will see us the earth.

various stakes of Zion. through; and I wonder sometimes if we You will recall the experience of Job

In trying to think what I might say today that could be an encouragement or help to you, I thought I might say a few words on our financial and temporal obligations to the Church because they are many, and there are some among us who feel that they are heavy. One stake president said: "It

costs a lot to be a member of this

Church,"and I have thought a great deal of it. I have thought of the payment of our tithing, our fast offerings,

our welfare contributions, our ward budget, our great missionary work, the building of our chapels and temples and places of worship, the temple work we are doing, and genealogical work, and I feel as many of you do that when we consecrate all that we have to the building up of the kingdom of God that it really is a substantial thing as far as our temporal obligations and responsibilities are concerned.

The Lord revealed to the Prophet

Joseph Smith that he had never given a temporal commandment unto his Assistant Organist Roy M. Darley at the console of the Tabernacle organ

children, that all of his commandments were spiritual, for they all have a spiritual meaning a spiritual and dereally sacrifice when we choose to when the devil came to the Lord and spiritual velopment and a purpose serve said: rather the than Lord, the to serve considered thou "Hast Lord all because is atthat behind the Lord

servant ef- 1:8.) the and necessary mammon, the make And Job?"(Job my tempting earth, inthe to do in he has

contributions required said, devil rather laughingly fort and to in subdicated that show our faith in him. stance:

will recall that before the Lord You... is this work and my my is that easy. glory—to Oh, have surrounded You financial help to any promote bring to the pass immortality eterneeded and with him so much. given have him You the interests in of his life the nal kingdom of (Pearl man. of Price, Great is everything. friend, he wonder your No earth 1:39.) that Moses he unto gave Cain Abel and it let just take but him. from me away

the law of sacrifice. The Lord did

And hence, all of his commandments not need the fruits of the field from The Lord gave him the privilege;

have been given for the achievement Cain nor the first of the flocks from told him he might take everything and the accomplishment of that great Abel, but they needed to give it; they away if he would just spare his life.

objective. needed to put their faith to the test. They So he took everything away, his lands

However, the Lord has made some needed to be able to show to God and his herds, and his buildings were definite statements with respect to whether they served and chose God burned, and his family died, and when temporal things and our responsibility or mammon, for you cannot serve two his body was afflicted and sore, he therein. That is, I suppose, what masters. lay there, and his wife said unto him:

Jesus meant when he said: And you will recall that Cain {Continued on page 742)

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thisand greatsisters,conference,has been a mostmy brethreninspirahave"Whyoftenis it beenthat theaskedpriesthoodthe question,is betional occasion for all of us. As I stowed upon boys at the age ofheard one good sister remark yesterDraw Near twelve?"I don't know whether or not

day, "It is out of this world,"and I there is on record any definite instrucsay to you that all that we have listions as to this, but I can say it was tened to is out of this world, and all a master stroke of inspiration, and I To The am sure that when the leadership ofof those who spoke to us have been animated by that spirit which is out this Church decided to ordain boys of this world. All of the counsel and at the age of twelve it came at the diadvice that we have listened to durrection of our Heavenly Father. Iing this great conference will go for LORD know of no time in the age of any

the salvation of all of us and for the young man when he begins to form eventual salvation of this world. BY impressions and habits more readily

Then at some future date it will bethan he does at the age of twelve, and come the celestial kingdom. in this great program of youth we comPresident This morning David

inspired has delivered a most O. /josepk cU.. l/l/lrihun menceof twelve,early. whenThesetheyboys receiveat the agetheMcKay

address with reference to youth and OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC priesthood of God, must be sweet and particularly with reference to those clean in their bodies. They are taught

the law of chastity. They are taught

Address delivered at the Sunday that there is but one standard of virtue morning session of the 119th in this Church, both for young men semiannual general conferand for young women. They are

ence October 3, 1948, taught to be prayerful, and they are in the Tabernacle taught that priesthood means service and that where there is no service, and a man or a boy holds the priesthood, that they might have the right interpreit is of little value to him and surely tation of that ancient scripture. An the Lord God will hold such an indianswer was given in the form of a visvidual accountable when he fails to

itation by a resurrected being who inuse this divine gift of authority in the troduced himself as John the Baptist, service of the Master and for the beneand in the following words conferred fit of the Lord's children here upon upon Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdthe earth. Out of priesthood service

ery the Aaronic Priesthood: he is taught to be dependable; he evaluates integrity highly. and honesty He

servants, fellow in the you Upon my is taught the something Constiabout

I confer the of Priesthood Messiah name tution is the States. of United He of the holds the of Aaron, which keys

ministering of angels, and of the gospel taught that the document came to us of repentance, and of baptism by immerfrom the Lord through the instrusion for the remission of sins; and this mentality of great and wise men who

shall never be taken again from the earth, were raised up for that very purpose.

until the sons of Levi do offer again an He is taught that in the Constitution offering unto the Lord in righteousness. of the United States there is found

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts (D. & C. 13.) the great fundamental principle of the

gospel, that free of namely agency. cornerstone of the pro- I, youth The youth, for responsible and arewho so qualities these with noble of And

is this of the priesthood gram Church thoughts a expresstoo, few to desire character the and that assignments it of there with along and God, I have in line so doing the andalong same to is time, to time come from him he into organizations, being other come President of the path cross Davidmay in taught practical principles the a way into existence which have come I of anydon't but knowO. McKay, the salfundamentals of and gospel of inspiration revelation the through I and follow rather thatone's path would vation. is the example, For deacon Israel of to the leaders the of to Lord First Presidency. the ofthan a member assigned to collect out go the and conorganize the the great School, Sunday devoted has been past week This tributions of the to the people end organization. M.I.A., the Primary and organizathe great of youth someby that in those distress are might who being into the has brought been There youth. oftions to the problems Some relief. assistance is have also and He great religious of education system and listened to the broadof have you taught that he in participate should

girls'also Saint the proLatter-day orthatcasts from youth have come the great welfare for program, of out of gram. This program youth, which I listened thatganizations. All have these is assignments two he taught

is has fostered being the and I by all refthat with readto have and is, undefiled religion pure what and is Church, one comprehends which this to has youtherence movement namely, to help in those are need, who all the of of needs is places youth and inspiring of comworthybeen and the the aged, the and widows, orphans. into rethe of those hands are in of thinking who youthmendation. But I sure that particiam no young man sponsible for instruments them, wherethe the of world, quesorganizations in pates these assignments but he what this great can impleprogram be by the totion mind, about what came my sees blessing the that will to him come in behalf of to mented guide restored youth the of Church programyouth others and to his of willingbecause

I direct the and along of paths them Christ? the pondof Jesus Lord As ness serve. to

faith, virtue, service question, there to others. that to andered over came

has the privilege The deacon asof that the the thought youth mindmy in the administration of the VK/hen the priesthood of Aaron was sisting Christ of the of Jesusprogram Church is founded upon the priesthood of Al- v * first given to the tribe of Levi.it was sacrament, and no young man could

mighty God. This, program had its entrusted to mature men, but in this listen to the sacramental prayers and

not have a deep and lasting impresand age the day Priesthood Aaronic inception 15, 1829, on when two May sion the mission of what of the Lord been given to translating because an has young men were young men who ancient record ran across a statement of the fact that the members of the Jesus Christ means and what his great that had to do with baptism. A questribe of Levi are not worthy to hold sacrifice on the cross did for all of us.

tion arose in their minds, so they went that priesthood, and hence the heirs The office of the ordained teacher out into the woods and upon the bank of Ephraim are carrying on the work carries great responsibility. At the

of a beautiful river, supplicated God of the Aaronic Priesthood today. We (Continued on page 716)

NOVEMBER 1948 715 DRAW NEAR TO THE LORD (Continued from page 715) Tn 1947, fiftyfour thousand members Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do

age of fifteen he is sent out with a * of the Aaronic Priesthood filled menthistles?gather grapes of thorns, or figs of

member of the Melchizedek Priest- 1,403,461 assignments, twentysix asEven so every good tree bringeth forth hood to teach Israel the gospel of the signments for every one of these good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth

Lord Jesus Christ. In other religious young men, which indicates that they forth evil fruit....

organizations there would be some would have a priesthood assignment Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know question with reference to sending out every two weeks throughout the year. them. (Matt. 7:1617, 20.)

a young man at the tender age of fifThere are some of these young men What are the fruits of the priestteen to teach adults and others the who are not taking full advantage of hood? Some of them are service, testiprinciples of the gospel. I bear pertheir priesthood work, which would mony, virtue, honesty, prayerfulness,

sonal testimony to you that some of indicate that some members of the dependability, respect for authority, the most impressive ward teaching Aaronic Priesthood filled in a year and selection of the proper kind of asthat I have ever listened to has fallen one hundred or one hundred and fifty sociates. As one of the General Aufrom the lips of these young servants of these assignments. Out of the fillthorities it has been my high privilege

of God, and we must never forget that ing of these assignments there comes to interview many of these young they have a promise, a promise that a strengthening of their testimony; people for missions. Some of these

if they will do their duty, they will there comes that training which guides young men have spent several years enjoy that spirit of testimony, namely them into the paths of virtue, of being in the armed forces of our country, the Holy Ghost, which will magnify prayerful and dependable, and a and upon returning have expressed a them before the families that they are building up of the spiritual side of their desire to'fill a mission. I have incalled upon to visit. These young men lives. variably asked them the question:

have other assignments, and out of all I could go on indefinitely pointing "You have been away from home now of them there comes a realization that out to you the achievements of these for three or four years, and you mean they are engaged in the work of the young men. When we speak of the to say that you are now anxious to go

Lord. Aaronic Priesthood and this great and spend two more years on a misWhat about the young man just youth program of the Church, we not sion?"And without hesitating they

budding into manhood who is called only find emphasis on the priesthood, have answered, "Yes, that's the thing to the office of priest? He has the which should come first, but we find I would like to do."They saved

same authority and the same privilege the great auxiliary organizations protheir money while in the armed forces, that John the Baptist had, the foreviding a program that inspires them to the end that it might be used in runner of Christ, in that it is his high and builds them up in their faith and preaching the word of God to the naprivilege and honor to perform the lays the foundation for a testimony. tions of the earth.

ordinance of baptism; and I would We are grateful to the great Primary I learned something else about them.

that every priest in this Church may organization for its work with boys Some of them expressed a desire to rehave that opportunity and privilege, under the age of twelve, and giving turn to the lands of the enemy whose for out of it comes the assurance that them instructions on the priesthood guns they had faced. To me that

he holds the priesthood of Almighty that they are about to receive. The manifested the true spirit of the Christ.

God. Sunday School organization has the That spirit, my brethren, that the SavWhen a priest steps into the waters responsibility of teaching young men ior taught us to cultivate, to love God

of baptism and brings his arm to the the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. and love our neighbor as ourselves, to

square and repeats the baptismal prayThe Y.M.M.I.A. organization prome is the spirit of the peacemaker.

er, it impresses him that he is indeed vides for them a fine cultural and recBlessed are the for peacemakers: they addition program, the reationala servant to are and in of God. These

shall the children (Matt. be called of God. these two, it has fosteredwords he repeats: great pro- a "Having been com- 5:9.)

missioned of Jesus Christ, I baptize you gram for boys, namely, scouting.

in the name of the Father and of the The Church educational system af- '"Phe other fruits of the youth program

Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen."fords daily religious education. The of the Church have been mani-

A short prayer but a prayer wherein Latterday Saint girls'program has fested in other ways. In the fields of

he declares without any reservations in it all of the same factors and elebusiness the young men, who have that he has been commissioned of Jesus ments that we have for the young taken full advantage of all of their

Christ to perform the holy ordinance men, and it too is proving to be a priesthood opportunities and all the of baptism. great success. privileges afforded by the youth proThe priest has the right of adminAs we think of these assignments gram of the Church, have received reistering the sacrament, of blessing the and priesthood training and all that sponsible positions without any queswater and the bread; and no young the auxiliary organizations offer to our tion and have been successful.

man can repeat these blessings young people, we wonder what the I know of one man whose life's dethoughtfully and prayerfully but what fruits of their lives will be. President sire was living the gospel of the Lord

it strengthens his testimony that the McKay has indicated to you already Jesus Christ. He took advantage of

lowly Nazarene who was crucified what the fruits are in some instances. the opportunities of priesthood service

upon Calvary's Hill was the true and It is best illustrated in the words of in his boyhood days, and not long ago the Living Son of God, and the Rethe Savior found in Matthew: a great company was searching for a

deemer appeared in the meridian of very dependable man to take over time to another man, young Joseph

Smith, to the gave world the STARTLED PHEASANT beone knownof its institutions,that no oneandshouldthey applylet it who sweetest story ever told, since his By Dorothy J. Roberts except a member of the Church. This

crucifixion, that he lives. There is no hat bloom is this belated yield young man applied and received the

doubt but what these experiences in Arising from the stubble field? position at a salary of ten thousandthe priesthood affect the lives of these W dollars a year. Why was that comyoung men to the end that what they Not in petals, but on wings pany particularly anxious to have a

do, or think, or say, shall be wholly Its wondrous tint and sheen it flings member of this Church? They knew

compatible with the priesthood which Against the sky. Its polished gold that, if they found the right kind of

they hold. It is as Brigham Young And rich, metallic green unfold, member of this Church, they would

said, if these boys have been guided have a man with integrity and honesty, flower, rocket soaring sudden, A dependability, directed one and as they shouldand and taught be would who neither nor shower sun Needingbe, all those the acts an example to should with they perform worked who be governed by the guidance of the But only an alien step of leather him.

priesthood. To burst its bud in autumn weather. {Concluded on page 720)

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AND ii SAVED Dm Jkome v-5. J5aac5on of the presiding bishopric i

We have so beautifully heard this The world looks brighter in the dawn morning, "Love our Father in heaven, When I pronounce a prayer,

Because try his to serve him keep and comThe Lordit isreassuresreally there,me will bless us mandments, and he to a greater degree than we can ever And that I seem to walk with him realize."Each hour of the day,

Tt may be necessary for us to make WhileOr takingI amtimeoccupiedto play.with work

some adjustments in our lives. It

may be necessary for us to overcome I listen to his counsel strong, courage And find my things, but the has promised some Lord Whenever weary I am if blessings us great to repent we try goes anything when Or and come unto him and partake of his wrong.

life and his Spirit. And what has he And when the day is over,

said about him that overcometh? In And the moon and stars are bright,—Photograph by Eva Luoma I I feel least that the can do that Revelation read: him we "To

tell Is the night. Lord brothers dear Smith, I my will to give eat overcometh the ofPresident Unknown good—Author call and sisters, can and I. you my tree of life.. that overcometh him. To

dear brothers and sisters because I will I give to eat of the hidden manna, May we draw nearer to the Lord feel that way towards you, and I hope and will give him a white stone, and in each day, thank him for the blessings you feel that way toward me, I feel the stone a new name written."(Rev. that we enjoy, try to serve him and

very much humble this morning, and 2:7, 17.) keep his commandments with all the

I can publicly admit that I have asked We can come near to our Father in strength that we can muster, because the Lord not once, but many times, to heaven through that great principle of therein lies the happiness of life and its thisbless to I speak day while you me repentance. prayer and We have

I thatfor a sure moments. few I am praying people. as a known Webeenare arefulness.not happyWithoutnor thosecan weblessings,be successwe

could not occupy this position and say glad to be known as a praying people, ful.

the helpanything without while worth in believe because prayer. bear we We

I will toof the Lord, be grateful and the witness to that world does the Lord T want to bear testimony of the goodyou if I can have an interest in your hear and answer prayers if we ask in ness of the Lord to me. I am gratefaith and prayers. humility, and so we can go to the Lord ful for the association that I have with

is conference, surely a spiritual This our each day of the Authorities brethren of not need the General do lives. We

Spirit the ofand the Lord talking is here in to about to the Lord, worry the dearly. I love very no of Church whom

rich abundance. Each one of us knows matter where we I want to say to

that. The testimonies that we have are, about any of the people of the

listened to about the Prophet Joseph our trials and sorAddress delivered at the Friday Church and to the are true, and the words that we shall rows and probmorning session o[ the 119th whole world that hear from your brethren will be inlems, and the Lord semiannual general conferthere is no disunity spired by the Lord. I hope that we has told us if we ence October 1, 1948, in the Church so

can take the advice and the testimonies ask in faith, he will in the Tabernacle far as the brethren that us, that our to given minds will be us. bless are concerned. No

will Truly, open. canand hearts be we is prayer? greater love hath What

rejoice in the gospel of the Lord. Jesus Someone has said, "Prayer is the most one man for another than is experiChrist. valuable habit a boy can have. It is a enced in the associations with these

If we can live close to our Father in safeguard in youth, a comfort and a men. I know they are men of God; I

heaven, we can partake of his spirit. pillar of strength and power in middle witness their faith each day; I know

If we get too far away from the Lord, life, and in old age a consolation that they believe in the principle of prayer;

we cannot partake of his Spirit. I wipes away the sting of the grave and and I know they encourage the people

have come to believe that the only detakes from death its victory."That is and bless the people because they know

fense that we can have against the the way we can become close to our that is the will of the Lord.

spirit of the adversary or against the Father in heaven, yes, through the With reference to the Sabbath day, spirit of the devil is the Spirit of the principal of prayer, and, oh, that we I was quite astonished recently regardLord. That is truly the great defense could keep our lines open so that we ing the London Olympic Games of the

that we can have.

May I repeat from Corinthians, "Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the ffIf we can live close to our Father in heaven, we things which God hath prepared for can partake of his Spirit.... The only defense we can

them that love him."(I Cor. 2:9.) have against the spirit of the adversary is the Spirit of

it of that, think makes me feelAs I

I the the Lord."understandthat quite cannot

blessings that the Lord has in store for great are him. loveus if They we the those great with wherein Lord and so world communicate can games were ability, to our best of but,blessing, the

his held not on hear answer. that even Sunday, though can many we if truly partake of them can wewe little the of prayer: that people great city of on a poem Just wanted love our can thelove Lord. we How those to forward go games the on I bebest in heaven? way,Father The I morning, each prayer say a day, they because Sabbath could get is to for near us tolieve, him draw right. will turn the out day So

each day of our lives, and it is good And when the sun has disappeared, large crowds and because the revenue for us to study his words and his life. I tell the Lord good night. (Concluded on page 736)

NOVEMBER 1948 717 Holdens. Shall their lives end almost before they have begun? Must

they, born in the fort, die there asSOWIETTE well?

j/nevid (Lxtraomiraoraiviam "LJoweverare no complaintswe might fromreact,anyonethere in that fort on this occasion. There

is only a firm resolve to sell dearly A TRUE SHORT STORY all that has been dearly bought, a stern determination to defend to the the to in fancy, back, us turn treasures. priceless There these VOatkLm lastLet realities years of stark a few (By J. H is giving up, no weakening, no no

-I is It 1850, and ago. we July quitting. of question

are spending a short time with our turned from California with a thouAll are put into a position of degrandparents in Fort Utah.

is and his he fort sand stolen in the horses, and person fense. Every

is Plant Steel Geneva There no spirited. feel prosperous in braves position and which to that disposed largeness testify to of human the to

With the coming of night they will he best can serve. Guns are made conceptions. There is no Joseph

whip themselves into frenzy with ready, and such other weapons asSmith Building to delight us with its beauty. There is no paved street the memory of real and imagined are available are brightened and

wrongs. sharpened for instant use. for us to race over with our autothere us some among who Are silence, utter in has fallen Night automobiles! are nomobiles—there left Missouri never they had wish of the silence almost freighted the or heard seen one ever one hasNo Illinois? to trade wise and we Were of creation. processes Within slow fences, are no one. of no There they though homes, menaced our people white the the fort where telephone bridges, noroads, no race of our were own by enemies is wait, there Outside sound. no in the peach is not a poles. There

in this color, place for the and there wait, also red the wilwhere men apple, a or pear, a valley an or a home, without menaced and derness is nature. living of breath the only Provo! even is not anygrape. There violent deadly more and even by the rustles, leaf perhaps, and A valley, is desolate only a There

all for heartache the foes? Was trills love his call experimenrobin here and checkered sage, withgray feartrying that nothing? and Was is to tally. fundaLife reduced vegetaof tiny patches there with

all a half continent over ful journey mentals. is algrain. prospect bles The and

most as primitive and forbidding as Suddenly, out of the deep quiet when first it materialized under the of the darkness, there comes the hand of the Creator. A few scrawny war cry of the savage, loud, pierchorses nibble here and there, and ing, terrible. There is nothing else

stolid oxen lash their tails at flies. like it. It stuns the mind and chills

it gives promise of at We are in the stockade of the the heart, but fort that has recently been moved least a brief respite. There will be

farther east because of the swampino attack for a short time yet. The

ness of the land nearer the lake. savage needs time in which to work

Our only sustenance comes from the himself up to the killing frenzy as land; our only security is the fort. he borrows courage from noise and

The winter has been exceedingly the fury of his friends. They jump

hard and long. Animals and human about; they dance; they argue; they

beings are reduced to hunger and startle the earth; and every sound is

privation. We contemplate our sitcarried on the soft breeze to the

uation with our neighbors, the Higvery hearts of the settlers within the bees, who are still grieving the death stockade. It is now only a matter of

of their only son, Joseph, at the time. We can only wait and hope

hands of Indians, the Carters, the—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith and pray.

Wheelers, the Blackburns, the And then all at once our attenHuntingtons, the Ivies, the Daytons, in vain? What of the partings, the tion is drawn from the impending

the Egberts, and about two dozen deaths, the sufferings? Are all our tragedy to an interruption, a diverother families. great hopes and high expectations sion that claims all our interest. One

Suddenly, in the midst of our conto fail in one awful night, leaving of the men, Isaac Higbee, father of versation, there comes a report that no record of our aspirations, no that courageous Joseph, has a mesfills us with fear. Chief Walker, monument to our achievements? sage of utmost importance to us and

with four hundred warriors, has Here are R. T. and Mary Ann to the future of the West.

camped a short distance to the north Turner Thomas, and Joseph and and east, waiting for night before Sarah Topham Clark, newly marCowiette, head chief of the Ute attacking the fort and wiping out ried. Is their deep young bliss to Nations, is near with a band of

our pitiful little group. The very come suddenly to an end? Here are warriors, all of them friendly to the

name of Walker fills us with terror. the infant children of the Parks; the white men. The chief has warned

This fearsome chief has just reWeavers, the Nowlens, and the Walker and his renegades that they 718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA must not come against the fort. FOR THIS WE GIVE THANKS"When you move,"he has told

them, "you will find me and my men (Concluded from page 701) fire your imagination, your ambition.

the chocolate (and be finally more may for are more, and hungry You isdefending the it."That word we it

coating, the the rash). worse that in reading And develop a taste for you will attack.receive. There be no this particular allergy should give the we "popular"books modern makesWe are saved. Walker and his men seem as vapid and senseless as theywill continue to make a great deal thanks.We should give thanks for every often are. You are grateful to thatof noise and indulge in a world of good influence in our lives—for good teacher. The relationship between you

bluster, but they will not fight now forebears, good homes, good schools, is not such that you can return her friends, enchurches, good good It good in kind. thoughtfulness might seemthat Sowiette is at hand. tertainment, all principles. good little For course, presumptuous. a you Of

of relief Sighs and prayers of in the influences turned us have which all for say, "I'm grateful can have you thanksgiving go up. Here and there the direction of good and away from done for me."But your real evidence

is a caress that some had thought ill, our thanks should be profound. of gratitude would lie in giving a helpsincere, thanks deeply if our are And ing less to experienced hand someone to share. againnever Here and there

it will us give an responsiof our in than you. a place too, have You,is that a tear otherwise would have others. to childinflu- exert which can you a marked ideaYouth—even

in bitterness.been shed Relief is so to to early unbegin too not for good. ence bilityhood—is

heartfelt that it is painful; rejoicing, derstand the principles of the helping If you have lived in a good home

voiceless as the terror had been. hand. Each of us out of our own exwhere love, consideration, and cooperat- special perience a little life, knows when ation will family dominate you passes, nightAnd so the on the and

little understanding, a little tention, a feeling have developed that a for home takemorrow up life we where little we interest, or a a kind word, apwill of quarreling, the evils unmake dropped it hours ago, the little daily preciation has helped us grow nearer faithfulness, and divorce wholly recares that in the aggregate become our best selves. Since gratitude always pugnant to you. If you have not had

actions of monumental, of Homeric doubles back on its trail in search of this blessing, heaven grant that other proportions. Little things that are a fitting expression of thanks. For good forces have given you the ability

not worth recording grow into an everythe answercharitableis a simple,and kindly"Go helpthoutoandus toloyaltymeasureas avaluescatastrophicso you evilwill nosee matdis- epic that few have the ability to do likewise."ter how palatably it is presented by

record. The noblest record of all books, magazines, and shows. And

is that inscribed in the fleshly tablets 'T'his is the "how"of it: A teacher you will pass this vision on to others.

of the human heart. in school stimulates you to real If someone has stimulated you to

What a debt this community and progress.ceptional Sheabilitysays,in "John,science.youHavehave youexyourmusic,bestpainting,creativeor effortdrama,inorwriting,any otheror

many living here today owe to that read the biography of Pasteur or of fine art, this joyful accomplishment

Indian Sowiette! His was a courage Marie Curie? I'd like to lend them to should be a bulwark against evil that

help to anxious make you another. you."You read these books. They willthat to rise dared above mere loyalIf has someone conscious made you

ty, that a courage of a was devoid of that beauty so recognize haryou consideration of race and self. His The Fort on the Firing line mony in color or music, good lines in

greatness placed him among that a building or a dress, symmetry in a race who are of no time, no place, (Continued from page 689) tree, then you have built up your mental environment for good and shouldno nationality, the race whose only longer, and they considered themall be selves consequently, useful. superior to free from and grateful—and,attachment is to humanity. an influence for faith has When earth. other peoples on made They

life into come established and your a their east raids south according and

I belief in belief in events God, the a ocrecounted of have SaviorTPhe to longestablished custom, bringit belief mankind, in is a prayer, cause is in curred North what now ing their spoils their back capand gratitude to Creyour for thanks—for or,Park, properly, Sowiette more all his tives. ator to of and servants—whoIt isPark. name. Sowiette a good ever they that impels their country became When are—gratitude in lovely to help poetrywould sound and you another to person young a territory, States chalUnited they

life. like in joy inbeautiful oratory. be may We at lenged of the authority the once

forces evil of will never The subbesure sweet to our that it sounded spoilgovernment, on new went and ignoring by dued them. attitude Thegrandfathers. ing the as Mexicans Pueblos and that are impervious you to evil—that recently completed, A monument, it rolls like off off bright, before. you water to a Uncle was Sam Who

commemorates in Sowiette Park the foist his authority and his laws on new raincoat, is neither honest nor deeds of those about whom I have them? Had they not been mocking helpful nor safe.

lies Protection beof the fiberspoken. men, such Of in recognition—in at the of white governments men ing so familiar with can good that you thisred white, nation and was for three the years? hundred And the discern slightest variation from laziness, cowardice,made. Only and white of their had wearied men truth. fundamental lies Protection in

stupidity can make us untrue to the defiance and gone away, leaving the revolting of your young nurtured heritage they left us. The torch them supreme on their native sand. soul against perversions of righteousness. that be Thanks standwe have shall tothey carry us handed we treaty the before Even was signed of ards virtue for and ideals measures till it light the earth.forward whole in with 1848, AlexGeneral Mexico to us keep ourselves; happy to keep us

ander Doniphan had led a division throwing our full weight in the direcof United States troops into the tion of good all of our days.

Navajo country, and had them Believe that evil affects you, for it agree to terms with the new govdoes. And so does good. That our

should so be that ordered both ernment. Accepting the general's lives

us may affect in a good should way be terms was the quickest and easiest our earnest prayer and its answer call (Continued on page 720) forth our deepest thanks.

NOVEMBER 1948 719 THE FORT ON THE MING LINE (Continued from page 719) years or more while they were exmore gain. Easy spoil from a new

way to get rid of him and his troops, tending their frontier towards the quarter—they planned the raids

but these men of the desert had Navajo border, these men of the which in due time were to endanger been free too long to subordinate desert gathered strength and inall the settlements of southern themselves to any outside power solence to offer them, a more alarmUtah.

without meeting some convincing ing challenge than they were ever to Now besides their old plunderdisplay of force. As soon as the receive from any other tribe of trails to the southeast, they would

general and his army disappeared, Indians. have other profitable trails to the

the treaty became a despised scrap The Navajos agreed to no fewer northwest. In the deep and obscure

of paper. than six treaties with the United windings of the Colorado they

They followed their ageold States, disregarding every one of would find secret crossings to be habit of spoiling the people around them with premeditated resolution. used in perfect safety, and from the

them, and in September 1849, GenAfter mocking successfully all that deep solitudes of the big timber eral John M. Washington arrived time at the new government, and they would descend with surprise

with a force to check them, and to mistaking its patience to mean its on the prey. Ten thousand places

arrange what he thought was a weakness, they had evolved a pitiof security would await them as clearer understanding. Trustful and ably exaggerated notion of their they came loaded homeward. The

patient as Doniphan had been, he own power and importance as a new field offered more than the old effected an agreement without harsh people. field had ever yielded.

measures. When it was told in this country, It was at this dangerously proud

Again when the uniformed fightthat Mormon towns, with herds of day of their history that they murers disappeared, the Navajos turned horses, cattle, and sheep, were filling dered George A. Smith and thrust

with a sneer to their old vocation. the hithertodesolate country north the peace envoys rudely from their

The Mormons had recently arrived of the Buckskin Mountains, it borders.

in Salt Lake Valley, and in the two tickled their avaricious hope of (To be continued)

DRAW NEAR TO THE LORD

(Concluded from page 716) a person's being spiritually sick, and I alAs one said, "We stand in the docket

There are some of our young men ways wondered what it was. The big with every lost boy and girl. Have

who become indifferent for one reason wonder in my mind is now a reality. I we a self that is worth putting into a

it I It is don't know. now. what wonder if to another, or is that but question, say I want the and boy?"That

is that experience best the said has been if part, our have done inner have selves we examine not our should we we there said teacher, always mother and my faith planted the of their in seeds or not determine have whether to we I lot learn things of would be would a hearts, far get they cannot too qualities character of us the away within is right. be the so and she hard way, To

from the Church. spiritually sick is a lost feeling. You which should become a part of the

I should like to read to you a few have your friends, but they seem to character of every boy and girl to paragraphs of a letter written to one have no way of helping you no matter make them the kind of men and womof our fine bishops by one of these what they say or do. It is something en that God wants them to be?

is inside, the lost only that from and way all of the boys advantages had in who will there of youth come Out is I inside. the get from it back you can of the of the program youth in Church that things the deed thought and

really inside L.D.S. stepped never an have indifferent. then and I became the taught them over and have you for past years the with chapel an two

If right the years. of kind sow we until real the of of worship God, teachings fellow in receives a The it logically that will the follow seed, I nurses'the his attitudeother to night went when effect life youth great have his a upon fruit forth. will right of kind Falls at come the graduation L.D.S. Idaho Tab- I just beginning find to which out am night, that ernacle. all Elder spoke Moyle bless of us have who God May day.more and teachings each more The

I I lost that realized then very and had a this privilege labglorious high of and I blessings received and from quorum my still I gift in valuable which power had my testithat of oring youth, with out our I while priest teacher a was a and have it. if I to regain to put mind my off I teachings, monies, that of paid out our so could numerously beand not

all gin to instrmcquote them. the it of Also will our examples, all, out of above of This advantage took young man

I tions in received seminary have been declared: as Brigham be Young of the the of Church. For youth program value. things great parents taught The my

indifferent, reason he some became sit individual in the holds from time the in I could a shareme An who up bed have also made me what I am today. Now, but as a result of the proper kind of priesthood, and continues faithful to his

as I stop to look back upon all of the inteaching and the impression it made calling, who delights himself continually structions, both large and small, that I upon his life when he heard a servant in doing the things God requires at his received in my past twentyone years, I of God preaching the gospel of the hands, and continues through life in the have more in the wealth of the better Lord Jesus Christ, there was a ready performance of every duty will secure to himself in the things privilege not only of lot receiving, than a of people life now in his heart, response that and now in the but to receive knowledge thehave a lifetime. how

is his trying find to young man way of things that God, the he may know

I back. particularly with impressed was continually; of mind will and he be God to this to listen I want you statement

in particular. his thought, "I am a cross section of enabled to discern between right and

all the people that have had an influwrong, between the things of God and

I am a cross section of all the people ence upon my life here so far."I wonthe things that are not of God. And the

that have had an influence on my life der if we who are responsible for the priesthood—the spirit that is within him,

far. it Ihere continue until to increase so here on out From becomes on am realize that of Israel youth they are a will

it fountain living of it is like a until water; and own, has taken yearsmy two me cross section of teach them, what we life; it like itof life the tree until find is of married to out. one responcon- The not only but example. by precept bysibilities tinued source of of intelligence father L.D.S. great, are an instrucand

all, After every or whethman woman, tion I that to individual. theand thank for trust Lord the that

he has put in me to carry out such reer a parent, one of the lesser priestsponsibilities. When we were in our hood advisers, or a bishop, is wholly I humbly pray for all of these blesspriesthood quorums I heard a lot about responsible for these young people. ings in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA polkcn FROMIt TEMPLE SQUARE By RICHARD L EVANS

found wanting. People who are loose thieves"may have some classic exit to prove seem would which of amples in their judgment and malicious\ Jvi <dJe&tromna a

that for every one but of to be true, more misothers are the instigators chief and more misunderstanding than does, there are a million to contrarieputaUon can be calculated. There isn't any dict the theory. Fairweather conmortal enemies spirators is soon become that proof heart or any home always caused that has trend A turns tide of fortune and the sit judgin the when them. To** farthinking among concern the of of order is the the heads saving intent with or malicious seat with men is mentagainst

the trend toward encroachment upon irresponsible thoughtlessness is a day. We have seen much of it and

the processes of justice, whereby flagrant offense against humanity. will see yet more of it. There is not

ofor agencies nonjudicialvarious of loyalty cannot be any assurance judgment ye judge, ye and what "With 2 imtry, convict, andficers accuse, is inpurpose a dishonorable where shall judged."be

have without penalties what wepose oaths or volved. are There no bonds

KMatthew 7:2 law."of process "due to callcome threats pledges or penalties or or—September 5, 1948. of poaching is another type thereBut continually strong to hold enough any

upon the judicial process which is combination of men together in any even more prevalent and persistent infamous cause, in prosperity or adis which the judgment thatand in certainty versity. such only The

somepeople irresponsible ma- Z)L Wytk of "JJconorlicious and distrust certainty is the of sequences times presume to pronounce upon the and tragedy and fear and ultimate character and qualifications in whispers, cowardly Oftenpeople. of other f \ieve5 andfailure.old, Andshouldthisrememberall men, beforeboth youngthey

accusers try and condemn a man withHPhere is a familiar scene in the draset out upon any questionable course out any evidence except gossip or * ma of human affairs that is played with questionable companions.

prejudiced opinorhearsay their own—September 12, 1948. often without the accusedions, and years over—-anda overscene thatagainhasthroughoften beenthe

ever having known that he was on known to move through a sequence of the scripturetrial. The word this: like a group of people is something

its injunction against uninpositive of j> accomplishment the combine for not, thatjust judgment: ye be "Judge ends. questionable certain It may be Jhe Condtitution

of mean, judged."1 This cannotnot unfair exploitation for the of some

course, that a man cannot be called advantage; it may be for the deVSTithin the week we of America

to account for his conduct when fairfrauding of unsuspecting people; it *'have seen another anniversary

ly judged by those whose place it is may be for any questionable purof great significance in our history to judge. But there are those who, pose or pursuit—even for the domcome and go>, the anniversary of the

because of some real or imagined ination of a country or the subjugation Constitution of the United States. It

slight, or jealousy, or envy, or prejof a world. Ofttimes the schemers would not be wholly correct to say

udice, or because of the perverted swear themselves to loyalty and sethat this event was passed over withpleasure of gossiping, are given to crecy; they combine with promises and out notice, because here and there it

destroying the peace and effectiveoaths and then set out upon their was referred to—but to say that

ness, the influence and reputation of way, sometimes to realize a measure it was passed by, unnoticed by many others. The fact is that if we are of success. Inevitably, however, Americans, is conservatively within

looking for it, we can find offense sooner or later, something goes wrong. the facts. We have other days of

against any man. We can cut down They overplay their hands; their vicspecial designation which mean much

the stature of any man in the estimatims become sorrier and wiser; the less to us in reality, to which we

tion of others by minimizing his virtues house begins to fall; each one frangive much more attention, for it is by

and magnifying his faults, or we can tically endeavors to extricate himself the very existence of this inspired build up any man in the minds of by sacrificing someone else; and there document and its Bill of Rights that

others by magnifying his virtues and follows a climax of distrust and bewe are guaranteed freedom of speech, minimizing his faults. But the scantrayal. The myth of "honor among freedom of the press, freedom ofdalmongers and the gossips so often worship—indeed, freedom itself.

ignore the real and genuinely fine There are those who have sometimes things about life and people and consupposed that the Constitution is a centrate on the blemishes. And in document which represents one period

the eyes of a jealous or prejudiced of our history but which has passed observer, anyone may be weighed and its prime purpose. But let someone—*Revised anyone—succeed in removing the

1Matthew 7:1 {Concluded on page 722)

eard from the "crossroads of the west*'with the salt lake tabernacle choir and organ over a nation-H wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

NOVEMBER 1948 721

THE SPOKEN WORD FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

(Concluded from page 721 responsible for failure to correct evils checks and balances, the restraints and \Jn >ettlna the World that need correcting—and that is the

guarantees, the powers and the limitalack of moral courage that comes with tions of power, of the Constitution, the failure of a man to have his and the fallacy of this supposition In LJrcler own house in order. He who is carrywould quickly appear in the lives of a "pREQUENTLY when we become aware ing a burden on his own conscience

wiser and sorrier people, who would of conditions that need correction, finds it difficult to set someone else find that they would have to win we wonder why the people who are right whois guilty of the same or freedom all over again. There have responsible don't correct them. In a similar offenses. A prosecutor with a

also been those who have given it home or a family, in a community sense of guilt must feel that he is lip service, but who have sought to or a commonwealth, usually it will be pointing the finger at himself every nullify it in effect; who have supported found that there is someone whose time he accuses someone else. A

it in words, but who have set about moral or legal responsibility it is to parent who corrects a child in matters to bypass it in practice. There are see that questionable conditions do in which he himself does not conalso those among us who enjoy its not exist, and we are led to wonder form is almost always unconvincing.

protection, while they seek to underwhy they are permitted to continue. It is difficult to tell others what to

mine its principles. And so we voice There could be many answers to this do, with conviction, in matters in

again our solemn conviction that "the line of questioning, and to ascribe any which we ourselves do not have a

Constitution of the United States is a one cause would be to oversimplify convincing record. It is true now, as

glorious standard... founded in the the problem. It sometimes happens it has always been true, that there

wisdom of God..."and "established that those responsible for moral or is a lack of strength in anyone whoseby the hands of wise men whom... legal action are lazy or indifferent; own life isn't in order—which often

the Lord God raised... up unto this it sometimes happens that they are accounts for lack of moral courage,

very purpose."May we who enjoy actually unaware of the condition that and which is one of the reasons why

its rights and privileges and blessings needs correction, even though it is their more things that need to be set right be ever earnestly aware of the obligaresponsibility to be aware of it; and aren't set right. We can't be weak

tions and responsibilities of living it sometimes happens that private and inside and strong outside. We can't

under it. And may God preserve it, public opinion is against doing anybe weak at home and strong away.

and may we ourselves be ever vigilant thing about it. Any of these reasons In other words, if we'd like to reform

in preserving it, not only as an historic could be responsible for a person's others, we pretty well know where document, but also as a living instrusitting by and watching things go on to begin. There are more things than

ment of freedom in our own land, and which it is his obligation to see do charity that begin at home, and setas a symbol of hope and of freedom not go on. But beyond all these posting things in order is one of them.

and of opportunity in all others! sible explanations, there is one reason 'Revised

—September 19, 1948. yet unmentioned which is frequently—September 26, 1948.

the conference citizen New York on American Government participation in politics American educational institutions By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM tend and reScience(sponsoredAssociation,by the Americanthe AmericanPoliticalBar main ignorant of our basic institutions.

Head of Political Science Department and Association, and the New York UniDirector of the Institute of Government, American colleges and universities versity School of Law) that too many

University of Utah ** grew rapidly after the Civil War. people may pass through our colleges,

They adopted the "elective system"like Miss Bentley, and never be aware whereby a student might select any that "spinach"—or American goversubject and as a result, the education ment—is available. He reported some

the 7, 1948, editorial SeptemberTn an of the results: In January 1945, people after is analogous to young of many* City Deseret Salt Lake News election FDRDewey contest of in the appears a cafeteria on tray what

quoted Elizabeth Bentley, the exCom- a large, wellordered eating establish1944, only sixtyeight percent of the munist and current key witness before ment. If the chooser is wise, the tray American voters knew who the successthe Thomas committee, as saying: "I will contain a wellbalanced diet. If fully elected vicepresident was—and

knew little about American governnot it will contain more than he or that man is now our president! Only

ment, and I was very little schooled as sh*i can ever assimilate, plus a fancy twothirds of the voters could name the unsuccessful Republican running mateto the American government."Too assortment of chocolate cakes—and

many people can say, truthfully, the no vegetables. So with education under of Thomas E. Dewey. In January

same thing. It is somewhat appalling, the elective system in our large, over1946, only thirtyone percent of our

however, to hear a Vassar and crowded schools. Like the cafeteria people were conscious that there

Columbia University product say so. it has the advantages of a wide range would be a congressional election in

To cap the climax, when asked if of choices. But if the "choosers"are November and only about onethird

Columbia offered courses in American not wise, the end product may, like the could tell the term of a U. S. Congovernment, Miss Bentley replied: cafeteria, result in too much chocolate gressman. Only eleven percent could

"No, they did not teach it."This statecake and a stomachache. But unlike name the U. S. Representative to the

ment is a devastating comment, not as the individual, society recovers with United Nations and six percent knew to the Columbia curriculum, but as to difficulty from social ailments in its something about the Marshall Plan

Miss Bentley's savoirfaire. She evivital organs. And, too often, the after four months of intensive disdently never looked through a catacourses in American government are cussion in press and on radio—- and

log despite her study, reputedly taken passed by, like the spinach, in favor so on.

there, for Columbia University conof some academic chocolate cake.

tains the oldest department of Political (Since World War II many leading in- '"This is November 1948, the month

Science in the United States and is stitutions have taken steps to remedy of our quadrennial American distinguished for its courses and conthis situation.) presidential elections. How is your

tributions in the field of American knowledge of American government in government! The declaration proves "This is not all. Dr. George Gallup these times? Do not underestimate its

much: that too many people may at- X reported, September 29, 1947, at importance—and its complexity!

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing for all. Any such contribution is

welcomed in this day when the Bible is being A. W. forgotten.—/. TIN |f"j\ &&\z*>cce\& A CONCISE REFERENCE TO

THE BOOK OF MORMON REHABILITATION THROUGH Mikado, The Gondoliers, The Pirates Bookstore,(E. L. Whitehead.Provo, Utah.Seventy's Mission

BETTER NUTRITION of Penzance, and others of the light 14 pages. 15c.)

(Tom D. Spies, M.D. W. B. Saunders operas of Gilbert and Sullivan will find

Company, Philadelphia. 1947. this book intensely interesting, re94 pages. $3.00.) vealing as it does so many littleknown A MARK YOUR BIBLE

Dy this book Dr. Spies had added incidents in the lives of this romantic REFERENCE

much to the service he has already duo. In addition to the biographical ma- (E. L. Whitehead. Seventy's Mission

Provo, Utah. Bookstore, field in deficiency the of rendered disterial, interthe contains other book pages. 25c.) 32

eases. to physicians, addressed While esting facts help recreate the which fifty concise headings, ranging from Tn

is the that so the intelliwritten book in lived. Victorian era they which AdminisAuthority and Necessary

it understandinggent read can layman those to Gilbert Even to and whom the the to tration Sick to Tithing and ly. "An effort has been made to deSullivan are unfamiliar, and it seems Urim and Thummin, the compiler

scribe a scientific basis for effecting imincredible that there should be any, places at one's fingertips many of the proved nutrition. From conception to this book would prove unusual readimportant references of the Book of

death, man is beset with impediments to ing.—M. C. /. Mormon.

good nutrition.... It is clear now that After explaining how a Bible may be"

for reference, easy marked he does scientists in the past too placed have AIR CONDITIONING the thing with the of same Book Morroll significance of the a on narrow (Herbert Herkimer and HerkiHarold In his material, mon. supplemental in nutrients the physiological general mer. Publishing Chemical Company, is to priestspace trace provided one's healing processes."cases of The Brooklyn. 1947. pages. 692 $12.00.) genealogy, includes he hood and some

diet are convincing. better through closedin of stuffy day rooms The outside in paragraphs sources from

The recipes given are themselves of homes or business buildings is substantiate the Biblical reference to(I great value. The cause of health over. Now, also, in the heat of sumCor. 15:29) to baptism for the dead.

through the foods we eat is moving mer, rooms can be kept at optimum temUnfortunate mention is here made to the Epistle of Kallikrates, which first forward.-—/. A. W. peratures and humidity. A new induslate twenties. in the appeared This air conditioning, has up, to grown

is piece of to admitted be work nowHOW MUCH DO YOU KNOW try,the longedfor comfort increased and fiction, in written "not as a hoax, but ALCOHOL?ABOUT of health the people.

spirit the of mighthave-been."(See Association Carskadon. R. (Thomas air conditioning probe may How July 1945, Era, The 5c.) Press, 31 pages. York. New is the vided of this theme book. The L. Z., page Jr. 386.)—AImprovement

isITS subject treated every UP from TO angle—YOU

(Seward Hiltner. Association Press, the science of it and the engineering of

I PRESUME?New York. 32 pages. 10c.) it. While the book is addressed to the AFRICA,

These two pamphlets will help all technical man, the first seven of the (Alan Reve. Macmillan Co., New

pages. York. 1948. $3.00.) 232 evil. fighting liquor the are who twentyfour chapters are interesting

interare of perennial books Travel in facts not are condensed themThere reading for nonprofessional people.

illustrated this est, volume, andgenerally known.—/. author, A. W.—/. A. W. cleverly the is no exception. by

CONCISE CHEMICAL AND Trading on the famous, "Dr. Livings-

I ALCOHOL REACTION YALE for tone, AT Stanley, his presume?"of DICTIONARYTECHNICAL ( Ernest InformaGoodon. The Alcohol title, leads the author us Cairo from Editor. Chemical (H. Bennett,

Press, tion Francestown, N. H. side the eastern of along Africa to Brooklyn.Publishing Company,

1946. pages. 87 $1.00.) is freighted book Cape Town. The 1947. pages. $10.00.) 1055

is needed and quite with personalities who make EgyptThis useful, dependable dictionary of This pamphlet 50,000 technical words will serve worth reading. It is an intelligent, what it is today. The book also affords

workers in almost every profession and forceful refutation of the deceptive an insight into some of the sidelights business. It is of equal value for the arguments for alcohol. It is brimful of of the African character in general.

general reader who often comes across references to dependable experiments—M. C. /.

technical expressions. The definitions and experiences that prove alcohol to

It is a be man's enemy. good weapon upto-date. concise,are clear, and WINGS OF SONG ON king, the against whiskey the diagrams book STORYTables and modest THE OF make MENDELSSOHN

it in be though form appearance. and Humphreys. (Dana practiHenry Holt & Co., helpful to students andmoretioners. It is an excellent volume, al-—/. A. W. New York. 285 pages. $2.50.)

most remarkable in its scope and acThis biography of Felix Mendelssohn stimulate interest greater should not a BIBLE treatment,curate be recomcan which THE FOR YOUTH his in only in the also of music but music

Sharp. Publishing Standard techhighly in (C. J.mended when this day other composers.

nical words outrun ordinary knowlCompany, Cincinnati, Ohio. What is particularly valuable in this

series of of biographies composers pub1947. pages. 60c.) 127 A. W.edge.—/. lished is that Holt Henry by Company, & itself, the of the words Tn book The

in addition to the material biographical an fit is & BibleGILBERT SULLIVAN "prepared to Youth for appendix includes bibliography, a full a

Purdy.(Claire Lee of specific Illustrated. Julian a needs in church number glossary of musical terms, biographical

Messner, Inc., New York. and public school Bible teaching."It notes about famous persons introduced into

276 pages. $2.50.) aims to serve junior high school stuthe book, a list of the composer's works

recordings, list and a comparative of thrilled to the music its who have tables,rpHOSE maps, charts, dents, but and andevents the concerning in world which

Pinafore, it interestanswers, and The questions H.M.S. make1 of The lived. Mendelssohn C. /. M,

NOVEMBER 1948 723 Humanity Calls Fable of a Good Man "p very three minutes someone in the United States "TThere is a story about a man who lived a good dies of cancer—many lives needlessly sacrificed "Christian"life, thought the world of his neighbecause of ignorance, carelessness, false modesty. In bors, and feared God—in fact he feared him so much

this day of enlightenment ignorance is no excuse. that the man hadn't been inside a meetinghouse for

Information is available to anyone who really wants to forty years. And contemplating the worth of such a

be forewarned of cancer, which strikes young and old, man, we feel that while there are many meetingrich and poor alike. attenders who could learn much from him in the apIf women and men would be informed on these plication of the second great commandment—loving

danger signals, they could safeguard themselves. But one's neighbor as oneself, this man himself has much

this isn't enough; the danger signals must be followed to learn.

up. Carelessness in neglecting to have an examinaAlthough he had zeal concerning his neighbor's

tion means loss of vital time—and may mean the difwelfare, this man robbed God of his share of the tithes

ference between life and death. Putting off the trip and offerings necessary for the building of the Church

to the doctor for a few days is a risk not worth takand kingdom upon earth. And while this man ading. Carelessness never pays—least of all where mittedly lived a good "Christian"life, he robbed himcancer is concerned, for in its early stages cancer can self as well. He robbed himself of the counsel and

be cured in almost every case. encouragement and spiritual development that would

No one is safe; cancer strikes one out of every two have been his if only he had attended to his meetings

homes—among rich and poor alike. And no one and other Church work.

knows where it may strike next. Cancer is the unYes, this man has his counterparts in every comcontrolled growth of cells or tissues of the body. It munity. They may be the first to offer a helping hand

is not a disease caused by a germ or infection coming to neighbors in time of trouble. But these men and

from outside the body. It is not contagious nor their communities would each be better, if such men

hereditary. The miracle of life is something wonderwould enlist for themselves the strength that comes

ful to contemplate—how each complex person started through Church activity. A. L. Z., Jr.

life as a single cell, and how this cell divided and redividefl until maturity occurred. These cells sometimes, through some strange action or reaction, go on Plan for Peace

a rampage and become "outlaw"just as a person may A rmistice Day of 1948 seems like a far cry from the defy law and order. These "outlaw"cells become Armistice Day of 1918, and yet with all the failures

cancer. of the intervening years there has been real accomplishWhat causes cancer is not completely known, but ment on the road to peace. The League of Nations,

it is certain that cancer never develops in healthy which was made a political football, has been replaced tissue. Therefore, when any condition results in the with the United Nations, which, although not perfect,

breakdown of normal cells, cancer may be in the has won the support of nearly all parties and peoples offing. throughout the world. In the short time of its functionGreat work has been done by the many volunteer ing, this program has evidenced sincerity of purpose

workers whose public service has been phenomenal. that augurs well for the movement.

But even it is not enough. There is urgent need for Naturally, such an organization will of necessity be

more volunteer workers throughout the United States. slow of development, but the important factor is that

Women who have any time available should go to it is developing. While there are violent disagreements

their nearest cancer centers they where of the meetthe pursuance even walkouts—in may be direct-—and

ed in vital what they do in this work. may nations have that the delegates fact ings, the of many

There is likewise a desperate need for additional been forced by the machinery of the United Nations funds with which to carry on this tremendous proto face their problems, discuss them openly, and listen gram to educate the public and at the same time care to others discuss them is a tremendous stride forward for those whose dire distress demands assistance, and in the procedure of understanding.

at the same time provide funds for consistent research It is always a helpful sign when people can come on this dread menace to life and happiness. together to discuss their problems. Solutions may not

Surely all who have escaped cancer should be eager always be forthcoming from this discussion, but there to help others less fortunate, and all who have had is a greater possibility of reaching sound conclusions cancer strike their families or friends will wish to and action than where no discussion occurs.

extend knowledge and aid. Thus 'all may help—by In personal relations it is often found that misundervolunteer service and money—which are both urgently standings can be completely wiped out when people

needed in conquering cancer, which needlessly brings talk through their disagreements. Such is proving

sorrow, distress, and death into our communities. more and more to be the case in the disagreements

—M. C. ]. between nations. All should be informed on the work

(Concluded on page 742) M. I. A. Theme "Semmfor ttj? sabbatlf imy, tn knp it Ijnlg."194849

Exodus 20:8

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prophet used great effort to restore the original meancxxvlli. lA/kat jr5 the rn5pired ing of the Bible.

Out of this mass of material only a few examples

Jranslatiovi of the HSMei canThebe aboveshownmentionedhere. 1 work on the Book of Genesis

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and those associated with appears as the Book of Moses in the Pearl of Great him, had been brought up on the teachings of the Price. It adds much information to the somewhat

Holy Bible. It was assumed that the English Bible had meager account in the Bible.

been translated correctly and completely from the Numerous slight but important changes were made.

original manuscripts. Exodus 32:14 says: "And the Lord repented of the

The teachings of the Book of Mormon with other evil which he thought to do unto the people."The innew revelations from the Lord, convinced the Prophet spired version reads: "And the Lord said unto Moses,

that there were errors, unauthorized additions, and inIf they will repent of the evil which they have done, complete statements in the sacred volume of the Old I will spare them and turn away my fierce wrath....

and New Testaments. Exodus 7:3 says: "And I will harden Pharaoh's

This did not really seem so surprising, since the heart, and multiply my signs and wonders in the land original manuscripts had not been available to the of Egypt."The inspired version reads, "And Pharmany translators of varying ability. Moreover, there aoh will harden his heart, as I said unto thee; and thou

would be a natural tendency to inject into the text shalt multiply my signs and wonders, in the land of personal explanations of passages obscure to the Egypt."

translators. I Samuel 16:14 says: "But the Spirit of the Lord deSuch errors seemed to the Prophet, a devoted lover parted from Saul, and an evil spirit from the Lord

of truth, out of keeping with the sacred nature of the troubled him."The inspired version reads, "But the

Bible. Therefore, very soon after the organization Spirit of the Lord departed from Saul, and an evil

of the Church, after placing the matter before the spirit which was not of the Lord troubled him."

Lord, he began the "inspired translation"of the holy There is no need to comment upon the rational imscriptures. In June 1830, less than three months after provement in the above verses.

the Church was organized, he had had revealed to John 4:2 says: "Though Jesus himself baptized not,

him the "visions of Moses."In December 1830, Sidney but his disciples."The inspired version reads: "Though

Rigdon, who had just joined the Church, was called he, himself baptized not so many as his disciples."So

to act in this work as scribe to the Prophet. ends a long controversy.

The two brethren labored on the task with all posMelchizedek, for whom the higher, Holy Priesthood sible regularity until July 21, 1833, when with divine is named, is a mystical figure in the Bible. He is spokof as of a king righteousness, priest Salem, King of permission the "translation of the and review"Old en

the of high most God. Paul of speaks 2 The Apostle time until a suitable was sealed and New Testaments

of publication, which unfortunately, in the troubled Christ as a priest after the order of Melchizedek.8 Litlife of the Prophet never came. tle more. The inspired version however makes him

After the death of the Prophet, Brigham Young sent a more human being. It says:

Willard Richards to Emma Smith, to secure the trans- "And now, Melchisedek [Melchizedek] was a priest lation which was partly in manuscript, and partly in of this order; therefore he obtained peace in Salem,

marginal notes in the family Bible. She refused to and was called the Prince of peace.

surrender the material then, but at last in 1866 she "And his people wrought righteousness, and obgave the material to the committee of publications of tained heaven, and sought for the city of Enoch which the Reorganized Church, by whom the material was God had before taken, separating it from the earth, later published. having reserved it unto the latter days, or the end of

However, at the request of the Prophet, Dr. John the world;

M. Bernhisel had made a copy, both of the manuscript, "And hath said, and sworn with an oath, that the

and of the marginal page changes. This copy is now heavens and the earth should come together; and the

in the library of the Historian's Office in Salt Lake sons of God should be tried so as by fire.

City. "And this Melchisedek, having thus established

It is not really correct to say that the Prophet transrighteousness, was called the king of heaven by his lated the Bible. Rather, he corrected errors in the people, or, in other words, the King of peace.

Bible, and under revelation added long statements. "And he lifted up his voice, and he blessed Abram,

Nor is it really certain that the work was finally finbeing the high priest, and the keeper of the storehouse ished. Had he gone over the Bible again he probably of God;

would have made additional corrections. He seems "Him whom God had appointed to receive tithes for

to have given special attention to certain portions of the poor.

the Bible. "Wherefore, Abram paid unto him tithes of all that

But, as it stands, he performed a vast work. Drs. he had, of all the riches which he possessed, which

Sidney B. Sperry and Merrill Y. VanWagoner state God had given him more than that which he had need.

in that Genesis, 12,650 that were added words and further xFor study Sperry and Wagoner, Van Inspired Re- "The vision of the Bible,"Era, Improvement Vol. 43, Thesee 336, 270, pp. 206, in the the verses other 693 of changed were books to April 472, 408, 536; September, 1940; also R. Etzenhouser, Three The

Bibles. the In these Testament. Testament, authors Old New

14:1820; sGenesis 7:1-6 Hebrews 1,453 verses In say that changed. the four gos-. were, "Psalm 5:6. H0:4; 10; Hebrews 7:7-21 6:20;

pels alone, 1,036 verses were altered. Certainly the (Concluded on page 738)

NOVEMBER 1948 725.

How to Make Canned Cream Snun

Jke CaniA Jkanksaivivias

By WALTER K. PUTNEY

When instructions for the 1 863 a regular day was set for the cessful defense of a village from Indian preparation of condensed the as attack; of deliverance Thanksgiving epidemfrom observation and IN call canned for soups Prior ics last sickness. of of November. Thursday milk, use water, cream

it felt appointed seem, as Strange that, to Thanksgiving towns was may it just undiluted Morning as Milk or—until late right that the spring for to they ignore dates from varying any had

difcan. taste the comes the from Then

fall, set over governor's given the proclamation not and a date day was and ference! Doublerich Morning Milk in the their suited convenience, best observed to festivals to but own was

adds extra smoothness, extra richness true spirit of thankfulness because of and it frequently happened that while to cream soups that everyone loves! some incident that caused relief or the large seaport towns celebrated a Take a tip from famous cooks—happiness to the people. day of Thanksgiving as appointed,

use smoothrich in all Morning Milk there might a halfdozen nearby be first Thanksgiving held by was The recipes calling for cream. milk or the celebrated that same towns of the colony the of Popham people

in what is now the state of Maine and Thanksgiving on as many different was, because of the usual perilous trip days. There were good reasons for

Always Use across the water. In fact, that obsuch action because the fall work was

servation was held before the people necessary to prepare for the winter were really settled in the village. The and, if that work was not completed, MDHMG next one was the observation at the people felt that a day, taken out

Plymouth, in November 1621, and that from work, might cause trouble. So MILK was a very serious and solemn affair they simply postponed the celebration

because the colonists were indeed until they were ready for it.

thankful for the survival of the colony One very interesting reason is found

MOTHER. MOTHER, I've after a winter of almost unendurable in one town, for not celebrating

BEEN THINKING WHAT hardships. Yet all was not seriousness, Thanksgiving on time. The fall work

I SAW YOU DO, for a full week of joyful celebration was done; there was nothing to prevent

set barrel except the observing a day those sports of games, held, THE with was BAKE TODAY, YOU arbarrel not of molasses! had That Indians the feasts at days, which and GIRL f CLABBER BISCUITS MADE the rived so York, good and from New guests. were EAR, WAV, MY <Jg various the not could make housewives SO, OH, in TASTY.'first Thanksgiving, public The WithJJJ GLABBER dinthe for Thanksgiving dishes which join, all to asked people were which TELL HOW ME qBAKIN6 GIRLG)RL the townspeople noted. ner So was the of the governor proclaimed by was THATl TO BAKE POWDER until celebrating to the no voted do FebColony, on Massachusetts Bay

WAY. ruary 22, 1630, and from that time barrel of molasses arrived!

until the colonies became independent there were only twentytwo public

Thanksgivings held in that colony. In

Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland, and other colonies there were also Thanksgiving days, but they, too, were few and far between. The first printed

Thanksgiving Day proclamation was issued in 1677, prior to which each its through inhabitants notified town the Josephine B. Nichols crier went through the who town

streets telling people of the appointFireside Parties days. Thanksgiving of ments

relatives friends gather and TIThen... Mother, She Ask Knows ** for holidays, the the before of for celebrating days reasons nHE is Girl the baking Clabber powder fire, crackling or the gang when wood varied, each but were "* Thanksgiving

.. with the action double in after balanced will there the game, be comes relief the showed and one a good was

in Right, tantalizing the mixof the aroma good homeanxieties. colonists from of The the

food. spun Light, ing bowl; *r the of that earliest most records show

Housekeeping from the Oven. ViLood with Squash Acorn Sausage Balls the of because observed days were

*4DVtHlsn< Beans Baked where to settlements of food bringing the people were half starved. Other Crisp Green Salad

craftscolonists muchneeded and new Dixie Sandwiches Ham CLABBER GIRL days were because of the coming of Apple Cider * * * * Doughnuts cattle, of ships with the arrival men; Potato Salad Hot

dogs, of utensils badly needed by the Sweet Pickles people; the recovery, from serious illApplesauce Cake Grape Juice

162 A ness, of a colonial governor; the suc- #

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hot Spiced Tomato Juice Clothespin Crullers with Crab Filling

Pineapple Cottage Cheese Salad

Celery and Olives Little Pumpkin Pies Lots of our customers are converts

Acorn Squash With Sausage Balls

Wash squash; cut in half crosswise.

Bake cut side down in moderate oven (350) thirty minutes. Brown little sausage balls; if necessary, pour off excess

fat. Turn squash; fill centers with sausage

balls. Continue baking thirty minutes, or

until tender.

Doughnuts 2 eggs 1 cup sugar 3 tablespoons butter 4J cups flour 32 teaspoon nutmeg 2 teaspoons cream tartar 1 teaspoon soda J/2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup milk

Combine eggs and sugar and beat very light; add melted shortening, slightly

cooled. Add sifted dry ingredients alternately with milk. Roll on a floured board

to onehalf inch thickness. Cut with

doughnut cutter and let stand twenty minutes before frying. Fry in deep fat in a

heavy kettle, turning as soon as doughnut rises and browns; brown other side. (Fry

at 365 for about five minutes.)

Dixie Ham Sandwiches Let the crowd make their sandwiches:

Have ready toasted, buttered hamburger buns, slices of broiled or baked ham, slices of jellied cranberry sauce, crisp lettuce leaves, and prepared mustard.

In recent months many young houseApplesauce Cake keepers have learned a valuable lesson cup shortening cup sugar—"you can't wash clothes with coupons".

egg Nearly every day this very practical cup raisins cup nuts experience makes more converts to teaspoon soda FelsNaptha Soap.

teaspoons baking powder teaspoon cinnamon teaspoon cloves It doesn't take long to see why teaspoon 'A salt FelsNaptha is the real 'bargain'in 1 cup applesauce 2 cups sifted flour laundry soap. FelsNaptha combines

two great cleaners—mild, golden soap Cream fat and sugar thoroughly. Add

beaten eggs, raisins, and nuts. Sift flour and active naptha. It gets out the grime

with spices, baking powder, and salt. Add most soaps can't budge. It is quick andto first mixture. applesauce and Add

soda. Mix thoroughly. Bake in greased ever so gentle with delicate fabrics

paperlined loaf 9-inch square pan. Bake especially baby things. It's a positive time 350* F. atfortyfive minutes

and labor saver for "The Lady of The House".

Clothespin Crullers With Crab Filling

Use favorite roll recipe. Roll dough oneThese are the "specials"and "exfras"you always get

fourth inch rest thick. Let ten minutes.

IN PHI LA. with FelsNaptha Soap... af a fair and modest price. MADE in threefourths inchCut inch seven by BYFELS8.CQ.

strips. Wrap each strip around a long

greased clothespin. Leave head of clothespin exposed. Brush rolls with melted fat.

Let rise and bake. Twist clothespins, pull GOLDEN BAR OR GOLDEN CHIPS

out. Fill center with crab filling.

Cra& Filling 1 cup flaked crab meat FelsNaptha Soap 34 cup mayonnaise 34 cup catsup BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY"

Mix all ingredients together and chill.

(Concluded on page 728) NOVEMBER 1948 727

Cook's Corner {Concluded from page 727)

Little Pumpkin Pies

1 cup brown sugar 33 cup cornstarch 34 teaspoon cinnamon Yi teaspoon nutmeg Y2 teaspoon ginger Yi teaspoon salt.;.-.-.; V.w.-..,,,. 2 egg yolks

2 cups milk V/2 cups pumpkin

Mix cornstarch, sugar, spices, and salt.

Add enough milk to make a paste. Scald

rest of milk and blend with paste. Stir

constantly until thickened. Cook ten minutes. Add egg yolks and stir for one minute. Add pumpkin. Remove. Fill individual cooked pie shells. Cover with

meringue or whipped cream.

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

'Is; idea submitted, are that two with the same

will earlier receive the Make every meal a party! the postmarked one

Add extra fun and sparkle to all your holiday gatherings dollar.but eachNonewill receiveof the ideascarefulcanconsideration.be returned,

with these attractive Tavern Candles. For Thanksgiving

there are golden pumpkins, stately turkeys and The next time you make a laundry bag, ends. both This wilj a drawstring to dress put on all ready women - and Puritan men little

it. facilitate T., Hinckley, E. emptying hospitality. and cheer traditional for your table up 1 Utah.

If you have anyone in your family who it is can't very stand is ill and on his feet, chair kitchen to have an ordinary Tavern Candles in Holiday Boxes handy chair. caster rollers leg of the in each

to, easily be pushed then can are welcome Christmas gifts, too withThe patient the bathroom and around the house. (I have

had rheumatic fever for the past ten months, and we have used a chair like this for me, concerned.)—/?.and it has been aM.greatW. help{agedto 10),everyoneFillmore, Utah.

In order to prevent water from boiling s away in the bottom compartment Qfs a,

it boiler, often does withoutdouble which comhis sleigh and - Saint Nick Sleigh In Santa small -Four Fawns lid com-. in the Small warning, place a jar water or alone Effective candle. intriguing in one bined in high... 3 inches fawns is ttye,-lidj partment. low, water When decorations $1.00 with other gift box 754 will C., rattle C. to warn R. theyou.—Mrs.

Ogden, Utah.

Keep a pair of dark glasses in the laundry, and when the sun is bright, slip, them om x before hanging out the white qlothes.—C. S., Worcester, Pa.

When storing empty fruit bottles,, wash, y- thoroughly and place used lid (if. Kerr type),

bottle. ring place bottle reversed and on n,

colorful person, in - Santa Head the Santa from lid rubber,- visitors the the old prevents Reversing Set—Two Eskimo is burning, candle brighc. When and and their Sun, on., lid; the Midnight bottle. the to sticking Placing from of Land high. 5"lights up. face Santa's JJ 95 Igloo home clean-.bottles bottle keeps, 754 washed the empty

er and saves much time in cleaning at can-;.

ning time.—Mrs. H. L Ogden, Utah.

AVAILABLE AT DEPARTMENT STORES—GIFT SHOPS—AND OTHER RETAIL STORES If you have company and need an extra

bed, just pull out the cushions a few inches away from the back of your divan and put a rolled up blanket or quilt in the space.

This extra width will make sleeping much more comfortable. Mrs. N. C. M Salt

City, Utah. TAVERN CANDLES Lake

728 TH IMPROVEMENT ERA..

..!

A sweetheart for a winter start

Want to get off to a good start? Then let weather performance. It's lighter... freeryour nearest Conoco Mileage Merchant flowing. Saves wear on your battery besteer you right.. cause it gives you faster starts.

He'll tell you that when it comes to fast, And second, N'b oil eAr/raprotects against smooth winter starts, a lot depends on "dry"friction starts... saves wear on enhaving the right kind of oil in your engine parts... because it contains a special

gine. He'll tell you, too, the right oil is added ingredient that actually OILwinter-grade Conoco 3NT*& Motor Oil. PLATES metal surfaces.

First, because Conoco N'* wintergrade So, if you want to start off right—and

Motor Oil is specially refined for coldright off—on the next wintry morning..

! Make a date to OilPlate

Copyright 1948, Continental Oil Company

NOVEMBER 1948 729 1949 Priesthood Study

Course Available

nTHE Melchizedek Priesthood study course for 1949 is a continuation of "Church History and Modern Revelathing voluntarily to keep alive their Work"divided by the corresponding tion."Volumes two and three of the Church affiliation. A careful analytotal enrolment will result in the propDocumentary History of the Church sis of all quorum members, whether acer "weighted"percentages.

will be used as the basic lesson text. tively participating in quorum meetings

A special lesson outline, similar to or not, will show that with but few those of the past two years, has likeexceptions some activity is in evidence.

wise been prepared. The facts thus ascertained may be valMelchizedek Priesthood Monthly

Word has been received from the uable in determining methods of appublishers that volume two of the proach and kinds of activity through Quorum Lesson for December has History been completedChurch those present participawhich whose LESSON ELEVEN: December 1948 outlines are also the lessonand that limited be somewhat tion may may

to areavailable. Brethren urged brought into full place be fellowship. back "Instructions in Ordinance Work"the possiearly totheir orders avoid the second "Instrucof the page On

bility secure being to unable of such roll tions"in the several and report Reference Priesthood Mechizedek in the latermaterials year. following: books be found the may Handbook,: p. 85 to Section XVI, to direct sent orders All should be

the Deseret Book Company, 44 East Number (or Percent) Engaged In Any end of p. 86.

South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Church Work. This item is on the quarterUtah. Each order should be accomly report. Any effort actually expended 1. Who are commissioned to perpanied by check or money order made which demonstrates a willingness to proform the ordinances in the Church?

payable to this company. Volume two mote the temporal or spiritual programs of 2. Are there set forms or prayers to

the Church considered be may "Engaged and given be memorized of with most History the theof Documentary of In Church Following Any Work."If is the so, holy ordinances? them. name sells lesson the for $1.75 andChurch list suggested a items which be so of may 3. are those prayers found? Where sells three of 35c. foroutline Volume considered: at priesthood Attendance

4. the are in essential elements What will available historythe be Church meeting, sacrament meeting, Sunday blessing children, conferring of the firstafter the year. of I. the School, A., or committee meetings; M.

This new lesson course covers one payment of tithing; payment of fast offerpriesthood, consecration of oil, adminof the most fascinating and critical peings, if paid by members themselves; conistering to the sick and dedication of

riods in the history of the Church. Durtributing to Church welfare program either graves?

ing this time the organization and pracin cash or labor; contributing to building 5. What are the essential elements in

either programs, labor; or in cash engagconfirmation of the and bestowal Holy vastlytices of the exChurch were

ing in service for project the benefit of Ghost? built Kirtland thepanded, Temple was others. 6. Should priesthood leaders quorum in the begun workand missionary was

British Isles, accompanied by marvelThis lastnamed item includes all or any other individuals in the Church ous manifestations of the Lord's powtemple activities. publish small booklets setting forth iner. The Book of Abraham was brought To reflect trends accurately, all perstructions about ordinances and giving

to light, the grand revelation on priestcentages on this report must be forms of suggested prayers?

hood (D. & C. Section 107) was "weighted"percentages. On this par- 7. Should brethren officiating in the

received and the expulsion of the ticular item this percentage is ascerordinances where the Lord has not reSaints from Missouri through the intained by the several quorums submitvealed a definite prayer repeat memfamous extermination order of Goverting reports. Where group reports are orized prayers?

nor Boggs was completed. A study of sent to quorum secretaries, these show 8. It is suggested that during this lesthese events will do much to strengththe number of members engaged in any son period the priesthood brethren be

en brethren with the assurance that this Church work rather than percentages. instructed in all ordinances that they

work is divine and that the priesthood The total number shown divided by may be called upon to perform.

bestowed upon men in this Church is the quorum enrolment will result in the the power of God to speak and act percentage of those engaged in any authoritatively in his name. Church work. For example, if the

total number reported in this item is Questions and Answers fiftysix and the quorum membership is Question 72: In some quorums and

Instructions Concerning seventy, just divide the quorum memgroups we have continued using the old (fiftysix) bership reported by the toroll record are and books saving and enrollment (seventy) quorum and"Percent Engaged in Any tal recently for sent ones us future the new is the percent. percentage eighty

use. approve? Do you

the stake report only summary OnChurch Work"72: Answer No. All roll and record the in percent of those engaged any

Individual letters have been sent to Church work is shown. To determine books except those provided this year

A nearly all stake presidencies explainthe stake percentage for this item, as and marked "1-48 Revised"on the flying the purpose of the item on the well as the percentage of the combined leaf are obsolete. The report blanks

quarterly Melchizedek Priesthood reelders or seventies quorums, where in the old books do not contain all the ports, "Percent Engaged In Any there are two or more, it is necessary information required this year.

Church Work."In addition instructo determine how many brethren are Question 73: On the new quarterly

tions were given concerning the proprepresented by the percentage shown stake report, how is item No. 6, "Perer procedure for determining such inby each quorum. In the foregoing excent Engaged in any Church Work,"

formation. Special items were pubample the percentage shown was to be computed?

issuelished in the Imeighty. the August Since membership quorum of The

16 issue and is seventy, the this perAnswer 73: In order to secure aprovement which number Era the May

of The Church News. Some misundercentage represents may be determined proper "weighted"percentage for Item

standing still seems to persist. by multiplying the two figures. The No. 6, it will be necessary for stake

This item is for the purpose of resultant answer is fiftysix. The secretaries to determine the number of

checking up on all quorum members to total number in each division of the quorum members represented by each determine those who are doing somereport "Engaged In Any Church percentage shown.

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Specific priesthood quorum rehabilitation activities have included the following:

1. Placing quorum members and members of their families in permanent jobs. In

some instances through trade school trainH00ttl0 o d ing, apprenticeships, and in other ways,T quorums have assisted their quorum memCONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE bers to qualify themselves for better jobs.

G. B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; BENSON, TAFT EZRA MARION ROMNEY, HAROLD TWELVE

2. Assisting quorum members and their E. LEVI CLIFFORD KAY, SONNE, EDGAR YOUNG, YOUNG, ALMA THOMAS E. MC

families get established to of in businesses

S. L. R. A. IVINS, EVANS, RICHARD OSCAR KIRKHAM, DILWORTH ANTOINE

their as: such own, R. R. MILTON BRUCE HUNTER, YOUNG, MC CONKIE

a. Farming, fruit growing, chicken raising, and kindred pursuits.

Ordinances and Ceremonies Spiritual and Temporal Frequently it has been possible, where the right of kind been has teamwork manifested to pertaining official instructions TPhe Rehabilitation in assist to priesthood fellow quorums, a of ceremonies ordinances and the to locate land bequorum member on and the in published the as Melrehabilita- Church, temporal and "Cpiritual selfsupporting. come This done has been reare Priesthood Handbook, chizedek just tion"meaningless be may in various of the as such ways, giving

all to aid an as iterated herewith this unless Certainly to some. words successful counsel the farmers, by loan by in the quesunderstanding brethren into concrete translated idea of can be machinery equipment, seed and farm and

in Melchizedek the tions monthly posed animals, in donating labor it and plantactivities ineffective. by remains This for lesson DecemPriesthood quorum

ing harvesting. and is finest the of perhaps one quorum this page. appears ber, on which

services, and yet it is quite often among Quorum personal welfare committees

Those who hold the priesthood in the the most neglected. should know which individuals in each

in financial are distress. quorum Where Saints of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church a quorum member To rehabilitate

is inability the distress to to due obmeet auwith the divinely commissioned are spiritually in strengthenis to assist him that that ligations ordinances thority holy perform to are delinquent, a as such are essential to the happiness and eternal ing and developing his spiritual endowmortgage, a thorough study of each inwelfare of our Father's children. ments and capacities so they may be dividual problem should be made by the

in the set are forms Church. few There in utilized effectively accomplishmost officers, priesthood of quorum the with aid

Spirit directs the priesthood. The Holy his the concerning welfare the divine committee. purposes ward purpose The forms, set the ing following than Rather

of the study is to ascertain his and where why church, his fellow men, his Maker, live that they have brethren should so may the inspiration of the Spirit of God when family, and himself. an individual is failing and to determine

measures be what devised or assistin may officiate ordinances. the to called upon quorum a member To rehabilitate direct, simple, will to rendered their ance foreprayers be save a mortgage Then

help is to him become in sight the effective of temporally appropriate, and If closure the priesthood on the farm. quoGod. productive and selfsustaining in an rum and the ward welfare committee are

The only forms, either for prayers or occupation where he can be contented unable to supply the necessary assistance, ordinances outside the temple, in which and render maximum service. the matter should be referred to the stake

is specifically are prescribed the wording welfare committee the stake agriculand activities conevident, such As is the pertaining those adto baptism and for tural committee recommendations. the stitute principles underlying the of sacrament. the ministration These may

be found in the twentieth section of the Church welfare program. These re- b. Barbering, tailoring, hair dressing, and

Doctrine and Covenants and in chapters sponsibilities have been assigned to the other service trades.

five of of the four Moroni Book and c. Printing, etc. sawmill operating, The of Priesthood quorums in Melchizedek of the Mormon. Book is field limitless. the pertinent the of Church. Some revealed in our set forms been have No 3. Assisting their quorum members and this as pertaining to factors program, of children, blessing pertaining to the day families to obtain by: homes

the of bestowal confirmation and Holy in the outlined Melchizedek Priest- a. Making

priesthood, the conferring consecraGhost, are quoted herewith: hood Handbook, loans for themthem—inloans someor guaranteeingcases consick, oil, administering to the tion of and

dedication of graves. The two essential tributing funds.

elements in all of the foregoing are that The priesthood quorums in their extend- b. Doing the actual construction work

each ordinance shall be performed by the ing of relief do not have the obligation in building them homes.

authority of the priesthood and in the prescribed to the bishop. But the relation- c. In some cases quorums have permitted

name of Jesus Christ. In confirmation it ships of the priesthood, the spirit of lofty, quorum members and their families to

is essential that the Holy Ghost be beunselfish brotherhood which it carries with live in homes which the quorum has stowed. acquired through otheror purchase that as individually they and it, do require that the reguests earnestly The Church wise, the ownership remains of which their utmost exert and means setting forth inquorums of small issuance booklets

structions about ordinances and giving powers to rehabilitate, spiritually and in the quorum. (Melchizedek Priestforms of suggested prayers shall be comtemporally, their erring and their unfortuhood Handbook, pp. 7678.)

pletely discontinued. Priesthood leaders nate brethren. In his temporal administrawill, therefore, not nor sponsor encourage pertion, at the every looks bishop needy to admonition sheep""Feed The my

their circulation. preparation or Brethren for caring problem, as a temporary son continues as challenge a exerto those

in instructed various should the be quorums the until themselves; help they can them cising the the Priesthood. Holy To in presitheir ordinance quorum by work its brethren at priesthood look must needy

presithe of direction Nephites dencies the resurrected stake under and Lord until alone not continuing problem as a dencies. declared: the "... need whole no their their are met, but temporal needs in officiating Brethren ordinances should sick."physician, that but they are Such also. spiritual example: concrete ones a As in not repeat prayers, except memorized

the two cases referred to above, but exer- a bishop extends help while the artisan a perspective will do much toward cise the privilege of blessing people and or craftsman is out of work and in want; achieving more fully the spiritual and

performing other ordinances under the in- a priesthood quorum sets him up in work temporal rehabilitation of quorum spiration of the Lord. It follows that faith, and tries to see that he goes along until members.

life humility, rule of purity should the and in priesthis fully selfsupporting and active lives all the priesthood of bearing that rehabilitation duties. of quorum hood The

of the vessels "the might be pure Lord"is their families the primary and members to to deal have with according people We to receptive direcinspiration and the and understanding. their only are They capable of of responsibility welfare quorums Church Priestof the tion Almighty. (Melchizedek receiving portion a certain time. at a hood Handbook, 8586.) functioning as quorums.—Brigham Young

NOVEMBER 1948 731.

preatcra

STANDARD QUORUM AWARD AND INDIVIDUAL CERTIFICATE

OF AWARD REQUIREMENTS ANNOUNCED FOR 1949

Ceveralments majorof thechangesAaronicin thePriesthoodrequirebyAaronicthe PresidingPriesthoodBishopric,quorum orto groupeach planningThe secondand carryingrequirementout callsof anforadethe

Standard Quorum Award and Individmeeting the seven requirements as quate program of social activities and ual Certificate of Award programs, specified and explained below. the adoption of definite fraternal feawere announced by Presiding Bishop The name of the quorum or group tures for quorum members.

LeGrand Richards during the bishops'(deacons, teachers, or priests), the The number and nature of quorum conference held in the Tabernacle, Friward, and the stake, are written in prosocials is left to the discretion of the day, October 1, 1948. fessional handwriting on the face of bishopric and their associates, with the

Preliminary to the determination and the certificate and signed by the Presuggestion that an adequate program announcement of the changes, the Presiding Bishopric. The award is then be provided to give quorum members

siding Bishopric invited stake Aaronic framed and sent complete, without occasional social contacts and to build

Priesthood committees, stake chairmen charge, to the chairman of the stake unity and morale. An occasional social

of L.D.S. Girl committees, and bishAaronic Priesthood committee for disfor all deacons, teachers, and priests is

oprics from eight stakes to sit in countribution to bishops. good. In fact, in every small ward or

cil and express their opinions concernbranch, a combined social may be the ing the award programs in general, and Requirements of the Standard only way in which it may be made atthe requirements in particular. The Quorum Award tractive and worth while because of the

approval unanimous attending. andenthusiastic few

1 yearly quorum follow a and Set up temincreased and continuation, theof features include Fraternal should meeting program most were programs the award ofpo, visits for to those are plans absent who proyearly a 2. follow and Set up least. the to sayheartening visits cause; to sick the to determine activities fraternal social of and gram leaders these with meeting second distress; in offers those A members and recattendance 3. average an Have recommended the after calledwas funerals, at services especially of memfifty perof meeting priesthood at in ord place and form given werechanges in families; assisting bers immediate of the year during or cent more endorsement Unanimous program.the finding other act employment; any and recattendance 4. average an Have stake of groups representative theseby interwill indicate service or which an thirtyfive of meeting sacrament at ord feel susus makes leaders wardand est in of the the welfare of members the year during or percent more beto changes the announcing intained the quorum. or percent 5. more seventyfive Have 1, 1949. The effective Januarycome for third requirement provides fill of twentyfour The a minimum members rethe to award apply not dochanges fifty attendance of average the an record during each assignments Priesthood 1948. year current the forquirements percent at or priesthood meeting more year

Standard Quorum Award Enrol- 6. Have eightyfive percent or more during the entire year based on the

ment Eliminated members observe the Word of Wistotal average enrolment. When figthis percent, uring those only names dom to the is directed attention Special in Section the of quorrecorded fifty or 7. percent memmore Two Have Quorum "Standard the ofelimination roll record should Cerand Individual be book for the qualify um bers for the Eligibility Enrolment."Award into account, that assuming taken the tificate of Award basis the on determined is be toaward of twentyunder each young name man deducany without enrolment totalof rethat the It will observed be age, the bearing of NOTE: one years Aaronic home. from living those away fortions tithing has of for the payment quirement is his in Priesthood, recorded respecPriesthood Aaronic for requirements and the eliminated fromBishoprics been roll. tive quorum of It necessity should the Award. the Standard Quorum under will beleaders

keeping in touch with absentee membe noted, however, that requirement numThe fourth requirement directs attention the to sacrament tithing since meeting 50 and of care takes seven for a ber asking of and month eachbers the earn its must in percent or members the lives more of importance our young activitheir Church of reportwritten which, of Certificate Individual Award attendrequired men. minimum The will be this purpose forties. Blanks the includes requirements, other among is perthirty-five average ance of an ofBishop's Presiding the atavailable tithing. full of payment total enrollthe cent average based on credit full receive will Absenteesfice.

for their activities as reported looking Explanation of Requirements of ment.

both to the Individual Certificate of the Standard Quorum Award The fifth requirement is that during

Award and to the Standard Quorum the year at least seventyfive percent of

Award. The first requirement contemplates those whose names are on the quorum

Following is a complete list of the that a full quorum meeting schedule be roll shall have filled at least twentyrequirements of the Standard Quorum carried through under the direction of four priesthood assignments each, or

Award and of the Individual Certifithe quorum presidency each time the an average of two assignments for each cate of Award to become effective quorum meets. Each item in the order boy each month. The purpose of this

January 1, 1949, with full explanations of business printed at the beginning of requirement is to have quorum officers as they will appear in the new Aaronic the lesson in the quorum manual endeavor to induce every member to

Priesthood Handbook which will be should be followed closely. A full discharge at least part of his priestavailable about January 1. and carefully prepared lesson from the hood responsibility during the year.

manual should be presented during

The Standard Quorum Award each quorum meeting. Anything short Where there are only two enrolled, both

is not fill this there requirement. of this procedure in keeping with must Where is a Award Quorum The Standard

this enrolled, are three reone. two filling number requirement each year, certificate awardedspecial

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pl|: Edited by <=Lee -At. f-aumer

tehojmtf&Pap

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

OUTLINE OF STUDY DECEMBER 1948 The lesson for December will * be a review of the study material presented in this column for

November and December 1947.

Mimeographed copies of the lessons will be sent to each bishop one month in advance. Bishto immediately requested ops are MEMBERS EARNING INDIVIDUAL AARONIC PRIESTHOOD UNION (OREGON) STAKE HONORS material in the hands of the place CERTIFICATE OF AWARD

the lespresents leader the who PriestAaronic Stake guests of the were Stake Union of the Priesthood members Aaronic Fortyfive achieved the having monthly meeting of their during sons in recognition City Lake to Salt bishoprics in a trip and ward committee hood for 1947. of Certificates Award leadership Individual youth the of ward ptoceii. vfrKed;c;*w and.Activities forgotten. to be never were City in Salt Lake spent days two The Utah Square, that Welfare to have amhe committee Salt Lake; visits may Great in swim a Gymnasium; Deseret in the swim a included Square, grave, Temple Young's Brigham President is Monument, Place"the "This building, Capitol prepState adequate time to ple make

Press. Deseret. News the, +:,j j aration. and baptizedk lads, were *tthese where Temple...-.Salt Lake to the excursion trip an were of the highlights The Salt Lake of the president Smith, Fielding Elder* Joseph addressed by they were where and for the dead meeting priesthood in special a group the addressed Church, the to patriarch Smith, G. Eldred Temple. at Smith Patriarch Hyrum clothes worn by the of some shown were the boys where the held at Wigwam group the addressed Driggs R. Howard and jail. Kirkham Rock in M. Carthage his martyrdom of the time

campfire. a huge told around stories interesting will with acceptable. Seventyquirement be S. Charles committee, Priesthood Aaronic Stake the Union of chairman Westenskow, Melvin President of enrolmentsfive percent of four or ot the excursion and of the in charge Allred, were David Salkrild, and Lyle chairman, executive Wood,

fill this requirement. mustmore City. in Salt Lake while activities

The sixth requirement specifies that eightyfive percent or more members shall observe the Word of Wisdom. of the Aaronic Priesthood who meets at least six months out of the twelve

Boys violating the Word of Wisdom the eight requirements listed below durmonths of the year.

at any time, are to be labored with iming the twelve months of the calendar mediately and continuously in an efyear. A priest, teacher, or deacon may Explanation of Requirements for

fort to persuade them to repentance. A receive the Individual Certificate of Individual Certificate of Award

boy's repentance, as determined in a Award regardless of whether his quopersonal interview with the bishop or rum or group qualifies for the Standard Requirement number one calls for a one of his counselors, should be demQuorum Award. boy's attendance at seventyfive peronstrated over a period of at least six cent, or more, of all ward priesthood

months to prove his ability to obey the Requirements of the Individual meetings held in his ward of memberWord of Wisdom before he may be Certificate of Award ship, or in the ward, or wards, or locounted to the quorum's credit looking calities, where he may reside while to the filling of this requirement. 1. *A minimum of 75 percent attendliving away from home.

meeting. at priesthood ance is complied with This requirement two specifies number Requirement

minimum of al- 2. *A the use ofthrough abstinence from at all attendance least fifty percent 50 percent attendat

coholic beverages, tobacco, tea, or cofance at sacrament meeting. sacrament meetings held in the boy's

fee, in any form. 3. A priest or teacher must fill a minward of membership, or in the ward,

assignpriesthood of thirtysix imum he may localities, where or wards, or there enrolled, only are two Where ments. home. from living away while reside fill this requirement. out mustboth Two of their a minimum own must fill attend should men enrolled; A deacon threeof Young three of enout four

rolled; four out of five enrolled; five out fifty priesthood assignments. ward sacrament meetings unless there

of six enrolled; and 85 percent of seven 4. Observance of the Word of Wisis good reason for attending elsewhere.

or more enrolled will be acceptable for dom during the entire year. Requirement number three specifiesthis requirement.

5. Full payment of tithing. that a priest or a teacher shall fill a

aspriesthood thirtysix of requirement seventh provides a The or more public addresses in a minimum 6. One

fill shall that a deacon tieup andclose signments, the Standard between meeting. Church

Quorum Award and the Individual 7. Participation in a Church welfare a minimum of fifty priesthood assignCertificate of Award. Under this reproject, or in a quorum service project. ments during the year.

fifty asquirement, percent or fewer more requiring memfor reason The 8. as priest serve or teacher must a A Certificate Individual the earn teachbers must priests and filled by signments visit in the teacher a homes and ward

is of the asof requirements one for deacons Award required are than ers least six out at Saints the of months infor the Standard Award. teachers have Quorum priests and that, while of year. the the of twelve months

priesthood, the authority in creased fast offerings of The Individual Certificate A deacon must gather for the exercise opportunities their of Award * Special recognition will be given those this authority are more infrequent than rec- a percent 100 attendance have who for the deacons the opportunities are Certificate Individual of Award An sacrar priesthood at meeting ord and at in their calling. function towill Bishthe Presiding be provided by seal affixing to special a meeting ment by

opric, without charge, to each bearer the Individual Certificate of Award. (Continued on page 738)

NOVEMBER 1948 733 for a BOOKS MORE COMPLETE LATTERDAY PROPHETS SP af&v-ddii By DANIEL H. LUDLOW

An inspiring book containing writings and teachings of all eight presidents of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday-

Saints. An excellent reference for missionaries, students and teachers.

PI

S. SCRIPTURES

By GILBERT CHARLES ORME The first and only L.D.S. Church reference book with

handy side index... 3000 references covering 319 subjects. Revised and corrected second edition now available.

MORE BOOKCRAFT TITLES

CUMORAH'S GOLD BIBLE FROM WHICH TO CHOOSE

By E. CECIL McGAVIN CUMORAH, WHERE? $1.50

By Thomas S. Ferguson

This book has been so well received by all students of the $**25 FAMILY ETERNALBy Roy West $2.25

t#6* Book of Mormon that another edition has been made availGAY SAINT $2.50

By Paul Bailey <0D able to satisfy this public de- '#4"*:. mand. HIGHWAY HELPS $2.00

By Ezra Marler JOSEPH SMITH, PROPHETSTATESMAN $2.25

THE TRUE SABBATH LAST DAYSBy Dr. Homer G. Durham $2.00

SATURDAY OR SUNDAY By Robert Smith

By KENNETH E. COOMBS

A strong scriptural defense of MERRILY WE SING $1.50

Sunday as the Sabbath and a By Moiselle Renstrom complete refutation of the Sat- - $1.50 MODERN MIRACLES doctrine. urday Sabbath This $150.S;, By Jeremiah Stokes book discusses a truth essential to the very existence of t.ruuy:>r Suffa MORMONISM & MASONRY $2.50

Sunday. By E. Cecil McGavin

THE PRINCE OF UR $2.00

By Gates and Widtsoe SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES SIGNS OF THE TIMES $1.25

Write for listing of books and special discount privileges By Joseph Fielding Smith

GOD PLANTED A TREE $1.00

By Ora P. Stewart

USE HANDY ORDER FORM ON BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH NEXT PAGE

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fromCHURCH LIBRARY BOOKCRAFT 19 BOOKS FOR YOUR READING M INFORMATION and PLEASURE..

OF BOOK OUR MORMON A 1 IN CHRIST WITNESS AMERICA FOR A NEW I-*"B. Sperry Sidney By * Francis Kirkham By M.

the student to help gain volume designed a revised enlarged scholarly A and work better the acquainted with Book thesis central that CO the Book of Mormon of <[J0p.OU is COpp*JUwithCfla AMormon divine

TELLER'S STORY SCRAPBOOK BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN OF HOUR O nTHE L. Jr. Zobell, Albert By Leah D. By Widtsoe *

full of small, appropriate compact volume A life of remarkable the A volume accomplishand illustrate to subject whatever fift of ments leader, graphically a great <tj|pl.UU color feels speaker needs

told p.UUCO flfl storiesthe author a gifted by SUNLIGHT AND SHADOWS O O DISCOURSES WILFORD OF WOODRUFF L. 1I* Zobell, Albert Jr. By By G. Homer Durham of for those the use who designed handbook A

funerals.... clear, The direct at speak teachings and powerful

ford fourth Woodruff, president CM* '"7C'HIGH * MOST THE OF L.D.S. Church B. Lundwall of the p.OUCOof WilCO 1**>areO calledTEMPLESuponBytoN.

A* EVIDENCESBy Dr.ANDJohn RECONCILIATIONSA. Widtsoe Thetionalhistories,incidentsdedicatoryconnected prayerswith theandTemplesinspiraof

in Written response - Christ of Latter- P.OUCO Cfl tions of those who wantto constantlyto knowrecurringhow <POquesnc theday ChurchSaints of Jesus the gospel meets actual life situations iMmw GOLDEN PLATES

Pierce Florence By MTHE GOD'S K COVENANT RACE *-* revised enlarged new, The and A By H. Anderson James

treatise scholarly unique on the and en thoughtful series of lectures the edition.COiJJi.UU A history on of Book Mormon

of destiny the and of descendants Abraham PLAN GOSPEL THE present fulfilments showing of made flfl CO Jenkins Milton Jones 1* "K By of prophecies Israel p.UU

especially with Missionaries pleased have been

GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS of orderly, information compact the wealth and aM Dr. A. John By Widtsoe in this of organization material the C|pi.AJOC of salvation the plan book to Provides to answers more many problems and guide

greatly helps the growth IT CONCERN MAY TO WHOM f? volume to EVIDENCES O. Ashton Marvin By

CILIATIONS plain simple language, ANDof faith.RECONCompanionCO OS Through-1"I kindly good hu-

7 THE GOSPELBy John TaylorKINGDOM mor,the heartsthe lateof BishopcommonAshtonfolk stilleverywheretouches pO.UUCJO flfl

QUEST of 400 of the the writings teachings and pages

F. Ursenbach O. By of 3rd the L.D.S. president Church... a nTHE

rehis of that story one convinced The who, own of inspired counguidance and OC COwealth ligion set to not the true out one, was OC CO p.J find Christ's true church HIS MANSIONS MANY GOSPEL THE THE AGES THROUGH S. 8 Rulon Howells By 1lOO Dr. R. Milton Hunter By thirteen Christian Churches, Comparing I official Priestof textbook the Melchizedek The to guess, not enables one know, what bookOC of in the L.D.S. Church hood Quorums OC CO thisCOp*iZivJ other churches teach 1946... authoritative thorough, P"a work

9 MANBy Dr.ANDJohnTHEA. DRAGONWidtsoe 1*"Q THE STORYByOFFlorenceTHE BOOKPierceOF MORMON Here is a treasure check of practical gospel This book is the complete text of the Book oi

applied themes to the needs and problems of Mormon today. an interesting and stimulatsive sequencetold inof storythe eventsform andportrayedin the COsuccesnfl fiJOp*iUlJfin ing volume..

USE THIS HANDY ORDER FORM

Address: -........ CHECK ENCLOSED SEND C.O.D.

Please send me:

SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES

Write for listing of books and special discount privileges

BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

NOVEMBER 1948 REPENT AND BE SAVED (Concluded from page 717) eternal life and have joy and happiness likewise, with all young men and young would be great. But there is a law in here upon earth without those blessings women, that if they have made misLondon that says there can be no that come from our kind, loving Father takes or if they need help, do not let

games or sports on the Sabbath day. in heaven. us cut them off sharp. Let us be kind

When I read that letter and read that and lovable to them so they can come law and read that article that was sent to us with their sorrows and their to me about the Olympic Games from Tn closing, I would like to bear you my mistakes and their problems, and then one of our people in London, I could testimony that I know the Lord encourage them to go to the Lord and not help feeling a little ashamed that hears and answers prayers. I know ask him to forgive them, and go to the

here we are living right where those that he will help his people overcome Lord and ask him to help them overdoctrines and principles have been some of their weaknesses. I know that come some of the things that they have

given to us, and sometimes we have a he will help them in their problems. I done that they should not have done.

hard time living the Sabbath day and like to believe that I can go to my God, I like to believe in the law of rekeeping it holy as the Lord has told us the Eternal Father, no matter what my pentance where the Lord has said in to do. I hope that we can popularize problems may be, no matter how far effect: "If you come unto me truly

the Sabbath day and keep it holy and I may have drifted. I want to feel that and repent of your wrongdoing, I will

truly worship the Lord with all our I can go to him, and I hope that our forgive you."I am grateful for the law

hearts and draw near to him so that young people, and for that matter, all of repentance; it's never too late to

we can partake of his Spirit and be of our people, will never feel as though repent.

happy in our daily life and in our they can make a break with the Living The Lord has never forsaken us. He

homes. God, even though they have mistakes has told us, "I the Lord am bound

I hope that our young people are not to overcome. There is no time that we when ye do what I say; but when ye

being robbed of the blessings of prayer can forsake the Lord, least of all when do not what I say, ye have no promand that we are not too busy in our we are weak, least of all when we are ise."(D. & C. 82:10.) And in closing,

daily life to call our family together, discouraged, least of all when we are may I urge that we start all over again or that we will not become too selfdisappointed, and I hope that the and try to not make those mistakes.

sufficient, or too modest, or too backyoung people will not live with their In the words of Emerson: "All that I

ward, to call our family together. Even mistakes long. I think they should be have seen teaches me to trust the Creathough there are only one or two encouraged to go to the Lord as soon tor for all I have not seen."

home, do not let us deny our children as they have made mistakes, and I God bless you that you may enjoy the blessing that comes from family hope we as bishops, Aaronic Priestthe spirit of the conference, that the prayers. Do not let us feel sufficient hood advisers and advisers to adult spirit of prayer may always be with

without the Lord's help, because it is members of the Aaronic Priesthood, us, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

impossible for us to succeed and reach can be so true with those men, yes, Amen.

GOD THE ETERNAL FATHER

(Continued from page 710) without body, parts, and passions. In bered to mortal man. In fact, he creOnly Begotten Son had in coming to fact, they confused and polluted the ated this earth upon which we live and

the Prophet Joseph Smith on that beaubeautiful concept of the Holy Trinity gave the laws or put the laws into optiful spring morning was to give to the which had been revealed to his foleration which govern it. Also, he put

world again a true concept of the perlowers by the Son of God by making into operation the laws which govern sonality of God. the Father, the Son, and the Holy all the worlds that he has created.

Jesus Christ came into the world in Ghost incomprehensible and indefinWe believe that God is omniscient:

the meridian of time to reveal to the able. During the following fifteen hunthat he is allknowing, that he sees all

human family the Eternal Father. dred years, all Christian churches were things and that he hears all sounds. In

Shortly before Christ's death Philip affected by the erroneous and beother words, that his sight and his asked him to show the Apostles the nighted thinking of the fourth century hearing know no bounds, and that his

Father. The Son of Man answered "Christian Fathers."knowledge is absolutely unlimited. We

that those who had seen him had seen even believe that so great is the infinite the Father, meaning that he was a perpower of that Divine Being that he can fect prototype of the Father and that Cince the Prophet Joseph Smith resee the things that we do at nighttime he exemplified the Father in all things. k*'vealed the fact that the first prinin our private chambers or even read

(See John 14:8-9.) Throughout the ciple of the gospel is to know for a the secret thoughts of our hearts.

pages of the New Testament we find a certainty the character of God and the We also believe that God the Etervery definite doctrine proclaimed of the world was engulfed in spiritual darknal Father is omnipresent. Now by that

actuality and existence of three memness, it became necessary for Elohim, I might point out that since he is a perbers in the Godhead—three personal the Eternal Father, to open the Dissonal being, he can be in only one place

beings, the Father, the Son, and the pensation of the Fulness of Times with at one time; and yet from him emanates

Holy Ghost—constituting the Holy a new revelation of his personality. As a divine substance or spirit which we

Trinity. a result of that revelation and the resterm the Spirit of God, the Spirit of

During the early Christian centuries toration of the gospel in its fulness, the Lord, or the Holy Spirit. That

following the death of Jesus'Apostles, Latterday Saints accept the viewpoint divine substance emanates from God darkness crept into the minds of the that God is omnipotent, that he is to fill the immensity of space. It is

Christian leaders. This fact resulted in omniscient, and that he is omnipresent. through that divine spirit that he perthe holding of council meetings during In other words, he is allpowerful and forms his great work. Also, it is

the early portion of the fourth century allknowing. There is nothing that God through that divine Spirit that he is

for the purpose of redefining God. At takes into his heart to do but what he omnipresent.

those council meetings, the "Christian has the power to do it and will do it. This Supreme Being whom we worFathers"formulated a creed or creeds However, we believe that he always ship has a number of attributes. In

in which they attempted to define the works according to natural law. We fact, all the good attributes that you

personality of God and the Godhead. believe that he understands a multitude and I possess, he possesses to an infinite

In those creeds, the three Divine Perof laws, an infinite number of eternal degree. The attributes of love, justice,

sonages of the Godhead were merged laws, and through his understanding of mercy, kindness, integrity, honesty, into one. Their new and corrupted conthose laws and by putting them into charity, purity, and constancy are

cept of God did away with his peroperation he has created worlds withamong those that belong to him. The

sonal attributes, making of him a God out number, that is, they are not num- (Concluded on page 738) 736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA U&iL JtkL JbjoILL M-MEN!

JtPuL QhajmpumA, IAail IN ALL YOUR GAMES MAKEOFFICIAL "LASTBILT"BASKETBALLS Whether practice session or official game, these finer Rowlings basketballs are just right for fingertip ball handling, better dribbling and more accurate shooting. The finest materials,

plus fabrication by the most skilled craftsmen in the business guarantee true bounce, perfect balance, and official size, shape and weight. When it's a Rawlings it's a sure shot for quality,

workmanship, dependability and accuracy.

Distributed and sold by

65 West First South SALT LAKE CITY Ogden - Provo Bennett's Logan Hardware Co., Logan

Bennett's Idaho Glass & Paint Co..

Pocatello

Bennett's Eastside Paint Co., Idaho Falls

Bennett's Twin Falls Glass & Paint CoTwin Falls

NOVEMBER 1948 737 GOD THE ETERNAL FATHER Evidences and Reconcilations (Concluded from page 736) have concluded that God's intelligence (Concluded from page 725) of theauthor Gospel exwas of John is his of greatest one attributes. it pass, to that came "And Godplaining defining and God, he and sum- I are closely and akin You to God. unto blessed him gave and Abram,

hismarized great explanation sayby is Father. is our actually He and He riches, lands honor, for and an anding is that love."deep, so "God So literally all the of Father people who possession; to everlasting the according

great, universal, so and so allcompre- in this have ever been world who ache covenant and which had made, ishensive the of our Divine Fawill ever in this be world. were the blessing cording to wherewith Weandther that John's lovedefinition—"God in spirit is born unto the him as world him."blessed his Melchizedek (Holy had

the Infinite and Eterdaughters. sons and beinglove"—describes his By chilScriptures Inspired Version, Genesisnal One very aptly. dren, divine from the him we inherited 14:3340.)

"II7e are informed by the holy scripattributes that he as our Father posThe incomprehensible statement that

VV tures that God is a God that cansesses. It is our duty to develop those Melchizedek was "Without father,

not sin; and also, that God is a God attributes. Since we are his sons, he without mother, without descent, havthat cannot lie. He has told the truth has a great concern over us and a great ing neither beginning of days, nor end

love for us. live desires that He life, we like of unto but madefor so that times many time every he the Son of4 in the salwith harmony gospel plan of priest abideth continually,"his a God; truthopens forth. mouth comes He

has lived in accordance with divine vation in order that we may eventually is made plain and reasonable in the intruth and eternal law for so long a come back to dwell in his presence. spired version. "For this Melchisedec

time that every act that he performs In conclusion I would like to bear was ordained a priest after the order is in complete harmony with divine my testimony. I know that God lives. of the Son of God, which order was

truth and divine law. I know that he is the Father of the without father, without mother, withThe Book of Mormon prophets human family. I know that he has a out descent, having neither beginning

proclaimed that all truth emanates from deep concern and love for us. I know of days nor end of life. And all those

God and that he is the author of all that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the who are ordained unto this priesthood true Living and the Savior God, of like the aretruth. unto made put himself Having in harmony the Son 5of God, world, that and is the only his name priest abiding continually."a allwith truth and in by being interested

you and me, he reveals to us those name given whereby salvation can Such comparisons might be multichildren to the of men. I know plied. All servthe great would showdivine truths and eternal as fast as we come

Smith true is a that Joseph prophet of ice the Prophet Smith rendered Josephare willing to receive and able them;

and so he is the author of all truth. God, and the great prophet who was in correcting Biblical errors, and to

One of the greatest attributes of foreordained to open the last dispensamake the statements of the Holy ScripGod is the attribute of intelligence. tion of the gospel. If you and I will tures more understandable to the hulive to according the teachings of mind. the man "inspired translation"The in read the Doctrine and CoveWe

Christ, gospel that of Jesus I know of the is one mighty evidences of the thatnants is in- "The glory of God telligence."(D. & C. 93:36.) In the we will some day return to the presence prophetic power Of Joseph Smith.

of Eternal our Father and God become visiongreat given to Father Abraham,—/. A. W.

glorified, exalted, celestialized beandreferred President Richards, the to by 7:3 4Hebrews

ings, receiving portion, a along with Scriptures, BHoly Hebrews 7:3 the ancientLord showed the patriarch

spirits that he had created and made him, of the great glory that he posthe remark, "I am the Lord thyGod, sesses. nection with a ward or stake welfare

I am more intelligent than they all."I humbly pray that you and I will do project, or a quorum service project,

(Abraham 3:19.) For these reasons I this, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. at any time during the year. The bishopric will know of opportunities for

service in the welfare program. (See

AWARD ANNOUNCEMENTS AaronicProjects.) Priesthood Quorum Service

(Continued from page 733) be able to provide many such opporRequirement number eight calls for

Requirement number four is complied tunities, whereas wards with large enactive ward teaching by priests and with when a boy abstains from the use rolments will be more limited in the teachers, and for the collection of fast of alcoholic beverages, tobacco, tea, number of such opportunities available offerings by deacons.

and coffee, in any form, during the ento each boy. It is strongly recomCredit for participation in ward

tire year. Compliance with this remended that each boy filling this asteaching or for gathering fast offerings

quirement is to be ascertained through signment be counselled to be original is not interchangeable. While a priest

personal interview with each boy by a in his address and to avoid reading it. or a teacher may be asked to gather

member of the bishopric at the close The use of notes is not objectional, but fast offerings, he may not receive credof the year. the reading of addresses defeats, in a it therefor, looking to the individual

Requirement number five specifies very real measure, the development deCertificate of Award, except as an the payment of a full tithing. Whether sired through the filling of this require- "assignment filled,"—he is still requiredeach boy has earned money during the ment. Plagiarism—"to use without due to serve as a ward teacher to meet reyear, and whether he has paid a full credit the ideas, expressions, of quirement eight. While the deacon

tithing, are to be determined by the another"—should be avoided. may be asked to assist in ward teachbishop or his counselors through perThe bearing of testimonies; scripting, and while he will receive credit

sonal interview with each boy recomural readings; teaching a class or taktherefore as an "assignment filled,"this

to receive the Individualmended Cerdoes is requirement not fill ing in class part discussions; participaeight—he

tificate of Anything short Award. of a offerings. still required to gather fast tion in drama; reading of poetry; parfull tithing does not meet this requireticipation in instrumental, vocal, or Priests and teachers serving as ward

ment. choral renditions, are not to be conteachers as specified above, receive

It is assumed that all boys, with a sidered as public addresses, or as takcredits for "assignments filled"(repossible few exceptions, earn money in ing the place of public addresses under quirement three) and fulfilment of resome amount during the year. Only this requirement. quirement eight. Likewise, deacons

those without any income whatever Requirement number seven requires who collect fast offerings, as specified are exempt from this requirement. participation in either a Church welabove, receive credit for "assignments

Requirement number six provides an fare project, or in a quorum service filled"(requirement three) and the fulopportunity for each bearer of the project, by each member of the Aaronic filment of requirement eight.

Aaronic Priesthood to deliver at least Priesthood without exception. There A deacon advanced to teacher durone public address in a Church meetare always opportunities for a young ing the year is required to fill this reing during the year. Small wards will man to perform some service in con- (Concluded on page 740)

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, o/TtQ o, O Ofc&ttJQ Q, rm o/TrXi a tPuL (Bsujl GIFTSBOOKS mahL &JUJL (fJwoASL JflJL &SL&L {B&okdu

iFour Books by Ora Pate Stewart By Margaret Utinsky Miss U"

—books that can be able"Theaccountmost remarkof a

depended upon to woman's courage give lasting pleasto come out of the ure and uplift. war."

"The world needs "'Miss U'took evmore such books... ery chance, ran evWe need to be touched ery risk, and underby the vigor of your went torture in orthinking and the beauty of your expression."der to help the poor

—Dr. John A. Widtsoe men behind the

barbed wire, and finally had to go to the hills and join $3.00 e guerrillas. Her

gallantry and intre- "I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN""You don't need to have a child to enjoy this pidity were worthy of the best tradition of our book. You'll want it if you've ever BEEN one."country.—Jonathon M. Wainwright.

American, and her mission was to "PAGES FROM THE BOOK She was an alleviate the bitter suffering of the American prisOF EVE"well she did it is told in A best seller for two years. oners of war—and how

this really great book.

"GLEANINGS"—collected poems

"A real treasury of beauty and wisdom."l|||||||||||[]|||||||||IIIC3lllllllllllinilllllllllllC3llllllllllllC]lllllll!llll[3llllllll

"GOD PLANTED A TREE"MAIL THESE COUPONS TODAY AND success with missionaries and A tremendous FORGET YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING of the Bible. students

St. Elmira II"Ora Pate Stewart atascosa, texas "AM* Antonio, Texas ffflISS U San620 East I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN $2.00

PAGES FROM THE BOOK OF EVE $2.50 Please send me copies of "Miss U"

GLEANINGS - $2.50 $3.00

GOD PLANTED A TREE $1.00

Six copies of GOD PLANTED A TREE..$5.00 Name

Twelve copies of GOD PLANTED A TREE $9.00

Please gift wrap in Christmas paper, (no charge) Address

Name Address Amount enclosed $

P QA5Tjyp o, a oryrji a 9 "VS—<J/"2 YPZX /X /PfrJ\ rx?x?x?x TsP. /sPK /PfrA 'mWWW

NOVEMBER 1948 739 "WHAT THINK YE OF CHRIST?"

{Concluded from page 711) the Prophet Joseph Smith in the sacred testifying of the fruits of Mormonism, intelligence, from a low degree to a grove. We believe that from the day of the fact of the restoration of thehigher one—until he received a fulness of its organization, his hand has been gospel, and of the divinity of Jesus

of the glory of the Father. Then the guiding and directing and looking after Christ whose hand is in this work.

revelation recites that if you and I the affairs of this Church. He has Having done that, it remains our

keep the commandments of God and given us the spirit of revelation, and responsibility, I think, to teach the walk in the paths of truth and rightthe Light of Christ, and also the Holy doctrines of the kingdom, to expound eousness, we, too, shall go from grace Ghost which bears record of the Fathe principles of salvation to the world.

to grace until we receive of the fulther and the Son, to light our path and Our time it too important to teach ness of the Father and are glorified in guide the destiny of the Church. ethical platitudes. We are expected to

Christ as he is in the Father. And it will not be a fardistant day give all men to whom we have op-

"We understand that he was in all when with power and glory and doportunity to give it, the message of points tempted as we are, and yet reminion the Son will return to reign a salvation, the glad tidings of the resmained without sin. We accept Paul's thousand years on earth with righteous toration, the fact that God has spoken

statement that men. And there will be a time apin this day, and the assurance that

pointed when you and I and every perthere is peace and joy and happiness by yet learned were a Son, Though he lived he son has from to the living who here the gospel and an and now, Adam the thingsobedience which he sufby will called to stand before be in last man eternal to come. the world rewardfered;

And being made perfect, he became the the judgment bar and be judged by Then after we have taught people author of eternal salvation unto all them him according to our works. the principles of the gospel, after we

that obey him. (Heb. 5:8-9.) When we Latterday Saints pass have let our light shine before them,

through the waters of baptism, it is it remains for us to seal that witness

In his ministry he preached the with a covenant that we will stand as with pure testimony, as moved upon gospel of salvation, revealed to men witnesses of Christ at all times and in by the Holy Ghost, that we as inhis Father, who must be known if men all things, and in all places that we dividuals know that these things are gain life eternal, and went forth workmay be in, even until death, that we true.

ing many mighty miracles. He raised may be redeemed of God, numbered

the dead, caused the lame to walk, the with those of the first resurrection and ["ast Sunday I was in the Graniteblind to receive their sight, the deaf gain eternal life, by which we mean Stake. They have about 5500 memto hear, and cured all manner of dislife in the celestial kingdom of heaven. bers of the Church and sixtythree miseases. He suffered temptations, and One of our revelations says that it besionaries serving in the foreign field,

pain of body, hunger, thirst, and cometh every man who hath been nearly 1.2 percent of their stake popufatigue, even more than man can suffer, warned to warn his neighbor. That is lation. Two weeks ago I was in the

except it be unto death. our responsibility. Juarez Stake. The Dublan Ward has

In the Garden of Gethsemane when You and I are the most blessed and 214 members of the Church and twelve he took upon himself the sins of the favored people on the face of the earth. foreign missionaries now serving. As

world, conditioned upon the repentGod has actually spoken in this day President Smith said, there are 5000 ance of men, his agony and suffering and that through the men who have missionaries out in the world today, that great so drops he sweat onehalf of one percent of the which iswere of presided over this kingdom. have We

pore. population. every fromblood Church was he Then it that testimony, and Ghost the Holy

suffered for all that they might not bears record of its truth to us. And I am not so sure but what we can

suffer if they would repent, which sufnow our obligation is to carry that increase our missionary force, but what fering, he says, caused himself, even message to the world, to proclaim the quorums of the priesthood can do

God, the greatest of all, to tremble Christ's divine Sonship and the salvamore to assist in the support of worthy because of pain, and to bleed at every tion which comes through him. He is missionaries who cannot otherwise be

pore, and to suffer both body and spirthe Savior of the world, and I think supported in the mission field. By doit, and would that he might not drink that every one of us ought to take ing this they will be helping to roll

the bitter cup that the Father had given every opportunity that comes to us to forth the testimony of Christ in this him. bear that witness. day. Our ward teachers have the

"Nevertheless,"he says, "glory be to Now it is not always a matter of glorious opportunity of bearing testithe Father, and I partook."It was the just saying in so many words that mony of Christ every month to the

spirit, "Thy will, O God, not mine, be these things are true. First of all, I members of the Church, by teaching

done."It was exactly the stand he had think we bear witness of Christ in the them the doctrines of the kingdom and

taken in the counsels of eternity when life that we live, by letting our light urging them to righteousness.

the Father had presented the plan of shine and by letting the gospel prinThe Lord has given us every opporsalvation and explained the need for a ciples speak through us. If we can get tunity. We have the promise that, if

Redeemer. In answer to that call for the love, charity, integrity, humility, we are valiant in the testimony of Christ

a Redeemer he had said: "Here am I, and virtue that are part of the gospel and keep his commandments, we will

send me."And also: "Father, thy into our hearts so that others may see receive glory and honor and reward in

will be done and the glory be thine our good works, we are by that fact eternity, but if we do not what the forever."And such, to my way of Lord says, we have no promise.

isthinking, perfect the answer, the one * I is this true. that work I know

all in all things pertaingive shouldwe is this that with God's hand know ing to life and salvation and to all of Church and that the men who now our affairs during this mortal probaAward Announcements preside over it as prophets, seers, and tion, and then on in eternity. It is the revelators are giving the mind and will

will of the Father that you and I want {Concluded from page 738) of the Lord to the Latterday Saints, to follow, not the will of anyone else; quirement, on a pro rata basis, for the the things that will lead them to glory

we want to rise above our own waytime served in each office. For inand honor and reward in the eternal

ward courses. stance, if a deacon is ordained a teachworld. I think every member of this

er in the middle of the year, he is reChurch who has arrived at the years "\X/e believe that Christ has appeared quired to collect fast offerings at least of accountability is both entitled to be * * in this our day with his Father, fifty percent of the time he is a deacon, and expected to be a witness for as has been certified to from this puland is required to serve as a ward Christ. That you and I may stand

pit this day. His latterday appearances teacher at least fifty percent of the valiant and firm in the testimony of

began when he and the Father came to time he is a teacher. Christ is my prayer, in his name. Amen.

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

In a restful tipback Coach seat... a

comfortable Pullman berth... or convenient room accommodation... you'll

be happily relaxed as you roll swiftly to your destination over Union Pacific's smooth steel highway.

And, to top it off, there are tasty dining car meals that quicken the appetite... congenial moments in an For complete Travel Information

Consult attractive Club Car. All these advantages

are Hotel Utah—3-1544—plus complete air conditioning—CITY TICKET OFFICE

yours when you go via Union Pacific.

PACIFIC RAILROAD 741 NOVEMBERUNION1948

NO MAN CAN SERVE TWO MASTERS

(Continued from page 714) our pioneer fathers came here, has not I would like to see every friend of the Lord fulfilled his promise; has he mine in this Church have his name reintegrity?"thine still retain thou"Dost

sisters, brethren and Now, I would notnot madeprovedit athatdelightsomehe wouldland;keephas hishe cordedand I amin surethat thatbookwhenof remembrance,he comes to

like to read the testimony that came promise? The Lord has indicated claim his jewels, he will realize that

it is of the one most I thinkfrom Job.

in that things havebeautiful we holy thatsays, hebutis boundwhen whenwe dowenotdo whatwhat hehe noquiredsacrificeat his thathandshascouldevercompensatebeen rewrit, for this is what Job said: says, then have we no promise. The for the lack of that very thing, for

his jewthis will land, among numbered they be has a delightsome Lord made written! were that now words my Oh partis I think being els. what nations and us That and all know who in book! printed a they were thatoh means. call us blessed, prosperity him ners with of our know iron pen an with graven were they That

and lead in the rock for ever! and out of this land we are able to What a promise! What a promise

For I know that my redeemer liveth, send forth the gospel message, as Dathat he will bless the land! I wonder

and that he shall stand at the latter day vid of old saw, unto the inhabitants of as we go about our daily duties from earth: theupon said: for earth, the David if realize able to are to day day we deskin after worms though my And happithe joy of and the much how I shall see flesh in this yet body;stroy my of beauty, the Zion, perfection of Out life in is that ours the success ness andGod: shined. 50:2.) hath (Psalm God virtue of dois really our ours own by mine I myself, for and shall see Whom

it is result the of ings another. much and (Job not shall behold, and howeyes is third that part of chapone There the blessings of Lord. the19:2327.) of usually that ter of Malachi do not we

I like to about, and hear would much this in of wealth Is there amount any of statement the remember T"\o you it today: to read you place that the of that take couldworld *-** this western about Daniel Webster all nations that said the After Lord his in that assurance hadpositive Job that he said he America, of part when call adds: blessed, us he should the friend of through as a God,heart, the cent pubfrom vote one not would that Ghost, the of Holytestimony coast Pacific the lic to place treasury against stout been have words Your destroyed his should bethough body it than was nearer Boston say, inch Lord. saith the one Yet me, ye What see flesh he should his inyet God thee? against Brigham Bridger, so spoken have much then? when we Jim And himself? for see should hewhom that he said would is him, It said, serve to vain met God: Young have Ye this call to us back gives Malachi if in occasionally that our dollars hear only [and he thousand give we one of in matter the theservice of Lord is it profit that have midst] and what we corn of ear raise an could knew we oftithes our and of ourthe payment that his ordinance, have and kept we Isaiah, Jeremiah, valleys, but in these

of third I chapter the thinkferings. the of before Lord mournfully walked the seen old, of had prophets the and entirely the to directed hosts?Malachi was of valleys in these of prosperity Zion

for begeneration, he this of call yea,people the happy; proud we And now Prophet Joseph mountains. the The to set his are angel up; that send wickedness they workgins that he would Saints would that the declared had are dethat even yea, tempt they his coming, and for God theprepare way be persecution suffer and to continue livered. 3:1315.) (Mai. his swiftly to should comethen he apostatize, driven, would many and in the occur not didtemple—that death, and to put be would some and scriptures the In say, words, as other that should he ofmeridian time—and driven ultimately be should that they falls just the the rain the unand upon repurifying as cleansing andcome here Mountains, and to the Rocky just, in the unjust see and when fuller's we soap, fire and asfiner's and people mighty a should become they blessings the enjoying of our midst all Israel return unto to invitesthen he in the Mountains. Rocky in sometimes, estimaLord, our own say: they andhim

brief I to to read two you want tion, blessings of the even him beyond... Wherein shall we return? who walks in His ways and keeps his statements from Isaiah with respect to

Will a man rob God? Yet ye have commandments, we begin to argue what the Lord promised to do in the

robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we whether or not it pays to serve the redemption of this wilderness, to make

offerings. tithes In thee? and I robbed rose, want the and as blossom is saw. and it Malachi what That

curse: a with cursed are for ye Ye it in miracle that is a to say my to you said: have Lord.the them, heard and Lord this nation. (Malawhole even me, robbed in play to "water"part the was mind

3:7-9.) chi Zion. of latterday the redemption that the feared spake they Lord Then

the another: to hearkoften Lord one and said: "Behold, a Isaiah new is do I here there not one presume And

it, of ened, a and heard rememand book far as as thing,"and of truth the myI willunderstanding realizes whattoday who for written before brance him them was is that this scripture concerned, of new I there for think was, that was statement that the feared that Lord, thought and irrigaprinciple of great thing the all was in the world or people churchno his name, upon is to It Saints tion. the true had make the the time tithes at Church paying

the shall saith mine, Lord they be And the ditchto canals, they the had make latterdays, in these restoredwas

I in that hosts, day make up when my in but es, the dams, to put they had his to call of angel sent the Lordwhen I will jewels; them, as spare a and man arid remained might the have land him. serve to backthem his that him. serveth spareth son own their into minds the put not Lord had said: the then Lord And return, shall bediscern and ye Then thing, this to inspiration very the do

righteous the wicked, the between and the that is Isaiah that saw what and storetithes all into the the Bring ye that serveth and him that tween him God said: do. in there would Lord mine be that He meat house, may not. 1618.) serveth (Idem him

saith herewith, house, prove and now me it I thing; will Behold, now do a new if I will hosts, not of open you the Lord

it? forth; shall shall spring not ye know out of heaven, pour and the you windows

I in wilderness, the will a even make way shall blessing, that there not be room a enough to receive it. And I will rebuke the and rivers in the desert.

devourer for your sakes, and he shall not Plan for Peace The beast of the field shall honour me, destroy the fruits of your ground; neither (Concluded from page 724) the dragons and the owls: because I give

fruit shall before cast her vine your the that is being done by this organization watersdesert. in.. the. (Isaiahwilderness,43:1920.)and rivers in the field, hosts. saith of the Lord the time in

And all nations shall call you blessed: and should try to implement it where it

for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith is weak and give it support where it is If you want to see the rivers in the the Lord of hosts. (Idem 1013.) strong that we may indeed bring about desert, just go up through Idaho and

"peace on earth, good will to men,"see the great canals that come out "Drothers and sisters, when we think rather than resort to devastating wars. of the Snake River. They are greater

"-* of the condition of this land when—M. C. J. (Concluded on page 744)

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iC; E S MA vWA.K:E R

YOUR BANk

When some unusual situation requires prompt and experienced financial assistance, the importance

of a sound banking connection becomes apparent.

For 89 years, this institution has rendered helpful service to thousands of customers. You are invited

to make this your bank.

WalkerBank & Trust Company

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

MEMBER FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM Establiihedin 1859

NOVEMBER 1948 743 NO MAN CAN SERVE TWO MASTERS

(Concluded from page 742) children individually. President Grant my company for three years, and I knew

wired a man in the East, and in a few I would not break my contract."

than many of the rivers of the land. days he sold him enough bonds to

first during the world This was war profit, so paid he $218.50 when make give this] to done has... Lord in [The difficulty great here had when we it the given tithing the had on Lord chosen. people, todrink my my that get to hold dyes America would dollars his and hundred him two myself; for formed people have This their color, sent representaand we tithing. the to almost enough pay praise. forth shallthey shew I my tives to to get from England America

I in the East a I met was when man this to workers. man's dye went They

I mission. shortterm there a states: noon Isaiah And said: his father, "I father not and am

tithing large that ticed paid a and he I interested, but son have a may who places, in high and rivers I will open the in regular that very he paywas

I be."valleys: the of midst the infountains

I tithing, his said, of and ment water, of pool wilderness a thewill make the son. to said: son went They of water. The springs land the dryand Brother soand-so, a must have you I "I cannot go. contract with under am and see, know, and tithing, testimony the they of wonderful of may That law company."my the that together, understandconsider, and "I have."and he said, if off, will will "Well, you buy you we

this, the and I tell hath done said: the Lord of me?"you "Wouldhand go?"

it. created hath Israel chilsaid, of wife "Well,"he and "my OneHoly said, he "Yes."And

joined the years (Isaiah 43:2021; 41:18, 20.) dren Church a few ago "to the story he said, "Now,"make

I I didn't join in England, but because did short, little just the Lord threw in a

So as you brethren gather in your not have enough faith to pay my tithing, good measure. for

crops by day in the harvest time, reand I did not want to be a hypocrite. And "Within a year I was in America with

said, he "one day one when of so,"I it family, the Lord earning four times God and that was was of the mymember missionaries released, young being was I as as that this in elder much was thing young when this didIsrael new who to he said: and came me that promise."made me it prosper to to wilderness makegreat

I "Brother soand-so, to baptize want that land would a be to andas a rose

I before home."you I go it told elders, the has where been my all world. the of attention theattract I said, cannot."And "You privilege field, in to preside the mission

not?""Why if they to see the wanted what Lord of like to I you remind would I said, "I faith "Well,"to the not haveNow, fulfilling in did the his of promway President that little statement a tithing, I not to pay going and my am just ises their to as eyes keep open said: often. join I until the to Church make He have."usedGrant they Saints the around went among

that then elder And young up, spoke those kept the commandments, who liberal, are those to that who I believe the influence under of Spirit the the of their tithes their paid offerings in and they ideas, grow and gives Lordthe the Lord, his and Lord heeded and words capacity and ability more rapidly than his promise when he said: "Brother soand compare them with those who

faith, I that failed, have stingy. are they andthose if would who know that the andso, you will beyou let me baptize

a time the it from I was had is have trueand I to his Lord promises. home, I promise within fore I go you that

boy. a year from now you will be in America I say to you brothers and you sisters,

earning three times as much as you are may God bless you, and when you give, I believe the Lord gives ideas to earning today."

are remember giving only you to show liberal and who men aremen who I said: right, "All shall where go? we your loyalty to him have you whom those and serve God, to desires Ifhave for That is good enough me. are you a chosen serve, to for can man "No of Israel I the of servant serve the will Lord, to God take choose yourwho serve masters."two promise."said, "I he did "Now,"not see and of the mammon, than Godrather

I remind you of President Grant's how in the world it could be fulfilled, beGod bless you all, I pray, in the story. It impressed me when I was cause I was under contract to work for name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

a boy. When he heard Bishop Woolley, President Clark's grandfather, in

a fast meeting ask the Saints to be libpromised contributions, he theireral in liberal, SOME PRORIEMS AND PRINCIPLES if be they would that,them the Lord would bless them fourfold. (Continued from page 708) I have no fear, and I know you

only then Grant President was haven't, ultimate as to the of destiny a facilities I here. need almost bewe his in dollars fifty hadboy. He this of Church, the and Lord's at lieve times, work without able being to Zion's at the workingpocket. was He in earth. the individuals But it, many that prove see not only do more we deposit to intended and BankSavings fall the in the wayside, and by Dochere than else people in anywhere

it bishop, and to the it, handed but he trine the and in Covenants has a Lord that the Church, but strangers more five for receipt a him wrote bishopthe of places distinguished number bein all see us here than rest the the of dollars fortyfive himdollars gave and his tween pleasure with the Church together. put Church indicated Grant President butchange, collectively his pleasure and with peoall. it wantto pay Hethat wanted he ple it individually, or displeasure as grateful to T Brother OtterFrank am because his debt, in the to Lord puted be. is in utterance such may the One inviting doli for atto again strom hundred needed myhis two mother

first section, he declares that where tention fifty sentences the if a got few paid from and he mind lars, he and, is he pleased the with speaking Church his heart of experience hunBrother and and have fourfold, two would he collectively individually. but not Rein- dollars. Karl Bishop G. such Woolley Maeser had an whodred And gardless of the strides great the Church that this its believe, Heber, fluence said: on Church eduyou and "Do

in has made, the of Karl words G. dollars cational in will hundred his policies your get two generation, andyou Maeser, is concern... "my about myfifty if this dollars to give lives of thesooner you those sucon have who

self"and part contribuand my own his generation.the Lord?"ceeded

it. tion I to to the commend you bishop the said: "I do."And He is all Here one which have may beautiful we and profound thought of fortyother for receipt the a himwrote repetition heard times but over many President Ivins yesterday: "Serving to the dollars, back five on and way is of well while: which worth for the sheer joy service, of without idea. did got an hethe Where bank

self."thought of

it might never have get from? he He has unconditionally Lord declared The

received it had he not paid the fifty the triumph of his Church, but his promises dollars. God Almighty sends ideas, to me are all conditional. My concern, Another sentence from Brother

and he has regard for each one of his therefore is about myself. Maeser:

THE IMPROVEMENT -ER A No man shall be more exacting of me or of my conduct than I am of myself.

And another one:

I would rather trust my child to a serpent than to a teacher who does not believe in God.

Here is another:

The Lord never gets in debt to any man.

I am reminded of Bishop Richards'remarks here yesterday.

And here is another sentence from

Karl G. Maeser that is pertinent to our

present problems:

Youth demands recreation, and if it is not provided in high places they will seek it in low places.

Brother Moyle touched on that yesterday: Spending time with our children regardless of our other pressing

professional and business pursuits.

These children of ours are going to grow up. What we have said about

the visitors who come here, that they come at their convenience and not at "A Outwears up to 6 oldtype ours, is true of children. They grow

up at their convenience, or at Nature's balls.

convenience, and not at ours, and we had better touch their lives while they r Official standards.

are with us and while we have the opportunity. They are going to find

companionship somewhere, and if it T*r Waterproof—scuffproof.

isn't our companionship, it will be the companionship of someone else. If it

isn't our influence, it will be some othUsed by 100,000 U.S.

er influence that shapes and molds schools, camps, instituthem, because they are not going to be isolated from outside influences, tions, playgrounds, and we shall have no cause for comindustrial teams.

plaint about the influences that do mold their lives unless we do our best to see that ours is dominant in the k Rubber covered—fabric

shaping and molding of their characlined.

ters.A final sentence from Brother

Maeser: A 600 Vo* 9e\e*

If you want excuses, go to the devil he can give you any number.

We can go to the devil for a good many things, and sometimes, in some instances, I'm afraid that is the source of too much that is plentiful in the world. of law desupply and The,, 6t/cde &6erfc not tomand does seem as well work So,

as it should in this instance. '

as however, Bishop I am grateful,

Isaacson expressed yesterday, that this 7?rt&<$ri0 Speedy l/att

is a Church that proclaims the principles of repentance and forgiveness.

If it weren't for repentance and forgiveness, life would be hopeless for most of us, if not for all of us.

T WAS talking a day or two ago with brethren are of our two who at- /nneei cwnetf/etic Sottfe/Mmftorneys, of speaking and some we were of our penal practices and problems, about life imprisonment, for example.

A man who is imprisoned for life, and BASKETBALLS VOLLEYBALLS S0FTBALLS TENNIS BALLS who knows that there is no hope for {Concluded on page 746) NOVEMBER 1948 745 SOME PROBLEMS AND PRINCIPLES (Concluded from page 745) forgiveness. There is another day man can explain; and I am sure in my

him, hasn't much inducement, perhaps, coming for all men, with some rare own heart that if we will just live as to be on his good behavior. I recall exceptions, on terms of repentance and well as we know how to live, we will

a scene to which I was a witness not forgiveness, and obedience. "Go thy be all right here and hereafter. It won't

long ago, which involved a small boy way, and sin no more."There are two be the things that we don't know that

who had been invited to stay in the parts to that equation and they involve will give us trouble. It will be the

house for the rest of the day because both forgiveness and sincere repentthings that we do know and fail to he needed some disciplining. He was ance. abide by.

rather obstreperous during the day I am grateful for my fellowship with May God help us to go forth and and said, "Why should I be good? I you, my brothers and sisters, more live our lives and meet our problems

can't go out anyway."than I can speak. And I am grateful and counsel our families and render

Well, he had to be reminded that that the mysteries of the kingdom have service in his Church and be accepted there was another day coming. If there never troubled me much. I think that into the kingdom of our Father in

isn't another day coming, there isn't the simple truths of the gospel are so heaven, with his approbation, when much inducement, and I am grateful plain and so beautiful that I don't that time shall come, I pray in the for the principle of repentance and worry much about the things that no name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

SERVICE - KEY TO HAPPINESS (Concluded from page 707) work, but the thing that startles me is may show him the benefits and the blessThose of us who are neighbors to those that unless we pay strict attention to ings of the gospel; but before he goes

people have a responsibility toward our duties as leaders in the priesthood to that neighbor he must trim his sails.

himself, is analyze likely he must and that condition that on to go He must live tothem, it seems by may me. We

strict conformity into will his conduct on, there next year be an bring and and after afterthem, and week week month month, and even year after year, and additional group written off the records with the teachings of the gospel, and we take them for granted, and we never of the Church because nobody has if he can go to him and show him by benefits the life the he gets he lives the the to teach imcare taken them offer opportunity. never them an We in the the of activity Church, into out the value of portance baptism and tooffer us inducement them an go with

of far conversion are greater I chances a find that then the Church. we And religious service. our performas we

for his apologize to has than if he own fortynine of thousand I have army an of caseshave of men known who have the tries to teach adhe conduct when are twentyover at people home who offered opportunities suchbeen who were brought into activity and made one years of age and still in the Aaronvantages of adhering to the teachings rapid progress within the Church, and ic Priesthood. Many of them are fine of the Church.

I recommend that all of us make it a men at heart and they just lack the inThat is our problem, brethren and personal responsibility to do all we ducement that some of us, if we were in sisters, to live in a way that every <:an to bring into activity those men touch with them, could render to man who comes amongst us to study

who are near us. bring them into activity, and activity us will see the fine side of the gospel

is what it takes to keep them going. reflected in our lives and that he will

During the ten years that these stake I have known those men who have have no just cause for adverse critimissionaries have been operating under started in the welfare work to go right cism of us. That is a large order, I will

the direction of the First Council of on to advancement in the Melchizedek admit, but nevertheless it is the dutythe Seventy—it is eleven years now I Priesthood, and when I tell you that I and responsibility of every man andbelieve—but in the first ten years we have visited stakes where there was woman in the Church to show by the

made a baptismal record of twentytwo only one out of three families in the way he lives the values that are in thousand odd baptisms and at the same stake who had a man in it holding the the gospel, and those values are usually time we reported back into activity Melchizedek Priesthood, you will realspiritual. If you are highly spiritual,

through our stake missions thirty odd ize that we have another responsibility those values will shine from your eyes thousand people. Not too long ago I to teach our boys and girls the value like the reflected light from a diamade an analysis of those twenty odd of being married in the temple of God mond. You can't prevent it. When

thousand baptisms and, brethren and for time and for all eternity. It has you live it, it shows, and when you

sisters, I was astonished to find out already been suggested to you this don't, it shows too, but it is a dark that one out of three of those baptisms afternoon. I found one stake where light which comes forth when you are

was the baptism of a person over nine only thirtyfive families out of a hunnot living the gospel of Jesus Christ.

parfifteen of both whose underand in represented possibly could be dred I sisters, trust, brothers and Now the Church. are of ents members Now, later the Priesthood, Melchizedek and that the of have power may we God slip let is that? them do wewhy Why I that. best than found one The worse it. heads to our bowed do we When it the fault Is the of that us way?by I seven found a ever and hundred was this to afternoon, here asked we God

it Is fault of the mother? father the or percent. is It Spirit. his give experience us my

it Is fault the a of teacher?a ward I it Spirit that the enjoy of God, when sisters, are while his and fails "Drothers to notify we clerk whoward I is in try conto put myself because the of of the of of spending thousands age approaching hundreds bishop

it, I I that, formity with and do when is it fault dollars, are, as to to his of or our send children ward, men we is in hearing enjoy what prompted it all attenintervening to bring Africa don't your and and Japanwhen we I If the can't Spirit others of by God.

it pulpit, certainly the points these but doing tion are with what from we it. it, I pleasure get of out do no So doors, right fault the our of are because people around somebody be must who gatherings, these to come when we I missionaries activity? give stake apinto to bring our themwhen brethren, our undertake and when we in people, that objective great seven those to our as young proached you in leaders duties the as and wards baptized, the the to for missionary be of immediate asked themthousand work let in stakes, us try ourselves a put and

sisre- future. into see, to brothers the us Church and Let have come and that position expect, can so when we

it. if ters, its blessings. its opportunities that for purcan and ceive do we Now it his spirit to of ask guide God, we

fifteen, over others are perhaps know, each of us pose every and oneThere we us. direct and

will speciallyparentage, to himself come of have of a have who make Mormon back through the ministry of our stake called emissary to his neighbor, espeMay he bless us I pray in the name missionaries. They have done a grand cially his inactive neighbor, that he of Jesus Christ. Amen.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith BE SURE TO HEAR THE (Continued from page 706) tian Reveladoctrine and conception.

tion requires and the development conBEFORE BUYING AN Qtyatf, cept of the divinity of the spirit and mind of man. Such was in brief the

teaching of Adam, of Abraham, of

Moses, Isaiah, and all the prophets of the Old Testament. It constituted the

pure idealism and faith of Jesus Christ, for he gave to his Father in heaven the dominant role in ordering the world for good. It gave in olden times,

the give supreme now, mustand lesTHEN DECIDE lives, that the spirit andson that God the body are the soul of man, and the resurrection from the dead is the redemption of the soul. Therefore, it

must needs be sanctified from all unrighteousness, that it may be prepared for the celestial glory. It aives to man

the supreme principles or ethical and moral life. It becomes the supreme

power whereby man knows life and knows it more abundantly.

intelliintelligence cleaveth For unto k receiveth gence; truth wisdom wisdom; em- /

braced! truth; virtue loveth virtue; light

cleaveth unto light; mercy hath compassion on mercy and claimeth its own; justice

continueth its course and claimeth its own;

judgment goeth before the face of him who sitteth upon the throne and governed! and execute all things.

The CONNSONATA is unlike any other organ you've ever "The Glory of God is Intelligence, ftee heard, electric or electronic! It occupies only a few cubic

... light and truth.""To his own master feet of space and can be easily and quickly installed in any

... it costs only a structural changes and without will each stand man musical of a pipe price comparable of the organ of fraction us judgeth is the Lord."private a will cheerfully arrange dealer resources! Your or fall;Weandwillheservethat JoldeniWrite today for illustrated, church

church, our country best as and literature we descriptive and for your demonstration organ committee. No obligation.

nearest of your name perform hour day and hour day by by dealer, Connsonata who DIVISION LTD. OF C. G. CONN selfthose simple acts of will arrange humble and demonstra- a

dedication which make our lives a gation.tion for you, without obliDEPT. 1133. ELKHART. IND.

silent witness of him who brought light, and life and love into this sorrowful world. TheLaboratoriesConnsonataof CG.Connis a developmentLtd., for overof the70 yearsSoundspecialistsand Electronicin musicalResearchtone America must hold to the simple

beginnings of our founders. They

brought hither in their little ships not not merchandise,money, array no of EXCLUSIVE UTAH DISTRIBUTORS force,armed with deep but they came feelings, religious learning, law, and the OF spirit of stepped they faith. When

upon these shores a wild, frowning wilderness received them. Strong in their

faith in God, they began their combat with danger and hardship. Sickness

overcame them, but they fainted not.

They feasted on roots with patient spirits. The first thing they did was

to kneel and give thanks to God for his protective care. Then they built a

meetinghouse where they might worship, then a house for themselves.

They established education and stern principles of morality. Their old town Call or Write for Additional Information

government was the most democratic of all governments. They knew the on:

meaning of the term democratic, meaning a of government the people, but FREE CONNSONATA DEMONSTRATION feeling back it is the of that every person must respect have a due for the Advice on all Home or Church Music needs.

all rights of people. other Churches

arose in the depths of the forests, industry was fostered, no easy work in those days; colleges were established,

and their civic life soon grew into the majesty of states. a mighty Then came 259 South State SALT LAKE CITY {Concluded on page 748)

NOVEMBER 1948 747 JOSEPH SMITH [Concluded from page 747) that the world needs vision, it is today.

industry, nation law, art, of nation—a Seventies great duty, a have a Our

into education, expansion and an For fhe Best. call. new divine are in the workers They

territory never before equaled in the vineyard of God wherever they live.

history of man. A government was They must keep ever in mind that they

brought into being with a background have a fine ambition to teach and to of civic and political idealism which live. In their everyday walks of life,

was the blessing of Almighty God, and they are committed to nothing but the for this they gave thanks in solemn truth. They have the ardor of youth

prayer. with the discipline of study and praynPoDAY we are sending into all the er. The word Seventy signifies a divine

world young men and women who calling to teach God's word. The

are carrying the gospel to the nations. gospel must prevail in all the world.

enterprise, energy, to prove need duty! It is a are turning holy our We a take We

is the that the most important "now"as forward, done when was trip thoughts fun -filled It is of all. time idea unmistakable an organized. the Church was The

missionary idea cannot be lost and the that a man who gives himself to Christ expectations cherished by our fathers and his Spirit, will become what has gosman."been termed The "a new forgotten. cannot be and women Men still the biggest bargain reverent requires hopeful study. and in the pel of nations found have many

in transportation! faith that which they required. They The gospel does more than teach duty.

have been the means of adding to the It provides the motive and desire to do it, it strength. gives the moral and The state. culture *Los of Angeles overour not $10.95 must JJ We

is the advancing, divine message and benefits the look these conwhich men the is time take that wellNow it Spirit of before the Lord moves fer. are confined trip to places, no means earned by see They new tonew

fire night. day and by favorite people your by playThe eternal. to things unseen and They c-loud.. whereverenjoy choose you Go. by find Christ is to to truth of and men are students and teachers. Geography for convenience, comsave them. spot.Greyhound—lorfort, less! for pleasure, your Ask philolhistory, sociology, ethnology,

fares Agent Greyhoundfor about and schedules for any trip. ogy, and every department of knowlMy brother Seventies, what the

is first repworld needs to them. and to the end indebted edge is They

City. Salt from Lake *One way Comin their country, honor. the heavens resent and in God. Not and with points. fares other low God parable from

What we term missionary work is not the past alone. But God here, and

OVERLAND. limited to personal effort. Nations are known by "the man whom he hath

is is to ordained."gospel missionaries. renewed mission today The Our G R EYHOUN D

currents life are of its the young, and the of cause advance act. We must

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES the restored gospel by our onward strong. It keeps pace with knowledge,

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. march to greater accomplishments. and intends to bring the world to the

No one can measure the years to Lord. It is deep in the heart of man.

come. To be alive and increasing, to The peoples of the world have made

be young and awake, this is the order some preparation in the past. They

EXPERT tiesof theof future.the pastThehaveheroestheir andown diviniplace, arewill makingsome daypreparationwelcome today.missionaries.India

ADVICE but we have our leaders today. There The walls of Egyptian sanctuaries long

will rebuilt for since destroyed be sheltered the Nile The land of on Your isof perspectiveold declared:in prophecy."Your youngA prophetmen Christ.

shall see visions. Your sons and daughChrist when he was a child. It will

Insurance ters shall prophesy."Today it is shelter Christ again. All nations shall

superbly true. If there was ever a time know his word.

Problems Without Any BE BUILDERS. NOT WRECKERS

Obligation (Continued from page 704) ter Child get acquainted with these new work they are doing. Just recently Sismissionaries by holding a testimony

ter McKay and I returned from a very meeting and a "searchfor-talent"beneficial interesting but and strenuous meeting, meeting where an impromptu services greatest the of your One States Mission tour the of Western these are missionaries given opan new to has offer extends KOLOB AGENT Francis A. President with and Sister do; portunity to they can show what of insurance. selling the beyond He

is trained and prepared to give you Child. They also are doing a wonderand then they are given their instrucsound advice on all insurance matters ful work. They are real leaders, fine tions and their assignments. I was

... to plan a wellrounded program executives, and they have the respect, especially delighted with one of the inof protection backed by strong stock confidence, and love of all the missionstructions.

companies and prompt, fair settlement aries as well as of the members and claims. 300 than of More KOLOB thing a Here's a and to remember good

all Utah, sections serve of better thing to do. AGENTS nonmembers.We traveled by auto nearly five thouthe Idaho, Nevada. Ask and Montana join construction the and Always gang

KOLOB AGENT in your community to sand miles, averaged about three hunnever the wrecking crew.

help you plan protection that pays. dred miles a day; held nineteen district

is President Child an optimist. meetings He conferences and eleven district A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY

I like to call the thirty exemplifies In these what the missionaries. with

meetings we contacted and heard from "boost spirit."I think we need more

all the one hundred and fifty missionof it in the Church and in the world, aries. They are doing a fine work. We more "boost spirit"and less knockwere certainly delighted with the manknock; more builders and fewer wreckner in which President Child meets the ers, more lifters and fewer leaners.

new missionaries as they come into the "If we look for the good and the field. They are taken to their home beautiful, the good and the beautiful

us."will prominent that to feel back to come and made A 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City headquarters

this truth follows: as writer expresses SisPresident and they are welcome.

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The universe pays every man in his The old frog growled, "Mine is an awful lot."it smiles smile, coin: if you upon youown

if will frown, a dirty world,"thus the old frog SAVE MONEY ONin return; be 'Tis you you

frowned at; if you sing, you will be invited spoke—

into gay company; if you think, you will "Croakety, croakety, croakety, croak."be entertained by thinkers; and if you love Then the blackbird said: "I see what's BOOKS FOR XMAS

wrong.the seek world for the good and earnestly

is therein,that don't you smile or sing a song? 10% DISCOUNT on all orders of be surrounded you will by Why

loving friends, and nature will pour into Look up, young feller, why bless my soul, $5.00 or more, or free copy of SKEPyour lap the treasures of the earth.. CenYou're looking down a muskrat hole!"TIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM

sure, criticize, and hate, and you will be A wise old turtle, who boarded near, with $10.00 order.

censured, criticized, and hated by your Said to the blackbird, "Now, friend, see fellow men. Every seed brings forth after here, We have all the latest L. D. S. books in

its kind. Mistrust begets mistrust, and Don't waste no tears on him,"says he. stock or will get them for you. Also all

confidence begets confidence; kindness be- "That fool's down there, cause he wants the latest best seller fiction. We particugets kindness, and love begets love. to be."larly recommend the following:

Zimmerman.) W.("Compensation"—N. $3.75 BIG FISHERMAN THE In the future of us have when any

Lloyd Douglas ByT Jow much happier be and the we would urge to repeat gosor are tempted the greatest as novel ever Advertised how much more joy there would sip or speak unkindly or perhaps unwritten. A companion book to THE

be in the world if we looked for and truthfully of a neighbor or a brother, ROBE.taining. Clean,DeliveryinspiringNov. 15th.and enterspoke only of the good and the beaulet us think that we also are just looktiful; if we looked at the beauty of the ing down a muskrat hole and then look SO TO SPEAKBv Elizabeth Von Hess $3.00

hawthorn twig, its symmetry, instead of up at the birds. Imagine we can hear A complete, easily digested and enpointing out to everyone the dead the beautiful song of the meadow lark tertaining course in public speaking.

leaf; if we enjoyed the fragrance and or the robin or the redwinged blackInvaluable.

the beauty of the rose, instead of bird. My, how I used to thrill to listen THESE AMAZING

frowning and calling people's attento those redwinged blackbirds after a MORMONS 1.00

tion to the thorn on the stem; if we hard and dreary old winter, singing By Joseph H. Weston

enjoyed to the fullest the uplift of the that early spring song! How much I sleepingClean cut Mormonsand clear. to Shouldthe valueawakenof

purity of the lily instead of calling atam indebted to the Church, to the gostheir faith.

of earlytention since those to the little dirt left on the pel days! work RICH....$2.00 I THINK AND GROW

trust,roots! brethren that and sisters, the Napoleon Hill By my

of things secure good will bless us be How I like this story of the old frog: Lord that we may

thousands. helped toHas themany faultfinders, boosters builders not and still million sold life.Quarter demand and

Once on the edge of a quiet pool, and not wreckers, lifters and not leancontinues.

cool. the nice 'twas whereUnder bank and ers, that for look speak and may we OF COMPLETE WORKS the flowedJust stream out of the where of the only beautiful the and good and $5.00 FLAVIUS IOSEPHUS bay,

all that our above so Whiston do may work we sat frog, aThere old and grumpy mean book. reference Should is, be Excellent calling well, matter the that no what

all sat in the to soak, sand day Big, in big book every library. andWho said of us it can be never truthfully or excellent value. just did nothing but croak. croak andAnd

after our names that were we hollered, blackbird "I say, know, written youA in wanting, called and found I pray is the there below? matter downWhat the THE PRECIOUSBy FultonSECRETOursler $2.75

Are you in trouble or pain or what?"name of Jesus Christ. Amen. A real secret by which many people

have lived long and happily. You

may read this book and return it if not delighted.

RELEASE FROM NERVOUS $2.00 "AND YE SHALL BEAR RECORD"TENSION

By D. H. Fink, M.D.

(Continued from page 703)... Because of thy faith in Christ, whom Makeones. yourOld andlateryoungyearscanyourprofitsweeterfrom

thou hast never before heard nor seen.... reading this book.

And,"he said, "I have enjoyed it wherefore, go to, $3.75 thy faith hath made thee MALABAR FARMevery time."5, 7-8.) whole. (Enos Louis Bromfield By

in revolutionized farming, miracle A I that effect the say again that May into excellent dramatized and made effect that the of upon Enos Now reading. thouworth Can bethe of many gospel Christ Jesus has had upon of truth testimony the the and knowlof dollars happiness sands and muchthese missionaries these and upon memto you. the of edge gospel he which had

is sincere investigatorsbers proof and in in the $2.50 following paragraph shown is PEACE MIND OF itspositive of to change power Joshua By Liebman said he the which

interest lives the and of very and men of really the books. while worth One

women. It has always been that way. Now, it came to pass that when I heard Remainsyears. a best seller after nearly two

call to mind the experience of thesethe welfarewords ofI mybeganbrethren,to feel thea desireNephites;for IN THE GOSPELBy Dr. John A.NETWidtsoe $1.50

Enos, a grandson of Lehi, who wherefore, I did pour out my whole soul A fascinating biography. Crammed

longed in his heart for a knowledge of unto God for them. {Ibid., 9.) full of inspiration and good reading.

the truthfulness of the things of which he EAT AND GROW SLIM $2.00

Cooley By his his not father, only heart did change speak, heardhad and And Jacob, all book around on for the he a desire welfare in the that had hunting beastsso while he was Really good. of Thediet mostI havesensibleever found.

his the Nephites, forest, brethren, the he were kneeled who upon down SKEPTIC DISCOVERS similar desire a for the A in but called his and he had Fatherground upon,. $1.50 MORMONISM his in Lamanites, enemies, were supplicamighty prayer andheaven who and Timberline Riggs By

tion. And as he was praying, he heard he poured out his soul unto God for Missionaries still find it invaluable.

a voice say unto him them. THE TEN COMMANDMENTS $1.00

A wealth of sound reasoning and... Enos, thy sins are forgiven thee, and In the twentythird and twentyreading in a small book.

thou shalt be blessed. fourth chapters of Alma we have a FIRST 100 ORDERS for $5.00 or more get

dramatic account of the power of the free copy of THE TEN COMMANDMENTS,

And he cried out: gospel changing almost a whole nation extra. Send orders to

from a bloodthirsty, indolent, warlike

Lord, how is it done? people into industrious, peaceloving TIMBERLINE RIGGS

And then the Lord said: (Continued on page 750) OVERTON, NEVADA

NOVEMBER 1948 749

nanting with God, that rather than shed the of their they give brethren would up "AND YE SHALL BEAR RECORD"blood lives; take than away and rather their own

{Continued from page 749) the Lord that would take up arms against from a brother they would give unto him;

their brethren;... they would not even and rather than spend their days in idleness

people. Of these people the record make any preparations for war. (Ibid., 24: they would labor abundantly with their

says that thousands were brought to a 6.) hands. (Ibid., 24:18.)

knowledge of the Lord, and that as many as were brought to a knowledge On the contrary, they gave thanks And:

that a given he had them Godof the truth never did fall away, unto... they buried the weapons of war, for his portion spirit their of to soften

For they became a righteous people; they hearts. peace. (Ibid., 24:19.)

did lay down the weapons of their rebelthis transformaremarkablelion, Now did that they fight not against I is God the great to That message want hearts in these of the tion wrought more, neitherany against of their any It is here. leave softening the the of

brethren. in a very of people done thousands 23:7.) (Alma was this hearts that gospel does to the peoinflu- the of time period short under

it. ple receive who And: the of of gospel Jesus ence and power

It tothing same do the would The record continues: Christ.

if all earth the of... there was not one soul among all the peoples day for

the people who had been converted unto... and this they did, vouching and covethey would but receive it, for in very

deed it is, as Paul said, "the power of

God unto salvation,"(Romans 1:16)

not only spiritually, but also tempoIt's time for a winter checkup for rallyother way.and politically and in every

It is a marvelous light even now shining in the darkness in this benightedyour car. Drive in to your favorite UTOCO unfortunately, said world, but, as John

Station or Dealer for this winterizing the.. darkness. the lightcomprehendethshineth in the darkness;it not. (Johnand

1:5.) service. HTime and time again during the his-

A tory of man's sojourn upon this

Oil change with the dependable oil earth, the Lord has sent his gospel, this marvelous light, into the world to

Vico. change the hearts of men in the time of

crisis, that they might be saved from destruction, and time and time again the peoples of this earth have rejected

Crankcase flushing. it. Just as acceptance of it changes the

hearts of men and women, bringing righteousness, love, peace, and happiness, so the rejection of the gospel of

Jesus Christ brings wickedness, hate,

A.ntifreeze for radiator protection and war, and suffering. History clearly

establishes the fact that the message of radiator flushing. the gospel of Jesus Christ cannot be

rejected with impunity.

On this point I call to mind and ask you to consider with me for a moment of the in the the experiences Jews \ '"V of presented Savior time. The v i "Ttr f liin his / Battery service including quick charghimselfmeridian gospel personally taught and

ing and new batteries. to them, but they rejected it. Near the

close of his ministry, knowing that they had rejected both him and the gospel which he taught them, he was moved with profound sorrow and Winter lubrication—supplying special broke forth in that great wellknown

winter lubricants where needed. lamentation:

O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not! // New Atlas tires—with a written warranty. He said, as a result of this rejection:

Behold, your house is left unto you desGet highest quality products and olate. For I say unto you, Ye shall not

till shall Blessed say, ye Lord. the of the name service at UTOCO stations and dealers seeis hemethathenceforth,cometh in

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY (MattElder23:3739.)James E. Talmage says he

probably uttered these fateful words 750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

as he stood on the heights of the temple And also gave commandments to others, God, that I was, that I am, and that I am for the last time overlooking the city that they should proclaim these things unto to come. (Ibid., 68:6.)

of the great king. This thought seemed the world (D. > C. 1:1718.)

is declaration that the This Jesus him, continue to with because a short Instructing as his servants to what that of the Living God, was, Son he thereafter leaving time for as he was to the world, should proclaim they is, is, is I he that to that come, he he and final the environs, the the time temple said: think, core the gospel of of the Jesus to out pointed Apostles him and came

to him the beauty of the temple and the... ye shall go forth in the power of Christ. A testimony of its truthfulness

buildings on the temple site. His only my Spirit, preaching my gospel, two by constitutes the only motive that I have

answer was: two,... ever been able to find which is strong

enough to change the hearts of men... verily, I say unto you, There shall... just as we are doing, from hate and wickedness to peace and

left herenot one stone be upon another righteousness. of that Rejection meslifting as voices name, your up in my shall that not be down. thrown the sage, according of to the words the declaring of (Ibid., with sound a trump, my24:2.) bring scourges, will like Lord, of God. unto angels word

with baptizing ye shall go forth And this subject to returned again on He ye, for water, saying: repent ye, Repent is in-... until the the earth empty, and his said to to Golgotha he when way the (Ibid., of is at hand. kingdom heaven are thereof habitants consumed and awaycertain him, bewho, following women 42:6-7.) brightness of utterly destroyed by the my

wailed the fate to which he was going coming.

... and ye shall bear record of me, even

... Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not Jesus Christ, that I am the Son of the living (Concluded on page 752)

for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children. (Luke 23:28.)

And then he detailed to them the terrible events that would accompany the destruction of Jerusalem, which he saw coming as a result of the rejection of his message by the people of that day. He told them that those times and

events would be so terrible that they would call upon the mountains to fall upon them and upon the hills to cover them.

You all know the sequel, how the

Jews carried through their awful plot and crucified the Son of God, and how thereafter they continued to fight against his gospel. You remember, too,

the price they paid, how in 70 A.D. the

city fell into the hands of the Romans as the climax of a siege in which the historian Josephus tells us there were a million one hundred thousand people killed and

... tens of thousands were taken captive, to be afterwards sold into slavery, or

to be slain by wild beasts, or in gladiatorial combat for the amusement of Roman spectators.

All of this destruction and the dispersion of the Jews would have been avoided had the people accepted the gospel of Jesus Christ and had their hearts changed by it.

***#*#*rTrODAY the peoples of the earth stand at the crossing of the same roadsas did the Jews in the days of Jesus. m-mumS;

The same choice is before them. They and Christ gospel the accept of Jesusmay cfu$&& righteousness, peace, toand on move chocolQfle

love, and happiness, or they may rejectit and suffer wickedness, hate, war, and aimnm destruction.

The Lord in his great mercy has seen the events of our time coming, and he has sounded the warning and offered the way of escape. Remember that in

the first section of the Doctrine and H0C0LATES

Covenants he said:

'.... I, the Lord, knowing the calamity

which should come upon the inhabitants of earth, called servantthe Joseph upon my spakeSmith, unto from atXDE CANDY COMPANY SALT LKE CITY. UTAH Jun., him and

heaven, and gave him commandments;

NOVEMBER 1948 751

the solution of the problems which face "AND YE SHALL BEAR RECORD"our world today, both people individTeach Your Children collectively. and who May we ( Concluded from page 75 1 ually

al- {Concluded from page 702) have accepted our and declared this revelawith Continuing it modern in brightly shining legiance to it keep it all shall heights and be depths—thention, to that reference makes the Lord lives the nations before our and own Life, in that of written the Lamb's Book

I ofexperience Jerusalem, of which others world, the of of our and may to shall shed murder commit he whereby no have told you: Father's children in sufficient numbers innocent blood, and if he abide in my

it is it late, that before the receive too covenant, murder commit no whereby and

I tell these Behold, things even you it shall blood, innocent destruction, be done to shed be saved from as world may

I told also the the people destruction of all in things whatsoever unto them my in the of pray I humbly Jesus name shall verifiedof Jerusalem; be and word my in time, them, hath servant put and upon Christ. Amen. it this hithertoat veritime as hath been full all eternity; shall of and through be

fied. {Ibid., 5:1920.) force when they are out of the world; and

Now my beloved brethren and sisEternity is without bounds and is whichthey shallare passset there,by thetoangels,their exaltationand the gods,and ters, in conclusion I bear witness to filled with matter; and there is no glory in all things, as hath been sealed upon

the fact that the gospel of Jesus Christ such place as empty space. And their heads, which glory shall be a fulness

as restored to the earth in these lattermatter is capacitated to receive and a continuation of the seeds forever and days through the Prophet Joseph Smith intelligence. ever.

they shall because they be gods, Then end; therefore shall they be fromis intended to be and it is the key to—Brigham Young have no

everlasting to everlasting, because they continue; then shall they be above all,

because all things are subject unto them.

Then shall they be gods, because they have all power, and the angels are subject unto them.

Verily, verily I say unto you, except ye abide my law, ye cannot attain to this glory. (D. 6 C. 132:1921.)

VWe"often say, and you have heard "the expression as it has already been referred to in this conference, that "as man now is, God once was, and as God now is, man may become,"

The only way man may become as

God now is, is through fulfilling the laws of celestial marriage and the laws of the gospel, as I have just read to you the word of the Lord from the

Doctrine and Covenants. Can we afford to overlook such opportunities for

exaltation? Temple marriage is not just

another form of church wedding; it is

a divine covenant with the Lord that 3>omoiJL6u ifbecomewe areas faithfulGod nowto is.the end, we may

Are you teaching your children to keep the Word of Wisdom only because it is a good health habit, or are L.D.S. BOOKS you teaching them that by not keeping

ZCMI. long recognized as a headquarters the Word of Wisdom they are not elifor L.D.S. literary -works, calls your attention gible to receive the knowledge and unto these famous volumes... now available derstanding to comprehend the laws of

in our Book Department. godliness, and so will be deprived of

and the receive power opportunity to CONCERN—Humor the TO IT MAY WHOM

... By, the late, Marvin sense common perthen not priesthood, be and of the

$2.00 Ashton O.

mitted to enter the temple and thereby

LATTERDAY PROPHETS SPEAK—Just new! lose all the blessings of increase for -writings Important doctrinal and teachings of eight L.D.S. presidents. By Daniel all eternity? That is quite a price to

Ludlow 4.00 pay, I would say. We are told they

HIS MANY MANSIONS—Compilation of will become ministering angels, and in

Christian Beliefs. By Rulon S Howells... 2.25 worlds without end shall have no inTRIPLE COMBINATION—All in ONE book crease. (See D. & C. 132:1518.)... Book of Mormon. Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price 7.50

ADDED UPON—Enlargement of truths reTeach them to live the gospel by

stored to earth... By Nephi Anderson 1.25 keeping all the laws and ordinances of

the gospel, that they may have eternal life. No price is too high, no sacrifice

too great.

May the Lord's blessings be with us.

May we follow these teachings and counsels, that these blessings and promises that are given to us will be realized

BOOK DEPARTMENT—Street Floor in due time, I pray in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Responsibilities of Parents {Continued from page 700) fare program. I am thrilled when we

read the statistics of how much we have accomplished in the welfare program, how many trainloads, carloads, shiploads of supplies we have sent to the needy Saints in Europe and how much we have accomplished in the organized stakes of Zion. It seems as

though those things may be measured in tons, but there has been a benefit come to the people of this Church as a result of this welfare program of a spiritual nature which cannot be measured. It cannot be estimated, but

the good which has been accompished can be seen in the increased affection which this work has brought between the children and the parents. If we

were to work all the days of our life and sacrifice all of our surplus and keep only that which we actually need for ourselves and bring into our lives as a result thereof a closer love and affection for our children than we have heretofore had, no one would deny but what we have spent our means well.

Tt would seem that all of the philos- * ophies of the world today are set upon destroying the home. As we

travel through the world, the people of the world seem to have lost in their lives the significance of home. We as

Latterday Saints cannot do this. We

must still maintain the home as a place where we can kneel down daily with our children and teach them to pray.

Our home is the place where we can teach them the gospel. We cannot be

saved in ignorance, and neither can our children. What a wonderful work

it would be if today we could bring of the teachings into the home back A HAPPY FAMILY NIGHT as a means Christ of Jesus the gospel of overcoming the delinquency there is youth. the among world, in the We WITH MUSIC is greatthere fact that the can't deny

the young among delinquency er to is hard music night without family A successful before. ever than of the world ple peoWe singing piano around the gathered... everyone imagine the responhave Saints Latterday as

sibility to see to it that this delinquency the old favorites... the children playing the new pieces

of which the world is guilty does not they have learned on their instruments... a vocal solo

had I have homes. into our creep ocby one of the little tots. The whole family can enjoy that suggest to times, casion many

maybe if we would enter into this music.

ensame the with relationship family and for the famous Steinway dealers are exclusive We and ambition same with the thusiasm, instruments; a complete pianos; Martin and Pedler as Lester desire the same and energy the same

we do our temporal affairs that our line of sheet music for choirs, choral groups, orchestras families and the home would mean and bands, etc.; records; and all types of musical supplies.

more to us than they do now. It has

been my thought for a long time, cerMail orders filled promptly tainly my considered opinion and my testimony to you today that one way FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY (Continued on page 754)

GROWING PAINS By Josephine Hamlin 4547 aunes

It's not the gray hairs that spring from my head, MAIN

Although they do make me feel older;

It's the fact that today in a son's farewell SALT LAKE CITY 7, UTAH kiss, I found I came just to his shoulder!

NOVEMBER 1948 Responsibilities of Parents (Continued from page 753) vy/vitfc to combat divorce in the world is for made men to pay more attention to their wives and for wives to pay more attention to their husbands, and let some of things of the world go and do by flour the of the as take the not example world that which we must follow but rather apply ourselves to the performance of some of the humbler duties of life.

The Lord bless the mothers in Israel who keep their flock under their arms, who teach them to pray at their knees, and the Lord bless the fathers in Israel who are willing to take time off from their business and from their farms to spend with their sons and their daughters.

Of course I see a great deal of virtue in this welfare program. If fathers

would pull themselves away from their work and would engage themselves in

Enriched the various projects that have been with vitamins and iron initiated in this welfare program, they would soon see the blessing to be deRoyaf Baking Co., Sal* Lake & Ogden rived from taking their sons with them

and mothers their daughters.

As I go into the meetings of the

Saints, I always have a feeling, I have it today, that the adversary has absolutely no power over us so long as we are assembled here in the Lord's house and worshiping him. Brethren

and sisters that same protection goes

Expecting withour activitiesus throughoutif our associationsour lives andbeinwithall those who have the same ideals and

Friends 432 pages the same objectives in life. This priesthood was given to us to be a protecFor The tion, and in order that it be a protection

we must be active in the quorums to

Holidays? which we belong. Men who associate

actively in the priesthood quorums of

You'll want to be sure they this Church will keep themselves from stay in a comiortable place, the power of the adversary. Their

a friendly place, a conmotives will always be righteous. They

let us place. Then venient their spirit into bring a homes and

of care take you help chilwill their that an atmosphere keep pleasour Besides them. A Study of the Gospel will

line It will their duty. in the dren of they'll rooms, guest ant

enjoy the fine meals served By A. L. Cook give to each and every one of us a

in our Coffee Shop, Salt "In this volume oi twentyseven desire which we cannot overcome exLake's favorite dining spot. chapters, a variety of themes, some cept we fulfil it, to see to it that every

You can be proud to send of the keenest presentday interest, son and daughter with whom we are your friends to us. are developed from sound Gospel blessed knows as much about this gosdoctrine... and applied to human pel of Jesus Christ as we do.

A. Widtsoe. John life."—Dr. Hotel AVAILABLE BOOK AT peopleIt wouldof thebeChurcha reflectionif their uponsons andthe

daughters to to as they us be come DESERET BOOK COMPANY Square Temple to interviewed should a mission go on 44 East South Temple Manager Clarence L. West,

their Salt tell us that never they City Lake heard 10, Utah had and father or their mother bear their testiWILKINSON BOOK STORE mony.places ofSo laborwe shouldthroughoutgo to ourthe variousChurch LOGAN. UTAH

or from and teach our people to bear their testimonies to their children and to teach

A. L. COOK them the simple but the fundamental

Tremonton, Utah principles of this gospel. There will be

none of our youth leave our Church and join any of the churches of the world if they once have within themselves a knowledge of the true gospel

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Jesus Christ as restored through the instrumentality of the Prophet Joseph

An Ideal Christmas Gift Smith. I tell you, my brothers and sis12 Issues $2.50 ters, we have a responsibility to make

of our homes a sacred place where our 754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA children will want to come and bring their children and kneel with us in prayer and read the scriptures with us and discuss with us the problems of life.

"Mow, if we devote ourselves to the 'institutions of the world, and they are multiplying daily, we will have no time All for the Church. of us have for Travel opportunities to join this organization

that or organization, and it is time for at its to realize us organization that every which we join, no matter how good its purposes may be, detracts, to some exFINEST.

tent at least, from our observing and practising the things which we should do in our home and above all giving of ourselves to our families. It is not

enough in this day and age to make money, to be able to bestow the riches of the world upon our children to let them live in luxury, give them all of the things of life that they might want. Better than all that is to give a little of To OmahaChicago and

that children ourselves to they our for us are and Fort WorthDallas might know what we feel of the spirit which we have and Start your next trip East or South with,which keeping through we receive the newest of travel thrills... a ride in the of our Heavenly the commandments

Father. Exposition Flyer's famous VistaDome cars,

I was reading the other day what through the scenic wonders of the Rocky

President George Albert Smith said Mountains!

many years ago, and in conclusion I You can leave Salt Lake City any evening at 8:30... enjoy a

want to read his statement: good night's sleep... travel through the Colorado Rockies by dayGrateful should we be for a knowledge light... arrive Omaha the next evening and Chicago at 9:45 the

of the eternity of the marriage covenant. second morning. Or, stop off at Denver at 11:59 am, spend the

If in this life only have we hope we would afternoon, and ride the streamlined Denver Zephyr... leaving at

indeed be of all men the most miserable. 4:00 pm, arriving in Chicago at 8:35 the next morning.

that relationship assurance our hereThe children,as parents as husbands and and If you're going South, take the Exposition Flyer from Salt wives, will continue in heaven and this is Lake City to Denver... and make a convenient connection with

but the beginning of a great and glorious the streamlined texas Zephyr, for speedy luxury travel between that has destined Father ourkingdom we Denver and Fort Worth - Dallas. *

inheritshall the other side, on fills us with hope and joy. One of the greatest eviTake your choice of streamlined coaches with wallto-wall

dences to me of the divinity of this work carpets and reclining seats... or sleeping cars offering a variety

is that it teaches there is life eternal on of accommodations. Enjoy spotless dining

will that side therethe other and be... clean, serving a cars delicious meals comof y/r there thereunion loved ones have who

... diesel airconditioning fortable power for fla here, other each consequently asknown

parents we may well be patient and loving smooth, effortless speed.

toward our children, for they will eternally if side, usabide other the with on and we General Agent J. H. GREGORY,

faithful. arethey that years few The we Bldg. Kearns Phone: 3-6465 218

live will here in regarded be time as a, City Salt Lake 1, Utah acquainted,which but become when we we mingle in the other life, we will know each other better than we have here.

President Wilford Woodruff said on >OC=00 one occasion: >0 >) TO BISHOPS:

Bless your souls, if you live here in the flesh a thousand years, as long as Father We have a most complete stock oi

Adam and lived and labored all your life in poverty and when we get through, if byyour acts you could secure your wives and o Cfc lifers I first inchildren resurrection the to dwell oi choice from messages a many in thewith that presence of you God to 2 choose. one [Ja with receive do not If you whichthing for the labors would amply pay you

for 5, write Nov. our samples them. byof years. thousand a

Now let us make the sacrifice, my I MAGAZINE PRINTING CO. |

brothers and sisters, of the labors of a G262 RichardsRichards StreetStreet 2 day or two a month to spend with our U SaltSalt LakeLake CityCity 1,1, UtahUtah children and help them to gain a place DISTINCTIVE PORTRAITURE o celestialin the of our kingdom Heavenat your keep you show prettiest—To

memorable thely most there Father, with us to dwell tomorrow and OTo SPORTSMEN: mo ATTENTION oi O lormerits today. eternally. gloryto to our I pray add A.K.C. registered Golden Retrievers and Black

occasional Labradors, females. Best blood bred this lot, in behumbly our happy may LIGNELLGILL available. guarantee. Sold on back money 5rthethe of Jesus Christ. Lord name >n< >r>< >n< >n< XV-"< >r B. IGLOO, SO. MARSH tn< ini in<-Vo JOElines DAKOTA

Amen.

NOVEMBER 1948 755

KNOW WHAT IS RIGHT

( Concluded from page 709 And finally, may God give us that In closing I bear my testimony to

He warned that if their religious sessions other great need, faith in him. the divine mission of the Prophet Joresulted merely in theological definitions it I read these words from the imseph Smith. I never bear this testiwould be a colossal failure. He spoke for mortal Lincoln, which I treasure: mony but what I feel in my heart I

peace but with words of dynamic realism. have done something worthy and loveIf it were not for my belief in an overly. God bless us that we may love all

it difficult for ruling Providence be would right, the that ever preserve peoples, Yes, among may know may God we of in complications of the midst me, such it, earth, theus, for throughout then stand courageously and men who its affairs, seat, in to reason but keep my in right faith in the the continue our courage and haveknow may God we his the that has confident Almighty I am it, prefor divine the mission ever standto of the Prophand and in may will out, plans whether them and and work serve the dignity of personality, and we see it or not, they will be the wisest et Joseph Smith, I humbly pray, in the the strength of the voice of the people. and the best. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

AMONG THE POLYNESIANS

(Continued from page 699) name, please give it its vision. It was He said: "That is God's pearl

Samoa. Another couple who had been born blind."shell."

married for years and had had no chilJust like that—just as a matter of "Who has the right to sell it?"

dren came to the mission home there to fact! "You have the authority to give He said: "I can sell it."

be blessed that they might have this this child a name and a blessing and "Well then, I will buy it."

greatest of all blessings. And incidenyou have the authority to give it its "Yes, you may buy it, but not at the

tally, brothers and sisters, the greatest vision."contract price. You will have to pay

calamity that can come to the home of I was overwhelmed. I was doubtthe market price for God's pearl

a Polynesian is not to have children. It ful, but I knew that within the being shell"; because the market price had

is such a great calamity when they of that Polynesian there was the simple gone up since he had signed the condo not have children that they go out faith of a child, a faith not beclouded tract.

learning or of the any psychology by children their neighbor's borrowand shell at pearl sold so God's he And in faith simple and but a of God men them. rearand his at the price the and market own

his the through promises had he made couple, blessed Well, this young we contracted. price for he which had And

its child Christ. that I gave Jesus Son I in there wife wereand and when my I inquired he have would what when

I eventually mustered up and name, child the to to they broughtMay, me instead price gone the done had down its bless it with to courage enough blessed, asked and andbe christened said: "I not of up, have he would

that it might be given the name of my vision. segregated God's pearl shell. I would

wife. President Halversen knows the little have left it with mine. I would always

A lady came to me in the mission boy. I saw it a few months ago. He see to it that God gets the top price

home suffering from what the Samoans is now six or seven years old, running for his pearl shell."

place, as see the can he over and call her all elephantiasis - or mu mu——like to a parthave would you How I this your see day. as well can "Laylegs all proportion. of out swollen She sisters? that, like brothers ner and shall resick, they the and upon hands blesssaid: "Brother and Cowley, me dividing are your up you men When cover."disease."this dread fromremove me shell pearl consideration do whatA month ago in Samoa she came to the I would like to add a story or two give to the price which should be paidyou

mission home and she said: "Do you here to those which have been related for God's pearl shell? I have a sneakremember me?"I said, "Yes, you are by Bishop Richards. Down in Tahiti ing idea that if the price had changed Sister Purcell who was suffering from where I have recently visited—and I as it did in that instance that some of

mu mu when I was here before."She could tell some stories about traveling us would have tried in some way to

ships they and were on people down downshowed me her ankles, there—our rather price the market obtained have

of said there seasonal occupation entirely normal. a have: "Now, Then she price for contract our own. than the

I want the cataracts to drop from my pearl shell diving, and our men are the eyes. Bless me now that I may receive best pearl shell divers in the islands of [ had a little mother, and I still have

the they are this the Oceania. priesthood blessing of French through A Why I in Zealand. her knew down New the all keep divers? they to best Because has power from God, who God I first just mission her was on when my stay of they can and heal."Wisdom, Word called In those boy. she a days young

longer others than the the under water

I to son. her back went me When the not. last stay under water in during do They who Zealand my P\own New I father. called preside, her she me am

feet for at ninety a of upwards depth I incidentally have fearfully mission—and wonderfully and made.

forty seconds. of and minutes two last mission reported to not my New I in called as occasion one on Now, that bring dive to depth and up They I there. president Zealand was when

I I vicinithat visited did always when shell the gives part pearl which them I to six will years or seven wait do little this to ty, see grand woman, for their resupport of the of means in line of with that you be some and blind. eighties, in and her then until seathe next of the year mainder I presidents. mission other went But

live in organized an not did She approaches. son It there durday. place to one a was

priestthe contact branch, with no had years. the ing Saint young Latterday man one This war young A visited missionaries the as except hood child, his shell eightmonth-old his in the pearl shore placed brought an on

in missionaries there. those no had We piles, "President said: child large one to me, one a he one and and two was at war. days. were away They

I christen our trader to the one, small a rather and want Cowley, you when baby."I said: "It looks like quite an came around with whom he had the I went in and greeted her in the

fashion. in her out She was Maori shell sell the blessed. to his pearl contract child old to be Why have you

fire. little I reached yard by her back pile. it before?"trader the small asked about brought him not

"Oh,"he said, "I just have not gotHe said: "Is that yours?"He said: forth my hand to shake hands with her,

ten around to it.""No, that is not mine."and I was going to rub noses with her

So I said, "All right, what is the The trader said: "Where did it come and she said: "Do not shake hands

name?"And he told me the name, and from?"with me, Father."

I was just about to bless the child and He said: "Oh, I dove for it."I said: "Oh, that is clean dirt on

he said: "While you are giving it a "Well, why is it not yours?"your hands. I am willing to shake

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

hands with you. I am glad to. I want

to.

She said: "Not yet."Then she got

on her hands and knees and crawled over to her little house. At the corner

of the house there was a spade. She

lifted up that spade and crawled off in another direction, measuring the distance as she went. She finally arrived

at a spot and started digging down into the soil with that spade. It finally

struck something hard. She took out

the soil with her hands and lifted out a fruit jar. She opened that fruit jar

and reached down in it, took something out and handed it to me, and it turned out to be New Zealand money. In

American money it would have been equivalent to one hundred dollars.

She said: "There is my tithing. Now

I can shake hands with the priesthood of God."I said: "You do not owe that much

tithing."She said: "I know it. I do not owe

it now, but I am paying some in advance, for I do not know when the priesthood of God will get around this way again."

And then I leaned over and pressed my nose and forehead against hers, and the tears from my eyes ran down her cheeks, and as I left her, I asked God in my heart to bring down upon me a curse if from that day henceforth and forever I did not return to God his pearl shell, onetenth of all that should ever come into my hands.

I love this work, my brothers and sisters. I thank God for my missionary

companions. The traveling which I do

is sometimes hazardous, but I love it;

I feel the protection of the Almighty

God. \17e left New Zealand three or vv four weeks ago, and I was on one of those fine clippers of the air. Two

hours out of New Zealand we struck a violent storm. The first thing I realized was that we had struck something. BEAUTIFUL

As a matter of fact, we had been struck by lightning. The lightning had penetrated the nose of the ship, and thatlightning ball bounced around the SPINETTE PIANOS

plane. How it missed the propellers, MASON & HAMLIN—CHICKERING—WURLITZER

I do not know. It destroyed one stabilizer on the plane. We continued on

our way. I believe from that moment In finishes and models to suit every

Fiji,until at Nandi, was we landed God taste. Ii you cannot come in to one

Ithe pilot plane, his of that and was servant, praying that we might be oi our stores write in for descriptive landed safely at our destination. catalogue.

I had no fear in my heart. I know pi

that God looks after his own.

I was on a little ship in Tahiti, a little fifty of tons,submarine chaser about a Please send me literature on a..(Spinette)—(Grand).

chaser.converted submarine The way Name

itthat thing acted I sure not had am been converted; not properly so. Eight Address....

days I was on that submarine chaser, and there was never a calm moment.There were a hundred and ten live pigs Glen Bros. Music Co.

on the deck space, and they were SALT LAKE Est. 1907 OGDEN

closed in by crates containing chickens.

I think Tahiti is the only place in the ( Concluded on page 758 NOVEMBER 1948 111 757 AMONG THE POLYNESIANS

(Concluded from page 757) He said: "I think that can be arfrom the Central Pacific Mission. Some

world where roosters crow all night. ranged."of the finest Saints we have in this

And then just ahead in front of these And so I signed on as a member of Church are our Japanese Saints. I

porcine quadrupeds and the fowl, were the crew, and I went from there to think sixtyfive percent of them pay a thirtyeight seasick natives. New Zealand. I never did find out full tithing. Most of them keep the

President Mitchell and I were in a what my duties were on that ship as a Word of Wisdom, and so our ersttiny cabin. That ship tossed and rolled. member of the crew. I thought for a while enemies are indeed among our

We never had our clothes off for six time that I might be the chaplain, but best Saints. As President. Kirkham

days. I had to lie on my bunk and hang we crossed the international date line said, let us love all people.

on to some pipes overhead to keep Saturday night, and when I woke up it I love the people of my missions with from being catapulted out into whatwas Monday, so Sunday was scratched all my heart. I love my missionary

I right are a great could not companions. doing out, and even perform They thereever space have there, and I was

chaplain. the as a of servants work. God. They are in never my duties such heard a symphony my

life. I will never forget it. Pigs squealWhen we arrived at Samoa, I was Way down in faroff Australia, that

ing, roosters crowing, sick natives called to the bridge of the ship. The great commonwealth, over in New

retching, and me hanging on for dear captain said to me: "Do you know Zealand and back up into the Polylife. But I was not seasick. Never where Apia, Samoa, is?"nesian Islands, your sons and your

have I been seasick or plane sick or I said: "Yes, you are just passing daughters are those who have gone into

car sick or train sick. I have been sick, it."the world in answer to the commission

but it has never been caused by veHe had passed our port of destinaof our Lord and Savior.

hicles of transportation. tion so we turned back and went into God bless you all. I leave my testi-

I left Tahiti in a freight ship. I was Apia. From there, we went on to New mony with you that God lives, that

a member of the crew of that freight Zealand, and before they started doing Jesus is the Christ, that Joseph Smith ship. It was the only way I could get the heavy work of unloading the ship, is a prophet of God, and these are men

on the ship. I had to go to the captain I signed off as a member of the crew. of God, endowed with the power from

and ask him if he would take me on as God opens up the way, brothers and on high to be the leaders of God's a passenger, and he said: "No, we are sisters, for his servants to accomplish children in the Dispensation of the Fulnot allowed to take passengers."their work. ness of Times. May we sustain them as

I said: "May I sign on as a member I see sitting before me now one or such I pray, in the name of Jesus

of the crew?"two of our good Japanese members Christ. Amen.

BUILDERS OF FAITH

(Continued from page 698) there should be the Relief Society this Church, and it is called The ChilChurch. I always get great stimulus Magazine. Wherever there is a Latterdren's Friend. It is the grandest, by

out of it. I am a better man because day Saint mother, there should be the all odds the best, child's magazine, that

I read what he says, because I love Relief Society Magazine. I have ever seen anywhere. It will do

the influence he carries. Although I You will be a better Latterday a great service for your children. The

cannot be in his presence every day, Saint, and you will be a better mother children of the Church love it. It pro-

I can read what he has said, and if you will take the Relief Society vides wonderful things with which to through it feel his influence. Magazine in your home. Your husbuild faith and character. It also gives

President Smith is assisted in the band and your children likewise will them entertainment. It gives to the

editorship of The Improvement Era be benefited by it because it does carchildren of the Church that something by Dr. John A. Widtsoe and President ry the spirit and the very essence of which they love and which they need.

Richard L. Evans. These men are a the gospel of Christ right into your It is indeed a mistake to suppose that

great inspiration to the Church. You home. The Children's Friend is only to go

are in excellent company when you are If you want better homes such as into the homes of those people who in their presence, and if you want to President McKay has been talking happen to be workers in the Primary have their influence about you and the about here, then you bring into your Association. Every child in this Church

children in your home, then take The home these magazines which help you is entitled to the benefit that can come

Improvement Era. so. I again say that I believe that the to him or her through the use of that

I do not know what the exact cirRelief Society Magazine should be in wonderful magazine. If you love your

culation of The Improvement Era is, every home, and therefore that magachildren and if you desire to build but I know that it is not what I would zine also should have a circulation in faith in their hearts and to develop like to see it. I think that if we have excess of two hundred thousand. character, put in their hands this valu-

a quarter of a million homes in this able child's magazine. Whether you

Church we ought to have nearly a And then, we are also interested in yourself happen to be a Primary workquarter of a million circulation for The our little children. Don't you love er or not, your children need the inImprovement Era, because it ought your little ones and don't you fast and creased faith and strength that can

to be in every home for the good it pray for them, and don't you hope that come to them through the use of that will do to you and to your children. they will be converted to the gospel magazine. Take it. It is one of the

I feel exactly the same way about of Christ, and don't you hope that helps that God has given to you to the Relief Society Magazine. I do not they will grow up to be stalwart memassist you in teaching and rearing your

know anywhere where you can find a bers of this Church? Then place in children.

magazine that will do you as much good, their hands every facility that you can Then there is another magazine, The as a woman and as a mother, as does to help them to get this faith deep in Instructor which is provided by the the Relief Society Magazine. It is pubtheir hearts and to establish habits and Sunday School, primarily for teachers.

lished and edited by women of great customs which will be in compliance It, too, is designed to build faith and faith and great spirituality as well as with the teachings of the Church. Do character and stability here in the

of great mentality. Every woman in you know one of the greatest and best Church.

this Church should have the Relief helps you can get to place in the hands There is another publication which

Society Magazine and read it. Wherof your children? It is a magazine pub- I love with all my heart, and that is

ever there is a Latterday Saint home, lished by the Primary Association of The Deseret News, a publication 758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which is owned and operated entirely gospel better if you have it in your by the Church. As President McKay homes.

said the other night, The Deseret News You come here to these conferences is your newspaper. It belongs to you, and you want to know what the Auand you should be interested in it. You thorities of the Church are thinking

should be interested in seeing it grow and talking about. The Deseret News

and develop. brings to you almost daily the attitude One of the great merchandising exof the leaders of this Church. I would Time Now

perts in the United States is a man not have you think that they read and named Amos Parrish. I have always study everything before it goes into To lay plans for attending your

because, newspaper, of course, enjoyed reading his magazine. of the One that Church University during the Wincould not be. the things But the general he teaches policy is that merchants

they are to sell their products for of The Deseret News is the reflection ter Quarter.

what they will do for the people, and of the policy of the Church of Jesus he tells the buyers to buy products Christ of Latterday Saints, and if you Large variety of courses, includto general those will the products for what what know for want do ating many new ones, insures your is titude of them, for the type of service this Church they will most subon render. jects, The Deseret News will bring it getting the classes you need.

What does The Deseret News do to you.

for you? The Deseret News also will give

it in service another great you that first In the place Deseret The News its brings to Section which, you Church ADMISSION APPLICATIONS brings to high class you a fine FOR news is in opinion, finest of the one very my feature and is in coverage which keep- 1. WINTER QUARTER DUE DEC. this things has ever Church produced ing the with highest traditions very of in periodical form. Every Church journalism. American newspaper That

his will ALL better worker STUDENTS do if he REGISTER work JANUhas in greatly very been the improved that has Section. Church Your homes is It past. recent ARY 3 AND 4. firstclass a newsif faith will have that read more you paper, of one well you which be may

Section. will children Church Your will proud, one well which serve you

the love better gospel that if they read in will your one and serve home which

I Section. Church it to you commend children well. equally your

soul. all my Class Work Begins things that What else does The Deseret News withThereall myareheartmanyandother

do for you? The Deseret News stands I could say about this newspaper, but

for Americanism. are Whether a you is time on. fast going brethren My this of not, or Church member The sisters, of say, and some you my "We will help to Deseret make you News all to afford cannot these take Church JANUARY 5 better a American, everybody and I all in publications."ask seriousyou

better needs to today. be Americans ness afford not take to can you how

to that So I you commend newspaper in the them? investment Church An Further For Information, Write Topatriotism, builds which genuine Amerlittle, it costs publications very but but

It in icanism hearts. for your stands Registrar The is living. in investment an good You the Constitution of the States United to the cannot store corner go and buy

referred has today, beenwhich to here dollar's character of a worth or a its all editors their believe and with faith. quarter's of these worth Yet

that hearts the Constitution Godwas all else the things for are above which

It inspired. finer greater promotes and life. strive in going Are we we

life. better communities, family and count so dimes our carefully—dimes all in are interested of cleanto Brigham youYou Young that so times otherwise many throw we er in communities, higher standards of far for less valuable away things—that living. like to see reduced would You children keep to our going are from we

isthe that vice in so apparent so many faithbuilding, these our and homes

Iof like our communities. would you influences? characterbuilding can University Howto that stands Deseret know The News afford take to not them? we for the high of standards the Church.

I said the that once Paul remember PROVO, UTAH It stands for clean clean communities, to the "I hand, cannot say eye no have living. Ifgovernment, clean and you thee."cannot of say need head The to citizen a bewant good enjoy and foot, thee."of "I the to need have no

life,clean community Deseret The I Is 12:1425.) there Corinthians (See

will help to so. youNews do the that of us dangers knowing one

surround our children in this day of said has here been the aboutITuch in lax morality, of smoking, this dayiV1

I that youth. Deseret tell you The is drinking, carousing, there and

News will serve your youth. You of us who will say that a single safeone

know and I know what faithdestroy- guard of the Church is unnecessary?

ers cigarets are. You and I know that These publications are safeguards of

willa cigaret help to the destroy faith the I pray and Church may that we if itand, on, continues salvathe very the vision to as such, have see them tion of your children. You may place and that we may not say to any one of

The Deseret News with confidence them, "I have no need of thee,"andand safety in the hands of your chilfor this I pray in the name of Jesus Qjcca&wtL dren, because the pages of that newsChrist. Amen.

paper will never tempt your children to take will a smoke. leisure Likewise it never Of those and who have SALT IAKE COSTUME CO. childrentempt your beer to drink their to improve or means minds and

hard liquor, because such advertisemake themselves very useful, there 248 So. Main

ments are not there. The Deseret are but few who do not squander

News is a clean newspaper, and it will their time and means* Dial 3-1031 help you and your children to live the—Brigham Young

NOVEMBER 1948 759 RESPONSIBILITIES OE THE PRIESTHOOD (Continued from page 697) sins in this world nor in the world to this section, "only by persuasion, by is a choice group of men. In the come. (Idem 41.) longsuffering, by gentleness and

meekness, unfeigned."love and of is by truly un- a spirit thereChurch, is this covenant between our Now then great promises (Idem 41.) Andselfish service. those of Father us Heavenly and who

his follow exercises to the man who the priesthood. bear promise when We principles priesthood the of office upon to days a few''"Phere came my it faithful, to true receive and be we

righteousness. sweetspir- fine upstanding, a "* ago priesthood the to magnify honor and

ited elderly man. He came in timidly it. The Lord promises in return the The fourth significant thing is found

and took a chair at the desk, and then richest blessings of eternity. in that great revelation on the priesthe said: "Brother Benson, how old The second significant thing spoken hood, given through the Prophet to

can a man be before he is too old to of in the revelations is found in the the Council of the Twelve and the go on a mission?"fiftyeighth section of the Doctrine Church as the Twelve were about

And I answered: "My good brother, and Covenants and was given to the to depart on missions to various parts

I do not know that there is any upper elders 117 years ago. It is to the efof the country. It is contained in the

age limit."fect that men who hold the priesthood 107th section of the Doctrine and

He said: "I have been on two mis- "should be anxiously engaged in a Covenants. The Lord closes that

sions, and I would like to go on one good cause."The Lord points out great revelation with these words:

like I pass before I would away.more it is it is that expected, to not not be

let his learn every Wherefore, now man I to whereto Oklahoma, go back "it is expedient, says, meet,"not he in in duty, to act the and office which he mission. secondserved Do you I my in all things,""that should command is all is diligence. appointed, in that He

I old?"toothink am until for that not anything does he he slothful shall not to counted be worthy

"How old are you?"is commanded is a slothful servant. stand, and he that learns not his duty and

"Eightysix; but I would like to go And then he says: "... men should be shows himself not approved shall not be

once more before I die."anxiously engaged in a good cause... counted worthy to stand. (Ibid. 107:99Now, there is much of that spirit and bring to pass much righteous100. Italics speaker's.)

of the Church. priesthood the their of 58:2627), (D. ness"C.among & obligations in are contwo HPhere I it, thrill brethren,I is and will with free for the am my in them power own

significant inthat nection with associated withgrateful to be men themselves. agents unto to be

first, junction; that duty, our we learn spirit. that it is carry to receive the not enoughwho So

secondly, that in the and act ofwe sit passively priesthood then and back in the reading impressed been I have in fice have which appointed been we until into us wait and prods someone least four at that there arerevelations, in diligence. activity. priestreceive the this to we pertaining thingssignificant When

to this help to priestmake Nowall obligation the of hood, behave we emphapriesthood which been have effective in lives in hood more our and actively anxiously coming and engaged If his prophets. to thesized Lord by lives of the those serve, the Lord we in the of righteouspromoting cause II refer like to those to would may, provided priesthas the of quorums in earth, the ness the because Lord items.four

units, classes, brothersays: hood—service

which operwe may hoods—through the missionaries in 1832 whenDack not anything he that doeth until he... efforts ate and our promake more their returned from*-* had fields of is and receiveth commanded, a commandductive of good.

eviKirtland, Ohio, it tolabor and had heart, doubtful with and ment keepeth really are great obligaThere two is slothfulness, the priesthood the with about concern same damned.denced tions resting the priesthood upon 29.) (Idem with, blessed the been had theywhich

is First, or quorum, brotherhood. the

priesthood, revelation a on gaveLord obligation looking of after the significant welthing third regarding The of the in the section 84thcontained fare of our members. perAnything the priesthoodpriesthood the and In that revCovenants.Doctrine and

social, taining to the it or economic, is exercised that should bearer be of theelation "oath the spoke Lord spiritual of welfare should principles righteousmembers be "only upon of the priesthood, of and covenant"and the the of In concern addiquorum. ness."PresiReference by made was it to of obligationthe hold men who

it tion, is the obligation great of this that to secdent morning Clark faithful that priesthood to truebe and assist to in quorums promoting the tion the of of prophecies prayer and callings. their to magnify Theand

is the of program threeChurch which 121, in section which Prophet Joseph, said:Lord

first, fold: building the of it the is up called that pointed are out many

... whoso is faithful unto the obtaining but few are chosen. And the reason stakes and wards of Zion and keepthese two priesthoods of which I have why they are not chosen is because ing the people in the line of their

spoken, and the magnifying of their callmen's hearts are so set upon the duty; second, the carrying of the mesSpirit,ings, sanctified the are by sage of the restored to gospel those.... this aspire things to of the world and

... kingthe and church become][and it not have yet heard or who accepted that learn not of honors they do men

elect the 84: of (D. God. anddom & C. it; third, the and carrying of forward lessons, rights fundamental the "That3334.) the great responsibility of temple inseparably conof the are work priesthood

And then, even more significant, this nected with the powers of heaven,"for the living and the dead in the great promise was made: "... there- (D. & C. 121:36) and the priesthood houses of the Lord.

fore all that my Father hath shall be can be exercised and controlled only These obligations rest squarely upon given unto him,"(Idem 38) the upon the principles of righteousness. the priesthood.

priesthoodbearer who is faithful and Yes, there is danger in receiving Now, my brethren, we face a great magnifies his calling. authority and power, if exercised unchallenge. At the present time we

"... this,"says the Lord, "is acrighteously. And the Prophet makes it have wide participation and wide according to the oath and covenant very clear that it seems to be the tivity, and we are making progress

which belongeth to the priesthood.. disposition of almost all men, as soon as evidenced by the records that come

those who receive the priesthood,"ac they get a little power, to exercise in from all parts of the Church. Our

the Lord indicates, "receive this oath unrighteous dominion over their progress is splendid. Our performance

and covenant of my Father, which he fellows, and when that time comes, probably was never any better, if as cannot break...."(Idem 3940.) then there usually follows the spirit of good, as now, yet there is much to

And this solemn warning: apostasy,ency to apersecutespirit of criticism,the Saintsa tendand berecordsdone.forAslastwe year,have wecheckedfind thatthe

But whoso breaketh this covenant after fight against the Church. "No power approximately onethird of the total

he hath received it, and altogether turneth or influence can or ought to be mainMelchizedek Priesthood membership therefrom, shall not have forgiveness of tained by virtue of the priesthood,"says is not engaged in any Church ac760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tivity of any kind. In addition to this be anxiously engaged in a good cause.

group we have approximately twenty Let us be true to the oath and covethousand men over twentyone who nant of the priesthood Let us exercise hold no priesthood; approximately the priesthood upon the principles of

fiftysix thousand adult members of righteousness. And let us all learn our

the Aaronic Priesthood, and some four duty and act in the office in which thousand boys twelve to twentyone we have been appointed in all dilinot yet ordained. This gives a total gence.

of eighty thousand for which the Lord I leave with you, my brethren and in large measurewill us hold that resisters, testimony no greater my to activitysponsible, to them win on this blessing man can come to any and devotion, so that they may receive earth than to receive the priesthood the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood and of God and a testimony of the divinity enjoy blessings which flow therefrom. of this work, if he honors that priestThis great number, plus inactive Melhood and lives according to the teachchizedek Priesthood members, present ings and standards of the church.

a great responsibility and challenge.

In their veins flow some of the best This is the work of God. I know it

blood of this dispensation. as I know I live. May God help us

clothed with power as a body of men, in to deed, are expected, very We establish authority, to help Zion and if keeper, and our brother'sbe we fail, we will, of course, be our own acand build up the kingdom, to go forIn making your selection cusers. Now is the time to live the ward and accomplish the work which

standards of the Church, to magnify the Lord would have us do, without our priesthood, to live worthy of the flinching and without hesitation, in all of something useful and rich promises made to us as bearers faithfulness, I humbly pray, in the name of the priesthood. Let us, therefore, of Jesus Christ. Amen. pleasing, nothing is more

KEEPING THE COMMANDMENTS OF GOD appropriate than an {Concluded from page 691) and have bestowed upon them every want to belong to that great family of gift and every blessing that pertains

God which is in heaven, and, so far to the celestial kingdom, and thus sons the and is concerned, on earth. become they shall theas Church the Electrical imof have you is daughters God, and why.That

Eventually, when this work is perpressed upon them that great truth fected, and Christ delivers up to his that if they are not married for time

Father the keys and makes his report, and eternity that they will come forth Christmas and death is destroyed, then that great in the resurrection of the dead sepfamily from the days of Adam down, arately and singly, to be servants for of all the righteous, those who have those who belong to the family of God. Gift

kept the commandments of God, will Have you done that? Are you doing

find that they are one family, the famthat?

ily of God, entitled to all the blessings Time will not permit me to say anythat pertain to the exaltation. thing more, but I want to leave this SEE YOUR DEALER

continuation these children with you, in impression teaching your Are you parents to FOR SUGGESTIONS as sisters?truths, brothers, of our responsibilities Are my my

you training them so that when they each other and to our children, and as are married they will want to go to the Patriarch declared yesterday, if we the house of the Lord? Are you teachwill do these things, keep these coming them so that they will want to remandments and live as we ought to,

ceive the great endowment which the there will be no divorce in the ChurchLord has in store for them? Have you of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. UTAH POWER

impressed upon them the fact that they The Lord bless you, I pray in the can be sealed as husbands and wives name of Jesus Christ. Amen. & LIGHT CO.

THE UTTERDAY SAINT HOME (Continued from page 696) have known and who has reared an exthe talked family. cellent about We a mother there be wouldsomewhere

to her helped that things keep had to become sons worthyrearing some said: line. in family She daughters, and her of husbandsthe

it I practice and Lee, Brother made my PROFITABLE DAYS finally married. daughters thethen, that children along came when my the rule, of the mothers withIn talking AHEAD FOR I as contacts to going many make was

sons, she found that those mothers with my children in the home as I poshad been praying ever since their boys sibly could. I was always there whenwere born that somewhere God would they went to school; I planned to give QUISH

if else, to necessary, be everything up girls to beworthy preparing somebe GRADUATES

I there there they home; came was when sons. QUISH on Capitalize of her the wivescome

their their parties they and a You'll had be when now! training

sisters, I brethren and to you, say beautician when competent I in friends the waited home; always and

prograduated. QUISH family, of home, lofty conceptssuch in parties after to the order evening up technical with vides you of responsibilities and children they greet the home came home whenand gained my knowledge kill and ENROLL I 24 FOR SEND at that the party, found because from to certain a guarantees hapfamily, are TODAY! years.CATALOG inFREE NOW I to able a such encourage moments was successful home. andpy

it us, frankness permitted between and their that over confidences enjoy to the builded a comradeship years which kept 338 SOUTH MAIN difficulty. of in times safe themZoomingforniahomethis onlasttheweek,trainI fromrode Caliwith me

one of these lovely mothers whom I {Concluded on page 762)

NOVEMBER 1948 761 mm THE LATTERDAY SAINT HOME (Concluded from page 761) to the children to make them partners. of these children, following this period

What a blessing is such a wise mothAs they have grown older, there has of instruction, and the good example er! Such children, so taught, with been a sort of partial partnership with of parents, there are nine more lovely

whom mothers and fathers have made father and mother as the parent corand secure families living happily tosuch comrades, in times of stress and poration, and still older, a full partnergether.

storm will turn to mother and father ship, and then in old age the parents I contrast that with the lament of a as the ship laboring in the storm to the sell to the children and retire on the father who said: "What is the matter

port for safety. income from the properties thus diswith my family?. In every one of their

The Apostle Paul, because apparentposed of. Learning how to do on the homes, now they are married, they

ly of the importance that he saw of farm, having a part in homemaking are having trouble, and divorce is love in the home, made this statement: and the family earnings is a sure threatening."I saw the kind of home

guarantee against juvenile delinquency. they grew up in, and I contrasted it

Husbands, love your wives, even as The blase girl who is overpainted and with this other home where safety and church, also the loved and gaveChrist presents dressed the but immodestly security been provided. have

it; forhimself girl picture the unlovely of unhappy spiritual conof maintenance The their love as wives ought men...to So for kind a is making of pop- a bid who prayers, tacts, family of exercise thetheir bodies. 5:25, (Eph. 28.) own

ularity that personal endowments to duattention constant did the Church

And another prophet condemned the not provide. The boy with his first ties have all been some of the things

infidelity of men and their unfaithfulsmoke and the first drink and the bethat have helped these homes to be ness to their companions, those who ginning of profanity ofttimes is one successful, and so as I close with these had failed in their parental responsibiliwho is trying to flag a feeling of infew observations, may I remind you ties in these words: feriority, and acts thus to make himself that the Lord has said that those who

difficult situato equal seemingly a in the the temple are sealed Holy by

I, the the seen I Lord, behold, have tion. For of that kinds have homes The shall the Spirit pass of Promise by of the mourning the heardsorrow, and describing, as the found been among set are which gods, the angels and in of the of people landdaughters my the leaders stakes misthroughout and all in things. exaltation their there, to all of in lands the andJerusalem, yea my this are sions of Church, where homes of the wickednesspeople, and because attention, I call to that your May is rarely to delinquency found, bebe their husbands. ofabominations that only brethren, reminding you you responsibilities that of cause the have... of the hearts your broken have Ye eternal shall be and marriages your children the to given throughout been lost of confidence thetender wives, and

eternity through shall perpetuated be their reyears. Individual children, growing exof your bad becauseyour

amples before them and the sobbings of sponsibilities assigned to family memonly so long as you keep the covenants their hearts ascend up to God against bers seems most vital in the building that you have made. The Spirit of

you. And because of the strictness of of these successful homes. Promise is the spirit which searches

ofthe cometh his God, which down word hearts of men, the when and families these respect I see showing died, hearts piercedagainst you, many is then approval sealing other; father to mother, given—onlyonly each towards wounds.with deep of Mormon, (Book eternal. blessings become your affection for her, to will mother and and 2:31, 35.)Jacob

father; no quarrelings, no bickerings God grant that the homes of the

T have found in these Latterday before the children at least, misunderLatter-day Saints may be blessed and * Saint homes that one of the characstandings talked out sensibly—I saw that there shall come into them hapteristics that mark them as outstanding one such home with nine lovely chilpiness here and the foundation for exis that the family has been made into dren where the children bear testialtation in the celestial kingdom in

a partnership. Father and mother in mony to the fact that they have never the world to come, for which I humbly

the early days, managing the income, heard their father and mother quarrel. pray, in the name of the Lord Jesus

have given small weekly allowances The result is now that in the nine homes Christ. Amen.

THE IMPORTANCE OF STABILITY

(Continued from page 695) for freedom, pledging "our lives, our Let me point this up with an illusnormal processes of life. It all arises fortunes and our sacred honor."The tration. When the American colonies

out of one cause—lack of fidelity to very expression implies sacrifice and revolted against the mother country,

are suffering, whichright principles—principles hidreality. Nowdisciplinewe wantof thetosoulbe tosparedmeet itthewasprinciplesnot outbyof whicha purposethey tohaddiscardlived. and are not mysteriouslyknown

claimed they merely Englishmen suffering of emoAs failed in allegiance toden. have Men any kind—physical, of Englishmen, the recognized rights tional, mental. or principles religioustheir and nations We seek security,

have not been true to their political a sixhour day, a car, and a pension. which rights, they contended, they, as

principles. The two infidelities go toBut all the time life eludes us, peace residents of the colonies, were being

gether. When there is a breakdown of mind eludes us, and we have disdenied. If Britain had acceded to their

of religious constancy, there inescapsatisfaction, turmoil, uncertainty, and requests, they would have been conably follows deterioration in the podread. tent to remain as subjects of the kinglitical morality. Both have the same True, human institutions, bearing in dom and there would have been no

root cause, namely, the breaking away themselves the imperfections incident revolution. Britain did not yield to

from or the compromising of sound to the limited wisdom and capacities their demands. So they declared a poprinciples. It amounts to a running of those who fashion and operate litical separation and fought a war to

away from reality and giving way to them, fall short of the permanence make their declaration good. Having

the urge for avoiding the hard and characteristic of things divine and may achieved that, they had to set up a rigorous disciplines incident to meetbe subject to change with the progress new framework of government to ing the issues of life, trying to reach of unfolding wisdom and experience. carry on. But they did not throw their

goals without traveling the thorny road But change should be toward the ideal old principles into the scrap heap.

that leads to them. We want to avoid and should not run ahead of readiness They perpetuated them under their new

all the disagreeable things. We are to receive and assimilate it without government. The principle they hadtrying to live under a pleasure econviolent disruptions lest mischief instead contended for was freedom—the rights

omy in a pleasure world. So we live, of betterment result. Change so of free men. That continued to be

really, in nothing; for no God, for no brought about will be accomplished the purpose of their new government

piety towards the past, for no pride of without destroying continuity, a facand was the core of continuity bindrace or personality. Once we lived tor vital to orderly progress. ing the old to the new. They were

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA still, as their English forebears had it if the people surrender to the seducbeen, a Godfearing Christian nation tive lure of specious phantasmas, restanding on their right to be free. The ligious or political, forswearing the

government they fashioned was consolid principles on which we are founcerned primarily with making that andationed and on which the Church and cient right secure. They tried by the nation have grown to greatness JfoL

every art and device they knew to and power.

provide against another infringement

it. It little floundering, of took a a x"'J ookyououtsee overseethingthe worldunrest,todayturmoil,and DESERET travail, of period before they got their

government going; but when they did, confusion, dread, suspicion, envy, disit constituted no rupture with the past, trust, and preparation for devastating

has war. happened? continuity What and that imparted a wonNEWS Britain it France and stability derful went to war to to the new nation;

began life free of blood purges, reguarantee the territorial integrity of that Poland. cause made prisals our For and excesses. hundred one We

principle that naPRESS no its cause. The was sixty years run unbroknow it has

en course. So begun and so perpetution should be suffered to be trampled

ated, the United States of America has underfoot by a ruthless invader of achieved unparalleled transcendence its land. The enemy was subdued, but

among the nations. It stands today the the principle of protection of a people

last hope of free men, the one steadyagainst the incursions and oppression ing support to this reeling world. of a foreign tyrant, for which the war was ostensibly fought, was relinCOMMERCIAL

{""ontrast that with the story of the quished and a large part of the terriRevolution suffered of which came tory Poland to be was French AND EDITION its entire shortly along seized after. This people and brought was inaugurated by a wild fury of murder, raunder the dominion of a despot quite

pine, and blind vengeance, with monas ruthless and cruel as the first inPRINTERS AND sters contending for supremacy and vader. The invasion of Finland was

the victor sending the vanquished to denounced bruas an act of wanton the guillotine. inBOOK BINDERS Excesses of the perpetrator spiraled, with tality and the

frenzied zealots pushing ever to furvasion as a despot as tyrannical as any ther extremes. in the world. At the bottom a turn of was the by Then the PAPER RULING

utter principles. of fortune that abandonment of It wheel got despot over

was sought to wipe out the past. God on to our side, or more properly

was dethroned and mocked in derision; speaking, we got on to his and winked

reason deified and a new cult proour eyes at his dismemberment of that claimed. With the thread of continuunhappy land and his impositions upon

ity completely severed, there could its people of unconscionable indembe no settling down to a stabilized nities.

order, and terror reigned until NapoWithout so much as consulting our j-rofeteiovia t leon trained on them his guns and esancient friend, China, we gave consent tablished his personal rule. Since then, to the seizure of a vast chunk of its

governments have risen and fallen in territory and the control over its vital and Joctal

France, republic passing into totalicommunications.

tarian empire, and empire back into The world is reaping the fruit of thisrepublic, principles. of republic into abandonment republic and There Jtatiuoner*v is only one truth existence the of and present one morality.with the very

one hanging in the balance. The atWhen discovered, it matters not

tendant uncertainty and confusion and whether they find application to relack of steadfastness is its plague. ligious observances or to political sysAnd yet with this and multitudinous tems. They bear the hallmark of 29 RICHARDS STREET

other examples of history before us, eternity and may not with impunity we have today in this land those who be abandoned or compromised.

Stability will come when men solid our destroywould foundations once PHONE 4-5521 the promises they live by make here the fromby importing Old World more what our forebears ran away from to and in their public morality as in their come and plant deep in the virgin soil private conduct, in their religious as of this new land the roots of the tree in their political life, they develop inof liberty. The news is leaking out tegrity of purpose and steadfastness

that there is now forming, to be pubto principle and adherence to known licly launched as soon as the elections laws foundationed in the wisdom of are over, a new party, spearheaded by the eternal.

men who, having enjoyed a brief hour As we struggle forward toward that of power, but now out of favor in the goal, let us hold steadfastly before our the shining eyes of Christ's beacon thatparty elevated them, loath are V perfect order as stated for us byto see slipping authority their of out hands. Their purpose is to bring to Alma:

pass socialistic here the experimentain he cannot crooked walk paths;... *%K

tion is that destroying strength the of neither doth he vary that from which he 534 So. MainEngland that said; hath shaking and nation to neither hath of he a shadow

its foundation. That experiment has turning from the right to the left, or Salt Lake City, Utah

been aptly described as "the halfway from that which is right to that which is FOR:

PRIVATE wrong; therefore, PARTIES his course is one eternal BANQUETShouse the to totalitarianism."road on

EXCLUSIVE DINING EXCELLENT round. SERVICE (Alma 7:20.)

is land also The fecund of pseudo CATERING SERVICE BOX LUNCHES us the wisdom and lence. stability, thisreligiousWecultshave spawningalready lostlikesomepestiof theMaystrengthGod tograntachieve I REX McKEAN.PHONEManager31708& Operatorour own stability and shall not recover pray, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

NOVEMBER 1948 763 a

FUNDAMENTAL TEACHINGS OF THE CHURCH

(Continued from page 694) But having given each person his free nate demands, struggles to get somehis that from senger heaven name agency, only a God few name nothing—to

should and evil had for be good among the he uses to way Unless America wakes up holds it—whetherhim responsiblefor thefor thingof them.for

all nations, kindreds, and tongues. Yes, good and uplift, or otherwise, of his the grave dangers of the trend of the

Joseph Smith was divinely called, a fellow men. times and takes steps to curb and elimper- his the to truth and works which is evils, inate sealed her these as doom Satan, to Relative perhaps has he of thouof testimony hundreds sonal free, land prosperous, of a and happy influence than today more among men testify. his sincerely of followers sands is continue to people. a as land This in history. ever before human We his solely judged by works—the all And lands,"other "choice land above treaty of yet have with peace no Gerstick universally measuring only divinely conspoken) on (words or in yet as and none many Japan, in greatness in determining inof dition the righteousness her of sight, fighting these though with counsurely presents employedmen—Jochallenge a Smith seph habitants. tries ago. three years than more ended adult to normalminded every I human will that Saints observe Latterday First In the Armistice World War, in the interested happiand good being that nothing said have new—nothing In of the 11th November. came Day chalhimself fellow a of ness men, and purBut already they not know. do my the following of treaty a peace June careful to give lenge study and is call in things to saying these pose is signed. with Germany was What his to investigation claims and thorough attention. In to obeour again them is the trouble Satan. answer now? My I that believe Personally, teachings. will to us given the divine to dience I think certain the leaders nations of of our people very even many Mormon revelation, of partake weekly by we in treaties voice a have making who indiffercareless less or are and more of as the Sacrament the Holy emblems in of the are Satan. Satan power And significance the of the to message ent of for our renewal a a reminder and does trouble, peace. not want more The called to to deliver Smith was Joseph have covenants. knows Lord The we fighting, in world, the wickedness and the world. forgetters; very he knows good we the laughs. childish, Satan more How it is well this connection, perhaps In frequently reminded. to need be are! stupid of us weak, and many We the that devSatan ourselves to remind sisters, the of Brethren members and less yield or readily to deour more

I il, ago, mentioned a moment whom Christ Latterday of of Jesus Church in stroyer, affect that matters us both spirit is brothbeing, real a personal a sinful Saints, repent to of need we in is in person mass. Russia and But

spirit in with form a er of ours body in of us practices which worldly many all atheistic. In the public wholly

is all like here other that of men. less. He bring to indulge or need more We there, schools the from kindergarten to spirof multitude other earth with a on practices selfish desires within our and university, the children the are taught

it in children of heaven. Father our He limits Rule. the the of Golden We is the that there doctrine Satanic no

all his can hosts are doing they and cultivate humility to and more do need in rules jungle"of the "law God. The the of the by to handicap Lord work particularly in our praying, sincere circles. will treaties government When children here the Father's handicapping circles. to family keep need more We of to Christian conformable peace

troubles, sorrows, mortality. All our in of in vividly the commandments mind in the standards, of making which Russins, stem miseries, wickedness and determination the with and more Lord sia effective voice, in a has become his Satan, right through to back who lives efforts to our govern our increase and Germany Japan? leads machinations temptations and is, these that implement accordingly,

men away from the paths of peace, fair But we need not look abroad to see commandments in our daily living.

dealing, and righteous living, from the troubles and unchristian conduct. We

love of God and love of their fellow have plenty in our beloved America. But "Dveryone of us has more or less

in the country abroad, whether our or mortals. *"*'influence see those with and who

is influultimate cause live. the same—the act, And we how we know how

this Satan. influence ence of And traveling about Europe twelveVS7hen all misto is since are expected be we

* to fifteen years ago, we frequentlargely manifested through a universal sionaries and teach the gospel of Christ of selfishness. Have said, "Therely is no human people trait—that met should the world, to all who our Lord we

not all the been of history major wars children loves whose us and that in fact the the long who in mindGod keep we are; otherwise, he never would have due to selfishness, especially when asrun the most effective way the majority

traits the similar with ensociated First the ispermitted World War, of of us can do this by example. We Christian ambition and greed? The destructiontailing misery all to many and "I familiar are old saying, the with

millions of human beings."Of course rule of conduct is indicated by the would rather see a sermon than hear

second great commandment: "Love to such attitudethe of Mormonism answer natural to take. very one"—a neighbour as thyself."If you not thy is that Satan,false and conclusions that the Apostle James do With we teach

God, is responsible in the final analysis this, then necessarily you treat your faith without works is dead and that in for these troubles. To every child that neighbor as you would like to be the great day of judgment we shall be

comes into mortality our Father in treated in similar circumstances. In judged according to our works.

heaven has given his free agencyother words, you observe the Golden In this connection may I mention the freedom to do as he pleases, freedom Rule, a thing so difficult to do that Fourth Commandment which enjoins in doing fully suceeds perhaps no one to the temptations power yieldto the and Sabbath us to keep holy day—rule expresses the Christian But the to reject violated Satan, frequentlyof and it. freedom so commandment God

righteousness. These matters are fairly ideal. If this ideal, even approximateby multitudes of people, even by some

well understood by Latterday Saints, ly, motivated the makers of internationof our own people. Whatever nonbut not by many of their nonMormon al treaties, peace between nations members may do in violation of thisbrethren. Yes, Satan is the father of would soon be here—the great desidholy day does not justify us in any

lies, the inspiration of wickedness, and eratum of the vast majority of the peodegree whatsoever in doing likewise the source of wars. Years ago a great ple of every country. on this day. We cannot go to movies,

newspaper in the Middle West entitled or ball games, or other kinds of comits lead editorial "Hitler, the Devil In- "VTow in our own country what do we mercial entertainments. We may not

carnate."God works through men willsee? A multitude of devilinspired go hunting, or fishing, or golfing, on the

ing to obey him, to lead his mortal troubles, most of them having their Sabbath without violating the holiness children to paths of righteousness. roots in uncontrolled and excessive of the day—such is a doctrine of the

Likewise, Satan works through men selfishness, exhibited by excessive gospel of Jesus Christ as we interpret willing to yield to temptations, to bring prices of necessities, work stoppages, it, notwithstanding the teachings of troubles and destruction to God's chilstrikes, mass picketing, lockouts, some professing Christians to the condren. Whether we serve God or Satan crimes, and indulgence in sinful practrary. The Lord has spoken in modern

is a matter for the individual to decide. tices, pressure groups making inordidays on this subject.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have spoken of some characteristic in whose image we, his children are teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ made both in the spirit and the flesh.

of Latterday Saints. In addition we This is his Church, the only one on

have some teachings that are at the earth that he recognizes as his own, a basis of every acceptable Christian life. truth that we declare not boastfully Some of these are indicated in the but in humility, very thankful that we CHRISTMAS

Article Thirteenth of Faith: see, ears to given eyes been have to AND to unhear, hearts to feel, minds and honest, true, chaste, in being We believe

benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good derstand.

to all men,... God help us all to accept and conBrethren and sisters, God has again tinue loyal and faithful to these truths

showed himself and spoken to man in I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. modern times. He is a personal being Amen. GOOD BOOKS

How well they fit HUNGER IN THE MIDST OF PLENTY together!

(Concluded from page 693) what in the nation saps our strength?

coming out of the hearts of common What shall I do, he asks, to be saved men. It would be a help to church and from the world's confusion? In answer

other organizations for human good. to such questions we can begin with

It would be a mighty deterrent to evil, the issues of the day at home, such as for Satan, an incarnate coward, flees those here mentioned. Acceptance of

before determined righteousness. And one law makes it easier to yield to

it would have divine backing. others. True, such a campaign would need There are then two principles of acANY BOOK

some sacrifice of time, strength, and tion in solving the world's troubles:

money. But the cause is the greatest Every man must be his brother's keepon earth. Lesser causes are fiercely er; and in his labor must consider invocal. Millions of dollars are spent dividual needs first, group needs last. OF THE CHURCH

annually to advertise a brand of We live in a land of plenty in mawhiskey or cigarets. Why not shout terial things. We revel in luxury.

the way to peace from the housetops? Meanwhile, the blood of our children WRITE

Publicity and repetition need not be is shed over the earth, for heaven only confined to the material aspects of life. knows what. We live in a land of

Our spiritual needs, always battling spiritual famine. We are hungry for

with evil, have greater rights. It could the bread that feeds the spirit. Bebe made the greatest campaign for hucause of our waywardness, contention, EZRA L MARLER

man happiness in the last two thousand warfare, and other evils rob us of the L. D. S. BOOKS BY MAE.

years. beggar happiness the Lord would have us enany It would movement Box 267 Salt Lake City, Utah joy. time. good, of any for human

However, we must not be hopeless

Any campaign for righteousness must of the future. Repentance and for-

* consider first the individual man. giveness are eternal principles. But STANDARD PRICES

As he is, so the group is. He is the there is work to do. Each one of us

one who, noting current events, is must change his own life. Each one PERSONAL SERVICE

either hopeful or hopeless, who either of us must be a converter of others.

courageously tries to solve for himself May the Lord of heaven help us so SAMEDAY MAILING the problems of the day, or thinking to build that there will no longer be there is no escape from impending hunger in the land—in the name of the

events, eats, drinks, and is merry. By Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Write for Free 1948 Price List

happy individuals the happy nation is built, as bricks of a color and shape reveal the architect's dream. Mass

conversions are like heaps of bricks. LIKENESS

Moreover, we must teach these hungry individuals in our Christian By Georgia Moore Eberling

Christ, doctrines the ascountry of never really can show 7V photograph simple of Canker, him, not astaught in treatment conceived and by Aids ** changing nor hold moods, The Christ men. spokeand interpreted by minor throat mouth the sore and other glint flitting

as man to man, to common men, and Of humor, with its fitful light and glow, and throat irritations.

they understood him. It often happens Nor capture personality's bright tint.

that men lose the spirit of a doctrine My mother's photographs are posed and because they cannot agree on the cold, REMEDY HALLS face her grave solemnity upon is With ofmeaning words. There wellknown City, Utah Salt Lake to smile her seem too would As if make in such hairsplitting, saving grace nono

soul'scure of the rob her of her staid sweet woman's fuses the ordinary man. hunger.WeItmustonlyspeakconAnd bold,grace.

to one another as we offer Christ's But in my mirror, just the other day, FREE Sample Record teachings, his lucid to solve ourwords, life, I in to stood mother awe. came My revealing can be taught you singing how—crisis, hair, smiled in simple,present her understandsmoothed She brown and speaking and teachers famous by through

... striped with gray.able language. Educational Records. Write for record I not / but saw! Mother was whom Besides, individual for It the asks man to Send cost cover of packaging 25 postage. and Cents—will daughter dear day some So own my direction.specific Generalizations serve see

INSTRUCT-0-TONES SIERRA CALIF MADRE,little. the talk of moral we... When startled herself In wonder, not but

law, he replies, which one? He asks me.

NOVEMBER 1948 765 MEETING THE CHALLENGE

(Concluded from page 705) Lord for that faith. I thank the Lord out. I know these problems are not

We had a lovely meeting. The spirit of for that inspiration because it inspired easy to solve, but I do know that if

it was so impressive; it was reflected me. I know it isn't an easy thing to we can make our young people feel

in the music, the administering of the say to boys and girls and to our chilthe strength of our message, if we can sacrament as it should be, and in very dren that they must not do this or that. make them feel this hidden something

feeldeed to that we were made we to gives these strength that and power if find should, possible, ansome remembering thewere Lord, that I said are not so and girls boys who we Weswer, solution to these some probrenewingwere covenants, taking our trained well testimony but have who lems. ourselvesupon his again holy name, if children can and faith, our be made

being made to feel that he is near, and I commend to you a method that has to feel the strength and power that when the meeting was over, we felt been adopted in one of our stakes. comes from the spirit of our Heavenly

that we wanted to keep his commandBaseball on Sunday became a chalFather and from serving him, and from ments. lenge. The stake presidency took the keeping his commandments, many of

After meeting, we rode home. My problem in hand and by contacting our problems will be solved. None of

daughter's reaction was heartening, those who were on the committee to us know, as I have said many times, "Dad,"she said, "I know the answer provide this athletic activity the way all the answers, but we do know that now. I know the harm. I know the was opened whereby the games could there is a spiritual force in this great

danger. If this thing is permitted to be played on a weeknight. Flood lights work. I would that we could translate

go on, boys and girls will lose their were provided, and the men who had it into the lives of our people, that we desire for the lovely thing that we have it in charge felt good about it. They could make them all feel as you and

had tonight, and something will be are our own people. They are Latter- I feel, in this house of worship this

taken out of their lives that they can't day Saints. They are not very active, day, that divine presence, to make

recover."She continued, "If men and but they are not unsympathetic, and them feel resolved in their hearts as we

women and boys and girls could just I thought to myself if we could apfeel resolved in ours, that as for us we realize what it means to be spiritually proach understandingly some of these will try to serve the Lord and to keep fed on the Sabbath day, many of our important problems perhaps we could his commandments. May God help

problems of keeping this day holy find a solution by sitting down around us so to do, I pray, in the name of would be solved."Well, I thank the a table and together working them Jesus Christ. Amen.

REPORT ON THE SOUTH AMERICAN MISSIONS

(Continued from page 692) nearly all were in humble circumthey took part on one of our programs.

singing, and folk dancing rendered in tances, although many were tastefully They were smallstatured, but seemed

Spanish and native costume, with and somewhat stylishly dressed. Parintelligent and kindly disposed, and

some interpretations for our benefit. ticularly was this true of the girls. some day perhaps our work may be

Children participated liberally. Some They were, however, a little short on carried to their country.

of the skits and songs had been specialthe latest fashions. The long skirts

ly written, and the whole program rephad not yet reached them. TJy observation that the Latin Amerresented the expenditure of a large It was evident that many nationaliicans are predominantly from the

amount of time and effort in preparaties were represented, with a preponsouthern European stocks led me to tion. As a climax, Sister Richards was derance of the brunette people from wonder how susceptible these people

presented with beautiful flowers which Spain, Italy, and the Mediterranean are to the teachings and influence of grow in profusion in that country. On countries. There were a few of Gerthe gospel. I recalled that in more

one occasion the orchids given to her man and English extraction, but far than one hundred years we have done hung from her shoulder almost to her more from southern than from northern little or no missionary work in Spain, knee. I know the ladies will take note Europe. This group of people which Italy, Portugal, and adjacent countries.

of that. we first met were typical in their Perhaps this may be the means, in

I was given a beautifully ornamented racial composition, of the groups we South America, of some day approachcake made by some of the good sisters. met in all the missions. The stocks ing those countries. I thought I could

I am not supposed to eat cake, but I from southern Europe prevail. Spanish see in the disposition, customs, and

soon discovered that the missionaries is the national language in Argentina practices of these South Americans have good appetites without many reand Uruguay, and in Brazil, the some of the reasons which have imstrictions, and I assure you that none Portuguese. I talked with a number peded gospel work among them. They

of the cake given to me was wasted. of families in Brazil who prided themare people who have suffered many

It was in this welcoming social that selves on pure Portuguese blood. It impositions. They have not been

we were first made really to feel the so happens, however, that our work trained and nurtured in the kind of sentiment and spirit of our fellow memin both Argentina and Brazil was befreedoms which northern Europeans bers of the Church in those distant gun in the German language, among and North Americans have enjoyed, in lands. They were respectful and reveimmigrants from Germany. We still consequence of which, perhaps, they

rent almost to an embarrassing degree. have a few German groups of Saints, have become by nature suspicious and

I am not used to having my hand where German is spoken, but this pracdistrustful. American businessmen told

kissed, a custom which is a holdover tice is being discontinued. me that after many years of business

that some of the older people have It should be said here, for the indealings they were unable to build up kept, from the traditions and practices formation of the Church, that our that mutual confidence and friendship of their earlier affiliations. They were South American missions do subwith native South Americans which

warmhearted, and for the most part stantially no work among the Lamanmay be established in a few weeks or demonstrative and impulsive. It was ite people, and so far as I know, we months among our own people. The

apparent that the fellowship promoted have no Indian members of the Church buildings and homes of the people are by the Church had found a place in in these missions. I met a few Indian indicative of this distrust. Everything

their lives, and particularly among the boys who were attending school at one is walled in. Even a little home is ususisters I noted that affectionate regard of the universities in Argentina who ally surrounded by a wall six, ten,

for each other which we so frequently had come from Peru. The missiontwelve feet in height, almost unscalsee at home. It was apparent that aries had made friends with them, and able, with a locked gate and sometimes

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA broken glass on top of the wall as a class which is the backbone of our own protection against neighbors and others and other progressive countries. I saw

friends. this class that indications ought counted to be somewho may be Two new record albums for

industrial centers, growing. In some All bearing this has a on our misin Brazil, as such Paulo and Sao when see. will readily as sionary work, you S. D. every home L if it will our missionary grows, work Interaccessible. easily are notHomes

It success. of assurance have more difficult are long it takes aviews and

intelligence humility to takes unand that build to confidencetime which up receive restored gosthe derstand and is essential friendship to mutual and Smith's Story""Joseph Own pel. aristocracy lack humility, the The is Tractingunderstanding. attended of Prophet's Restoration the account The destitute the lack often and poor and difficulties, of only notwith because

A. by McKinlay Lynn in Read intelligence. the measure good gates,walls locked but and because of Station KSL Radio

are strangecustoms to and new recording. documentary A prospects promising are mostmissionaries. the daytime During men

12inch three records $4.75 Album of the all the counyouth in our Aur among at not except folk are perhaps home,

for the siesta period, when they are tries. They are forwardlooking, and

not to be disturbed. This siesta takes they are emerging from some of the dis-

a big portion out of a day. Places of trust and suspicion which has so rebusiness close from twelve to three tarded the progress of their elders. Seven Immortal Hymns

o'clock, and our missionaries are These young people have admiration O My Father greatly limited in their opportunities to for many things in America. They Abide With Me

First Smith's Joseph Prayer learn the largely us about through contacts. In sections theymake some Trials Though Deep'ning Unfortunately, shows. through in tracting evening beginning the picturewere Every I Need Thee Hour this get they not medium do always families at the of meetinghope what Lord The Shepherd is My correct best impressions of the of part I late hours. to the uswould have seem Great the How and Wisdom Love

life. It's our American North a shame success yet attendednot heard what Specially ior arranged rendered and that advertised to the have be by wethese experiments.

most effective advertising there is, for by the

In the missionary our main work infidelity, frivolity, gangsterism, is our and VALLEY""PROMISED QUARTET the of throughprosecuted medium wit. cheap These young people, how- $3.95 10inch records of three Album locallocales. rented is usually a small ever, see A automobiles, our our clothes,

local or record dealer At your book asbuilding which serves a home fine pictures, in the for our they homes and direct or from postpaid placethe missionaries and a of meetlike think of they would to have some ing in carrying forward Church activithese things. They want to learn EngRECORDING ARTS, INC.

ties for the groups who attend. One lish and our missionaries capitalize on 19 West South Temple Street

is fitted in local to serve the outroom this desire teach of and them many 1. City Salt Lake Utah modestly church equipped a littleas English. in English classes the are held

Utah customers state add sales tax 2% pulpit, small a awith organ and locales. people young come The who

benches. Owing to the housing shortin contact with our missionaries dein prevailsage South which America for velop a great admiration them—for

it veryas it has been does with us, their fine, their clean friend- ""mmim fSSmXSmSm - iJ> - ---- manhood, difficult to secure locales in good localiness and their serious work. Mutual

tions of the cities, and we have often Improvement Associations are begun, been forced to take places in poor and gradually the gospel plan unfoldslocalities. before these people, and they are given "OTHER SHEEP

It should be noted that all civilized an entirely new vision of abundant and A Saga of Ancient America life in South America centers in the big rich living with purpose and incentive, cities. There is very little agricultural even in their poverty. By Robert W. Smith

or rural life, as we know it. The vast I saw some branches of the mission The exciting adventures of a young

livestock ranches of Argentina, and the made up and carried forward entirely Nephite couple, captured by Gadianton coffee plantations of Brazil are owned by young people. Of course, there robbers and offered up as human sacriby wealthy families who live in the big are older people, too, who have proved fices to the Lamanite God of the Waters

cities and; who dominate the whole susceptible to gospel teaching, but in and their miraculous escape during the

agricultural field. The independent the main I feel that our hope lies with terrible destruction that heralded the comis operator almost unandfarm owner the youth. ing of the Savior.

is situation to material Thisknown.

desperately South America needs describes and an exciting One chapter the missionaryour counwork. no do We gospel. that nations of The of "Tlachtli"the Nephite deadly game visit missionariestry work. no restored Our

else, need, land anything than more equivalent basketball. of our investigamodern offarm so productive homes

liberty true arise the concepts of which in countries. othertors converts and notes support Copious by archeologists correct of out the understanding of a allowed, permits, are without notThey in the the help story statements and made his relationship of to and man God great enter the to ranches andeven to of of divinity the the Morprove Book fellow man. a need comprehenTheyplantations. greatest of the needs One mon. justice, sion equality. equity, of and in visited countriesapparent the we

to perfectunderstand need more is They is illustrated; in heavy book The bound greatfor landsa'division of the a far

er productivity and realization of the ly the dignity of work, and, of course, covers, lithographed in six colors; and

vast resources of the countries, and they need the enlightenment of educamakes a wonderful gift for Christmas or tion. one gave As man said who establishfor the importantly,more me other occasions. Price $1.00. "(PLUS TAX)

to of introduction business a letter of vigorous midan independent,ment dle class of landowners and workers. associates in South America: "South Sold by Deseret Book Co. or

needs America what the Mormon Mailed postpaid by South America is a land of violent to offer."Church has

beautiful the very andcontrasts—the missionaries PRESS are PYRAMID to trying hard Our the the very richvery ugly; very and

609 City 2, Utah S. 2nd East Salt Lake things to these give the people who so intellectual sophistipoor; the very and

is sorely them. conTheir need work ignorant.cated, 10th the very of and Edition Of THE CUDDY

It at great expense. costs ducted more and differ reLASTcourse, DAYS OTHER countries in these (Si MlAluI [New,l for $3.25. both SHEEP, in dollars one than transporthousandspects, there but is coneverywhere

spicuously lacking that strong middle (Concluded on page 768)

NOVEMBER 1948 767 REPORT ON THE SOUTH AMERICAN MISSIONS

( Concluded from page 767 ) some rather interesting aspects of these word of our Lord to all lands and peotation alone to put a missionary in one baptismal services, but it does not. ples.

all, is this the great encourageAfter bring missions these home. him of and

I the gratitude to acknowledge my realizamissionaries. to our ment The high, in costs are very Living even

in the First to extending Presidency me that tion they of knowing have may sells at money, a which American visit, this and of making opportunity of bringing the peace been means is difficult, parlanguage premium. The

I the innumerable also acknowledge to the of heart peace peace and mind ticularly the Portuguese, and many to courtesies kindnesses and shown my children of of soul one God's and some pass missionary before can months a presimission the wife and by me himself to the seek has humbled who the himself express before adequately missionaries, the their wives, dents and I truth. to able not say how many am they, missionpeople. our However, friends the of Saints, South and and in will to respond the South America spirit, aries, a carry the with and them

It unformissions. an was I spirit bear, but message and we am American truth which, of impertestimony even

If to gettable experience. any good fulfilling duty, are sure doing our we in fectly the the expressed language of

I shall love, the cause, which noble carry divine the command, when we hearts the people, touches of many who it, I grateful. shall very of be come them. hear

I pray that the Lord may bless our

Tow I found in all the missions a missionaries in all lands and the Saints great enthusiasm among the misTHANKS TO THE PIONEERS who are scattered over the earth. I

sionaries for their work. They have trust that they may all feel as we tried

developed a love for the people, which By Bertha S. Stevenson to make them feel in South America,

lies all the at of missionary base good all of in the are Church one that we faith, blessing of the thank you, we "Dor labors, they, direction the under and that Christ, be even though may we true; mothers fathers and * Our presidents, of their mission organare out separated, reach can widely we this the of blossomfoundation rock 'Twas izing planning condito the meet exthe the lands oceans over and and ing West tions. also faithful very have some fellowship and the handclasp of tend andWe this gift did us imbue. with You,

Saints who are great aids in progood brotherhood to our members moting our work. I saw some very For virtue we thank you, dear fathers; throughout the globe. I think this was

good work being carried forward by You passed down to us the pure thought, the message which they, in the southsmall branches of the missions—SunThe great cornerstone of Christ's latterday ern hemisphere, appreciated more than

work, litSchools Primaries day and where to other. assured be wanted any They

Shall tle children priestare being taught; be virtue, the word that you brought. that with with us and one they were we

classes where hood and boys men will them. come, The day my brothers faith the desert. you conquered are Through learning their duties; Relief Societies the cause mighty and sisters, when virtue, the kept. garden have By

forcarrying are and welfare workers the to honor with be have which strength bulwark, your and we your They, ward commendable projects. Genershall also be ours. associated, will bring to pass that unity

ally, the groups were small and largeMay we honor the pattern you set. in a divided and stricken world. God

ly dependent upon the missionaries, but grant it may come soon, I humbly pray, of the Lord gave arm you The there promise in them. was Perhaps strength, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

evil beset; Strength to brave when I stimulating of the most any exercises

spirit of within hope The was you alway, the ceremonies. baptismal weresaw

yet. virtue, Faith, remain and hope privilege the present of beingWe had

at two, one in Argentina and one in the You were honest, dear fathers and mothers, interior of Brazil. Nothing is more enHonest to God and to men.

couraging to missionaries and to memYou were truthful, industrious, and happy, bers of the Church than to see the When others most sad would have been.

fruits of their labors and the happiness which comes to those who ally themThese virtues your children have been givenselves with the of the Lord. work great lights, unto God, them make In To service, sixeach to ten baptized were thrice blessings, priceless these For we

into the Church. thank you.

If time permitted, I would tell you May we keep in the path that you trod.

THE WORLD'S GREATEST NEED

(Continued from page 690) pose of God whose purpose is the... If thou be the Son of God, comChurch and kingdom anew upon the saving of the souls of men. mand this stone that it be made bread.

earth, as described by Daniel the When Adam and Eve were placed (Luke 4:3.)

his in interpretationprophet of the in the of Eden, straightway Garden respect boy, the what was Joseph Tn of Kingdream Nebuchadnezzar. * tempting Satan the them, with came different Smith, fourother from so

that evidence important Joseph's As intent. evil the personal same After his that teenyear-old of time boys

is true,story kneeled he when down visitation his to of servant Moses, God his destruction; should Satan seek andto evil pray, seized he upon an by was first in as the chapter of recorded the in connection mention with him why his tongue, that which so boundpower of Moses, tempting Book Satan came as Eve, Moses, and and Jesus Adam could not speak.he attack Such an him, saying: objects see attack? us Satan's of Let

well exmight Satan have beenby if find in the the explanation can wepected.... of Moses, son man, worship me following scripture:

If his story his included not 1:12) (Moses exhad

perience that with at the evil power, the unto me, Lord had shown Now presumption a of which only Satan itpsychological moment, have would intelligences that orAbraham, the were could be capable. its truth. of evidencelacked vital ganized the before world was; and among

Satan, who is the enemy of God and When the Savior had fasted forty all these were many of the noble and of man, has from the beginning thus days and nights and was an hungred, great ones;

operated in an effort to defeat the purSatan came tempting him, saying: And God saw these souls that they

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make my

rulers; for he stood among those that

were spirits, and he saw that they weregood; and he said unto me: Abraham, Take The First Step

thou art one of them; thou wast chosen

before 23.) thou wast born. (Abraham 3:22In The Right Direction

Joseph Smith was also one of those noble spirits chosen before he was Intensive, practical business training born. Had any number of boys fourteen years of age, other than Joseph is the first step toward a successful

Smith, gone into the woods to pray for business or civil service career. The

light and spiritual guidance, not one of them would have had the vision given L.D.S. Business College offers day and

to the boy Joseph. He was chosen and evening classes in shorthand, typing,

ordained for the special work of restoration, and this vision of the Father accounting and other business suband the Son was the first step in his jects that will help prepare you for life's ministry. No doubt Satan knew

of Joseph's calling, and that if he did the career of your choice.

not succeed in destroying him at this time, he would not be able to do so Inquiries welcomed anytime.

thereafter; hence the vigorous assault

made upon the boy's life.

Again, by the testimony of the elevenliving witnesses to the Book of Mor- L.D.S. Business College

mon, the truth of Joseph's story is 70 North Main TeL 3-2765 Salt Lake City established, for had his story been untrue, he would have been a great impostor and as such, God would not have used him in bringing forth the

Book of Mormon, which contains a fulness of the gospel, as taught by

Jesus Christ to the ancient inhabitants of this American continent, which fact tfet/i //ub new, wictleb/lufikiced is logically established by eleven living witnesses. The need of this new revelation of WurliIzer Organ

God today, as in 1 820, is apparent from Thrill to the traditional quality statements such as follows; and rich variety of its glorious

In a radio address Elder Thomas organ voices. Ideally suited to

C. Romney related a conversation small church auditoriums, chapels

with a professor in a great educational and homes.

institution in which the professor said Easy to play... quality construction

to Elder Romney;...spinetsized, with separate tone

Your conception of God, to me, is most cabinet.

absurd. I cannot conceive of a group of

people who claim to keep abreast of the times in science, art, and religion, still See or Write to clinging to the antiquated doctrine that MR. SELDON N. HEAPS the form of a man.God is in WurliIzer

ORGAN 15 of Shorter Catechism, a ILICTRONIC On page

Ssrie* 10, Single Manual SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. of Presbyterian thetextbook Church,

is found the following: Convenient Terms 17 W. 1st So. Salt Lake City

We must be content to call Father, Son, and Holy Ghost persons; but while we

do so, we must always remember that they are utterly unlike any personalities we have ever known. In modern philosophical usage, the term person means a

separate rational individual. and distinct DR. B. KEDDINGTON JOHN TTH4NKtf{l/ING!

But the personality is not a numerof God -Educational Psychology M.S.

ical trinity essential of or beings, three of Philosophy Doctor—Music Mtr POP

like Isaac, Abraham, and Jacob. of Piano Teacher and Organ JOILY TIME M Instruction Private Class and IT NEVER FAILS j /9 reference the showing Another need 5-7728 Piano School Mozart Phone ASK GROCER YOUR

- 3-8695 Residence ""[I isfor the revelation a from new God following The Bishop of Liverpool performed the consecration ceremony at Holy Trinity L D. S. HEADQUARTERS"

Church, Southport, yesterday, October 11, IN PHOENIX THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

1911. In his sermon he said one of the

great needs Christian of the Church was A GIFT FOR CHRISTMAS silver Religionpower. today was wearing MOTOR HOTEL

slippers in and places, high moving and think ventured to thereyet he was a f 300 WEST VAN BUREN and for ALL THE YEAR strange want of power about the Church SWIMMING POOL FOR GUESTS 12 Issues $2.50

{Concluded on page 770) RESERVATIONS NECESSARY FOR WINTER

NOVEMBER 1948 769 THE WORLD'S GREATEST NEED A Flea Tor Retter Environment

(Concluded from page 769) After sixty years of public life, I hold (Concluded from page 687) of God, not only in their church, but more strongly than ever to the conviction, the weaknesses of addicts to gambling, strengthened deepened long exand by... other branch. everyabout was What pitiable outcasts. the courtesan and

perience, reality, the of the nearness, andthe of the causestrange paralysis that is rational philosophy a gospel The the personality and of God. befallen the that church? believedhad He that happiness to get teaches men howthe church rediscovery today a needed

life, in this life to the exaltation in and in his Beecher, Henryof book believed he Ward God; the church was weak

today because God was so distant, so entitled, Lectures on Preaching, page come.

unreal, so dimly seen. Today they saw 129, says: The mission of the Church is to esthe results of that dim vision of the distant tablish the kingdom of God upon the

God. I am compelled to say that I must form earth, which, in the words of Thomas

an ideal of God, through his Son Jesus Nixon Carver, is not a mystical but a

The first article of religion in the Christ. Christ is indispensable to me. My real kingdom. It is a body of people

of to nature the fashion Prayer of reads needs England thoughtChurch book ideals of productivity, dominated by

I spirit, to be though a him God, know follows:as is service. not mutual which do We into will that reor something nearly

satisfy things strive for the but which

I I motely represent that which know. living true There is one everand God, leave then for the and a bad moment glorified hold before form, eyes alasting, my without parts, passions; body, orof infinite wisdom, power, and goodness; therefore, but after all this glory, whattaste. We strive for the things which

the maker and preserver of all things, ever may be the nimbus and the effulbuild us up, and enable us and our visible and invisible, and in the unity of gence round about it, it is to me a glorichildren to be strong, to flourish, and this godhead, there are three personages fied form of a glorified man. to conquer. We strive to make ourof one substance, power, and eternity, the selves worthy to receive the world by

Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The first Article of Faith of the fitting ourselves to use the world more

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday productively than others. We believe

HpHERE are some men of considerable Saints reads as follows: that obedience to God means obedience

eminence who are not bound by to the laws of nature, which are but in believe Father, Eternal God, the Wereligious creeds, are in their frank his will; who and manifestations of

Christ, in in the the Jesus his Son, and andprofessions in of belief personality the to acquire study by painstaking we try Ghost. Holy

of God, and their views should be the most complete and exact knowledge weighed in this connection as in opWhat we believe concerning these of that will, in order that we may conposition to the views of those who do members of the Godhead is set forth form ourselves to it.

not believe in a personal God. For in the Doctrine and Covenants, section that reverence for God is We believeexample: is laws, for 'these 130:22, that meekness respect as follows:

In a discourse by President Brigham teachableness and willingness to learn by experience. observation and flesh By practicing of has Father and body a The Roberts, in this deliveredH. Tabernacle teachableness, this or kind of meekness, tangible also; the as as bones man's; Son

statement he quotesMarch 15, 19H, a shall inherit that believe the not but has we Ghost of we a Holy bodymade by William H. Gladstone, a flesh and bones, but is a personage or whereas the unmeek, the unteachable,the earth;the

great English statesman, and at one Spirit.... pigheaded, who are dominated by pride of

time prime minister of Great Britain, tradition, shall not. We offer you hard

in response to the question put to him These latter quotations and interwork, frugal fare, severe discipline, but a in of the the conquest world for the share pretations are in complete harmony he regardedas to what as the world's life. religion of productive the with the Smith'sgreatest vision and need; Joseph to that with and his answer

question in substance was that the teachings of the Bible, both the Old God help us to discharge our responworld's greatest need was to hold more and the New Testament, and cannot sibilities to our youth by making an firmly to the conception of God as a be successfully controverted. They are environment in home, in school, in

personality, to whom man was actruths which all men must accept who church, and in our communities that countable for his deeds. Said he: would be saved in the kingdom of will be uplifting, wholesome, faithin-

God; and to which I bear testimony, in spiring, I pray, in the name of Jesus

I mean a living faith in a personal God. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Christ. Amen.

m

WHAT THE EORD HAS DONE (Closing Address)

(Continued from page 683) tongue."we would have a world without any

Tt has been my privilege to travel in The Lord does bless us, and I am hope of eternal life in the celestial many parts of the world. I, too, was glad to have Elder Cowley call atkingdom. The people of the world

down in New Zealand where Elder tention to the fact that many of our wouldn't even know what it means.

Cowley filled his first mission, and I missionaries need to acquire the lan- I don't say that disparagingly, but I witnessed the affection those people guages of the natives in the countries am trying to say it so we will aphave for him. I remember one experiwhere they are called to labor. The preciate the blessings that the Lord

ence. Elder Cowley had not been native people prefer to hear the gospel has given to us. We not only have

there for twenty years, and yet the in their own tongue. I hope we will the Holy Bible, that great volume of

first meeting that we attended at their not neglect our opportunities to bescripture that the Lord has preserved huitau, he talked fluently to the people come proficient in speaking the lanall these centuries and handed down in their own language. There was guages of the peoples among whom we from generation to generation so that

present an educated Irishman who was do missionary work. I hope we will his children could know about him

the secretary of the Princess Tepueeta. give the Lord a chance to help us and his desires for us, but we also have

When the meeting was over, he took learn to speak the tongue of the peothese other great books. And yet the

me off to one side and said: ple to whom we have been sent as larger proportion of the population of

"How do you account for this? That servants of the living God. this world do not now know the conman hasn't been down here for all If you were to take from the world tents of the Bible. Most of those who

these years. I've been here for three today the membership of the Church have read it and are familiar more or

years trying to learn this language, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, less with its text do not know after and he stands there and talks better and the Book of Mormon and the Docall these years how to interpret it.

than the natives talk in their own trine and Covenants were wiped out, The Lord has given to us the power 770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to interpret it. He gave to the ProphiiimiiiriiimimimiiiiiuiimimiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiLiiimiiiiiiiiiitiiiiimiiiiJiiiiiiiLiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilliililllilllilillllllimmilllllllllllllllllllllimiiimiiiiiiiiiiimiiim

et Joseph Smith the privilege of retranslating it, if I may use that term.

I hold in my hand the American volume of scripture called the Book of MorCHRISTMAS GIVING mon, containing approximately five hunWedred havepages alltranslatedthat thefromworldgoldhas,plates.the -A GRACEFUL WAY... Swsl BOOKS!

scripture that came from the old world, of scripture thebut the have we new CHILDRENFOR FOR YOUTH—

is of theworld which Book Mormon $1.00 BETSY BUTTONS FAITHPROMOTING in that; to then, addition,added and illustrated pioBeautifully $1.25 STORIES in I hold of another hand apbook my

for little girls. doll story neer True stories of adventure, threeproximately conpages hundred

taining the revelations of our Heavenly BEN, THE WAGON BOY....$1.50 achievement and faith.

Father given in these latterdays. We Real pioneer boy story

$1.25 PIONEER STORIESalso the Pearl have Price of Great PICTURE BOOK OF MYcontaining other information the that 40 stories of pioneer faith. $2.50 SONGS it has revealed in includingLord the

Book of Abraham translated from Big, gorgeous, delightful, INSPIRATIONAL TALKS $1.25

papyri found buried with mummies in gay, colorful, liberally il232 short talks on faith and the catacombs of Egypt, and the Book lustrated story book with character building themes.

of Moses, revealed by the power of music. Enjoyed by thouGod to the Prophet Joseph Smith. sands of happy children. SCOUTING FOR THE MORalso constitutesThis part of the scripMONS ON THE GREAT $2.00 TO TELLture possess. latter scripSTORY These we.....$2.00 FRONTIER 138 short, characterbuild- assisttures to the reader understand

the Holy Bible. There is the greatest ing stories, expertly selectGay, colorful, adventures

library to be found in all the world. ed. Best story book value of a famous scout for BrigThere isn't anything else like it. What of the year. ham Young.

does it contain? It contains what your

Father and mine has thought of enough FOR ADULTSimportance to preserve and give to the children of men and make accesPROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM TRUTH AND THE MASTER'S sible in many languages of the world. By James L. Barker $2.00 TOUCH $2.00

scriptures allThese are important and Historical for the Fascinating reasons a story of how should be understood the Latterby Restoration himof the Church young man converted I Saints.day not to going am ask you

self. and the Gospel.to hold up your to hands ascertain

how many here assembled have everread these books, but I desire to call DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH attentionyour to the fact that these Vol. 2 $1.75 Study Guide 35c are precious truths, they and contain

the revealed of the word printed Lord SKEPTIC DISCOVERS JOSEPH A SMITH. AN AMERIand published to the world for the $1.50 $3.00 MORMONISM CAN PROPHETpurpose his of preparing children for

a place in the celestial kingdom. That By Timberline Riggs By John Henry Evans

is why I say they are so valuable. A critical man seeks a way Inspirational, convincing

Other books contain copies, extracts, of life and finds it in abundfor Mormons and nonMor- from some of these books, but these ance. mons alike. are the originals as far as the is Lord

concerned, and he has given them to Upon request -we shall gladly send our book list with hundreds of other suggestions.

us. How thankful we ought to be

that we live in a day and age whenwe can read his advice and counsel DESERElOfficial publishers forBOOHChurch of Jesus Christ ofCOMPANYLatterday Saints.

and have things explained that otherwise might be obscure and uncertain 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah to us.

I am not concerned whether or not iiimiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiimiiiiiimii! i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiniiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

you have the books of the great liNOVEMBER ADVERTISER'S INDEX braries the of world in your home,

Popcorn proAmerican Company 769 Hotel Utah 753 vided do you have these books. Think Beneficial Life Insurance Hunter, Back cover Company 775 Milton R the of millions of volumes that there Paint.765 Bennett Glass and Company... 737 Instruct-O-Tones

are in our own Congressional Library Bookcraft Company 734, 735 Keddington, John 769 at Washington, in the British Library, Brigham Young University 759 Kolob Corporation 748 and in the libraries of other countries, Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad 755 L.D.S. Business College 769

Clabber Lankershim Hotel millions Girl Baking Powder 772 726 of vet all that volumes—and

Connsonata 755 747 Lignell & Gill revealed God has and published to the

Oil Printing Magazine Company 729 Company 755 children of is that men necessary 765 Marler, to ContintentalCook, Ezra 754 A. L prepare for a in them place the celestial Coffee Covey's Marsh, Shop 755 763 Joe B

is kingdom contained within the covers Music Daynes Miller Honey 753 Company Company of these sacred books. How many of us Denver & Rio Grande Railroad 677 Morning Milk 772726

know what they contain? I frequently Deseret Book Company 676,..771 Mountain Fuel Supply Company Inside front cover

go into homes where I see all the latest Deseret News Press 763 National Bible Press 773 magazines. I find the books that are El Rancho Motor Court 769 Newhouse Hotel 757

Fels 748 Lines Overland Greyhound 727 Company & advertised as sellers best the on.. Purity Biscuit Petroleum General 673 Corp. (Tavern) 728 Company bookshelves. If you to were throw Press 767 Glade 751 Pyramid Candy Company them retain and all away only these School Bros. Music 761 Quish Beauty Glen 757 Company

(Continued on page 772) Hall 's Remedy.. 765 (Concluded on page 775)

NOVEMBER 1948 771 WHAT THE LORD HAS DONE (Closing Address)

(Continued from page 771) give all that I possess to have the assacred scriptures, you wouldn't lose surance that you have of eternal life."

what the Lord has caused to be writ- I said, "My brother, you don't have to ten and made available for us all to give all that you possess to have that enjoy. So, brethren and sisters, assurance. All you have to do is to

among our other blessings let us not search the scriptures prayerfully. Go

forget that the Lord has made it poswhere they may be explained to you.

sible for us to have, enjoy, and underSeek the truth, and the beauty of the stand the scriptures and to have his truth will appeal to you, and perhaps word that has been given down without much of an effort on your part, through the ages for the salvation of and I am sure without giving away all his children. your property, you can know as I

Our missionaries are out in the know that God lives, that Jesus is the world today trying to explain these Christ, that Joseph Smith is a prophet things to the learned and other men of the Living God, and that we are liv- a/Mruua of the world, and there are many ing eternal lives."

learned men who have access to all Don't let your children grow up the principles teaching them in without believe of these do not books whoORANGE BLOSSOM HONEY Christ. Don't of the gospel of Jesus that God, know do not we are who Fresh, new crop... crystal clear,

fragrant with the delicate sweetness living eternal lives, but have an idea wait to send them into the mission of a million blossoms... the world's that when we die that is the end of field to learn what the gospel means.

finest honey! everything. Yet in the comparatively I remember when I was in the South

fiftyfive ago, sixty years or a man the as organization small known in Packed beautiful, high glaze said, family large a from of Christ Latterday came of Jesus who Church characteristic "Utah ceBeehive"I don't say. to "I of what Saints, don't there thousands are know men

. ramic. ovenproof jar. wonderful tell people."these children to what and some and know who women for reuse as a pot, or, refill bean said, brethren the of children of that the are our one "Why,"know we with honey, jam, candy, nuts or get Bible. that are and the here Father, "teach Heavenly them Go we

small cookies. lives, Genesis."eternal that the living read Bible and He and your now

Delightful for holiday gifts. Mail gospel, the power of God unto salvasaid, "I don't know where Genesis is

directly to your friends. tion to all those who will believe and in the Bible,"and yet he had gone

SPECIAL OFFER! Full Pound of Milobey, is on the earth. from a Latterday Saint community,

ler's pure orange blossom honey and from a Latterday Saint home to and "Beehive"ceramic jar. Curely we ought to be grateful for carry the message of life and salvation

in South. the people sisters, to those Howblessings. Brethren and our

after that ever, long not very find it was this can library where you ONLY $2<>o shippedanywherepostpaidin U.S. keep

it, and where your children will find until his mind was changed. He had

NO COD'S PLEASE. ORDER FROM: it, and then have enough interest in received a testimony of the truth

WOODROW MILLER HONEY CO. the eternal salvation of those boys and through study and prayer, and he knew

P.O. Box 504, Colron, California girls that are in your home that you that the gospel was here, and he was

will find ways and means to interest able to stand on his feet and freely them in what these books contain that bear testimony that the gospel of Jesus they may know how precious they are Christ is the truth.

in the sight of their Heavenly Father. Now, fathers and mothers, appreci- /htUun!7HU(e We have been taught during this ate your children. Don't turn them

conference, among other things, the over to somebody else to train and

SAYS importanceing a blessingof familyupon theprayers,food, ofof askthe life.educateThatin regardis yourtoprivilege,matters ofandeternalit is

to them pray and a privilege. Teach of eternal sacredness importance and industries told that primary Utah's "I'm the uprightly before Lord, and the walk been taught have that those are produce Utah more than wedlock. We

use. the excess so people of can in time then need they go to him, desirability of honoring and

to to necessity in dollars bring where iswesoldneedelseIt their will prayers. answer and he holy, the Sabbath to keep it and day I'm produce. things don't buy we

mighty primary proudindustry—miningto belong toI"Utah's biggest soandI counselmight gothaton thethroughLord thehas advicegiven. willhappinessbe astonishingthat will tocomeyou intothe greatyour

Today we are seated in a house that home that you theretofore have not the Lord provided for us that we might enjoyed, if you will follow this councome together and consider all these sel.

blessings under the influence of his spirit. I fear sometimes that we pay HPhe gospel of Jesus Christ is the

little attention to the seriousness of this power of God unto salvation in the life, and that we take it too much for celestial kingdom to all those who will granted until it is too late. I remembelieve and obey it. There are some

er being on a train one day with a who seem to have the idea that if they man who was born and reared in the believe it and their names are on the

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION Church. We were returning from records that is sufficient, but that isn't

California, and I made myself known sufficient. Don't let them go on in that

to him. As we visited, I talked to him blind thoughtlessness. Reach out after

about the gospel of Jesus Christ. He those who are in the Church and those

HOTEL LANKERSHIM told me that his people were members who are out of it, and seek in every 7th & BROADWAY of the Church, but he didn't understand way to share the blessings of the gosMODERATEHeadquarters RATESin Los Anaeles anything about it. And he said as pel of our Lord with them, his children. L. D. S.

FRANK RAY H.R. BECKETT.WISHON. ManaoerOperator pel,we discussed"These thingsthe principlesinterest ofme."the gosWe ThatFreelyis wewhathavewe received,are expectedand tofreelydo.

LOS ANGELES visited quite a long time, and when we we should give. When we return to

'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE finished, that good man, I believe he our various places of abode, let our was a good man, said to me, "I would homes from now on be sanctified by 772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA prayer and with gratitude and thanksgiving, so that those who come there might feel the influence and the Spirit of the Lord and be prepared to bear testimony of the truth of the gospel of our Lord.

This is our Father's Church. He

gave it its name. Only today a good

sister handed me a paper, something that she herself had prepared. Among

the things that were written there washer testimony of the true name of this the Book

Church, the Church of Jesus Christ.

She wanted to know why we don'tpay attention to what the Lord has the World Loves Best itssaid about name. sometimes WMmB. We ill!

call ourselves not members Mormons, pfj*|:;i;PJ:SSill till H t|t! MfM StBtl

fffirn Christ,of the of Jesus Church and she to she IB ill!!:p why.wanted know "Why,"

it justsays, "the has Lord made ': as mi his asplain can should be what Church

be called. He called it by the name:['.-,of his Son, Jesus Christ."In another

place he said that if it was the church of some other man it would bear his name, the name of the other man. She

it out in herwrote own thoughtful, simple way. so, brethren And hfttfO II and sis-:\:.y: '.y: i&Ky

ters, when you go away from here, Miff you may be associating with various denominations of the world, but remember that there is only one Church in all the world that by divine command bears the name of Jesus Christ, our sure our we will show Lord. I am bible press appreciation of that great and wonderRational

ful name by respecting it, and not be Publishers of Quality Bibles Since 1863 -At Your Bookstore found calling ourselves Mormons as the world nicknames us. The name

Mormon to many people in the world means anything but the gospel of Jesus

Christ. In fact they do not know

what it means. I congratulate you as

members of the Church, that you belong to the Church of Jesus Christ; ese

live in the age when his Church has Complete been organized and has been given his name. If we are faithful and deto voted the lives, end of our when we

the side, other go to will find we we i5ankina shall not belong to some other Church such as the Church of St. John or St.

Peter or St. Paul or Mormon, or that

of any of the Apostles or great men who have lived upon the earth, but we will find that we belong to the COMMERCIAL AND SAVChurch of the Son of God, Jesus INGS ACCOUNTS.

Christ, our Lord. Let us remember

that, and let us respect it, brethren DEPARTMENT—and sisters, and not be careless about TRUST

Acting as Administrator, these amazing mormons! it.

Executor, Guardian, and in conclusion, I pray that Thirtyfive thousand copies of Iow, the Trustee.

- blessings of our Heavenly this Father amazing book already have lives, in in be our hearts, our may their all to parts the of way DEPARTMENT. ABSTRACT

in that our homes, and each of us folks by have who madeworld—sent here from with go a may derenewed BOXES. DEPOSIT SAFETY this found excellent to an way

termination will that be of worthy we explain Latterday Saints to their All ground departments on great that the has honor to us come friends families. and Order your floor. this of of being great members organization, grateful for all of our blesscopies now. Postpaid, $1.00. Disings, and for this wonderful house we count of 25% to full time missionworship in, this great choir that sings SAVINGS & aries.

for us so and sung has for years many CO. TRUST UTAH the world, grateful and privifor the

Street 235 South Main weston publishing co. of lege associating together in our Federal Reserve System Member

wards and branches in the Church Member Federal Deposit P. O. Box 626

under the influence of the spirit of the Insurance Corporation Salt Lake City, Utah Lord.

(Concluded on page 774) NOVEMBER 1948 773 WHAT THE LORD HAS DONE (Closing Address) (Concluded from page 773) It will cause us, if we are living as we the priesthood I bless you, my brethren

I pray that the love of the gospel should, to love our neighbors as ourand sisters, that the power of the Lord of our Lord will burn in our souls and selves, and go out of our way, if posmay be and go with you, and that his enrich our lives, that it will cause hussible, to help them understand better peace and his love may abide with bands to be kinder to wives, and wives the purpose of life. These are some you, and that you will so live that you

to be kinder to husbands, parents to of our privileges. will be worthy of these blessings as

children, and children to parents beNow, I pray that the blessings of long as you live upon the earth, and cause of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Lord may be with you, and as far I do it in the name of Jesus Christ, our which is a gospel of love and kindness. as I have power and the authority of Lord. Amen.

WHAT THE LORD HAS DONE (Opening Address) (Concluded from page 683) There isn't anything that enriches that I saw here yesterday, all our sisof Jesus Christ to people who believe our lives like an understanding of the ters, and now this morning there is a that they already have it, and yet when purposes of life and the ability to live great mixed audience apparently mostthey compare what the Lord has rethe gospel of Jesus Christ. All happily men. Yet we are only a small porvealed in this latterday in addition ness worthy of the name comes to us tion of the Church of Jesus Christ of

to what they already have, they diswhen we observe the teachings of our Latterday Saints that has become cover that it took the revelations of Lord and live to be worthy to be his identified with the Church of the Lamb the Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith sons and daughters. of God since the year 1830. It is

in our day to make the Bible, the Old Since coming into this building this marvelous, my brothers and sisters, whatand the Lord has done—and he has the New Testaments, plain to these morning I have asked many how done it.people. this strangers there onto come are who

block each year. Last year I had supyears ago a goodT remember many the greatest posed was year we have Y\Te*"duringwill havethe daysthe pleasureto followtodayof hearand I in California, when I was down coming because of the number ever had

met a man who was a great geologist, here during our celebration, but I uning quite a number of those who devote whose name was Robert Hill. While derstand that this year up to today their time to teaching the gospel of

being employed in research in Mexico 840,662 of the children of our HeavenJesus Christ. We have people here

and Central America by the Smithsonly Father, your brothers and sisters and from nearly all parts of the Church ian Institute or National Museum, a mine, have come here onto this block throughout the world. Many have come

Book of Mormon fell into his hands, to see and learn what the Lord has a long way, not to hear men speak, but and he read it. He was working under done. I think it is marvelous, and so to feel the inspiration of the Almighty

the direction of the department at this morning as I stand here in your as it flows to those who are called to

Washington, where they collect all of presence, I am grateful that I belong to address us, play for us, and sing for the curiosities from the various secthe same organization that you belong us in this wonderful house of the Lord.

tions of the country. He was there as to, grateful that all the good things I know that God lives. I know that

a government employee. The National that the world enjoys, all that is true Jesus is the Christ. And I am thankful

Museum, I presume, is where much of and wholesome and uplifting and eduto know that we are all brothers and allthe material may be found. cational may be enjoyed by the memsisters—thankful that he gives us

lives to adjust opportunities our so this without having of bership Church the read he of Mormon, Book When is mortality here that complete when thing. give to one up for leave of absence. asked ahe He is will that and our done work we inquired Salt to City and Icame Lake people said have to many his in the presence enjoy when dwell and

indicate would isfor somebody who there to they asked have me, "What forof those love companionship we of the of the source Morhim Book this that organization belong about you feel that ever. that us Shouldn't make

explains said, for "This book hemon, is it are to? that conso you What abiding place the our must homes be

scientists are unthe that thingssome that about, miscerned send your you Spirit of the the Shouldn't of Lord?

E. toable Dr. harmonize."James all sionaries the world?"over feel, I that of us each where make we

inin him and took handTalmage replied sometimes, have want "We the to advised us has Lord what know the of to the source as himformed all to happy. want you be you it We is for do, the that best us and

it reof been hadBook rejoice. Mormon, how rejoice all to After as we I will to us he wants do? what do we

the herevealed, people had come how will record, our to awhile have meet we happiest to that the people say want direction of the ourunder Heavenly I if faithful, sure been have and am we all in the are those world obey who this built country. BeandFather up all will in the us of world Father the the Father. counsel of our Heavenly

is left, said, Hillfore he "This Robert bringing for bless us us so thank and I spirit his continue that pray may

I for,"he looking been have andwhat his daughters to sons an of and many I us. that with pray have when we of baptized a and became member lifewas of the purpose understanding of finished this conference, go may we

LatterChrist of ofthe it Jesus Church influence to the enjoy under and how feeling that waited have upon away we to Saints. returned Mexico,day his spirit."of He vain. in not Father and Heavenly

I in Angeles. later Los himand saw is It this will live sharing return to to glorious our in part of homes, Weour effect the I asked what himWhen is I it those here glorious with enjoyed the might have what world. say we

life, his of had onBook Mormon families live this to not to in notable our the to come, of world and age

Smith, Brother said,he "Why, distress determination that withstanding with the a renewed and sorrow we

Bible it the understand to enabled me will exist. the that keep commandments have and uncertainty of God We it before."understood as never I have will so adjust ourselves that that and received our Heavenan assurance we

There have been distributed hunly Father is mindful of us if we will be that our homes will be the abiding place dreds of thousands of tracts and books faithful. We have no promise that he of his spirit that will guide us into all

teaching the gospel of Jesus Christ, the will care for us on any other terms, truth. That the Lord may add his blessexpense for which has been paid by the but he has said that if we will honor ings and his peace be with us, as we

Church and its members in order that him and keep his commandments, he go through this conference, I humbly other people might enjoy what we enwill watch over us and protect and pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

joy. bless us. I think of that lovely audience Amen.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

Vkls Wlontli Will A NEW BOOK AND FOUR CLASSICSCHURCH PUBLICATIONS by DR. MILTON R. HUNTER

Of the First Council of the Seventy

The Instructor..

PRICE PEARL $3.00 GREAT OF COMMENTARY

contribution literature, to Church much needed "pROM the cover picture of Elizabeth A explaining every point of doctrine in the Pearl of Great

Snow Ivins, wife of President Price.

Anthony W. Ivins, with its accomBRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER..$3.00

life for sketch,panying Instructor The of In the words Riegal Dr. Robert of Dartmouth College: "Every

is School a gem for SundayNovember student of the or of the will find West Mormons the volume folk. The commonsense editorial by dispensable to his understanding of an unusual and importantinGeneral Superintendent Milton Benphase of American history."

nion is entitled "Health for Happiness and Efficiency."Much of the instalTHE GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES....$2.25

ment of C. Frank Steele's "Latterday An excellent book for use of teachers, students, and missionaries.

in Saint Settlement is devoted Canada"$2.25

to the ministry of Edward J. Wood, reUTAHInteresting,INDIANexciting, hairraising,STORIEStrue Indian stories which

cently retired president of the temple curred in pioneer days. A book for every home library. ocat Cardston.

"Conviction and Tolerance"are disUTAH—THE STORY OF HER PEOPLE

cussed by Lowell L. Bennion as he A CENTENNIAL HISTORY OF UTAH $2.75

breaks down his monthly feature "The A fascinating story of a great people, vividly told in an indispensable book for every home library in tbe Intelmountain West.Book of Mormon—a Guide to Religious Living."Thomas C. Romney in

his regular feature discusses missionary work in Mexico.

The plans for the 1949 Sunday School conventions are brought to light in this issue, as the theme of those conventions is announced as "Making the Gospel Effective in the Lives of

Latterday Saints Through an Improved Religious Environment."

The Relief Society Magazine..

'"Pwo of the many unusually good

A talks given at the Relief Society conference are reprinted in the November Relief Society Magazine. The

first is by President Belle S. Spafford

and is titled "Joy in Full Measure."

The second is by First Counselor

Marianne C. Sharp and is, "And What

of the Promise?"A good Thanksgiving story, "Seasoning,"was written

by Margery Stewart. The serial,

"Questing Lights"by Belle Watson Purchase these books atAnderson continues in this issue, and another story, "Then and Now"waswritten by Sadie Ollerton Clark. In BOOKCRAFT DESERET BOOK COMPANY

addition some good household articles, 1188 South Main Street 44 East South Temple the building news, poetry, and the Salt Lake City 4, Utah Salt Lake City 10, Utah regular lessons appear for January in Mail orders promptly filled.—or purchase them at your home bookstore. this magazine. frontispiece, writThe

ten by Christie Lund Coles, "November Moon,"rounds out this issue.

Be Sure To Read The Children's Friend.. "Baptism For The Dead In Ancient Times"

'T'he November issue of The ChilBy Dr. Hugh Nibley

dren's Friend includes many stories Beginning In December THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and poems, as well as pictures to color 12 Issues..$2.50

and other special features for parents and children. Some of the Thanksgiving features include: "Day of NOVEMBER ADVERTISER'S INDEX

HelenThanks"by Prommel, Howland

Pacific Railroad Union 741 771) page from (Concluded"Thanksgiving's Almost Here"by Association Utah 772 Mining 767 Arts Recording for Cheney, andRowena some poems Refining Oil Utah 750 Company 749 Timberline Riggs,Thanksgiving. "Let's Listen Light the to Utah Power 761 Company &

..747 Company Music Rogerson's

Utah Trust Savings Bank 773 6 isRadio"C. Claude a by Lemmon 754 Company Baking Royal Sea Food Van Company 678 Campfeature that should to prove 759 Salt Costume Lake Company Voit Corporation Rubber J. 745 W. folk theiryoung and 675 Pacific parents—asvaluable Railroad Southern Trust Bank Walker Company G 743should fact, to "Something In Cook."- 739 Stewart, Pate Ora Ziegler Inside Wesley cover back

the magazine, as usual, abounds in unSummerhays Music Company 769 Weston Publishing Company 773 usual and delightful features. Temple Square Hotel 754 Z.C.M.1.752

NOVEMBER 1948 775 &Wt 5i$

Interlaken, Switzerland The Improvement Era I feel stronger and know more about our gospel Editors: Dear

bless your work so that and you that the Lord Hoping may please find three dollars for the renewal of my Enclosed too, in the language Dutch out one your magazine comes day subscription. subscribers. give more you and then I am sure that it will publish you Because much. very I your magazine enjoy faithfully, Yours

one or through I to read have month, every only one number (signed) M. J. Brijs W.

all ImproveNearly The week. every publications older two

five times four or through I read I have, which Eras ment Truth "Hard"The such out for putting I thank years. you the past during the city for the first his wife visited a mountaineer and

wonderful paper. Sincerely your brother, A time. The husband was interested in the street paveDavid Piranian mentsScrapingand concretehis foot onsidewalks.the hard surfaces, he said to his wife:

"I don't blame them for building the town here. The ground

Tyrone, New Mexico is so hard they couldn't plow it, nohow."

Telephone News—Indiana Sir: Dear you to know how much I enjoy The Improvement want

I Era. I have never seen a magazine its equal. The magazine Turning a Phrase

has such clean literature, and has so much educational value, Three women, seated on the veranda of a summer resort, moral, as well as spiritual. were "putting it on"about their respective husbands.

Sincerely yours, "Your husband is a lawyer, isn't he?"asked one.

Mrs. Jonnie McDonald Turning"No,"repliedto thetheotherother,she "he'ssaid, a"Yourbarrister."husband is a moving

picture writer, isn't he?"

Corinne, Utah "He's a scenarist!"was the reply.

July 1, 1948 "Isn't your husband a waiter?"they asked the third woman.

Dear Editors: "No, he's not a waiter, he's a contact man between the

the chef."and inspiring to read the poetry that you printed in customer is truly IT

issue. your June ferociously, "I'd like to crown said "Pawson,"Aunt Caroline,

It is comforting to know that this, our own magazine, is dat lowdown husband o'mine."

publishing poetry by known and unknown writers, poetry that "Why, Caroline, what's he done?"

is lasting, that will live tomorrow as well as today. Such a "Done? Why, he's done gone and let de chickenhouse door

beautiful poem as Helen Maring's "I Thank Thee, Lord!"open, and all de chickens has escaped."

will be read again and again. "Oh, well, that's nothing. Chickens, you know, come home

So many of the smaller poetry magazines are going out of to roost."

business and they were the last channel open to the poet. It "Come home?"groaned Aunt Caroline. "Come home?

is with a humble prayer that I pray you will keep your pages Pawson, dem chickens '11 go home!"

open to poetry. >

This letter is to thank you, the editors, for having enough Bushby was sorely in need of an extra farm hand, and adfaith in my poetry as well as that of other young writers to vertised.

print it, and to wish that your poetry page may ever be a "What'll ye pay?"questioned an early applicant.

candle in the dark. "I'll pay you what you are worth,"promptly replied BushVery sincerely, by.

Marijane Morris The applicant meditated for a minute, then turning on his heel, decisively announced: "I'll be durned if I'll work for

that!"Rotterdam 28, Holland $ Dear Editors: A Letter from Washington

THIS morning I received the first two issues of my second "P very man, conducting himself as a good citizen, and being year subscription of your fine magazine. It is the best—f accountable to God alone for his religious opinions,

church magazine I ever read during my life because all what ought to be protected in worshiping the Deity according to is printed in it is the truth. I am not able to listen to the KSL the dictates of his own conscience.

broadcasting but now I can read everything what is said by—George Washington: Letter to the United Baptist

our Prophet and the other Church Authorities. After reading Chamber of Virginia, May 1789

RENO LIONS'MALE QUARTET Dear Editors:

\ am enclosing a photograph of the Reno * Lions'Male Quartet which won first place in the international contest held in

Madison Square Garden, July 27, 1948.

Our quartet competed with fifteen of the best quartets in the United States who were in turn the winners of their respective districts and regions.

Reading from left to right: Sister Anna L.

Garrett, accompanist (assistant stake organist, Primary, and Relief Society stake organist); Wesley Summerfield; Brother Chester

Christensen, member of third quorum of elders; E. W. (Bud) Hardesty; and Brother

William H. Garrett, member Reno Stake

presidency and managing director of the quartette. We have been organized for about

a year and a half and have some definite plans for concerts in the near future.

Sincerely, William H. Garrett

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT COVERED THE WORLD IN A FEW MONTHS

The publisher wishes to thank 1400 representatives who made it possible to expedite so many books in such short time.

AN ANALYSIS

of the BOOK OF MORMON

Wesley Ziegler

(pJuoL $3.00

The Deseret Book Co.

Salt Lake City, Utah The Publication Press Pasadena, California I L I G HT ff M R V E S T f W

The hardest Isin '.-.. now the soil will tie dormaiitiiiriig winter's

reign. 'y Man -might well ponder on his life's coarse at this

';].. lie autumn of his career.

pmkimz MMA, km Wmmmm m. prnmmmmi md

:: w:m wim w ttmmlf m& nm Imm mm.. j::m mmmm

Mmtm

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH