MARCH 1952IMPROVEMENTERA

ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL

* August 24, 1868 - February 3, 1952 *

IT! THE GAS RANGE HAS

IFtheyouspeedwantoftomodernsave time,gas you'llcookery.welcomeTake tureCan immediatelyfor every food.obtainAndthewhenright youtemperaturn

top burners, for example. When you turn gas down there's no lingering heat to cause

on the top burner of an automatic gas boilovers or scorching.

heat. instant range, have Any you of a The best way to enjoy the many advantoo, full flame heats, from thousand or more

for fast boiling to mere pinpoints of flame tages of gas is in a new automatic gas range.

for keeping foods warm. This visible flame See the new models at dealers'. Look for

heat eliminates guesswork. You can always the one that fits your family needs. You'll

see exactly how much heat you have... find that it costs less to buy, less to operate.

cooks defter, costs /ess &4SMOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO

EXPLORINGBy DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"RffoRE people have spoken Chinese than any other language in the world's history. Billions of people have

had Chinese as their native tongue. It

has been estimated that until the year 1750 more books had been published in Chinese than in all other languages in the world put together. Though the

Chinese spoken language has changed with time and varied with geography, for almost two thousand years the form of the written language has changed characters of thevery little. Many GIRL. She knows that object OMART a picture originally of thewere

to be represented; later, characters were it doesn't pay to bake cookies at

combined to represent some ideas. Thus,the character for man combined under home—not when she can buy

that of tree means "to rest"; "get out of

the way"is shown by a man going TOWN HOUSE Chocolate Drop a gate;through "good"or "happy"is Cookies at so low a price.*

understood and by combining a woman a child, and "wife"is represented by a woman and a broom. TOWN HOUSE Cookies by

\1Tartime studies on the feeding habits Purity are always perfectly baked, of rats at Johns Hopkins University disclosed that if a variety of substances perfectly delicious. Purity knows

were available, such as sugar, fat, amino acids, vitamins, each in separate conhow.

tainers, the rats would always select a beautifully balanced diet. If the rats *A cellophaneprotected

carton of HOUSE TOWNhad unusual needs because of pregnancy is usually Cookies or the removal of certain endocrine priced at 49c. Cartons average

glands, they supplemented their diet 34 cookies apiece. That

with the same wisdom. means these delicious

"'here are important nerve cells in acookiesdozen. cost only 17V<tc

the brain which undergo changes from which they do not recover if deprived of oxygen for more than eight minutes.

1 xperiments in Logan, Utah, and aC study in Millard County, Utah, reported by Dr. George F. Knowlton have

shown that parathion used as an insecticide and applied to alfalfa, sweet clover, and to other plants attractive during the period of bloom is poisonous to honey bees.

7 he bombardier beetles eject a volatile fluid when chased. Upon contact

with the air the fluid evaporates so rapidly that there is an audible explosion which will lay the pursuer on its back even if several times larger than the beetle. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

MARCH 1952 129 THE COLONIAL REVOLUTION

Tt is a commonplace with historians By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

that, the unification of the world, foreHead of Political Science Department, cast by the Crusades'opening of eastUniversity of Utah

reality about A.D. 1500 The unifica- ''i/-**-J * that west communication lines, spurted into tion of the world has apace, proceeded

PROFESSIONAL LOOK sinceunder Columbus'western Europeanvoyages auspices,to the Newever otherworld:imperialthe Portugueseexcursionsportintoof Macaothe widein

with theWorld; the rounding of the Cape of China; the Spanish Cuba, Guam, and

Good Hope by the Portuguese navigaPhilippines; the French IndoChina.

tors, simultaneously pushing out to The historical map of the United States

India, the East Indies, China, the is another case in point, marking the ANKER Philippines, and Japan; there were two world conflicts among these western EuZIG-ZAG prongs of a worldwide encirclement ropean powers, for supremacy: Spanish

emanating from western Europe. Florida, Texas, and California; Swedish

By 1900 the world was Europeanized. Delaware; Dutch New York; the French

At least a veneer of European language, Great Lakes and Mississippi Valley.

custom, trade, artifacts had become a But on the very eve of the British global spread. Beneath the veneer, the achievement commenced the colonial

pattern of the European nationstate revolution in the world. It has proceedhad become, or was in process of beed in three waves: (1) the revolt of

coming everywhere, the hard core of white European colonists against EuroNO ATTACHMENTS globalEuropeansociety.stateThus,- system,the aspeansin thein homecase countries,of AmerIncredibly versatile, yet the first regional stateica (1776) and Latinit's the smoothest, easiest system to become a uniAmerica (18081824) and

versal, global system, by Canada (1837); (2) the

sewing machine you ever 1900 was thickening, revolt of subject nasaw. Just touch the builtspreading, and deepentive peoples against Eu- 1 ropean rule, as in the in STITCH-O-METER and ing the overlayer of genffcf*

eral European culture Sepoy rebellion in India do: throughout the world. (1858), the Taiping and

ZIGBUTTON- Commenced by the ultimately the Boxer reZAGGING HOLES Spanish and Portuguese, other western bellions (1900) in China, the achievein of joined states early the Indonesia, independence by ment European

BUTTONMONO- India, Pakistan, French, English, the the and Ceylon Burma, The SEWING sea. revolt subject of the after 1945; by Swedes and came GRAMING process.Dutch, (3) the

BLINDHEM- The Russians went by land, expanding native peoples against white European

STITCHING STITCHING across Asia to the northern Pacific. The colonists who themselves had once reAPPLIQUE I EMBROIDERY Russians, largely content with landward volted against their own white brethren.

their less opposition than expansion, met colonial revolutions been have The Straight and Wonderful one, in neighbors, who, western one by their in operation: almost Newtonian

. Sewing..

conflicts spread over that great world is reto action, there every an opposite

Guaranteed a Lifetime the seven seas, were eliminated and action. So, as Europeans have globalmolded into a pattern shaped by Britized the planet, leaving their tracks,

ish sea power. Thus Asiatic, American bases, and outposts, swallowing up what

(north and south), African, and Pacific could be swallowed, expanding and exisland outposts, held at various times panding, there have been internal and Full Selection by the Spanish, Portuguese, French, external reactions.

of Fine Cabinets Dutch, or Swedish, eventually came Since World War II we have been and Desks within the framework of the British witnessing one of the largest and most political empire; or were tolerated as recent aspects of the colonial revoluLIBERAL TRADEIH French,independentSpanish,states etor asal.,colonieswithinof thethe tions:pean dominationChina, freedfor fromthe firstwhitetimeEuroin

For the Name and Address larger framework of British sea power 1945 (through the peculiar ministry of of your local dealer, phone and a global British commercial emJapan, the United States, and Russia), or write... pire. moved from the orbit of western Europe

1500 then began as a pluralistic moveEuropean powers—Russia. WILLIAMS The unification of the world after into the orbit of the most Asiatic of the

ment under plural auspices. But by 1815 The millions of the masses in Asia

Sewing Machine Co. the British had achieved a "balance of are on the march. The colonial revolu50 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah power"consisting of their own empire tion is at fever heat. The U.S.A. is cast

Phone 5-8651 as its hard core. A layer of independent in the peculiar and difficult role of

Dealers franchises available. states, potential allies or neutrals, funcseeming to oppose this movement. RusSpecial discount to tioned within her commercial empire. sia is cast in the misleading and favorable role these to of to states, in lead appearing independent and enChurch Organizations Attached

it. less greater or degree, of courage But the fact in Asia were remnants remains.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The second and third waves of the colonial revolution are sweeping all before them.

Currently the Near Eastern Moslem world is seething. Carefully nurtured

and manipulated by British experience,

Iran, Egypt, Iraq, TransJordan—the entire strategic Middle East with its

oceans of petroleum—are seeking to dexL--r-

termine their own destiny, free of western, white dominance. The British havethe largest experience with the colonial iBM"

revolution. Having gained most, since (f

the days of Francis Drake, they have had most to lose. Some stakes have been ARE 5TEPPINGST0NES TO GREATER

contested and lost by United force—the

States. have peacefully Some been adKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING

justed with hardly a ripple—Canada; Members, teachers, missionaries and gospel students,

and to lesser degree, Ceylon, Burma, here are books greatly needed for your church activities

India, Pakistan. But in the Middle East,... books that are enriched with scriptural information.

British "protectorates"present a different problem. The outlook, as presented

in Iran, augurs a third era in British re- L.D.S. SCRIPTURES

adjustment from weakaction—peaceful by Gilbert Charles Ormeness, international, beset with organizational difficulties (e.g., Russ-U.S.-Iranian relations); whereas the Egyptian $450

tangle augurs that a stern show of force Every church library needs this priceless may go hand in hand with withjectsedition.at Someyour 2,000fingertips.referencesIt's theand first219 suband

reference with a handy L.D.S. book

the making. 15 years indrawal—if and when there is room for onlyside index...

unilateral maneuver.

HANDY SIDE INDEX DESIRED SUBJECTS AT FINGER TIPS

Is the colonial revolution spent? Not COMPLETESTANDARD REFERENCESWORKS OF THEON CHURCHFOUR

by a long shot, if history has meaning NOW IN FOURTH PRINTING... A PROVEN

as it does. What, aside from the conREFERENCE TEXT

temporary Asian and Middle Eastern minium i minium minium iiiiniiiimii n innij i ii mi i minium inn i mm iiiilllillillMIIIIMIIilliiiiiliiimillllllllllliliilu events is on the program?

LIKE 1. Continued (peaceful) adjustment I THE QUEST j FAITH

|in I ( THE colonies, those once European ANCIENTS

S now | byO.UrsenbachF. $225 by N. B. Lundwall $2,7 5independent dominated and by white

is faithexperi- Relive missionary your This with packed volume |populations, but contain native which this of E story gospel ences! one statements: promoting and Read | = = authorities the "Priceless Pearl"sought various doctrine from whoor subject peoples. Examples:

of the distinctive S of writers the the in the mark Church and...

= true church. years. last hundred |

i ni.iiiiin 1111117 ii illinium I iniiimi mini mi mini mill ill mi mi I nil it illliuuillimillllllllinii u a. States, with The United its Navajo

Indians, other native races, and Negro.v- s v-.-.yWyvjwrtSyv

population.

b. of South The Union Africa, where

small white minority a large dominates a HIS MANY MANSIONS black population, crowded, segregated, by Rulon S. Howells

maltreated by the standard that "God hath made of one blood all nations,"Solve your missionary problems quickly plus a dissident Hindu minority. whichand easilyoutlineswith thethis beliefsoutstandingof thirteenbook,

c. The LatinAmerican states where large leading Christian denominations. Learn

Indian and mixed populations have yet edhowwiththeytheirworshipviews.. on. becomethe twentythreeacquaint- $225

to receive the full benefits of education, most important doctrinal questions. Inhealth, and political experience. cludes a 15x24 inch comparative chart.

dilimillliimiri nmimiiMiiiiiiiNiim iiiiimiiiiiiillilliiiiiiHiililimiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiii illltlllimillMlllg 2. Detonation of the longticking | SPECIAL NOTICE TO TEACHERS AND STUDENTS OF

timebomb in Soviet Eurasia, heard | GOSPEL DOCTRINE CLASSES l basic Smith, is your Fielding Perfection,"by Joseph To The I "Way QQloudly in 1917, revolutionary which |= for your text 40t*'wu copy now. 1952. Get reference I

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i=i 1 1 1 1 1 1 i r 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 r i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 rri 1 1 1 1 1 m however, perverted to elitewave, was ends by the LeninistStalinist group, but may be heard again in slow and tedious, longsuffering ways.

3. Eventual spread of the colonial

revolution to the recesses of Africa, last of thestronghold as world it was known astrolabe, the it before 1500, the when compass, Mercator's projection, gunChristianpowder, combined with the 1186 So SOUTHIt Lake CityM/virsi4, Utahreligion, economic pressure, adhuman (Concluded on page 133) MARCH 1952 131 LyrHctai \Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE em:VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jhe Lnurcn ot

or cLatteraau *S5ainti r>> n>J r VOLUME 55 NUMBER 3 n-J arc,k 1952

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

JR. - "Today's Family"ZOBELL,

Contributing Editors: F. BENNETTEditor: -BURLG. SHEPHERDHOMER DURHAM Jhe C-cover ARCHIBALD

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN R.D.CURTISGILES -- AdvertisingAssociate Manager:Director: BERTHAVERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER This month's cover is a reproduction of

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR a photograph of the late Dr. Joseph F.

Merrill, who was ordained an Apostle

October 8, 1931. For years he has written

the NoLiquor-Tobacco column for The

The Editor's Page Improvement Era. The photograph is by

Life—and Peace David O. McKay 141 Boyart of Salt Lake City.

-& *&b c—Church Features Evidences & Reconciliations—CLXIII: What are the Occupations EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

142 Saints? of the Lattei>day Widtsoe John A. Street 50 North Main

. Passing Church of Elder Joseph F, Merrill Mourns

St. Offices, North Main 50 B< 144 Y.M.M.I.A. Hinckley Gordon

St. Offices, North Main Y.W.M.I.A. 40 Tributes Merrill 205 Elder Paid

Salt Lake City 1, Utah Pomeroy Family Genealogy—Conclusion Frank T, Pomeroy 158

The World of the Jaredites—VII......Hugh Nibley 162

Inc., Corpora- a Funds, 1952 by Copyright Mutual Relationship of Spirituality Prosperity to National The (The Book

Improvement Mutual of the Men's Young of....William Problems) on Current E* Berrett Mormon Speaks of Christ of Jesus of the Church 160 Associationtion

Subreserved. rights All Saints. Latterday 186 The Church Moves 138 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column On foreign in year, advance; a price, scription S2.50 186 Priesthood Melchizedek Presiding Bishopric's Page 188 in 25c year, advance; a $3.00 subscriptions,

single copy.

Special Features asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

at special rate of postage provided for in section

The Story of Yellowface Glen G. Fisher 148 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

What Started You Coming to Church? Carol R* Flake 151 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unThrough the Eyes of Youth—The Challenge of Leadership solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

By a Mia Maid Class 152 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

The Spoken Word from Temple Square postage for delivery and return.

..Richard L. Evans 176, 180, 204

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Unwilling Muffs, Jack Sears 134 Change of Address for required of adchange Fifteen notice days'include please a change, dress. ordering When These issue of the magazine. slip a recent from S. Harris,Times—TheJr Colonial Revo129 AOnParent'sthe BookrackPrayer, Lavera Dunbar.. 138166 address

lution, G. Homer Durham 130 Your Page and Ours 208 Address changes cannot be made unless the old

address as well as the new one is included. Today's Family—The Psychology of Color—

What is Love? Rex A. Skid- A. D. MacEwen.196

more 192 Good Habits for Good Health National Advertising Representatives

How to Hook a Rug, Edith (Lessons In Eating) 198

Hints 193 200 Handy Hounsell Rice Makes Bookrack....195 a Meal Homemaker's 201 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California Stories, Poetry EDWARDHENRYS. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Angeles Los 17, California H. 154 Until Reach the Woodland We Valley—Conclusion Bertha ASSOCIATES SANGSTON AND E* Best Leone 156 SADLER Daughter Knows McCune Ave. 342 Madison

Painter, Alma Robison Higbee 133 son Higbee 153 New York 17, N. Y.

Frontispiece, Portrait, Frances Color of Spring, Elizabeth A. RAY H. DAVIS

..139 Hutchison Rodman

140 If You Love Silence, Courtney 1 65 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt. Poetry Page

High School Teacher, Alma RobiCottam 178

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times

(Concluded from page 131) IT'S FOOLISH TO PAY venture, organized under a new type of state—the national, broadbased,

vigorous,state—launchedsinglewillthe Europeanunificationnationalof the

world.

The colonial revolutions are a significant phenomena of these times. Out of them, since 1776, a new world has been FOR FLOOR WAX!

in process of manufacture. Into this

world, in 1820, came the Dispensation AEROWAX is so uniformly good it comes to of the Fulness of Times; the restitution you from the makers with a guarantee of

of all things, under the auspices of satisfaction—or your money back. Yet..

the gospel of Jesus Christ, which minyou SAVE more than 2 5f! on every pint.

istry, according to its prophet, requires knowledge /lEROMX/sMe Of things both in heaven and in the earth, And under the earth; goodwaxMaf

Things which have been, Things which are, Things which must shortly come to pass;

Things which are at home, Things which are abroad;

The wars and the perplexities of nations,

And the judgments which are on the land;

And a knowledge also of countries and of kingdoms That ye may be prepared in all things

When I shall send you again calling the magnify To n G WAX

I have Whereunto called you.... (See AEROWAX

D. & C. 88:7980.) NtSdeby the Makers ok J-INOMl.OIL

How is your knowledge in these n...t Hou.ehold OH for MoreThoOYeo.

times?

PAINTER / GUARANTEE* MCH By Alma Robison Highee

strange lf Tow her hands that were not Chocolaty Goodness * to hold * made brush An artist's should feel the deep, reWITH MY curring urge

To write cloud music on a canvas width, to mold In bluetoned, muted hues, the rise and DUFFS surge Of greening spring upon a blossomed spray,

Or mayapple bells under the green pennants hung Devil's Food Mix!

Or paint pink clover in a meadowed May

Or catch pearl tints of dawn when the day SAYS.

was young.

Early she bore the care of an orphaned brood, With meager hours for leisure; then love JLf it's meltin-yourmouth

forged a chain chocolaty goodness CHOCOIATE you tasks, kept her That bound to homey try Duff's prewant new—my food, paring DEVILS

Devil's Mix. Because Food or Rebuilding soothing childish dreams,

pain. I use only the finest quality FOOD*/*!

And yet, at dusk, when all the work was ingredients—expertly

done, measured and blended—I The children tucked to sleep, while her good

man read, can guarantee perfect reOn a feed sack, bleached with wind and sults. You get devil's food

sun cake that's moist and light

She would work peach blossoms with... rich in chocolate flavor

raveled, thread. colored and aroma... not just once he Sometimes watched her for a moment's span—but every time you bake.

Then turned to read of calves and crops And that's a promise.

and mundane things, You {ust add milk!

Not dreaming she could turn from world of man *See my moneyback To soar star heights on shining spirit guarantee on every package.

wings.

MARCH 1952 133 1 /, mj''f BOOKS..... THE KEYS TO LEARNING!

KNOW YOUR LDS DOCTRINES!

UNWILLING Choose authoritative volumes MUFFS Be informed—know

and understand your tOu /rack J)eaf5

LDS doctrines...

their principles and most unwise father, in my teachings. They Theopinion, is he who starts his child

offer YOU so much. into a line of work he is not cut

out to do well. The world is full

of unwilling muffs. (A muff is a

Book of Mormo professionman who orhascallingbeen whereshoved heintodoesa full cities are rtot fit or belong.) The Commentary

rather of dissatisfied would who men

By Eldin Ricks be what they are not, who go through

I full the text Volume of—

First the of Book with Nephi notes. explanatory Oft lifefollowwiththroughregretswhatthat theythey loveddid notto 6VV

do and could do well.

Our Leaders fallenIt isbytrue,the waysidemany of becausethese havethey

By Doyle Green are not willing to take it when it

Biographical material on David hurts, to accomplish what they most

O. and his McKay counselors; of least the to do, choosing way A/ like - - f and Joseph Fielding Smith. to in preference hard resistance work W and sacrifice. And yet a man who

Evidences and is a misfit in any line endures more of reknocks knocks—-the

the Reconciliations - VoL III realgrets,hardthe knocks of fear, and

By Dr. John A. Widtsde knocks of humiliation and disgust

presenting answers many A book A n ''* questions to bewhich have C withliberatelyhimself,withthanhis oneeyes whoopengoesintode-a - wildered - Jm+i&J Church members.

field he likes and feels he will succeed

Book of Mormon in,struggleknowingand heplugwillalong.have to fight and

Stories The foolish idea of parents that a

By Emma Mart Petersen boyof hisshouldfatherfollowwhetherin thehe isfootstepsgifted for readers younger A volume presents elewhich ennobling - - the of Gospel. ments LDS - 3VV2 ftt\ intake.that field or not is a grave misWhat does it matter if a father

BY MAIL—enclose ORDER line of those long from a who

residents add 2% stateTie salespostage.tax.Utah comes great this or that with have been

success? Why make a young fellow, ZCMI BOOKS—Street Floor

who has no earmarks of making a success in the work his father, his grandfather, or his great grandfather has followed, take up that same work?

Many a genius—author, inventor,

artist, musician, or actor has been stifled in his youth because his parents have thrown up their hands in horror at that which their son loves to do and which he no doubt will succeed in, should he follow it.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF THESE FINE BOOKS S|89 m '"WITH DO YOU WANT MEMBERSHIP (Value up to $19.95)

(JaMyReaditujtM OFFER THAT MAY NEVER BE MADE AGAIN!

books three wonderful accept invited of the to are any you Yes, in the for only this membership with $1.89, page on shown

Family Reading Club. Founded to select and distribute books

which are worthwhile, interesting and entertaining without being objectionable in any way, the Family Reading Club is just what you have been looking for! Read, below, how the Club brings you

the very finest new books at bargain prices. Then mail the coupon

to join the Club and get the three books you want, without delay!

ThorndikeBarnhart THE GREATEST BOOK EVER WRITTEN

DESK DICTIONARY By Fulton Oursler

Eve, Contains Testament Adam, book. comprehensive really The A all thestory—ofBiblical immortals pages. of illustrations, Moses 900 entries, 700 80,000 Old—

in retold beautifully narrative simply featured Recently accurate. and written, Newly

in Life Magazine. Publisher's ed., $2.75. form. Publisher's edition, $3.95.

IN BUCKSKIN DOCTOR OF ENCYCLOPEDIA COOKING

Allen D. By T. Given By Meta

—ofAnand exciting pioneer story of the Northwest The master book that gives you a thrilling'ahowfrontierthey doctorlived andandhisworkedEastern amongbride, newrecipes,approachhundredsto cooking!of pictures,Contains1,700 pages.2,000the Indians to open the Oregon Territory. Originally published in 2 vols, at $10.00.'

CREATIVE HOME DECORATING SEWING MADE EASY

By The Rockows By Mary Lynch Complete stepby-step methods for working Shows you how to cut, sew, finish and rereal wonders in your home. 500 illustramodel clothes like a professional! Easy to

tions, 41 fullcolor "demonstration rooms", follow, complete, full of ideas and shortcharts, etc. Publisher's edition, $4.95 cuts. Illustrated. Publisher's ed., $3.95.

NIGHTINGALE FLORENCE THE MAESTRO

By Cecil WoodhamSmith Taubman Howard mm By as Nightingale a simple of think Miss of Toscanini Arturo biography We ironwilled an actually she was musician and conductor. boy, man,

in revolurion nursworld forced studied has the one Maesby A—asWrittenfascinating womannurse, yetwho who

tro for 20 years! Publisher's edition, $5.00. ing. As exciting as a novel. Pub. ed., $4.50.

HANDY HOME MEDICAL ADVISER 10,000 GARDEN QUESTIONS ANSWERED

By Morris Fiskbein, M.D. Edited by F. F. Rockwell

field in guide gardening of Covers the whole and authoritative simple, complete A form, with important your question answer that will help many of and you understand own illnesses. Covers symptoms and treatproblems answered by 15 experts. 1,488

ments in clear, easily understood terms. pages, profusely illustrated. Pub. ed., $4.95.

MAIL NOW/ COUPON i THIS OFFER! SENSATIONAL MAKE WEWHY

this Club Family Reading The makes membership Free with "Bonus"Books THE CHECK 3 BOOKS YOU WANT offer to demonstrate unusual how memFamily distributes Club Reading The a 3-ER. Dept. CLUB, FAMILY READING bership in MINEOLA, YORK best the you the Club NEW free for four each "Bonus"Club Book at enjoyable books newbrings most much will take. Please books you These I send at once three the checked have books me lessand retail editions! publishers'the than ThomdikeBarnhart excelselectionsmeet of the standards Club high right first the as two Gift Membership and Books my they publishers submit books Each month interest, superior writing bill selection, and atClub Dictionary Desk only for delivery) (plus and me will believe the Family Reading meet lence,wholesome subject you can all matter—and Also enroll three. as a the of Family $1.89member me select Editors standards. Club then Our [| fine this library in a at Doctor Buckskin up home way Reading review Club of and each send me. month, a enthey the can most book recommend extra buildno expense. of purchase books The the Club's I selection. privilege forthcoming the have thusiastically. are which books These for from $1.89 the only Club Creative each—inif Home I in notifying advance to not you wish accept do every can family your member read—of publishers'of retail regular stead the selection, ofany special or alternate the Decorating offered—at book older leave safely you books can where prices to $3.00 of $4.00—saves you from price members'(plus only of postage and each if children they read can wishthem accept. each. you on book 35% 50% fees, handling) are or There and Maestro dues The $1.89membership no library to in retained your books be home the value of the And Bonus whento I selections as alternates four accept as may or few pride. with in, save can as you muchBooks Medical during Handy I will Home the months. twelve coming member, Asa You To Means What dollars! isas of your book 60%figured receive free selecfour a with Club Bonus each Book Adviser Membershipis in for charge There no membership tions alternates I or accept. Join Send—Money No Now cost the the Club Family beyond Reading [] Greatest The Book SPECIAL NORISK GUARANTEE: believe If will in a club themselves. the of only book you books which pay You

If all not return will books I in delighted. Written Ever finest instincts of the every appeal to $1.89 (plus postage handling) each and

this 7 will canceled. days and membership be let for after family, of us introduce reading your the books purchase member you

Given's EncyMeta will to you Family Club Reading the review the book magazine which Mr. NOW,

clopedia of Cooking is It while of get not choice can to your each month. your you come ANY Mrs home

described of wonderful every the necessary books to purchase a book THREE Miss print) (Please

Easy Sewing Made four accept here your as as as few Membership two month—you may—Street and No.. FREEfirst year'selection as All your to one Club retain each your and membership.

Florence Nightingale for $1.89! just selections are money, wellonly Gift,—new, complete, Send no [J

..State.. City..Zone.. this printed mail the today. as However, coupon wellbound. and books your And

QuesGarden 10,000 delivered offer to at the be your withdrawn unusual door any may by.: r if 21 St. In Toronto Age, H price 105 Canada Same Bond

'time, to bemail tions the to urge read! you coupon Answered willpostman—ready we NOW 1 a.J 21 Under in A. Offer the only S. Canada. good and U.

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK

MARCH 1952 135 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

yv *d-)au Jo <J-)aiA ikronoloqu \Jf (church (L-ven,t&

passing through conventions those 16,707 for Maids Mia December 1951 Salt 279,547 1951, City. During Girls 19,062 Lake Hive Bee

9 9 Sister Lillian Jensen Lillywhite, made the tour of the grounds with a wife of President John P. LillyOther Mutual statistics were: guide, and 246,609 attended the Taberwhite of the Netherlands Mission, died Stake Gold and Green Balls 234 nacle organ recitals.

at The Hague. Ward Gold and Green Balls 1104 It was announced by John D. Giles

Other stake dances 1229 that an estimated 400,000 visitors 9 * President Stephen L Richards of Other ward dances 7269 stopped at the "This is the Place"the First Presidency dedicated the Dramas given 3759 Monument during 1951.

chapel of the WandamereWandamere Persons participating in It was announced that the familiar

Park wards, Grant (Salt Lake City) dramas 28,223 Mormon Pioneer Trails marker will

Stake. Drama festivals 332 identify the approaches to the Mormon

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards Male choruses 401 Pioneer Memorial Bridge now under dedicated the chapel of the Fountain Women's choruses 1116 construction over the Missouri River,

Green Ward, Moroni (Utah) Stake. Mixed choruses 812 near the old Winter Quarters settlePublic addresses 19,181 ment.

9 A Encino Ward, San Fernando Stories retold 3793 (California) Stake, organized from Debates 1918 2 Elder Marion G. Romney of the

portions of Reseda Ward, with Elder Readings 12,333 Council of the Twelve dedicated

Raymond Ross sustained as bishop. the chapel of the Groveland Ward,

Datus E. Hammond, who retired Stake. Blackfoot (Idaho) Elder Parry sustained as H. Henniger

1 of as Scout Executive January President A. Hurren, forClarence ofthe bishop new Reseda Ward.

the Great Salt Lake Council, was honmerly first counselor, succeeded President ored at a mammoth homecoming. Elder EIRay L. Christiansen as president of

Hammond has served as an executive in the East Cache (Utah) Stake. SusJanuary 1952 the council since 1920, during which tained as first counselor was Elder Eltime more than one hundred thousand dred L. Waldron, who was formerly

Elder Logan Brimhall succeeded boys have registered in scouting under second counselor. Elder Cecil B. Kenner

Elder Claude H. Pomeroy as dihis direction. was sustained as second counselor.

rector Arizona of the Temple Bureau of is of president Christiansen, Elder who atInformation Mesa.. Assistant I 9 Mrs. Martha Jones Ballard, the Temple, an Logan is now

widow of the late Elder Melvin J. to the Council of the Twelve.

K Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Ballard of the Council of the Twelve, President John K. Edmunds of the

Council of the Twelve and Gendied at the age of seventynine. Chicago Stake delivered the "Church

eral Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis of of the Air"sermon over the Columbia

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement 9 President Thomas Gay Meyers Broadcasting System. Title of the talk,

Association were named to the commitsucceeded President Bryan L. originating with Station WBBM, Chitee on program and resolutions for the Bunker as president of the Moapa cago, Illinois, was "What Is Man That

fortysecond annual meeting of the Na- (Nevada) Stake. Elders Robert Lynn Thou Art Mindful of Him?"

L. Adams sustained and Thomas tional Council, Boy Scouts of America. Bunker

as counselors. Retiring President Bunker North Thirteenth and South Thir-,

created Thirteenth teenth from wards presides in the California Mission. now Statistics reports the from annual Q (Salt City) University Lake Ward, in Elders stake the counselors were His of of the the Mutuals were Church L. Davis, Stake, Elder Harold with Bripley Wells. G. and Harold Edwin J. as follows:announced of sustained the bishop former ward President D. succeeded Olpin Roy I. Y. A. stakes, 10 183 (based M. M. on of as Thirteenth bishop Ward, North

as president President LaPreal George missions, 1638 wards branches) and sustained Bodell Elder and H. James Stake. the of Millard (Utah) was He Enrolment 104,383 of as Thirteenth South bishop Ward. counselor. Elders D. formerly second

Stake and mission boards 2484 Ward and branch boards 14,915 LaMoynesustained Melvilleas counselors.and HaroldRetiringA. Woodfirst 9 9 "Meet me at Mutual"night was

Special Interest 15,726 M Men 17,976 strand.counselor was Elder J. Milton Beckof thefeaturedChurch,in thewithwardsmembersand branchesand

Junior M Men 10,245 Southern California Branch for the friends invited to look in on a "model

Explorers 17,784 Deaf organized as an independent Mutual in action."

Boy Scouts 25,253 branch of the Los Angeles Stake, with

Elder Joseph F. Evans sustained as | It was announced that copies of

Y. W. M. I. A. (based on 184 stakes, branch president. the Book of Mormon have been

20 missions, 1933 wards and branches) in the rooms of both Hotel Utah and

Enrolment 110,095 I ft A total of 1,009,269 visitors came Temple Square for about two years,

Stake and mission boards 3022 to Temple Square in 1951. This and "some 'thought has been given to

Ward and branch boards 21,387 is a decrease from the 1,075,042 visitors placing the Book of Mormon in other

Special Interest 20,477 in 1950, explained by the fact that places."The books have had to be

Gleaners 13,517 there were fewer large conventions in replaced several times during the period.

Junior Gleaners 15,923 Pacific Coast cities, and fewer delegates (Continued on page 191) 136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA future success and leadership. at play, on rainy days at home. hy? Mommie puzzling questions can easily be the key to his ing. Here is his constant companion in school,*

devoted, intelligent Other parents have solved A GIFT FOR YOUR BOY OR GIRL problem. In of over the homes 4,000,000 "Why,mMommie, is the snow white?"... "What this

holds the stars boys is the The His eager Book of Knowledge up?"follow demands Knowledge, of haven't seen If you Book The

parents'lifetime to from you airroom companion room. of makes an "What and friend—thegirls of to like wonders the sample would you we

... fly?"children. plane is fire hot, "Why Mommie?"great this 15,000 pages of and 7,000 work

love child's You your questions. his They show oblifree, will pictures. without send you We intelligence alertness. and try to answer You IT Discover! gation, More PARENTS Worlds SEEN HAVE To "New WORK simply well, them for realize and his you ques- a 36page Aladdin's Lamp,"Wonderful Than

tions are all beginnings the will of ever first he know. child of Knowlopen The The Book may full size booklet pages from actual Book of The

Yet many times you may feel you cannot do edge to look up a fact or while away an hour. of Knowledge. Just clip the coupon below and

justice to the many questions in that bright and Then he becomes intrigued, fascinated, drawn this beautifully illustrated booklet will be sent page. page after on, and on Many He reads busy that more become comin. without charge.

a tucked under has the morning met a volume plex his andmind—questionsimportant with years. growing

sleepyhead's pillow. For here is the important Reproduced in full colors, with fascinating

with questions; to curious answers and birds, facts animals,

this paintings, animals, plates color of birds, of full colored AND, WHAT ARE YOUR ANSWERS? fishes,knowledgeflowers,of thetrees—hundredsworld—the

Your answers must satisfy his eager curiosity. pictures; the history and customs of a hundred booklet will become one of your child's most

They should send him off to play or school different countries, the worlds of the skies, the cherished possessions—something he will refer

confident that he knows as much—or more than world at the bottom of the sea; science, invento again and again. Simply mail the coupon for

others of his age. The way you answer his tion, literature, poetry, manual arts and trainyour free copy.

* Used in schools and libraries throughout the U. S. and Canada

FREE for your child, this delightful color booklet 36 fascinating pages

MAIL THIS FREE BOOKLET COUPON OF KNOWLEDGE THE BOOK 45th Street, 2 West New York 36, N. Y.

Wonderful More Please To Discover! "New Worlds send me

full color booklet taken Aladdin's i?Than the 36page Lamp!",

the newest it is FREE revisionand withoutof theobligationbook of knowledge.whatsoever. I under- 4 The Book fromstand

There are children in my family, ages |

NAME.

. of Knowledge

I The Children's Encyclopedia ADDRESS 1 ZONE. CITY 4

COUNTY STATE a| I Answers Every Question A Child Can Ask Improvement Era—3-52

MARCH 1952 137 A PARENTS PRAYER

by La Vera Dunbar

iifV UR FATHER wno art in heaven,"1 1 let thy Spirit guide me to be

V a better parent. Help me to

,--/ understand, and with patience listen to their problems. Help me when I am

out of sorts, that I may have a por- |S*IsJ tion of thy peace. Teach me, that

give you the I may hold my tongue until my magnificent voice of angers cease.

"Thy will be done,"that I should live as you would have me do.

children see Through my me—let IGOR GORIN Star of opera—concert—radio—television take. paths to the virtuous Help me

to be as BRIGHAM YOUNG steal or thecheat—fromhonest one, whothem wouldtheir opnot

in selections from portunities to know that life is sweet.

the great musical drama of the "Give us this day our daily bread;"

Mormon pioneers let it serve as nourishment and energy for their active minds and

Lord, bless the hands bodies. of him "ALL FACES WEST"

it for this labor provided baritones of our time, and also a student whose Mr. Gorin, one of the great

and admirer of Brigham Young, has recorded a special arrangement family. May he be given the health

"All original scngs four from Saints"and of "Come, Ye Come for toil. Lord, the tomorrow's Faces needed best! at its music West"Mormon—stirring

this hands prepare whose bless me, as: praise "WonderCritics these with such recordings favored have

ful,""majestic,""soul stirring,""universal in appeal,""the best things daily bread, that I might not waste for a long time."a westerner of their written kind by

recordings thrilled.. which every this precious substance of life. with these too, will be You,

Mormon family should own and enjoy. "Forgive me my trespasses,"Lord,

as I ask forgiveness of my wrongs.

feelings of my COME, COME YE SAINTS—A new interLet me not hurt the

pretation of this stirring Mormon Hymn; children, as they stumble in missung magnificently by Mr. Gorin and takes; but rather, give me courage chorus.

their wrongs, and teach forgive to PRAYER FOR A SAFE JOURNEY—Outside that weaknesses, their through killing in the them Nauvoo, cold of February,

1846, the Saints kneel with Brigham ABOUT THE COMPOSER they may stand as pure souls before as Young he prays for guidance to an LIBRETTIST AND destination. unknown Parry, talthee. Let me be a parent fit to be Utahborn Roland

ented and wellknown composer children. imitated loved and by my FLY LOWER, the plains on BIRDS—Out teacher, the music; wrote and

to in had the be many wayside left by his wife, Parry, Talmage Helen into templead them "Let me not lyrics. a senses hurriedly soul the graves. "One they But dug were

never left without a prayer. in this creation."tation."Guide me hour by hour

THIS IS THE PLACE—In a powerful song PRICES: that I might teach by precept and by

as gratitude, of Gorin, Brigham Young, Conventional 78 reward, has its that honesty rpm example sings: the Place!""This Is record three of album cleanliness pays, that that goodness THE 12inch records FLUTTERING OF A THOUSAND WINGS

- - - $4.95 of body is next to godliness. 5—The cricket and seagull story, sung by (6 songs)

tenor, Larsen, Jack and chorus. Longplay "Deliver them from the evils"they THE DESERT SHALL THEN BLOSSOM AS ord—Six 33VS"ALLrpmFACESrecTHE ROSE—This anthem is a prophecy WEST"songs - $3.95 are tempted with. Let the mad, en-

a Both and promise rpm of things to come. Mr. frill evil of ones the and frolic had may be33'/3 or WITHrecords ticing, andWITH78 chorus. Gorin and

narration, introductory scar OUT leave places no upon and evil their souls.

is of the kingdom,""For thine MAIL ORDERS: AT LEADING MUSIC STORES, OR ORDER DIRECT FROM FORPostage Packaging and I pray, ones. Lord, Oh, righteous east of Miss. Add 75c

50c of Miss. west Add guide me... bless me... strengthen

sales 10c tax on 78 PARGO PRODUCTIONS, INC. Add

8c sales. tax me... that I might guide myself 1018 26th STREET - OGDEN, UTAH onrpm LPalbum;record.

and mine to thee! Amen.

Please send albums 78 rpm or Q LP 33 V rpm.

with narration; Q without narration.

Enclosed $ to cover cost, including sales tax and postage.

Name, Address City and State.

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H. Armstrong

Roberts

'.;.-...,..-.-.-...y.: '':.;'''". (8? -'*x '.?.::': g

:: "::.:,'FT tjjTHMTr jifcLsa

farmer's face is a map of every weatherPORTRAIT That he has intimately known: a chart

By Enduring as if it had been etched on leather,

The very pattern of his sturdy heart.

Frances A farmer's hand is shaped by wisdom, made

Rodman To curve about a plow or be the strong

Assurance for a small fist in it laid:

A son so short a time is small, grown up so long!

A farmer's look holds knowledge like a well

That comradeship with earth and sun have filled

Up to the brim. He may not care to tell

What dreams a busy man has time to build,

But wordless, it glows in him like a flame,

Though like as not he never gave it name.

MARCH 1952 139 THE WIND IS A BOY STONY BROOK THAT FENCE IS BROKEN

By Beverly Boone By Ethel Jacobson By Bessie Saunders Spencer is blue; brook TT'he meadow in spring wind is a lad: changeableHPhe stalked years have told me how the *- is green; "TPhey brook mountain The he's days happy; "- Some he's days some * land the the But here water is moonpale sad. sleet the and in childhood, how loved I In the stony reach between. lionLike a growls he snarls roars; and and snow

He can't be crossed when his days are poor. Here like liquid moonstones And prowling winds have split the lonely

The nights turn warm. The days grow The fluid gray of sky, row

long. Ever over the gray stones Of plum trees; that no clustered willows

In our little lad's heart there grows a song. The brook goes fumbling by. stand,

The cross old lion is gone for good. Or vineyard stretch like a purple band

A gentle lamb is in the place he stood. The stones are worn to pebbles; To girdle autumn. Walls of sod are low,

The pebbles worn to sands, For time has focused its long breath to

The wind in summer is a lovable chap. Quietly, so quietly, blow

He's gentle and soft, cuddles up in your lap. By these pale and patient hands. Away the print of pioneering hand.

He kisses your cheek with a light caress,

Ruffles your hair in soft tenderness. There is but pasture and the quiet spring

Treasure these moments, time is gliding. Where now, the thirsty cattle pass in brown

The frolicsome boy must be in hiding. Processions from the silence of the plain.

We will remember his amorous ways That fence is broken where the gray birds

When September ends all our summer days. sing!

Tonight my heart's last barrier is down,

The wind in autumn is a mischievous As slow herds tramp where dreamers built fellow. in vain!

He starts to whisper but ends in a bellow.

He darts through the leaves, slides down the day, Teases ripples in the serene little bay. PASSING ACQUAINTANCE

Climbs to the top tall of the mountain until And "Yoohoos"his By Stanton A. Coblentz Echo answers

call.

Nights long and nippy—days cool and Thathave madeforgottenour meetingwhat theseemdeedso good, short

act his I came to read But in boy takes Our a deep breath and goes on of brotherhood. soul The with his sport!

overcast years the have Strangely, is in wind The winter a boisterous boy.

time, the place, the circumstance, whistles shoutsHe for and joy. The laughs and

the past like from a white lamp Though on,""I'll he howls, "Come race."run a you

I still his face behold your And reward in face. is snow your

drifts higher, get The the nights are cold; wrinkles, scrawled of laughing face A our boisterous And boy bold. becomes more eyes gray, laughing orbed, the Beneath

dig You shovel and a path once more, halfrecalled hair; iron and And

he's it But covered ere over shut the you wise. gravely that was Speech

door.—]eano Orlando

I have forgotten what the deed;

I NEED EnoughLike musicthat avidstill itslistenersspirit glows,heed ROBERTA GOES TO A PARTY SOMETIMES

By Ramona Vernon By Elaine V. Emans Long after the player goes.

Qometimes I need the farawayness—1 <m——

Wide bows of yellow ribbon hold her % Of verdant or of snowswept hills, shining curls in place A distant woodland violetgrayness THE LAGGARD

To make a golden frame about her sweet, Or thunder's rumble that fulfils demure, young face, My listening for it or the farBy Helen Carson Janssen swishing taffeta And reveals a silver of rain from a ruffle of Off star.: air starched spring lace 'he year—the

"J-B-- so other times patentleather I need But As slippers much are bare, dignified, step with Is cold and is latebitter—treesthis

soft grace. A near bird singing, flowers to smell, And snow is flurrying here and there.

A kitten's silken fur to touch,

My lovely little lady walks with charm and Some work at hand for doing well, The robins came back weeks ago, poise today The close companioning of a book And still they brave the threat of snow

As conscious of new finery she proudly goes And your hand, and your deepening look. And winds that whistle as they blow.

her way, But lurking there in her blue eyes I see a A daring jonquil lifts her head twinkle gay A LITTLE MIRACLE Above the ice that crusts her bed

Reminding me this dainty miss played cowBy Mabel Jones Gabhott As if to say, "I am not dead!"girl yesterday.

sings, a redbird a branch on Perched world was drear my Yesterday scarlet his wings wide stretching trees sighed through Gray my windowAnd brings: the season cold the Defies YUCCA panes;

looked blotched ground The from many By Katherine there'll "In H. Norris rains;

wait and see—be lovely A certain? happiness was What f APERS trills spite spring—justofhis icesongandtriumphantlysnow fT He

-*- white, point Waxy clear bubbles Today my laughter

Skyward again as spring The branches beckon to spring lanes; "A few more days and skies will clear

Spreads here her yearly altar for The earth looks cool and lush for grains: The air grow warm—the flowers appear,

Our God. I washed my kitchen curtain! For spring will come to crown the year!"

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA siSSsSvSvxij-S

ia j resident

eUJauLa L/. cJ\a!i

"LIFE—AND "For to be carnally minded is death; ship, by persuasion, and by legitimate force,

but to be spiritually minded is life and when necessary, turn the boat from the rapids peace."(Romans 8:6.) before it is too late.

Too many of us stand on the shore and cry:

men, ahoy!"Let us get into their Glorious words these—life, peace! The "Young

whole purpose and end of existence is lives, let us touch their personality by our let them feel that there is life, and to obtain in that life, peace—for personality, and

the work and glory of God are to bring to pass something real in this religion; that it is the

life, that nothing else can the immortality and eternal life of man—and greatest thing in

our purpose, wherever we may be, is to live. make them live as fully and happily as the

I believe that we can meet our young people true religious life.

on that plane and appeal to them, and show Young people say: "We want to live. Let

them that the best life, the happiest life, is us have a good time."But all too frequently

the life that is prompted by the ideals of true their view is distorted. Often they are seeking

religion. Many of them will turn aside when to live in the realm that brings only immediate

we say we are going to preach to them. I do sensation and afterwards no peace. Often

not always blame them. I believe that too they fail to distinguish between the carnal

many of us stand on the side, a it were, and pleasures and those which are intellectual and call to them to come back without ever enterspiritual. We are not asking them not to have

ing into their lives. a good time. They should have a good time.

I am reminded of a story that appeared in Young men and young women, all men and one of our old schoolbooks. Many will rememwomen, are entitled to a "good time."We are

ber it. The author pictured some young people all here to enjoy life in its fullest and most comsailing down the river towards Niagara Falls, plete sense; but the message of the gospel of

and the man on the shore cried: Jesus Christ is this: that to live happily one

"Young men, ahoy, the rapids are below must live in obedience to law, physical law, you! intellectual law, spiritual law. Transgression

But they went on laughing and carousing. of law always brings unhappiness; it always

Later he cried: brings death when carried to its ultimate end.

"Young men, ahoy, the rapids are below I remember the remark of a man who was you!"nationally disgraced, and who commented: "I

But they did not heed his warning call until have played a crooked game, and I have lost."

they suddenly realized that they were in the Young men and women: That is the story of

midst of the rapids; and with all the power everyone who plays the crooked game. The

at their command they could not turn their one who plays the game straight, who deep boat upstream; so, he said, "Shrieking and down in his soul does the right thing because

cursing, over they go!"it is right is the man who has that peace and

The lesson left an indelible impression upon contentment for which we all so much yearn.

me in my younger years, but today it seems I thrill with all my heart at the thousands incomplete. It is one thing to stand on the of young people who are earnestly participating

shore and cry: "Young men, ahoy, there is (Concluded on following page)

danger ahead."And it is another thing to row

into the stream, and, if possible, get into the boat with the young people and by companionMARCH 1952 /..W-v--. 141

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) of their life. They have lived as the epicure would

in the educational and activity programs of the live, for the moment; but they have no peace. Their

Church. They are learning to live—to live comsouls are turbulent. Why? Because they have

pletely and abundantly; and in the living to serve stained the character of another and they have

their fellow men! He lives most who sees or stained their own souls. No one can transgress the

hears "tongues in trees, books in the running laws of chastity and find peace.

brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything."No matter what the opportunity, no matter what

He lives most who sees beyond these trees, these the temptation, let the young man of Israel know stones, these running brooks, and sees God and that to find happiness he must hold sacred his true goodness in it all, who sees an overruling Providence manhood; let him know that he is going to live

in all this world and recognizes God's children as and live completely by refusing to yield to that brothers and sisters, in every one of whom there is temptation. Then he is happy; then there is peace

something good. instead of turbulency in his soul. And let our

There is in every human soul a something good young women know it as well as our young men.

calling for something better, very much as that The time has come when Latterday Saints should something of life mentioned by Lowell when he said, stand by their principles, not on the bank crying referring to spring, "Every clod feels a stir of might, "young man ahoy,"but in the midst of them, helping an instinct within it that reaches and towers and, and encouraging.

groping blindly about it for light, climbs to a soul Too often our boys and girls are going out at in leaf and flower."So there is in the human soul night, night after night; and you and I are out of

that divine element which is calling, striving, urging our homes during the day, and often also at night;

the person to a higher, to a better life. and so we are not associating with them as much

Young people should do right because it is right. as we should. We must be with them more and

They should do right not only because of penalties more and become closely acquainted and touch their hereafter for doing wrong, but also because conlives and see the companions with whom they are formance to the principles of true religious living associated. (We can judge our boys and our girls

makes us happy and better here and now: makes greatly by the companions they keep, as well as by

us better citizens, better friends, better students, their actions in the home.)

better sons, better daughters, better everything. And To be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritwhen we take the opposite view and seek life in ually minded is life and peace—the peace that

questionable pleasures, we find only disappointment. comes by obedience to high principle, the peace that

There is no peace in yielding to the temptation comes by refraining from evil habits, the peace to transgress the laws of virtue and chastity. If that comes by selfmastery over appetite and over

there is one thing in all this world for which we passion, the peace of the gospel of Jesus Christ. To

should be thankful as Latterday Saints, it is that be carnally minded is to be miserable, unhappy, not there is a sentiment, founded upon the solid basis only for the time being, but also to lose part of our of revelation from God, that chastity among the very life. But to be spiritually minded means to

young and old is as sacred as life itself. One of the obey the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ—and

most disintegrating influences today is the feeling to have life eternal and peace.

that is creeping in among young people that they The gospel of Jesus Christ when lived in its fulcan, with impunity, violate the law of chastity. The ness, gives peace, life: physical life, intellectual life,

law of the land may not reach them—they may spiritual life. And to our young people we would

avoid that. Their bishops may not detect their say: Live the gospel of Jesus Christ, for it is the

transgression. But God can. And deep down in science of life revealed from on high, "the power of

their own souls they know that they have lost part God unto salvation."

What Are the Occupations of the Latterday Saints?

& /yn—vViatsoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Theof Latterday1950 census Saintsof the asChurchconductedof JesusunderChristthe somein commercialof their pursuits,interests theyto agriculture.have usuallyThisdevotedhas

auspices of the Presiding Bishopric throws much been done first because of the conditions of the past light on the occupations of Latterday Saints. when farming was a stern necessity for the preservaFrom the beginning of the history of the Church, tion of life and also because of the firm conviction

the people have been essentially of an agricultural that upon tke practice of agriculture rests the safety type. Even if trained for professions or engaged of a community or nation.

fas. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Some years ago about twothirds of the members people are farmers, farm managers, farm laborers, of the Church were farmers or engaged indirectly and farm foremen. Even today the Church mainin the tilling of the soil. The Church census of 1950 tains a preeminence in agricultural pursuits. We

just tabulated and printed in Table I is therefore should all pray that it may continue to be so.

agricultural somewhat surprising—23.30 percent of the people Table II throws further light on the

are engaged directly in agriculture. situation among Latterday Saints. It shows that

This change has come about, of over twentyfive percent of the course, because of the changed people who live on farms make conditions in the country. Protheir living somewhere else, and

portionally, industrial life has that 75.13 percent of those who

outdistanced agricultural life, Evidences live on farms are farmers, tillers, soil. However, many though the dependence of inAND of the

dustry upon agriculture has not people following other pursuits changed. Reconciliations live on farms and enjoy the freeIt may be noted that in Table dom of life that can be enjoyed

II in the missions only about CLXIII on a farm; for example, nearly

nineteen percent of the people one percent of the professional are farmers or enmen of the Church gaged in farming A A I fj /) i I live on farms; two

pursuits. That is Afn, Arndwer to the \csjuest>ions Or UlOVlth and a half percent

due, no doubt, of proprietors, manlargely to the fact that most of the proselyting is agers, officials, etc., live on farms; seven and a half

done in the cities and less in the farming communipercent of the craftsmen of the Church live on ties. farms. There is still a deep love of the land in the

The next largest number of the people, 18.91 hearts of all men and especially of those who

percent, are occupied as craftsmen, foremen, and have joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterkindred workers. Clerical, salesmen, and kindred day Saints. This is greatly appreciated by all who

workers come next, followed by operatives and love the gospel.

kindred workers. The people of the Church must recognize the value

There has been in recent days in the Church a of living on the land. It is more than likely that

distinct shifting from agricultural to industrial life. many of the present problems of society have come

This really is not surprising in view of the changed from man's departure from pursuits that follow conditions in our country, and especially in view agriculture.

of the passing of the pioneer days, when in the Table III is also interesting. It shows what prostakes of Zion agriculture of necessity was the portion of each pursuit live on farms.

dominating pursuit. As the Church moves more and more into the pro-

A study of this table will be of interest to all fessional and industrial fields, let us hope and pray

Latterday Saints who are interested in the progress that the love of the land will remain strong with of the Church. It is interesting to note that in the the people and that the Church will always maintain

United States as a whole only 12.1 percent of the a position of leadership in agricultural pursuits.

Table I OCCUPATIONS OF HEADS OF FAMILIES

AS REPORTED IN 1950 L.D.S. CHURCH CENSUS

Missions Stakes Church Percent of Percent of Percent of

Code Occupation Total Total Total

Professional and Semiprofessional 4.65 5.25 5.12

1 Farmers, Farm Laborers, Owners, and Managers 18.44 25.83 23.30

2 Proprietors, Managers, Officials, etc. 6.08 8.78 8.05

3 Clerical, Sales, and Kindred Workers 9.90 10.49 10.38

4 Craftsmen, Foremen, and Kindred Workers 19.68 18.68 18.91

5 Operatives and Kindred Workers 11.70 9.15 9.98

6 Domestic Service Workers 1.03.43.61

7 Protective Service Workers 2.38 1.69 1.89

8 Service Workers (excl. Domestic and Protective) 3.89 3.02 3.29

9 Laborers (excl. Farm and Mine) 8.70 5.59 6.57

10 Educational Workers 1.52 2.64 2.31

11 Occupations not reported (Retired, Misc., etc.) 12.03 8.47 9.59

TOTAL PERCENT 100.00 100.00 100.00

{Concluded on page 167) MARCH 1952 143 LklAPck OUW15

privilege of Weelderswerewhoonlyhada thehalf dozen, we working with Joseph F. Merrill

during the years he presided over the European Mission. We knew

him well, with the peculiar intimacy that grows between a mission president and his office staff. And when

we learned of his quiet passing while asleep on February 3, 1952, we were stunned with the realization that we had lost a great and loyal friend, such a man, in many respects, as we would never know again.

It was as if a great oak had fallen a roughbarked tree, with solid, straightgrained timber beneath, a tree which occasionally had bruised us when we had been careless, but which also had sheltered us, and from which we had drawn inspiration and strength.

He arrived in London in 1933.

In some respects he was not easy to become acquainted with. He had

the aloofness and precise manner of a general. Smiles were infrequent

those first few days.

His life was almost Spartan. He

lived carefully in a fourth floor apartment, with no elevator. Cold water

for shaving was the invariable rule,

Elder Joseph Francis Merrill although he never objected to our using hot. His meals were simplelittle meat, mostly grains, fruits, and FIRST PRESIDENCY PAYS TRIBUTE

vegetables. He never missed a day

TO ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL from illness, never suffered from a

A nother great stalwart in the defense of truth, has been called cold, never took a nap. Early in the

could hear him in the 7 home—Elder Joseph F. Merrill, a member of the Quorum of the morning we Twelve Apostles. For years he has fulfilled every call made upon him, room above—"One, two, three,

shirking, excusing, complaining. has been a never never never in He his arms he swung four!"—as

service appointment ready of the Lord, in the to meet every minuteman Invariably of an settingup exercises.

given to him, equally ready, in case of emergency, to meet the appointment given to another. evening he walked a mile or so along

His faith was great; his courage, unflinching; his ardor, never waverthe gaslit streets, oblivious to fog

ing. He was bold in denouncing evil. Past associations and affiliations or rain. Morning gymnastics and

meant nothing, where he felt the upholding of right was involved. evening walks, with newspaper readfull store his of ability, great great the brought learning he and Of chief his after were ing each—these priesthood, of restored divinity divinity gospel the the and truths—the tensions the from of relaxation means the regular Smith, succession of from of the mission the Prophet Joseph

the Prophet Joseph to those who have succeeded him as Presidents of of his office.

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, or all the prerogatives,'Impatient of waste, he suggested rights, powers, authorities divinely bestowed upon the Prophet Joseph.

His was a great voice in behalf of righteousness. Over a long and that we turn off the lights when we

active life, he gave his all in the service of the Lord. We shall greatly left the room, and he reminded us

miss his earnest, devoted, neverfailing effort in that work. Truly he that the bills of the mission, were

had, as Paul of old, fought the good fight, finished his course, kept the paid from the consecrations of the faith. Saints will join us in All the a deep sorrow at his passing. Lie people.

Father's to a wellearned in our reward Kingdom. has gone

DAVID O. McKAY He prayed as a humble, thankful

STEPHEN L RICHARDS man, and his requests were modest.

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. His theology was likewise simple. The

The First Presidency February 3, 1952 "mysteries"held no appeal for him.

(For additional tributes see pages 205207) To discuss them was idle speculation.

He dealt with basic fundamentals and 144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA p.CL5$U%9 ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL

by Gordon B. Hinckley

taught as one without shalled against the Mormons of Utah, doubt—yet

with a certain caution, restricting and the Merrills and their neighbors himself to what he could support were made to feel the weight of that from the standard works of the oppressive hand. The family was

Church. large, and dollars were scarce. At

During the first few days of our eleven Joseph carried water to the acquaintance we regarded him as trackgang laying rails into Idaho.

an austere man. In fact, we thought Two summers later he drove a team

him severe. But each morning we with a fresno scraper, building the

knelt with him in prayer. Then we railroad grade.

studied together for an hour, and {Continued on [oilowing page) Joseph Francis Merrill as a young man.

worked through the day. The ice

melted, and we discovered in our president a remarkable warmth and depth—an example of integrity and

loyalty that has helped us over almost a score of years since.

His drive, his Spartan ways, his aloofness, and his searching mind all became understandable when we learned his background—likewise, his

unflinching devotion to the Church, and his loyalty to the faith of his pioneer forebears. And when we

knew of his achievements in the face of great odds, our own young hearts were quickened to higher endeavor.

He did not tell us of these things.

The broad facts were gleaned from published sources, and these were readily at hand for a man of Joseph

F. Merrill's distinction. The more

intimate details were revealed when Dr. Merrill about the time of his marriage. Annie Laura Hyde Merrill

occasionally we shared experiences, as missionaries are wont to do, even men with boys when they are working together in the closeness of missionary life.

He was born August 24, 1868, on a farm near Richmond, Cache County,

Utah. His father was Marriner W.

Merrill, a man of deep convictions who presided over the Logan Temple, and who was later called to the

Quorum of the Twelve. His mother

was Maria L. Kingsbury, a woman of

fine intellect and great resourcefulness. Few of this generation appreciate the anxious years of Joseph F.

Merrill's boyhood. Occasionally in

London conversations he referred to them. They were scarred not only

by the economic struggle to wrest a living from the wilderness; the legal Marriner W. Merrill, father of Maria L. Kingsbury Merrill, mother of

might of the nation was then marJoseph F. Merrill. Joseph F. Merrill.

MARCH 1952 1 45 Brother and Sister Merrill and six of their seven children, about 1910, left to right: Rowland H.; Eugene H.; Elder

Joseph F. Merrill; Annie H. (Ballantyne); Taylor H.; Annie Laura Hyde Merrill; Joseph H. (died in 1918); Edith H.

(Mollinet). The youngest child, Laura, was born after this picture was taken. She passed away in 1950.

Elder Joseph F. Merrill trainingthousand at studentsGranite Seminary.receive religiousWhen

he became Church commissioner of (Continued from preceding page) first with a professorship in physics education, Elder Merrill expanded the

From a country school, he went and chemistry and later made him idea. Today there are one hundred

to the University of Deseret, where dean of the School of Mines and and thirtytwo seminaries and sixteen in 1889 he was awarded a normal Engineering. Here he served until college institutes operating on the

certificate and was thereby qualified 1928, when he was called to become same basic plan first conceived in to teach. But that was not enough. Church commissioner of education. 1912. Joseph F. Merrill, more than

Ann Arbor was next on his itinerary, The University of Utah also conany other man, is recognized as father and in 1893 he received his bachelor ferred upon him, in 1928, an honorof the great seminary system of the of science degree from the University ary doctor of science degree in Church.

of Michigan. While in Ann Arbor recognition of his outstanding achieveOn October 8, 1931, he was sushis qualities for Church leadership ments and loyal service. He has tained a member of the Council of

first emerged. He there served as since received a number of other honthe Twelve. From that time forpresident of the branch. ors for varied scientific achievements. ward, without stint, he gave of his

Returning to Salt Lake City, he In 1912, while serving as a member time and talents to the work of the was named a member of the faculty of the Granite Stake presidency, he Lord, and in that capacity he came of the University of Utah, with an advocated offcampus religious trainto London to preside over the affairs assistant instructorship in physics; he ing for L.D.S. students at Granite of the Church in the missions of

was also sustained a member of the High School. His method was charEurope, South Africa, and Palestine.

superintendency of the Salt Lake acteristic. With approval of his stake We who were with him then have

Stake Y.M.M.I.A. president, he explained the plan to known him since. With his quiet

Intermittently he studied at Cornell the General Authorities of the passing, several of his great qualities and Johns Hopkins, and in 1899 reChurch, who gave their endorsement. have come to our minds. Preeminent

ceived his doctor of philosophy deThen he explored the legal aspects among them was his honesty. He

gree from the latter institution. At of "released time,"and when he was disputed with many, but none could

the same time he was elected to Phi sure of his ground, he approached ever argue his motive or his integrity.

Beta Kappa, honorary scholarship district and state school officials. He was prominent in early Utah

fraternity. The farm boy from Cache His arguments were unassailable, and politics, a tireless worker in one of

Valley had won laurels in three of cooperation was promised. the national parties. But when party

the great universities of the nation. That 1912 beginning grew into an leaders laid aside, as he viewed the

His Utah alma mater rewarded him institution. Today more than a matter, the political philosophy which

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he believed consistent with truth, he physicist and chemist, and he kept He loved life. When we came to

forsook them. Principle was more pace with the latest developments in know him, we found him to be a

important than either party or physical science. But this was only man of genuine warmth. We stood

friends. a beginning. A tireless reader and beside him at Empire soccer matches.

He was thoroughly intolerant of student, he became an authority on We sat together in the stands at all politicians who preached one physiology and hygiene. Few men Wimbledon when the world's great

thing and practised another, and in the Church have been more dewon their tennis laurels. He cheered

without fear or favor he denounced voted to the Word of Wisdom as a and laughed with the rest of us. Tothem in private correspondence and code of health. His devotion came gether we visited many of the scenes

from the public podium. He folof faith in the revelation of God, of England's glory. Such was his

lowed an inflexible rule of complete and he sustained and strengthened occasional recreation.

honesty with his employers. For the that conviction with careful studies Beneath his brusque exterior lay a

thirtyfive years he served on the of the findings of science. compassionate heart. Our London

university faculty, he never missed a In the field of world affairs, he door carried a brass plaque reading, class he was obligated to attend. He could speak with the fluency of an "European Mission."In England that

was inflexible in his punctuality and expert. A knowledge of history and had a "soupkitchen"connotation,

expected his students and associates political philosophy had come of wide and the hungry and poor often rang to be likewise. This was not background reading. But the world the bell. They never went away

simply an oldfashioned schoolpicture is constantly changing, and emptyhanded, and most of what they master's whim; it came of his oldDr. Merrill kept abreast of the changreceived was drawn from President

fashioned code of honesty. ing times. While in England he subMerrill's own pocket. Well do we

When he traveled on expense acscribed to several of the most ably we recall the disheveled young man counts, there was no entertainment. edited newspapers and magazines. who came coatless and penniless, and

Statements were submitted to the Long before the milkman made his who left with a Merrill coat and a exact penny. Those of us who earlymorning rounds, and again late pound note. Many a student has

worked with him came to regard him at night after his evening wark, he been assisted by his beneficence.

as a scrupulously honest man, a man read and clipped these publications. Brother Merrill was a tireless

almost without parallel. London then afforded a ringside seat worker, both as a mission president

His diversity of interests was on the world arena, and Elder Merrill and during the years that followed.

phenomenal. By training he was a was an avid spectator. (Continued on page 203)

Brother and Sister Merrill and the family, children and grandchildren, about 1938.

MARCH 1952 147 THE STORY OF YELLOWFACE

a late of 1950 winter the band by Glen G. Fisher living near Rocky Indians CreeInof

Mountain House, Alberta, CanFORMER PRESIDENT, WESTERN CANADIAN ada, sent word to Latterday Saint MISSION mission headquarters that they desired to see a representative of the

Church. I had heard of this band We had hardly hoped for such Yelloweyes made a lengthy oration

years ago, and of their noted Chief good fortune, and as we proceeded in his native tongue. Finally, the

Yellowface (now deceased), and I that last forty miles, I felt that the chief's sonin-law, acting as interwas anxious to comply with their Lord had surely answered our prayers. preter, said: "Word has reached us

request. Spring came late that year, Mr. Stelfox recalled his last visit that you are an oil man from the

Presicounselor, inbut my first May of the city and great Chief Yellowface, the dying with north—Edmonton.

met and I Whyte, G.dent Gordon business with the Cree is your the had counseled: old Indian What how

in Edmonton, Alberta, to prepare for "In all which you do, think of God Indian?"

a visit to their community. who gives you life."I hastened to explain that I was

trip a hundred south us took oil mis- a but Our not an Mormon man evening that six o'clock It was tfceri westward. As formiles I we. and prepared not sionary. was serves that river the reached we when of direction the in it alongjourneyed shall always but followed, what reservation. for the a as boundary humility feeling of sun, setting athe of great as the one with remain me stream the found our dismay we To to stopped us, life. over and we ofcame experiences spiritual As my car. the with crossed to be high too for safety for and prayer offer a the heard the Mormon, Chief word to decided discussion After we some

at task hand. to to the do his Wewisdom walked arose and bed from he Indians, were of the who one send oldtalk to to an advised I sitting beenhad out held and where was river, of the on side other the on Stelfox of thetimer of Henry name Indians the by his hand. who Most Yelloweyes, to horse his summon a House, at man Mountain silently before stood Rocky sat so now had

tribe. of chief the

Indians, to is the friend true a me, and aroundwho and crowded my and who, it is said, probably knows The Indian soon returned with the heart was filled with thanksgiving as more about the Indians than any message that the sixtyyear-old chief I shook hands with each of them.

man in Canada. During our visit was ill in his cabin but would be The hour that followed was truly

he told us many of his experiences pleased to meet the white men there. a wonderful experience.

with the Crees and his old friend, This was rather discouraging news, Chief Yelloweyes immediately said:

Chief Yellowface, and we were suras neither President Whyte nor Mr. "For many years we wait for Morprised to find that three hours had Stelfox rode horseback. Finally I mons to come and help our people.

passed in what seemed to us only a borrowed a horse, and leaving my Chief Yellowface told us to wait, for few minutes. two companions with the car, I set said he, 'The Mormons have true

As we started to leave, Mr. Stelfox off to meet the chief. A number of religion, and they can be trusted.''

said: "Gentlemen, I can see that you Indian men were already assembled It seemed that Chief Yellowface

are sincerely interested in my friends, in his cabin when I arrived. (Their must have been highly revered by

and I will be pleased to go with you womenfolk remained outside.) My these Indians. His sayings and counto the reservation and show you the invitation consisted of one word, sel had become their law. His inway.""Come,"and I stood in their midst. fluence was a real factor in their lives

and as we talked I thought, surely, this fine old chief was a modern

Moses.

I realized the true reason behind the welcome I had received dated back forty years to the trek made by a part of this band to southern Alberta, and so I was not surprised when Chief Yelloweyes referred to this experience.

He seemed very proud of the fact that he, as a young man, was among this group, and, although only eighteen years of age, the impressions that he received at that time have remained with him and, as he told me the story, I was thrilled *"*L**h beyond words of expression with the accuracy of his account as compared 148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The glamor of the early western days clings to this painting, "Return from the Hunt,"by Gordon Coutts.

with my own knowledge of this oftfew miles below the ranch buildings. refused to accept the dole and be

repeated experience. I questioned They were tired and anxious, for confined to a reserve. Their chief

him carefully on numerous details they had journeyed far and had met and wise counselor "Yellowface,"a and his sincerity and directness left with much abuse from the white man of rare ability and spiritual inno doubt in my mind whatever as settlers who had driven them from clinations, having complete control to the actuality of the story that camping grounds with curses and over his people, replied to the many follows. with insults to their wives and offers made by the government, "We

I would like to acknowledge, with daughters. Three hundred miles they are a free people; our liberty is not

gratitude, the source of my informahad traveled from the north in search for sale."When offered treaty money

tion: Mrs. Olaf Olson, now living in of a people whom the Great Spirit by the government, he said: "Any

Picture Butte, Alberta; the late Bishhad shown in a vision to one of their time you get something for nothing

op James S. Parker of Salt Lake City; young men, of a people who had a you surrender your freedom or a part

and Chief Yelloweyes, chief of the book that would tell them of their of your liberty."They maintained

Cree Indians who live near Rocky forefathers and of the Great White their independence until only a few

Mountain House, Alberta. Much of Spirit. years ago when the government finalthe story will be told in their own There was only a part of the tribe ly forced them to accept a tract of

words. camped on the river, with about country or lose their hunting grounds.

thirty tepees and possibly two hunThe year 1908 was a difficult year

TVJestled in the foothills of the Rockdred souls. The rest of the tribe for this little band. Because of their

ies in southwestern Alberta is a were back in their camping grounds refusal to sign a treaty they were large ranch owned and operated by in the north, a little over one hunforced back into the foothills. Huntthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdred miles east of Edmonton. ing was scarce and, as winter apday Saints. This ranch is from three The Crees are a tribe of Indians of proached, Yellowface and his band

to seven miles wide, and some thirty higher intelligence and moral charspent much of their time in search miles in length, including in all acter than the average in northern of wild game to be cured for the long 66,000 acres. Alberta. During the signing of months of winter. It was during one

In late September 1908, a band treaties by the various tribes with of these hunts that a miraculous exof Cree Indians pitched their tepees the government of Canada, they perience occurred. Yellowface had

on the banks of the Belly River a maintained their independence and (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1952 149 THE STORY OF YELLOWFACE (Continued from preceding page) that this little band finally reached please them very much. Before they

taken a number of his braves, leaving the Church ranch, and camped on left, without really knowing why, I his young son in charge of the camp. the Belly River within a short disfixed some parcels of food for them,

A few days after Yellowface had left, tance of the raneh house. They bread, beans, sugar, and dried fruit.

this young man took suddenly ill were guided by the Lord, and their Perhaps it was because my heart went and seemed to grow steadily worse. great faith was soon to be rewarded, out to them, they seemed so tired

He told the people who waited upon for on the following morning four and lost and poor.

him that he knew he was going to die cowboys riding from the ranch spied "The next morning the same two and begged them not to bury him the camp and, out of curiosity, rode women came to the ranch house, until his father returned, or until down among them. The Indians at this time they had a very old lady

every spot on his body was cold. first were afraid that they had come with them. This old lady had a very

He apparently died, and they kept to order them to move on, but to young baby in her arms. I think

him in his tent for three days. There their surprise these men were unit would be about three weeks old;

was still a spot of warmth over his usually friendly. They bought some she was its grandmother. The child's

heart and under his left arm. At the moccasins, gloves, etc., from the Inmother had died, and they wanted

close of the third day Chief Yellowdians and paid no undue attention milk for the baby.

face returned. He viewed his son's to the women, and on leaving, in- "Just a few months before this

body and felt of the warmth over vited them to come up to the house. time we had lost our beautiful, ninehis heart. He then took a vessel of Here, with joy, Yellowface witmonths-oldbaby boy of pneumonia.

oil and moistened the boy's lips, nessed a partial fulfilment of the This was a great trial and heartbreak letting a few drops pass between the signs. Had not these young men for us to go through, and so when

lips. He offered a prayer and, as manifested a spirit of kindness and I saw this little baby, and these peohe stood and watched his son, the honor? Their faith was renewed, ple so poorly dressed and with winternerves in the boy's face began to a council was held, and two of the so close, I could not help wondering

twitch, and he gradually regained women were sent over to the ranch why my little one had to be taken consciousness. The old chief raised house, apparently on a friendly visit, and this child left without a mother?

him up, putting blankets under his but possibly to make sure that the This was a lovely baby and the old head; they fed the boy some broth, sign was certain. lady let me take it in my arms. I

and finally he was able to speak to The ranch foreman at this time held it to my heart, walking the floor, his father. was Bishop James S. Parker of Mounand turned and asked the old lady,

He told his father that he had tain View who, because of his ward in the language of the Blood Indians, been to the Happy Hunting Ground duties and other interests, was absent how much she wanted for this and, as he was walking along, a man from the ranch a great deal of the papoose. The old lady waited for a

came toward him carrying a book time. A man and his wife, Mr. and second, and then she pointed to

in his hand. He held the book up Mrs. Olaf A. Olson, were living on Oliver, my son, who was then about

and said, "This book is a record of the ranch in charge while Bishop five years old, and asked, how much your forefathers. Tell your father Parker was absent. for your papoose. I felt my face

I hair. of roots to the red grow my of histo take people some and travel arrived at the squaws two When

I that clothes of baby's thought my untilsouth find they the people who the Mrs. house Olson them made

I got some and went away. put had thishave book."boy asked The tells In welcome. her she words own

I forget will never of them. how theyhow would they know when of incident. "I pleased the very was

for that ached yearned heart and myhad the right found people and the to see them, taught and I had been little I put while on baby a warm replied:messenger will allow "They as to to a child them, be good and

stockings shirt, and the pinned up to fish,you camp, their hunt and on friends Indian good had we many little booties. the Nor put on warmland; they will not to seek destroy the Indians the Blood on among

I forget look of thankwill ever the ofthe virtue your wives and daughReservation. so a I prepared And

faces in their fulness happiness andters; will they invite into their you I for as this lunch them would knew

little I sweater and a put on whenhomes and welcome, make you and treat you as sisters and brothers; they bonnet and wrapped the baby in a

it back towill give you food and clothing."warm shawl and gave

The messenger then gave a descripthem."

tion of the man to whom they must Another sign was fulfilled.

go, and to none other, and cautioned Within a few days Yellowface and the young boy to tell all of these some of his braves came over to the things to his father. Soon after the ranch and asked for permission to

boy delivered this message he died hunt and trap. Olaf Olson gave them

and was buried. permission, subject to the approval

of the foreman, who as yet was not

Chief Yellowface wasted no time.

He called his people together and Stillawareanotherof the signarrivalwasof fulfilled,the Indians.and

plans were made to go in search of Yellowface and his band were satisthe people who had a history of fied that they had found the people their forefathers. they were looking for.

And so it was not by mere chance (Continued on page 180) 150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What started you coming to Church?

that their explained a previously, put before was questionThis "It little different. story was a couples at a of married group

Sunday evening fireside. Some seems that many of you started

of the answers proved to be revealcoming to Church because you ing and thoughtprovoking, inaswanted your children to be intermuch as many have experienced ested,"the brother remarked. "My

periods of inactivity in the Church, wife and I started because our and nearly all have friends and dear children begged us to. They had

ones they would like to see active. been attending Primary with a

One sister answered, "I was neighbor girl who was a Latterday raised in the Church and attended Saint. Sometimes they went to

out of habit with the family. HowSunday School with her, although

ever, after my marriage and the arwe often sent them to the church rival of our five children, I dropped their mother belonged to. However,

out of the habit. I suppose I bethey enjoyed the L.D.S. Sunday

lieved I was too busy. When we School most. One day they asked

moved to this community, I had a us, 'Which church is the right one?'

neighbor who was talented and ac- "That put us on the spot. Their

tive in the ward, a pleasantly agmother couldn't say she knew hers gressive woman. One morning early was right, and I didn't know. The

she telephoned me. 'Are the chilonly way to find out was to start

dren off to school? You ready to attending Church with the children,

relax a few minutes? I'm coming—Photogr tf. Lambert. as they had so long begged us to.

over to have breakfast with you!'We found you people so helpful

"Across the table she talked to mission and been married in the in answering our questions and so me about the people in the ward, temple. "After that,"he stated, friendly in every way that we were

about the different organizations "there followed a period of inactivimpressed. Soon the stake misand what they were doing. She ity. I'll tell you what started me sionaries began calling, and through

informed me that she would stop by coming to Church. It was an elder their teachings we learned that this

on Tuesday to take me to Relief who had been assigned the specific is the true Church of Jesus Christ."

Society. That was the beginning job of getting me back. He had a "My parents were both memof my return to Church. Later I little threeby-fiveinch card with bers,"one member related, "but

served as counselor in the Relief my name and record on it. The after my mother's death, my father

Society to this woman, who today first time he called, he was so lost interest completely. None of

is my dearest friend."nervous and illat-ease that I felt us went to Church. I don't know

it if I hadn't today be would for promised him where him and in the of sorry presidency counselor A for came man, good one who been I'd to meeting. out come filled elders'a mission quoruman

I old years and twelve was when

I It in the temple. didn't.arwl long "Aftmarried wasn't was "Well, the into father back led simply my

I until selfcon- married, back,er became he more work was was my Church."

the most important thing in scious than ever, embarrassed at my life,"he recalled. muchAnotherinterestedsister in wasthe neverChurchveryal-"When we came here,

life I was on a new job in Qertain happenings in one's a new territory, and my become treasured memories to cherish foremost thought was throughout the years. Lucky are they who

to make a success. Consequently, have golden ones.

I neglected the Church for two or three years. The few times I did having to urge me to attend Church.

go out, I thought people seemed Watching the poor man, I thought though she had gone a little when unfriendly. When we moved into to myself, if he is willing to go she was young. "After marrying

this ward, I decided to go out and through all this agony just to try outside the Church, I dropped out see what the people here were like. and reactivate me, the least I can completely,"she said. "I worked

I found them not only friendly but do is keep my word. I did. I in a shop where a certain woman

also interested in me and my family. think the first time out, they grabbed came in quite often, an L.D.S.

In no time they had put me to me for a teaching job, and I've Church member. Somehow she

work, and I've been busy ever never stayed away since."learned that I, too, was a Lattersince."A young couple who, with their day Saint, and began inviting me

Another man, president of an three daughters, had been baptized out to Relief Society and various elders'quorum, had also filled a into the Church a few months (Continued on page 172)

MARCH 1952 151 THE CHALLENGE OF LEADERSHIP By A Mia Maid Class*

principles they teach and that they be about us, for if they do, they at least good church members themselves. try to understand our point of view

Usually, if we admire a person, we and are interested in the questions try to be like her, perhaps not just we want to ask and in our ideas.

exactly, nor in every way, but almost We like leaders who are good sports unconsciously we imitate the behavior and know how to have a good time of anvone we like a great deal. So along with us and join in the fun

we think a teacher should set us a at our parties. It makes us feel regood example and be willing to do sentful when leaders nag and com-

—Monkmeyer what she asks us to do. One girl plain at us all the time and act as

summed this up in these words, "I if "we should be seen but not heard,"like leaders who mean what they or if they make us feel afraid to say

Usually it is the teacher who say, who practise what they teach, or do anything. We want our leaders

passes judgment on the students and who live the.lessons they give."to help us do what is right, but we

and gives out the A's and B's. Of course we don't expect our don't like them to embarrass us in

But in our Mia Maid class we turned leaders to be perfect, and we don't front of our friends or to make big the tables and applied a rating of our like them to pretend to be. We want issues out of trifles, especially when

own to our leaders. them just to be themselves, and to be we do some little thing that we don't

This year some new leaders were honest and sincere about it and not intend to be disrespectful or wrong appointed for our class. They asked try to make us think that they are at all.

us to try to define for them the kind something they're really not. We

of leadership we like best and find admire them more, too, if they're not Fairness is another quality immost helpful. So each girl in the too proud to admit that they have portant to us. If a teacher has a

class wrote on an unsigned paper made mistakes and don't insist that few favorites and she calls on them her own ideas about what good they are always right just because for everything, the others in the class leadership means, what she does they are the teachers. soon begin to dislike both the leader

and does not like leaders to do, and Leaders who are sincerely friendly and the favored ones. After awhile

her own leadership responsibilities in and are interested in us, not only in they feel so left out they don't even the*class. A few weeks later we had class but all the time, also win our want to come to the class. Sometimes

a class discussion based on a summary appreciation. One girl wrote on her some of the girls themselves want to

of what we had written, and some paper, "I like a leader who underdo everything, but we think leaders additional suggestions were made. stands me and will tell me when I'm should see that every girl has a

feel of us chance. shy about Some like "I of to line"; another: decided getting compile out our ideas We

still to be volunteering, but want we I tryinto article that this in understands the hope what a leader who other groups of Mia Maids and their to put over to her and helps me in in on things.

leaders might be interested in some of my way."We don't think a leader's appearthe things we think help to make a Naturally we can't expect other ance is as important as the way she

class more successful. people to understand exactly how we acts, although we like her to be neat

feel because they have lived different and to feel that the class is important

Ane of the most important things lives from those we have, but it is enough for her to want to look her to us is that leaders live the easy to tell if our leaders really care best. Her age doesn't matter so much

*A1I members of the Mia Maid class of Providence First Ward, Mount Logan Stake, contributed to this article, both through writing and discussion. However, a volunteer committee

assumed the major responsibility for putting it together. Ardean Dattage, Pat Roth, Ruth Alder,

Mildred Scheiss, Melva Leonhardt, and Janis Leonhardt, were the writing committee. Other

members of the class are Iris Hatch, Kathryn Zollinger, Joan Ashliman, Rhodell Theurer, Ana

Marie Theurer, Shanna Stirland, Kathryn Campbell, Karen Barkle, Diane Theurer, and Nadine

Peterson. The class leaders are Mrs. Cleo Alder, Mrs. Marion Demler, and Mrs. Angelyn Wadley.

% r o u L tk e5 YOUTH...

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to us, either, if she has these other Class members can show leadership we recognize it as one of our own qualities and is humble in trying to in giving support and attention and goals in this class, we will help them.

do a good job. by being interested listeners as well A man driving cattle across an unas in expressing ideas. If recognized fenced prairie can't make much

\17e truly appreciate the efforts of leaders among the girls come into progress in the direction he's trying all of the leaders who have the classroom showing reverence and to go if he must constantly be riding worked with us in the various organrespect for the place and occasion, off to the side to round up strays.

izations. We aren't being critical of the others are apt to follow their Neither can a class leader accomplish

any individual, but as we look back example. In any class, there might much if she is having to "ride herd"

over our experiences, we can't help be several individuals exerting leaderall the time on her class. The reremembering how some have inspired ship at the same time. This is all sponsibility for avoiding this waste

us more than others. One thing that right if they are all working in of time and energy must be shared

makes a big difference in this regard harmony, but if leaders among the by the teacher and the class. Attenis the leader's ability to present a girls are pulling in opposite directions, tion is less apt to stray if the leader

lesson well. Almost every girl in our with some trying to cooperate with is well -prepared and keeps things

class mentioned on the paper she the teacher and others creating a moving. On the other hand, we know

wrote the importance of leaders'makdisturbance or objecting to everything that a leader can do a better job and ing careful and adequate preparation. suggested, the other members of the concentrate on her teaching if she

We soon lose interest when they class must decide which leadership knows she can count on our support make excuses time after time about they will follow. and help. For a good class, "We need

not being prepared and then just Leadership might be strong and participation and cooperation, but not read to us out of the book. effective and yet not good because it competition."

In our class discussion we agreed leads in the wrong direction. We

that we like to have some of the have all met people who might pro- *\TU rE all liked a definition quoted by material read, if we have a chance fess to believe the principles of our one member of our group, "A to talk about it, too. Some of the Church and who have pleasing pergood leader is not one who does the

girls suggested that the material in sonalities but who are not strong work of ten, but one who gets ten to the book is one point of view, and enough to resist the influence of work."We want to add the idea,

some parts are worded better than worldly evils. They try to win others "makes ten want to work."

anyone can retell them, but if the to indulge with them and say to us, The word leader implies going leader adds her comments, we get "Oh, come on. What will it hurt?"ahead of us, rather than driving from

of ideas, will all or, know."two sets if then and "Nobody They may we like behind. leaders who show We deal to talk a great of leadership a chance buthave the have about subthe right yet respect us our and way

ject, we get even more out of it. If lack the judgment and sense of refree agency and independence. Dic-

a leader usually prepares the lesson sponsibility that should go with it. tator leaders drive people to do things,

resist tell is sowell she it or let leadership can us discuss bad One way to history but all through wars down if qualitiesit, but really occasion to develop our on she some of good own fought, the been and even have war hasn't time to study it and has to leadership, and our Mia Maid Class in heaven was fought against dicit to in class, practise. placeread If our is one good we think we should tatorship. that admit being We

this ashelp see her of courteous purpose by being one and leaders pulled pushed and makes too much listening carefully, but we don't think our class, they will help us. And if rebellious. like us feel to do We

thislessons presented are usually way activities. of the of our planning some

very effective. Then we feel it's really our class,

to tell like leaders of their us We personal this as experiences,own adds HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER ratherand thethanleaderthatis it'stherehertoclass,help andus, interest, but we don't like them to do By Alma Robison Higbee we must go to support her.

it boastfully or to brag about their own families in a way that makes us ONCE she hhad dreamed of strange and Good leadership helps others tofeel inferior. alien thi ngs; develop. We appreciate leaders who

tinkle bells of packtrain where The moungive responsibilities us and encourage leaders to insist order rise on tains We like us to do the best we can. We know Tibet, In far or bright birds spreadingbefore lesson, they give the but we

to that learning plan and wings work and also think lesson the that making Where is jungle poison blooms in orchid play happily together and grow really interesting disguise, best the is one of ways to keep the class under control. Of myrrh and musk the way Jesus taught. It is the way

And thistle dusk of our Church and the way of deAnd hills that lie beneath Judean skies. mocracy. Personal growth and

TVTany of the things we have been spiritual development are important saying apply to us, too, for in The years were fleet, and they have bound purposes of our life upon this earth.

a democratic group such as this her fast appreciate the leaders most So we its sets bar; duty where narrow wayseveryone has some responsibility. The To

first lost, bright but That now, dream was in faith, help strength, us to grow wholeadership is constantly shifting. Each last, at

girl who participates in the lesson She leads young hearts to distant lands and abilities, and help us to develop and far, personalities in our qualities the owndiscussion or adds an who in hand idea in As hand of that will leadership good enable of activitythe planning becomes an band A happy the leader for a few moments while Of pilgrims climb the summit of a star. us to help ourselves and to help

she holds the attention of the group. others.

MARCH 1952 153,,,,. y -.—.

Until We Reach the VALLEY by Bertha H. Woodland,

Conclusion

—From a painting by Henri MoserForfort,threecloudsdays,hadsincehungleavingheavythe

around the horizon, and snow her mother in her arms and pleaded, Christina sat entranced at the could be seen on distant Laramie "Oh, God, please let her talk, like words of cheer and consolation the fainted father twoPeak. had Tina's the gave. reminded dies!"speakers just she before They once Mamma, pulled most to be had agodays and faith their through Saints that only in soft the and low was A voice out stuck toes time. Their theof

relief It they come. sang Then tent. would Mamma's. Mamma's was

the biscuit-a-day their shoes,of and face. breath on her was The

little pull warm to tooration sadly was come, ye Saints; no toil nor labor Come, little Tina; brave, voice said, "Be

fear, ginger the with on, evena handcart tea the captain occasionally brewed press on to the valley, and Knute. But with joy, wend your way. Build us a nation in Zion. Only Though hard, to you, this journey mayfor them.

kinghearts can build God's appear, family had stout third her day The filled Silence the west."dom in shall be as your day. the Grace biscuit for supper. their Thesaved

tent, ceased, the breath and warm loins, take, fresh Gird courage your up blaze to barelycampfires begun had laid tenderly the head Tina down will forsake; never us Our God of blast rain with a the camewhen

pillow. the on this, joy, will swell; hearts your and Do girlchill a brought wind. The the bodies a In dozen morning is all All is well. well, it the coals of on hungbucket and

graves. in shallow lay were Men

tent hook, up in the center, for its captain to dig After'a strong prayer for relief, deep. The too weakmeager warmth. There was no stood with his rifle to shoot occaand for faith among the Saints, the

meeting on account of the storm; sionally at the buzzards, to keep meeting closed. She turned to getso the family lay down in damp them from the graves until the hold of Hans and take him home,

beds, eating their biscuits.

there. not services they but could end. he have was may He When In the morning a foot of snow

visit to "Christina but Viggo, gone body, she dared covered Mamma'scovered the ground. When the was hearing the voice in the tent not go to Asa's wagon alone aftercaptain shouted, "Get up!"everyand holding Hans and Viggo to dark. She went toward her tentone arose but her father. He had her while they sobbed pitifully. and found Hans already sleeping

died during the bitter cold night.

soundly. sticking toes out of were Their

in a brethren him sewed The their to shoes, necessary and it was In the breaking dawn she wentsheet, the train delayed was and wear the wooden ones they had to the creek with her bucket andwhile he was lowered into his shalax. A little warm water for breaklow grave. Wolves howled omibrought to wear in the valley. They

were forced to wear more of their fast had a magic vigor. While shenously on the nearby buttes. Hans

heavy clothes against the bitter cold was swinging her ax at the thick,burst into convulsive sobs, and his ice, a voice behind hersister led him tenderly into the tent, but not the pretty blue wooden stubborn while the women comforted her shoes from friend Frederick. drawled tormentingly, "Yo* sure

mother and Vig.go. Under the wooden shoes the 'nuf need someone to see after you.

Then the train moved on. Ansnow clogged and rubbed their There's a hole not ten feet away."

other spoke cracked in the handheels and ankles. Viggo's lame foot She went to the open water hole,

cart, and Christina wondered why bled, and then it finally swelled giving him no answer. He continued,

Asa Fowler didn't come to help. until he could not get his clogs on. "But I don't suppose it'll be no betBack at the fort, she noticed that When the captain saw Christina ter in the valley. Accordin'to Andre

he was not once in sight and had pulling and Hans pushing him on Lafon there's nary a single man never come to help them since they the cart, he ordered Asa to make left."Her piercing, hollow eyes

left there. room in his wagon for him to ride. asked who that might be. "He's

When they camped that night, That night the bugle called the that feller who brought the mail to

Mamma just stared, in spite of all Saints to meeting, but Hans reCamp Ioway. Andre says there

they did to rouse her. Christina orfused to go. His sister argued so ain't no single wimmin, neither.

dered the boys to the meeting; then long that, in fear of being late, Brigham's done got 'em all married

she fell beside the bed and took she took his arm and pulled him. up in polygamy."

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mechanically she put some water this* When you fall you must unless we have food for ourselves to heat in a small blackened bucket shout—shout!"and our animals. I have faith that

and went to see Viggo. The swolHis numb legs buckled under him, help will arrive and ask you all to

len legs were smaller but had sevand she knelt down and rolled him join me in spirit as I pray God eareral boils on them. She was conon her back and stumbled to her nestly that it will be soon. We will

sidering hot packs when the captain feet and on to the cart. She tucked close our meeting by singing, 'O

ordered an eight mile hike to the the damp blankets around him and Ye Mountains High,'after which red buttes before camp that night. started on the last tortuous mile Brother Scott will dismiss us."

Christina heard a father of ten toward the bluffs, thanking ProviDuring the night a violent pain children ask the captain if he really dence that it was mostly downhill. struck Christina in her stomach.

believed help would come. "Keep The wagon train had gone ahead. To cry for help would waken Hans,

your eyes to the west, brother,"the Trudging down the knoll Christina who had just fallen asleep.

captain answered. The kindness in saw them from the camp circle. She She set her teeth and curled up

his voice filled her sunken bosom. observed that the circle was only a tighter. The wolves howled furiThis man had ten children to fourth as large as it had once been. ously on the bluffs. Calling for

look westward for; she had nothWagons had been left, and suphelp was useless; food was the only

ing but spinsterhood. But Hans plies and teams were doubled as the help, and that was far away in the

it may be that he would yet oxen weakened, and now the valley, beyond the frozen mounlive to help build the nation of doubled teams fell in the yoke betains—the valley, where Knute

Mamma's dying wish. She took fore her eyes. was... and his women! It was as

her place at the cold iron bar and At supper the Saints used their well to be wolf bait as to live in slowly, painfully moved one wooden last flour to thicken the stew. Broth this eternity of anguish. Viggo was

shoe ahead of the other. from starved ox meat promised litalmost beyond help, and Hans was

The noon halt found them about tle but the continual internal misery too weak for ox stew. But they

five miles nearer the bluffs, and they had suffered since food began could not go on, and the Saints drinking their last ginger tea. to be scarce, for both man and knew that help would not come in

About a mile farther on, someone beast. The biscuits were gone, too. time.

in the wagon train close behind was There was only stew, and they all The pain eased, but she could shouting at a fallen ox to stand up. ate it. not sleep for the perpetual imagiThe girl turned her eyes indifHans and his sister huddled on nary squeak, squeak, squeak of

ferently toward the desperate driver. a fallen tree trunk beside the big greaseless wooden cart wheels.

"Hans!"He wasn't behind the cart. fire, thawing the clumps of snow They squeaked so much worse in

She ran back, stumbling through from their shoes, when the bugle the snow than they had in the tall the deep snow, with solid bulges called for meeting. waving grass of the prairies. Bacon

of it under her clogs. "Hans!"she The captain arose before the fire, rinds had helped some the short

screamed. solemn and sad of countenance. while they lasted.

A short distance back she found "My beloved brethren and sisters, If it were not the Lord's will that him, almost covered with snow. She we can go no farther. The snow in she die tonight, she must save the

jerked him up. "You must not do yonder mountain passes is too deep boys, somehow. In the morning she

would go to Asa Fowler and plead with him to try to make it back to the fort with the boys and her. His

money might tempt the Saints to sell their useless cattle. Asa had

wanted her, all along the trail, maybe just in pity, and she would shield him at the fort. She didn't want

him, but she didn't want Hans and

Viggo to die.

She awoke at dawn and started for the wagon. A skeleton in rags,

with hair of a young man came sobbing from his tent and went to the captain's wagon. She peered in

the tent. A wan young mother lay

with her cold lips pressed to her baby's caved cheek. The baby's

bony arm was thrown across her neck, and its lips clung to her skinny breast. "A nation in Zion!"she said bitterly.

A crowd was gathering by the captain's wagon. She pushed her

clogs faster. The captain was say-

(Continued on page 170) Daughter Knows Best

by

out only He cried once.. but Carol was alLeone E. McCune over him. bending ready

ith quick and expert effiat top speed, moving clothes from ciency, Helen Armstrong the closet of the bedroom which was put the last pieces of to be Carol's, and crowding them into silver and china on the her's and Bart's and into the boys'dinner table. "Next week closet in the basement. They

I'll be setting three places at table,"wouldn't be home for two months, she mused. at least.

The telephone rang shrilly, and She arranged and rearranged she went to answer it. She sat down furniture. The baby's bed must be

on the small chair by the phone, a out of any possible draft. "Precious

trim figure in her gay print, as pretty little Jimmie,"she thought. He was

and neat as her lovely house. Her three months old now, and she

hand smoothed her dark upswept hadn't seen him since he was six hair. weeks old.

"Maud!"she exclaimed into the Everything was in perfect order

telephone. "How nice to hear from when Carol's train arrived on Saturyou! Dinner, you say? It sounds day.

Carol exclaimed,marvelous, but we can't possibly "Mom—Dad!"

I glad to seecome. I'm so sorry. Carol and the hugging them. "Am

baby are coming home. The house you! Jimmie didn't enjoy his first

they were living in has been sold, train ride at all. He fussed nearly

and they can't find another place to all day. How do you like your

live.... Yes, yes, it is too bad. Of—Farrell R. Collett grandson? Hasn't he grown?"She

course we'll love having them.... held the baby up, smiling at him

She'd want me to go, of course, but "Oh, no, dear, but I could hardly proudly and possessively.

I wouldn't leave her. I'm looking wait to tell you. A letter just came Helen and Bart looked tenderly

forward to grandmothering, you special delivery. Carol is coming at the baby, and he looked back at

know."She laughed lightly. "I home."them from dark blue eyes set in a

shan't be able to do another thing Bart relaxed now and hung his round pink and white face.

while they're here. Thanks a million coat and hat in the hall closet. "Isn't he beautiful?"Helen said in

though for thinking of us. Come and "Well, it's a good thing Carol awe.

see Carol and the baby. 'Bye now."has a home to come back to,"he ob- "Look, Dad, his hair is coming in

Helen set the phone in its cradle. served. "Too bad Jim couldn't come auburn like Jim's. It was black at

She wished Bart would hurry and with her."first."

come home. Walking into the liv- "He'll be comfortable at the hotel, "Quite a fella, by George,"said

ing room, she went to the window and he'll have to stay and look for Bart, chucking him under the chin and looked out. another place,"said Helen. and grinning with pride.

all Carol's There he was, his long legs swing- "Let's see,"figured Bart, "if Carol When they finally got

Bart looked to the car belongings at o'clock Glenville sevening the carried his leaves down street—he "I should have aghast. at them over, arrive here Saturday, she shouldtopcoat over one arm and had removed his hat. His blond head was four."hired a truck,"he said. Bathinette,

lifted in an attitude of keen enjoy- "And here it is Wednesday and basinette, baby buggy, bags for botment of the soft spring evening. I'll have to change the whole house tles, diapers, and clothes were

into the car. Helen went into the hall and around—at least the bedrooms,"jammed

opened the front door. Helen amended. "The highchair and playpen will

said. express,"Carol "He let leave Carol come by not it and "Why Bart,""Hurry, she called, "we I awhile, but them for fix need won't things the wants them?"way she a letterhave Carol."from

Bart asked. had no other place to put them."

Bart quickened his steps along the "Oh, I couldn't do that. I want Helen thought of the small closet

path and in a few moments stood in everything in order before she arand the nottoo-large bedroom and the hall. His anxious gaze swept rives."wondered a bit wildly where she

her face. "I imagine she's quite capable;"wouldput everything.

"Nothing wrong is there?"Bart Bart smiled. The first night passed quite unquestioned. "Just the same, she'll be glad to eventfully, the baby sleeping from

Helen held up a smiling face for have me take care of them."exhaustion and the sheer relief of

his kiss. The next two days Helen worked being in a quiet room.

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He cried out only once. Helen One day when Helen came home come from her husband, Jim. He

was in the room in a few minutes, but after doing the marketing, she found had been unable to find an apartment

Carol was already bending over him. Carol in the kitchen feeding Jimmie but was still looking and hoping.

A pale blue robe hung loosely over pureed beets. She was incredulous. Most of that time Carol had been

her small figure, her dark softly "Why, I never heard of such a cheerful and happy. There were a

curled hair fell in a cloud over her thing as giving beets to a tiny baby,"few times, however, when her spirits shoulders. she exclaimed. were low, and her parents had been

In the dim light of the shaded lamp "But it's in the baby book, and at their wits'end to try to cheer her.

she looked so young. "She's only a the doctor recommends it,"Carol "I don't see why she can't be

child herself,"Helen thought said. happy here with us,"Helen lamented

tenderly. "I'd like to make him that soup to Bart.

Carol turned to smile at her of lentils, carrots, potatoes, and beans He looked at her with that familiar mother. that I used to feed you children. I'll quizzical expression in his blue eyes.

"Go back to bed, Mom; he'll be all make him some tomorrow.""For a woman of forty plus,"he

right. Just wants to be turned over,""But, Mother, why? It takes so grinned and raised his eyebrows,

she said softly. much time and trouble. These pre- "you're not so sharp. Would you

The baby made small sounds again. pared foods are so much easier."have been happy to leave me and

"He wants his bottle. I'll get it and take Carol home to your mother?"

put it on to warm."Helen started "She doesn't think any of my ideas "Of course not, but Mother had

off quickly to go to the kitchen. are any good at all,"Helen comfive others besides me. They couldn't

"No, Mother, it isn't feeding time. plained to Bart that evening. "She have done much for me."

Go back to bed, or we'll really have forgets I brought her up to be a fine "I think all Carol needs is underhim awake."specimen of health. She reads those standing. It's hard for her,"said

"Well,"Helen said and stood a baby books constantly. She won't Bart.

little uncertainly, "if you're sure you do anything without consulting the "Yes, I know. She does miss Jim."

don't need me."But Carol gave her book.""Little Jimmie had been wondermother a gentle push toward the fully well, and then one morning

door. something upset him. Everything was

The next day Helen bustled about in a turmoil for more than an hour.

insisting upon making the formula Helen came rushing into the bedand giving Jimmie his bath. room. Above the baby's screams she

"But, Mother,"Carol protested, "I spoke to Carol.

love giving him his bath.""Now, don't be upset, dear, I'll

"Of course, but you can relax a take care of him. I'll give him a

bit and let me help."warm bath and some peppermint

But Helen was nervous, and the drops to soothe him. Hand me the

baby began howling so loud before thermometer and I'll take his tempershe had finished that Carol had to ature."

take over. She picked up the baby, rocking

The days passed quickly. They him back and forth, patting him on

took the baby on walks when the the back.

days were warm. Sometimes Helen "Poor little man,"she crooned,

took care of Jimmie while Carol "poor little man."

visited with her old friends. The baby stiffened and screamed

"Let's take in a show tonight,"louder than ever. She laid him on

Bart said as he came in one evening. the bed. His little body arched and

"There's a good one at the Parahis eyes rolled back in his small red mount."-*RA face.

Helen looked up from the pile of "&X>-r Carol bent a strained face above baby clothes she had been folding. him. She said, "I'm sure it's the

"Oh, I couldn't go and leave Bart's eyes twinkled, and he nodded colic. The book says when the eyes

Carol, dear. Why don't you go if his head up and down teasingly. roll back like that, it's one of the

you like. I'll stay and keep her "Smart gal, our Carol. She might symptoms. I'll get some towels hot

company."just turn out to be a lot wiser than and put on his tummy."

"She'd want you to go. How about her mother."She went quickly to the drawer

it, wouldn't you like Mom to go to "Why, I'm twice her age,"and brought one and placed it on the show, Carol?"he called. snapped Helen. "Aren't you supthe hot. plate she kept in the bedAnd Carol answered from the bedposed to grow wiser as you grow room.

room. older?"In the middle of the commotion

"Of course, Mom, do go. I shan't "Well,"Bart drawled—Bart came home for lunch.

be the least bit lonely. Dad, make "Oh, skip it,"said Helen. "Well, well,"he said much conher go."cerned, "let's see if his old granddad

But Helen wouldn't leave Carol, Almost two months had passed can help him."

so Bart made a belated call on his since Carol brought the baby He took off the towel and picked aged uncle. home. Every few days a letter had (Continued on page 190)

MARCH 1952 157 The Arizona Temple at Mesa, Arizona—Edward 0. Anderson, Church Architect

POMEROY Family GENEALOGY CONCLUSION From A Study By Frank T. Pomeroy

few weeks before leaving for the hundredfold by this appointment, and Lake City, and with the help of rela-

A ISouthernfound a StatespamphletMissionby Dr.in 1895,Wilwillpromiseloseturnednothing."out to Howbe. true this tivespeopledidonthemytemplegenealogicalwork forcharts.these

liam Woodbride Rodman of New Mississippi at that time was said Once more in Mesa, Arizona, I was

Haven, Connecticut, who had made to be the "graveyard of the South."soon at work at what was to prove

quite an exhaustive study of his wife's But that year the Lord stayed the to be a lifetime of service to the family, the Pomeroys. Arriving at yellow fever scourge. Church in priesthood, genealogical,

the mission headquarters in ChattaAs soon as I had the missionary and auxiliary organization service.

nooga, Tennessee, I made the sugwork well in hand, I wrote Dr. RodDr. Rodman had interested his

gestion that "if it was consistent man saying that I did not know anyPomeroy relatives living in Conwith the feelings of the mission presithing about heredity, but that I liked necticut in gathering their genealogy.

dent and the will of the Lord, I would his summation of the characteristics After his death, his widow, Anna appreciate being sent to a district as of the Pomeroy family. After some Grosvenor Pomeroy Rodman, took

far northeast as possible, that I additional correspondence he sent me the compiled records to another relamight go to Connecticut at the comthe ancestry of my father, Francis tive, George Eltweed Pomeroy, a pletion of my mission"to see this Martin Pomeroy (See The Improvewealthy man of Toledo, Ohio, and man about the Pomeroy genealogy. ment Era, February 1952, p. 91), requested that means be provided to

But I was assigned to labor in the back to Eltweed Pomeroy, the first continue the work. Impressed with

state of Mississippi, the farthest from of the family to come to America, the work already done, Mr. Pomeroy

Connecticut of any district in the and his wife Margery. Lie also had visited a seventh cousin, Albert

mission. And as I left for that field run the line, but not quite complete, Alonzo Pomeroy, of Sandusky, Ohio.

of labor, President Elias S. Kimball to Ralph de Pomeroy, who was a After thoroughly examining the mansaid: "Don't feel too blue, Brother member of the chiefs of staff of Wiluscript record, they decided to organPomeroy, over this assignment to liam the Conqueror, who invaded ize a "family project, and set up

Mississippi instead of West Virginia. England in 1066. machinery which would ultimately

I promise you in the name of the On returning from my mission in gather information on the Pomeroy

Lord that you will be blessed an early spring 1898, I stopped in Salt family not in New England alone 158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA but in all the world."It was an really to get behind this work. Others, In the course of a month I reambitious project, and these two we found, became interested in it for ceived a letter from Albert A.

wealthy Pomeroys tackled it with no apparent reason."Pomeroy. He said that George Elttheir might. I then told him how I had reweed Pomeroy had seen him and had

After a family organization had ceived the Rodman pamphlet on told him of the splendid time he had been formed, Mrs. Rebecca Wheeler "Heredity."Years after my mission had in Arizona and of the wonderPomeroy Bulkley, who had assisted I was called to organize genealogical ful use we were making of the geneDr. Rodman in this genealogical societies in the wards of Maricopa alogy compiled by the Pomeroy famwork, took charge of organization of Stake. Speaking one night about ily association. Albert pledged his

the accumulating of data. Meanwhile Dr. Rodman and the Pomeroys in continued support in the project.

memberships in the Pomeroy family the Phoenix Ward, I suddenly felt A short time later I received a organization were sold for two dolmy father's presence. I turned but letter from George Eltweed Pomeroy

lars. At her death in 1908, Mrs. could not see him, but I heard his stating that both he and Albert A.

Rodman had about finished this voice speaking to me: "When you desired that I should succeed Albert

work. Nevertheless, research congathered the genealogy and had A. Pomeroy as secretary and historian

tinued for about two years, and then done the work in the temple for of the Pomeroy family association, in 1912, two large volumes of the these Pomeroys, some of the fathers because medical authorities had adHistory and Genealogy of the Pomewere permitted to come to earth and vised him to free himself of as much roy Family was published. This recvisit members of the Pomeroy family responsibility as possible. I immeord went back twentythree generawho were best prepared and qualidiately replied that I felt that as long

tions to about 930 A. D. It was fied to do this work, and impressed as Albert A. Pomeroy lived, he should

later published as one volume. Adthem with a desire and determination continue as secretary and historian

ditional information was published as to compile the genealogy of the of the Pomeroy family association it became available. Pomeroy family. And the publicabecause of the great work he had

tion of these books was the result."fostered and carried on in compiling

In 1925, Dr. Owen C. Rees, a I felt compelled to speak those words the genealogy and publishing the

friend of George Eltweed Pomeroy, to the congregation in Phoenix the three volumes of the family's genewas advised to come to Arizona for moment I received them and did so alogy. However, if I could act as

his health. Mr. Pomeroy asked me, with tears flowing down my face. an assistant, and in some way lighten

to friend old correspondence, byan

I happy be most would burden, the I incithis telling completed As his for reservations hotelcheck on that I I was so. advised him to do to I looked dent Pomeroy, Mr. him Ifriend, to do. glad Later which was of all lines extending in interested in said: the the were eye and "Youthat year Mrs. Mr. and Pomeroy ancestry. the Pomeroy to ones they came."whom visit to to friend. their Arizonacame

reply. courteous I very a received

legislaof the state aI was member little replied: "I very of know He full secre- I the take insisted that He I at time.ture the morning One faith your and what doctrines—only visit to promised me taryship and callreceived telephone a from Mr. I I in papers, see the have read but that work. the start But in and me that leaving saying hePomeroy was it that as inspired view you God who stroke a be. July to had not He wasfor that California evening but to us the compile publish geneand later days died two 1926, 24, and like to leaving. before seewould me of alogy the that Pomeroys, you in of a Mindaughter the at home

Of course genealogy had always might go into your temples and do nesota. I was appointed secretary

the work for them. When I get and historian, succeeding him, onhad but one interest to me—the use

I could make of it by performing home, I shall make a trip to see September 24, 1926.

Albert A. Pomeroy and make known for ancestors. ordinancestemple my in mysterious way, a moves "God to to him revealed you what have I the bementioned neverBut had poet the perform,"to his wonders me."liefs this of in the regard Church of If I the desires said. had has had

Ito these deterPomeroys. Now States in Misthe Southern my heart

to asking do it. I beganmined by in labor sent to sion been and had

him how he ever became interested a district where a side trip to Conin the subject. necticut on my way home would have

"Well,"he began frankly, "it is been possible—and if I had visited

a mystery to me. I had never had Dr. Rodman and had received all the

any interest in my forebears until genealogical information he had colmy cousin, Mrs. Anna Grosvenor lected in his study to prove his

Pomeroy Rodman, visited me after theories on heredity—and if I had

the death of her husband and assumed the responsibility of comshowed me the genealogical work piling the genealogy instead of its he and his committee had done and being brought by his widow to left the manuscript with me, asking George Eltweed and Albert A.

me to continue the work on it. I Pomeroy, I and the other family

looked the manuscript over and took members who belong to the Church it toAlbert A. Pomeroy at Sandusky, could possibly have never accomand we pored over the manuscript plished what the whole Pomeroy famwith growing interest. Finally, ':*'.:;:i;';.:.:: ily has done in this problem of

after a few conferences, we decided—Courtesy New Mexico State Tourist Bureau genealogy.

MARCH 1952 159 The Relationship of Spirituality to National Prosperity

by William E. Berrett

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

all known money standards Onesixth part is used for the prepyear period and the other for some

By theshouldpeoplebe livingof thein Unitedplenty: Statesa nafoodsarationandanddrinks.dissemination of harmful nineevaluationshundredare andmadefiftyin eachyears.instanceThe

tional production of goods valued at Onefifteenth part is used to proby a competent observer standing 328 billion dollars a year, 1 phenometect property against criminals. at the conclusion of the performance,

nal wages and salaries, a million maYes! We may produce greatly, but having viewed, through the records,

chines doing the work of many, many we may also dissipate the end prodall the acts of the long and eventmillions of men, mountains of goods uct. ful dramas. Perhaps no other hispouring off the production lines. torians have had such an array of

The appalling cost of breaking the unbroken records before them as had But wait! Something is amiss.

Ten Commandments thev Moroni and when Mormon still living in people of thoseWhat Whether of the rise the causes andJ up we realize it or not, the summed millionsthe slums? of those What

appalling cost of breaking the Ten civilifall of the Nephite and Jaredite of are in debt? thosewho What

is destroying our tens Commandments zations. did they observe which What toof struggling millions ends make

prosperity: seeming for contains day, a message our and at the the door? wolfmeet—battling billions Sixty a for year war; twenty that save message might our how financial figures deceiving. areThe

billions of as cost a the year crime; civilization? little or nothing. high wages buyThe

bill a fifteen liquor tobacco of and all of of overthese observation goods mountains melt TheThe away billion to of the cost dollars—equal seers eyes. that the welfarebefore think economic very our was we We

all of institutions educational the nais of linked well, are inevitably a nation deswith Inare doing but we?

peration we seek higher wages only tion; billions in organized gambling the spiritual level of the people. Naof which could be saved tions become prosperous when theto find that in turn we are confronted rackets—all

spiritual level remains high. Theywith higher prices. We try again commandmentsby a generation ofthatGod!would obey the

with the same result. It becomes a sink into decay with continued disthis slips In day wealth out when

of of the regard race of prospect God. and word with whatmad

of to listen to hands, our need we victory? the In account Nephite we see of the voice great a Book book—the is to happening American What parallel nations, the Nephites two of This written book Mormon. was

production? We do not need to search long ago, but it was written to us and the Lamanitcs, the one preservfar to find the answers. to help us solve our problems and ing the scriptures and the Church of

First, we must realize that the only to lead us back to Christ. What does Christ, the other generally neglecttrue wealth is goods, and we are not the book teach us about our economic ing spiritual matters. Other factors

producing so much as we'should proproblems? Listen to what the cenwere relatively the same. They were

duce. There are four million of our turies are saying to the minutes! of the same race, with a common sopotential producers under arms. Ancial and cultural background. They

other three million are in nonpro- Civilizations perish when nations were transplanted to the same goodly ductive federal jobs; another million forget God land. Both were free of outside presare engaged in nonproductive gamThe Book of Mormon furnishes us sures and influences, except as they

bling, making, distributing, and with salient facts concerning the longrubbed elbows with each other. Yet

manipulating gambling devices, bookest continuous experiment in human the Nephite civilization rose to the making, and allied questionable purliving that the world has known. It heights while the Lamanites lansuits. Some 250,000 are languishing gives the story of the ups and downs guished in near savagery. Only at

in jail. Another million are recuperof two great nations, one of which wide intervals did the Lamanites deating in hospitals. Still other millions existed for nearly a twothousand- velop a measure of civilization, and

are idle from heterogeneous causes. these upsurges of culture seem closely

But this is not the worst of the connected with periods of missionary picture. That which is being prowork among them by the Nephites.

duced is not being used to bless and II And when, at long last, the Nephite beautify our homes. civilization sank to the level of the

The Book of Mormon Lamanites and the remnants merged Onethird part of our productive force is being used to carry on and speaks on current with them, the cause is clearly a naprepare for war. tional abandonment of the word of

problems God.

Current Business. Purvey of U. S. Department of It is little wonder that the Nephite 1951.Commerce, November

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA observers, standing at the close of And never could be a people more blessed The great leader Nephi records:

this civilization, should record in their than were they, and more prospered by the of the a Lord. in they land were hand And all did those were with who And me observations the of warning

all God givthat for lands, the choice was above Lord call to peothe themselves take them upon to the earlier en nation, the Jaredites: it. (Ibid., 10:28.) spoken had of ple Nephi.

And he had sworn in his wrath unto the And we did observe to keep the judgbrother of Jared, that whoso should possess Similar examples of the relationments, and the statutes, and the commandthis land of promise, from that time henceship of economic welfare to spirituments of the Lord in all things, according forth and forever, should serve him, the ality are found in the account of the to the law of Moses.

true and only or they God, should be swept Nephites. prosperAnd theexceedingly;Lord was forwithweus;didandsowwe seed,did off the fulness of his when should wrath

come upon them. and we did reap again in abundance. And

And now, we can behold the decrees of we began to raise flocks, and herds, and aniGod concerning this land, that it is a land mals of every kind. (II Nephi 5:9-11.)

of promise; and whatsoever nation shall THE TEN COMMANDMENTS

possess it shall serve God, or they shall be Of a portion of the period of Alma, swept off when the fulness of his wrath Thou shalt have no other gods Mormon writes:

shall come upon them. And the fulness of before me.

his wrath cometh upon them when they Thou shalt not make unto thee And now, because of the steadiness of are ripened in iniquity. any graven image, or any likeness the church they began to be exceeding rich,

is this is behold, For a land choice which of all having things whatsoever abundance is of in that anything heaven all above other lands; wherefore that he of flocks in stood abundance need—and is or above, in that the earth bethey

it possess doth shall serve shall or be God fatlings of herds, kind, every and and and is or that in the water off; it is for swept the everlasting of neath, decree of also of gold, grain, and and abundance

God. And it is not until the fulness of inunder the earth: of silver, and of precious things, and abuniquity among the children of the land, that Thou shalt not bow down thydance of silk and finetwined linen, and all

they are swept off. self to them, nor serve them: for manner of good homely cloth. (Alma 1:29.)

And this cometh unto you, O ye Gentiles, I the Lord thy God am a jealous that ye may know the decrees of God—that God, visiting the iniquity of the Concerning the period near the

repent, ye not in and continue may your fathers the children upon unto the close of Helaman's life, Mormon iniquities until the fulness that come, ye third fourth of and generation record: could again not bring fulness the of may the down

wrath of God upon you as the inhabitants them that hate me;

of the land have hitherto done. And shewing mercy unto thouAnd the people of Nephi began to prosper

Behold, this is a choice land, and whatsands of them that love me, and again in the land, and began to multiply soever nation shall possess it shall be free keep my commandments. and to wax exceeding strong again in the

from bondage, and from captivity, and from Thou shalt not take the name land. And they began to grow exceeding

all other nations under heaven, if they will of the Lord thy God in vain; for rich.

riches, But their notwithstanding their or serve of but the the God land, who is the guiltwill not Lord hold him strength, prosperity, their or Christ, they not Jesus were hath been manifested who by less his that taketh vain. in name lifted of in the pride their up the things neither eyes; written. which have (Ether we

2:8-12.) Remember the sabbath day, to were they slow to remember the Lord their

keep it holy. God; but they did humble themselves exEconomic prosperity during period's Six days shalt thou labour, and ceedingly before him. (Ibid., 62:4849.)

of high national spirituality do all thy work:

The reader of the Book of MorBut the seventh day is the sabOne of the greatest periods of prosmon for the first time is likely to rebath of the Lord thy God; in it perity recorded by man followed the

member the accounts of armed conthou shalt not do any work, thou, advent of Christ to the American flict and the movements of peoples nor thy son, nor thy daughter, continent. His coming and his teachthy manservant, nor thy maidings into turned a whole people ways quite and overlook the long periods

servant, cattle, nor thy nor thy of righteousness result and peace. of The peace prosperity that and are porstranger that thy gates: is within

trayed. Two of the longest periods of For in six days the Lord made was the golden era of Nephite civiliread:peace recorded in history are found heaven and earth, the sea, and zation. We

in the record. Jaredite is, One of these all that in them and rested

to pass And thirty in the it came andlasted more than seventh day: two hundred wherefore and the the sixth year, all the people were converted

fifty years. Beginning with the reign Lord blessed the sabbath day, unto the Lord, upon all the face of the

of one King Emer, the nation careand hallowed it. land, both Nephites and Lamanites, and

fully obeyed the will of God, and Honour thy father and thy there were no contentions and disputations them, every among did justly and that mother: deal thy days man be ". may.. they exceedingly rich."became

... with one another. long the land upon the which Ibid., (See 9:1623.) the did Lord And prosper exceedingthem thy Lord giveth thee. God period This of peace prosperity, and ly in the land; yea, insomuch that did they shalt kill. not Thou

cities build againlasting there where over several had been generations, came shalt not Thou adultcommit... cities burned. "..to an end only when. an exery.

it behold, now, And to pass came the thatceeding great wickedness spread over shalt steal. not Thou of people did strong, Nephi wax did and

the face of the land."(Ibid., 9:26.) Thou shalt not bear false witmultiply exceedingly fast, and became an

A second long period of peace and ness against thy neighbour. exceedingly fair and delightsome people.

prosperity began with the reign of Thou shalt not covet thy neighAnd they were married, and given in marriage, and blessed were according to the bour's house, shalt thou not covet LeviKing continued and uninterof multitude the promises the which Lord thy neighbour's wife, his nor for fiverupted generations. each Of had them. unto made manservant, his nor maidservant,of the monarchs during that remarkthey did And not walk after any more his ox, nor ass, his nor nor any ". the. performancesable period of ordinances and states, the law Moroni. he

is thing that thy neighbour's. of Moses; but they did after walk the comdid that right which was in the sight

(Exodus, 20:3-17.) mandments which received they had fromof the Lord."(Ibid., 10:1617, 19.)

(Continued on pageMARCH 1952 176) the WORLD 0F IHE JAREDIIES

Part VII

by Hugh Nibley, PhD.

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

My dear Professor F. until he had gained the half of the the ruling king, marry her, and

kingdom... did carry away his mount the throne. The sinister

importance of the throne is well of after captivity"into the beating plan daughter Jared worksTheillustrated in the story of how the father all it is battle, worth. her "and did Having had make him in him for

Mongol Baidu "was led into error serve in captivity."(Ether 8:2-3.) grandfather beheaded and her father

by the flatterers, and he became proud

In captivity the king raised other on the throne, she married Akish, and magnificent himself... he sent sons who finally turned the tables who presently, having "sworn by the

great the throne broughtand had faithless brother... obtained dethe ancients of the and oath on their

. in Tabriz.. and hewhich was

sat his his fatherin-law, forces in feated skirmish. a of night as he head

it in of theplanted neighborhood life (Ibid., his his throne."9:5.) his spared promise on on They And

sat he andAughan, and went up it? "It to give the the kingdom, was put him up to up but they who

hencethat he imaginedupon it, and it failed to his into count Jared's daughter, on put 136 daughter of Jared who forth his kingdom was assured."an ambitious girl, who had read, or heart, to search up these things of

Very famous is the story of how at least asked her father if he had old; and Jared put it into the heart

Merdawij of Persia, seeking to assume read "... in the records which our of Akish."(Ibid., 8:17.)

title of ofthe glory the the king and fathers across great the brought the part played ask by we Need in theuniverse erected century, ninth of instructive a deep,"very account she married once the daughter of Jareda platthrone golden a golden on the devices those by which men to ancient patthe According of Akish?form, silver before a stood which glory."old got "kingdoms and great it insists (for that all goes Ether ternplatform his sat princes on which

in gilded chairs; some say the latter "... Hath he not read the record back to "the ancients") Akish as soon

were silver thrones, but all agree that which our fathers brought across the as he sat on the throne would be the foolish man thought it was the great deep? Behold, is there not an marked as the next victim, and sure

throne that gave him majesty. 13"Of account concerning them of old, that enough we find him so suspicious of

the throne of the Grand Khan, they by their secret plans did obtain his son that he locks him up in

Carpini writes: "There was a lofty kingdoms and great glory? prison and starves him to death; but

...stage builded of boards, where the "And now, therefore, let my father there were other sons, and so "

emperor's throne was placed, being send for Akish, the son of Kimnor; there began to be war between the

very curiously wrought out of ivory, and behold, I am fair, and I will sons of Akish and Akish."(Ibid.,

wherein also was gold and precious dance before him, and I will please 9:12.) Many years later the old

stones, and there were stairs going him, that he will desire me to wife; evil is revived by Heth, who "...

up to it. And it was round at the wherefore if he shall desire of thee began to embrace the secret plans

back."137 There is no need for laborthat ye shall give unto him me to again of old,"dethroned his father,

ing the point that the great rulers of wife, then shall ye say, I will give "slew him with his own sword; and

Asia specialized in beautiful thrones her if ye will bring unto me the head he did reign in his stead."(Ibid.,

of my father, the king."(Ibid., 9:2627.)—do not all kings? Indeed, and it

can be shown that their thrones 8:9-10.) This is indeed a strange and terwherever they are found, whether Historically, the whole point of rible tradition of throne succession,

dragonthrone, peacockthrone, grifthis story is that it is highly unyet there is no better attested tradifon-throne, or even sella curulis, go original. It is supposed to be. The tion in the early world than the ritual

back to the old Asiatic pattern. 158 damsel asks her father if he has read of the dancing princess (represented

"the record"and refers him to a by the salme priestesses in Babylonia,

The Salome Story particular account therein describing hence the name Salome) who wins how "they of old... did obtain kingthe heart of a stranger and induces

HThere is one tale of intrigue in the doms."In accordance with this she him to marry her, behead the old

Book of Ether that presents very then outlines a course of action which king, and mount the throne. I

ancient and widespread (though but makes it clear just what the "account"once collected a huge dossier on recently discovered) parallels. It is was about. It dealt with a pattern this awful woman and even read

the story of Jared's daughter. This of action (for "kingdoms"is in the a paper on her at an annual meetwas a later Jared who rebelled against plural) in which a princess dances ing of the139 American Historical Ashis father, "... did flatter many before a romantic stranger, wins his sociation. You can find out all

people, because of his cunning words, heart, and induces him to behead about the sordid triangle of the old 162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA king, the challenger, and the dancing tributing the behavior of the prinancient history."143 Nothing better

beauty from Frazer, Jane Harrison, cess to the inspiration of ritual texts illustrates the hopelessness of trying

Altheim, B. Schweitzer, Farnell, and secret directories of the ancients, on to apply the neat, convenient,

any number of "folklorists."140 The how to depose an aging king. The mechanical rule of progress to history

thing to note here is that there Jaredite version, incidentally, is quite than the presentday status of the actually seems to have been a sucdifferent from the Salome story of the metal ages. Let me refer you to

cession rite of great antiquity that Bible but is identical with many Wainwright's study on "The Coming followed this pattern. It is the story earlier accounts that have come down of Iron."There you will learn that

behind the rites of Olympia and the to us in the oldest records of civilizathe use of iron is as "primitive as that

Ara Sacra and the wanton and shocktion. of any other metal: In using scraps

ing dances of the ritual hierodules of meteoric iron while still in the throughout the ancient world. 141 Steel, Glass, and Silk Chalcolithic Age the predynastic

And it is not without historical Egyptians were in no way unusual.

parallels, otherdid so, though "the A.D. in 998 Eskimos as when

sister did Age, as of the a certain Khalifah only in the B eforegrim andcomingdepressingto gripsmilitarywith anthe Thewise Bone had scribe, an Egyptian, in Syria, and he nals that make up the bulk of Jarethe neolithic Indians of Ohio. The

sent and complained to her about dite history, as of nearly all ancient Sumerians of Ur were at that time

Abu Tahir (the ruler of Syria). And history, it shall be our pleasant duty in the early Bronze Age though later

because her brother always paid to consider briefly the few casual they relapsed into the Copper Age."14*

great attention to her, she went and references contained in the Book of The possibility of relapse is very to the material culture of Mormon before received him.wept And she reason is no why significant—there nation. this strange (from she him) the command, and other nations cannot backwards go

sent (it) and killed Abu Tahir, and A few years ago the loudest obas well as the Sumerians. But scraps

his head was carried to Egypt.... "14a jection to the Jaredite history would of meteoric iron were not the only

Here the princess wins the king by most certainly have been its careless prehistoric source, for "it now tran-—ittears couldinsteadhardlyof the haveusual beenallurementsotherreferences(Ibid., 7:9) toin anironageandwheneveniron steeland spiresit, manthat,was ablethoughat annotextremelyinterestedearlyin

wise, since he was her brother—but steel were supposedly undreamed of. date to smelt his own iron from its

the plot is essentially the same, reToday the protest must be rather ores and manufacture it into minding us that such things can and feeble, even in those quarters "still weapons.

do happen more than once in history. under the influence of a theory of Men had the knowledge all along,

Certainly the Book of Ether is on evolutionism which has been dragged then, but were "not interested"in the soundest possible ground in atso unfortunately into the study of (Continued on following page)

The Hill Cumorah, near Palmyra, New York, where the Prophet Joseph Smith received the golden plates of the Book of Mormon.

MARCH 1952 163 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from preceding page) (rather than iron.). 15i Where "steel"beads have been found in prehistoric

using it. But there is no reason for may be taken to mean any form of graves"in Egypt. 102 We need not be

denying the Jaredites iron if they very tough iron, the correct modern surprised if the occurrences of glass wanted it, as apparently they did. formula for it is found in steel obobjects before the sixteenth century

'* forA Mesopotamian knife blade "not of jects from Ras Shamra, belonging to B.C. "are few and far between,"10

meteoric origin"has been dated with the 14th century B.C. 155 If we would glass rots, like wood, and it is a

certainty to the twentyeighth centrace the stuff back to its place and wonder that any of it at all survives tury B.C., iron from the Great time of origin, we would in all from remote antiquity. There is all

Pyramid goes back to 2900 B.C. and probability find ourselves at home the difference in the world, moreover,

"might perhaps have been smelted with the Jaredites, for theirs was the between few glass objects and none from an ore.'"1"Yet the Egyptians, land of TubalCain, "the far northat all. One clot of ruddy dirt is all

far from specializing in iron, never west corner of Mesopotamia,"which, we have to show that the Mesopopaid much attention to the stuff exWainwright observes in accepting the tamians were using iron knives at cept in their archaic rituals. While account in Genesis 4:22, is "the the very beginning of the third milWainwright himself found iron beads oldest land where we know stores of lennium B.C.—but it is all we need.

at to that Gerzah "date in Egypt earliest iron of piece the Likewise kept dated manufactured were and

.. or earlier, about 3500 B.C.. actualglass of distributed to the the world."It is there from time comes known

ly Egypt was the last country of the and not to Egypt that we should look Amenhotep I, yet under his imNear East to enter the Iron Age, and for the earliest as well as the best mediate successors glass vases appear of then under an intensification types of ironwork, the that even advanced technique though indicate an 1 "4 influences."northern 1 *7 In fact by latter in glassworking. region 3500 B.C. by knew iron

1000 B.C. Egypt

148 still keeps on in the The example of iron, steel, and The finding of the oldest glass and having Bronze Age"; that the proved to tribute is not a ironwork in Egypt instructive. bronze is are not They

is as of iron civilizaworking old as civilization of superior the Egypevolved to the imperceptible degrees by tion, the to Egyptians then on go at tians to rather the all, but the conquer in steady world and is civilization that prove perfectly free qualities of preservative superior progressive triumph the through ages to ignore of it, to the the dismay their sands. dry that seen have We fully to but appear developed be used

evolutionists.

in one place and forbidden in anthe Egyptians cared very little for

It was in other parts of the world other, thrive in one age and be given iron, which was really at home in the that iron really came to its own. As up in the next. 157 The same applies land of TubalCain. The same is

early as 1925 B.C. a Hittite king had to another product attributed to the true of glass. The myths and folk-

a throne of iron, and in Hittite temJaredites and believed until recent lore of the oldest stratum of Asiatic ple inventories "iron is the common years to have been a relatively late legend (the swanmaiden and arrowmetal, not the bronze to which one invention. In Joseph Smith's day and chain cycles, for example) are full

is accustomed in other lands of the long after there was not a scholar of glass. In one extremely archaic

Near East."""If we moved farther who did not accept Pliny's account and widespread legend the Shamireast, however, to the land in which of the origin of glass without quesbird (by many names), seeking to

the Jaredites take their rise, we find tion. 1 '* I used to be perplexed by the enter the chamber of the queen of

the manufacture of iron so far adfact that reference in Ether 2:23 to the underworld, breaks his wings on

vanced by the Amarna period that *'... windows... that will be dashed the glass pane of her window when

the local monarch can send to the in pieces"can only refer to glass he tries to fly through it. The glass

of king Egypt "two splendid daggers of the northern legends since windows, kind no other would mountain.. "is 'whose blade of khabalkinu palace and the glass of the immense be waterproof still be and windows.

the word being usually translated Moreover, Moroni in actually referSheba cycle I have shown in another ',150 as 'steel.'Though the translation ring to "transparent glass"in 3:1, study to be variants of this. The

is not absolutely certain, literary is probably following Ether. This great antiquity of these—especially

to steelreferences ancient. are verv the glass be demonwould the invention of glass make window—can

refersThe Zend Avesta constantly to 105 "Glaze paste,"and vitreous far older it strated. than anyone dreamed

steel, steel and before iron comes to close glass that its in absence until in was the recent of finding such so the four ages of Zarathustra, 151 rethe region as a surprise, same comes objects glass as Egyptian beads "from minding of the one doctrine Vedaic were in widely used "known and of the end the third millennium 1 "9that the heaven created was out Egypt from the and Mesopotamia of of B.C."of "plaques turquoise blue

100steel steel that and the "skywas B.C. millennium onwards."glass of excellent quality"in the fourth

blue metal"of the stuff, objects, But such applied to clay earliest Egyptians possession of Zer, of the one very 152 160and Babylonians. a far better of has leaving chance earliest queens of Egypt. such From

The legends of the tribes of Asia glass windows could have been made, a trace of itself than does pure glass are full of iron and steel birds and and there is no reason for doubting which simply disintegrates in damp articles, and the founder of the Seljuk that Marco Polo saw colored glass soil—a process which I often had

indynasty of Iran opportunity to observe ancient even called was Ironat the windows palace of the Great 153 101(or Steel-) easily acGreek trashheaps. This Bow. of working The the Khan in thirteenth century.

iron is practised in central Asia even "Very little is known,"writes Newcounts for the scarcity of glass reby primitive tribes, and Marco Polo berry, "about the early history of mains outside of Egypt.

speaks of them as mining "steel"glass,"though he notes that "glass If glass and iron perish, what shall 164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we say of silk? The "fine twined fore either the dog or the goat, others handsome."The thing to note here

linen"of the Jaredites (Ibid., 10:24) (like the Erteboellian) had the dog is not primarily the advanced state

offers no serious problem, since as I long before the others. "It is rather of steelworking in Central Asia,

pointed out in an earlier letter, scraps remarkable,"writes McGovern, "that though that as we have seen is signifiof very fine linen have actually surwe find no specific reference to the cant, but the fact that no one knows vived at prehistoric sites in various camel among the Scythians and Sarfor sure what accarum and andaniparts of the world. 186 But the same matians, although... its existence and cum are. Marco knew, of course, but

verse speaks of silk. Since few subusefulness must have been known."109 since the things didn't exist in Eustances suffer more complete oxidaThe moral is that we can never be rope, there was no western word for

tion than silk, it is not surprising that too sure. Any naturalist would asthem, and so all he could do was to

the only evidence we have of its sume that the elephant has been excall them by their only names. It

early existence is in written rectinct in western Asia for hundreds ofis just so with the cureloms and cuords. 100 thousands of years, for all the evimoms of Ether 9:19. These animals

But these are quite sufficient to dence the creature has left of itself. were unknown to the Nephites, and

allow the Jaredites the luxury of their It is from written history alone that so Moroni leaves the words untranssilken garments, if any credence is we receive the assurance that large lated, or else though known to the to be placed in the claims cited in herds of elephants roamed the temNephites they are out of our experithe Encyclopedia Britannica that silk perate lands of Syria and the Upper ence so that our language has no was known in China in the first half Euphrates as late as the eighteenth name to call them by. They were

of the third millennium B.C. and in Egyptian dynasty, when the Pharaohs simply breeds of those "... many

India as earlvJ as 4000 B.C.! The hunted them there for sport, and that other kinds of animals which were

priority of India over China suggests elephants were used by the warlords useful for the food of man."(Ibid.,

a central distribution point for both of Central Asia well into the Middle 9:18.) The history of the breeding

of them, which would of course bo Ages. 170 In late antiquity the wild of "animals which were useful for

central Asia, and indeed Khotan in variety disappear without trace, perman"is an extremely complex one;

Central Asia was the great world haps because of a change in world to trace even such conspicuous breeds silk center of the Middle Ages. The climate. I think it quite significant as the Arabian horse, the dromedary,

making of silk on Greek islands at a that the Book of Mormon associates or the ox is still quite impossible. 171

very early date, and a legend of the elephants only with the Jaredites, for Travelers in central Asia, both from

Minoan Daedalus reported by Apolthere is no apparent reason why they Europe and the Far East, always lodorus which can only refer to silk should not have been so common in comment on the peculiar breeds of culture, also strongly indicate Asia the fifth as in the fifteenth century animals they find there—camels with

rather than China as the prehistoric B.C. All we know is that they betwo humps (which are really no more

distribution center of the knowledge came extinct in large parts of Asia like the Arabian camels than a llama of silk in the world. somewhere between those dates, as is like a sheep), 172 bigtailed sheep, and

they did likewise in the New World, strange varieties of oxen and horses,

The Animal Kingdom to follow the Book of Mormon, leavfor none of which it is possible for

Like metal and glass, the animals ing only the written records of men the travelers to172 find words in their of old have long been misrepresented to testify of their existence. own languages. So they call dromby the settled preconceptions of the "They have plenty of iron, acedaries and Bactrian camels both

carum, and andanicum"says Marco "camels"and kulans "horses,"justantiquarians. Until five years ago

of of as the people the Book Kobian. of Mormon no doubt "Here bestperhaps arPolo veryand yet—the breeds they of designates as sheep and cattle mirrors polhighly makechaeologists were convinced that the

camel was not known in Egypt until ished steel, of large size and very that we would hardly recognize. I

Greek and Roman times, and disfind it most reassuring that the Book missed the Biblical account of Abraof Ether, taking us back to archaic camelsham's (Gen. XII: as 16)

1 "7 the COLOR OF SPRING times,by tellinginsistsabouton complicatinganimals plainlythingsexcrudest of blunders. Yet Free J. P.

has been able to demonstrate the By Elizabeth A. Hutchison tinct in Nephite days and breeds that

we cannot identify.

continued existence and use of the Clear, vibrant yellow makes the pulses beat inanimal prehistoric from Egypt people were of how The description sudden joy on cold gray days when to present,times the and that on the With of a plague driven out of a land by Spring basis of evidence within the reach of Tiptoes crocussandaled about on feet serpents that then "hedge way up the leaves sodden Where and snowcurled student.any conscientious know (Ether could that the people not pass"107 We

grasses cling;

that the horse, like the iron with Forsythia, shimmering in palest gold, 9:3 Iff) may put a strain on your

which it is so often associated in conExcites the senses, wakens listless eyes; scientific credulity. I hasten to relook delight the with swift uponventional history, did not appear on They mold lieve it. Pompey the Great, we are greengold curve willows Where on ashen

the scene in only one place to spread skies told, could not get his army into gradually and steadily throughout And marvel at the bold, bright daffodils Hyrcania because the way was barred

Uplifting trumpets, heralding the dawnthe world but in- "repeatedly was Araxes, a stream along the snakes by rebirth hills, Of life's distant the upon 173 intotroduced the primitive IndoGer- that the creatures. with a gentle still swarms soon smile will sun upon. Which

goblets tulips'golden The are designed in, filteringmanic culturearea, so to activiof chief philanthropic the One thirst For quenching the soul has not despeak, again. 108 again and While ties of Persian the magi was to make fined.

certain prehistoric peoples (e.g., at war on the snakes—a duty which

Anau) had the ox and the horse be- (Continued on page 167)

MARCH 1952 165 &<2\z\scce\& mn th E JN

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY mon. All his life he wras an ardent prepared as to be of use in schools and

(Preston Nibley. Deseret Book Comdefender of the Book of Mormon. He colleges. The bibliography is a high-

A. W.pany, Salt Lake City. 58 pages.) was successful in all that he undertook light for students of freedom.—/.

HPhis wellwritten story of the life of and deserved the honors that his fellow

President McKay has been written men gave him. THE JOSEPHITES BY A

as a chapter in Brother Nibley's book, The volume is unique in covering UTAH MORMON

The Presidents of the Church. Into the difficult period when the Church (Arch S. Reynolds. Published by the

this volume are gathered the life stories was subjected to persecution from the author, 80 West 1st North, Springville, of all the Presidents of the Church, United States government, and when Utah. 1951. 63 pages. Fifty cents. Paper

and it is sold only in connection with the practice of polygamy was suspended, bound.)

the life stories of the preceding Church and the people divided on political Tn this pamphlet there have been collines. He met happily the changes lected arguments con many pro and A. W. partyPresidents.—/. life. in social the claims. about Josephites and their

BOOK OF MORMON COMMENTARY Brother Hinckley, who has built his It is a very helpful volume to have at

Vol. I, The First Book of Nephi story in part on the research of John hand by those who are interested in the

(Eldin Ricks. Deseret News Press, Salt Henry Evans, has produced a book of study.—/. A. W.

Lake City. 328 pages. $2.00.) significant value, unusually well asof presented. and text sembled Many the complete contains bookHThis BIBLE YOUR KNOW living those yet the stately remember First explanatory of with Nephi, (Benjamin B. Alward. Stevens & Wallis,

figure servand manner and profound writBook of Mormon,comments. The Salt City. 1951. Edition Revised Lake

ten by ancient historians and containice to his generation of James Henry 251 pages. $2.00.)

Moyle. is easily truths, moreing profound

so great has book sucmet with be the early that chapHThis added It may if dependable understoodread and cess in its three editions previous ters set forth of the book the Moyle are availexplanations andcomments that this compiler the has expanded of intelligent deterable. been commentaries have Such ancestry—people edition to include hithermaterial not A. mination and W. this presented incollected volume. and achievement.—/. to editions. published in previous Since

will of student beEvery Book Mormon the includes quotations the from book SAYINGS SAINT OF A Ricks, this Brother labor ofhelped by pertinent Bible to the that questions (Selected Alice the by from K. Chase of the facultyhimself a member

arise in people's it is a parminds, of Smith, of sermons Albert eighth George University. subBrigham Young The

ticularly publication. MisPresident of of commendable the Christ Jesus Church

title, of later I, gives Vol. promise

it helpful, especially will find of Saints. Latterday Published the sionaries by bookvolumes, probably until the whole

all of that author, but it is hoped City, the members Box 317, Cedar Utah. at theis covered. end The references

of each chapter increase greatly the 47 pages. $1.00.) the Church will use the book as a

to learning to answers questions loving tribute of means to the memory A bookvalue of the commentary. The

inquiring from come to them that may President Albert Smith, George of addition to our Bookis a welcome people.—M. C. /. feelings of all the knew who A. W. voicingMormon literature.—/.

this authoress in has caught him. The

JAMES HENRY MOYLE tiny volume much of the saintly charVENTURE INTO THE INTERIOR (Gordon B. Hinckley. Deseret Book acter of President Smith. It will fit (Laurens van der Post. William MorCompany, Salt Lake City. 399 pages. the pockets of the hustling crowd who row & Co., New York. 1951. 253 pages.

1951. $3.50.) need the eternal message which in- $3.00.)

James Henry Moyle, whose life span sistently fell from the lips of President /\ne of the most magnificent personal (18581946) covered one of the most Smith.—/. A. W. adventures of our time, this book

periodsinteresting and important preChurch history, and L.D.S. of THE FOUNDATIONS OF FREEDOM Africa.takes usTheintoauthorthe wasinteriora Britishof SouthsubUtah

pared himself to become a major figure (Eugene Hilton, Ed.D. Pageant Press, ject born in that region. When London

in the notable changes of that day. New York. 213 pages. $3.50.) wanted information about two vast

After filling a mission, he studied law HPhis is a book all Americans could tracts of land in British Central Africa and with zest entered into the affairs profitably read in these tumultuous which might increase the source of of his time. Lie became a prominent days. It stresses the fact that America, food supplies for England, the governfigure in all that he did. His loyalty our nation, "didn't just happen,"but ment called on Laurens van der Post,

to his Church and its leaders was ever that it rests securely upon unchanging who was a skilled mountaineer, agriin evidence. Among other duties, he foundations of freedom. Freedom is set culturist, linguist, diplomat, all rolled

served with signal success as president forth in the history of America; its into one capable person. In the spring

of the L.D.S. Eastern States Mission. costs and effect upon the people are of 1949 he left London on the mission

He established wide, friendly relations simply but effectively told. The indithat led him into the lakes and plains

is lifted high in this volume; of central Africa and to the discoverywith others not of his faith—presidents vidual

of the United States and political freedom becomes something worth of a plateau not previously on any map leaders of the land. As U.S. Asfighting for; and the solution of the of Nyassaland. But there is more to

sistant Secretary of the Treasury and world's problems is stated in terms of this than an adventure story because of

U.S. Collector of Customs, he served freedom. Our individual battle for the great spiritual qualities that permewith marked distinction. In his youth freedom, now as in the past, will preate the book and make it comparable

he visited David Whitmer, the one serve us as a free people. The book to the work of SaintExupery and T. E.

then living witness to the Book of Moris good reading for all people but so Lawrence. M. C. J.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 143) Table II OCCUPATIONS OF HEADS OF FAMILIES WHO LIVE ON FARMS

AS REPORTED IN THE 1950 L.D.S. CHURCH CENSUS

(For example, number one (1) below: Of the total heads of families who live on farms, 75.13 percent of them

earn their living as farmers.)

Missions Stakes Church Percent of Percent of Percent of

Code Occupation Total Total Total

Professional and Semiprofessional.42 1.12.95

1 Farmers, Farm Laborers, Owners, and Managers 74.06 75.47 75.13

2 Proprietors, Managers, Officials, etc. 1.52 2.72 2.44

3 Clerical, Sales, and Kindred Workers 1.58 1.98 1.88

4 Craftsmen, Foremen, and Kindred Workers 8.97 6.88 7.40

5 Operatives and Kindred Workers 3.03 2.94 2.96

6 Domestic Service Workers.06.04.04

7 Protective Service Workers.24.35.33

8 Service Workers (excl. Domestic and Protective) 1.03.77.82

9 Laborers, (excl. Farm and Mine) 4.12 2.58 2.93

10 Educational Workers.61 1.46 1.25

11 Occupations not reported (Retired, Misc., etc.) 4.36 3.69 3.86

TOTAL PERCENT LIVING ON FARMS 100.00 100.00 100.00

Table III PERCENT OF HEADS OF FAMILIES BY OCCUPATION WHO LIVE ON FARMS

AS REPORTED IN THE 1950 L.D.S. CHURCH CENSUS

Missions Stakes Church Percent of Percent of Percent of

Code Occupation Total Total Total

Professional and Semiprofessional 1.81 6.22 4.88

1 Farmers, Farm Laborers, Owners, and Managers 79.61 85.91 84.36

2 Proprietors, Managers, Officials, etc. 4.94 9.41 7.92

3 Clerical, Sales, and Kindred Workers 3.16 5.58 4.74

4 Craftsmen, Foremen, and Kindred Workers 9.04 11.04 10.24

5 Operatives and Kindred Workers 5.13 9.05 7.77

6 Domestic Service Workers 1.16 2.60 1.83

7 Protective Service Workers 2.02 6.16 4.55

8 Service Workers (excl. Domestic and Protective) 5.25 7.46 6.57

9 Laborers (excl. Farm and Mine) 9.39 13.28 11.68

10 Educational Workers 7.94 16.07 14.19

11 Occupations not reported (Retired, Misc., etc.) 7.19 13.06 10.52

THE WORLD OF THE JAREDI1ES (Continued from page 165) serpents that no one could live in groups or alone."But that is not the

must go back to a time when the race it. 176 It is interesting in this connecway the ancient Asiatics hunted. Ac174

was sorely pressed by them. The tion that the plague of serpents in cording to Odoric and William, the

Absurtitani were said to have been Ether is described as following upon Mongols always hunted in great batdriven from their country by snakes, a period of extreme drought. (Ibid., tues, thousands of soldiers driving the

and Esarhaddon of Assyria recalls the 9:30.) game towards the center of a great

horror and danger of a march by his ring where the king and his court army through a land "of serpents and In the tenth chapter of Ether we would take their pick of the animals. 177

the plainscorpions, with expeditions which read was how great hunting of provithe normal That was way ants."17"the thirIn withcovered as undertaken were in the days in of King sioning a nation an and army

teenth century A.D. Shah Sadrudin Lib into the rich game country of Asia as Xenophon describes it sevenset his heart on the building of a capithe south "to hunt food for the peoteen centuries before Carpini. (Cyrop.

tal which should surpass all other ple of the land"(Ibid., 10:19.) WestII, iv.) Thousands of years before

cities in splendor; yet the project had erners are prone to think of hunting Xenophon, a predynastic Egyptian

to be abandoned after enormous exas a very individualistic activity; incarved a green slate palette on which

pense when during a period of deed, Oppenheimer insists that hunthe depicted an army of beaters formdrought the place so swarmed with ers operate "always either in small (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1952 167 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES FOR perfect, low cost {Continued from preceding page) Vielikodushnyi, p. 24f. The implications of

are of course very significant for bows a great ring around a panicked steel 16:18. PUBLIC SEATING ing I Nephi

confusion of animals being driven 1MM. Polo, Travels I, xxxix. Traveling

towards a round enclosure in the through central Asia in 568 A.D., Menander NEW center. It is the royal hunt, Jaredite was met more than once by primitive tribesde ironware, native Meander, their him AllMetal fashion,these greatat thehuntsdawntheof kinghistory.was178 alIn men from the mountains who tried to sell 884. 113, col. Grace. in Patrol. legat.

ways the leader, as among the Jaredir"T. J. Meek, "The Challenge of Oriental Samson

ites: "And Lib also himself became Studies"jnl. Am. Or. Soc. 63 (1943) p. 92,

n. 73, gives the formula for the Ras Shamra Folding Chairs a great hunter."{Ibid., 10:19.) steel.

"Kings must be hunters,"and every ir'Wainwright, op. cit., p. 16.

royal court must have its hunting ir'7"The art of forging iron must have preserve in imitation of the early been kept a secret for a long time by the rulers of Asia who invariably set clans of forgers, in order to preserve their aside vast tracts of land as animal privileges,"thus G. Vernadsky, Ancient

refuges where habitation was forbidRussia,l88D. B.p. Harden,43. "Ancient Glass,"Antiq- 1,;I

den. Here the Book of Mormon uity VII (1933), p. 419; Pliny, Nat. Hist.

confronts us with a truly astoundxxxvi, 191.

ing "scoop": "And they did preserve ir,i,Harden, loc. cit.

the land southward for a wilderness, TuthmosisP. E. Newberry,III,"journal"A Glassof EgyptianChalice Arof

to get game. And the whole face of chaeology VI (1920), 159.

the land northward was covered with wlTravels II, vi. The existence of such

inhabitants."{Ibid., 10:21.) The picwindows has been hotly disputed, for no

reason. Edition, In the Everyman ture of the old Asiatic hunting econgood

traveler "mentions n. 2, an early p. 169,

omy is complete in all its essentials the windows of some yachts or barges thathad and correct on all points. plate glass"in the East. It is interesting

(To be continued) that the only proven use for windowglass

Similar to was on vessels.

model shown 10Newberry, Zoc. cit.

above BIBLIOGRAPHY 1KIHarden, loc. cit.

135Bar Hebraeus, Chron. (Budge I, 500). Harden, op. cit., p. 420, cf. 426. Of the

III of the time of Tuthmosis L'lran Delaporte, *Also available with spring cushion or wood Antique, 136Huart p. glassmakers &

seat. a reveal their art in "they Newberry says, (Heideldes Islams 399; Renaissance A. Mex,

of proficiency, state high that be the must 1617. berg, 1922), pp. Ideal for

series of long of experiments,"a outcome 137Carpini, in Kormoff, 28, Ch. Contemps. Schools Churches 158f. p. 45. Polo, p. Marco Halls Meeting is Lodges of preparing '"The a study author on

cit. op.,3SEd. Nibley, Meyer, II. 1. 235;

is to appear in the near or any hall where public seatop. cit., p. 240. The sella curulis was a gilt this subject which

ing is essential. comfort used eampstool emperor, by the Roman and but future.im, 419 l.Harden) op ciL> p it originally that shows was its name

P. Free, "Abraham's Camels,"jnl. of lli7 J. k Asiatic in fashion. Larger, the wheels on more comfortable seat mounted

Ill 187ff. Stud. Eastn. Near (1944), "*"the Pacific in 1940 meeting Coast mAt Strong to stand enough on

As., Cent. cf. p. ie8Early p. 77, Empires of Hist. Assn. {Annals p. 1940, 90). Am. cut can't seat Safety hinge fingers W Turkest. in Excavns. R. Pumpelly, Chin. 27; 541ff. Class. 140Nibley, Jnl. (1945), XL folding action Noiseless compact, * I, 4143.

cit., for '"Loc. treatment. preliminary a easily stored

loc. cit. ],i,'McGovern,

I, 182). Hebraeus, (Budge "2Bar 170 Six decorator colors smart * (N.Y.: Breasted, History Egypt of J. is P. ""Quotation der Meer, from Van

tip Will not or fold open when * Scribners, ChiaWittfogel 304; p. 1912), & Asia Ancient Chronology Western The of

k Electrically steel cit., legs welded sheng, tube op. 669. p.

Brill, 13. (Leiden, p. Has Egypt 1947), and

this subject principal authority on proof, Chip nonchalking The enamel * the point but to with glass, finnothing to do all ish is parts articles metal in on see his Hilzheimer: AnMax prejudice. of historical in matters

*"195tiquity 411419; (1932), Specially (1936), VI steel cross tubular arched X

A. "4G. Wainwright, Coming "The for rigidity braces extra of 206.

in Antiquity X (March 1936), 7. "for Wittfogel FengElectrically 172See example steel seat Iron,"tube &

7. lihlhid., p.

cit., Frame used throughout op.—no weldedscrews Sheng, p. 662, Haslund, H. Men &

8-9. UGIbid., pp. k in Steel p. 73. furniture Mongolia, glides Gods replacewith

able newtype rubber feet li7Ibid., pp. 7, 22f. 173Darmesteter, James ZendAvesta Pt. I,

5. n. cushioncomfort 'k Padded, spring seat 148Omitted. p.'14. liBIbid., p.

I, 140. uTbid.,4, p. 171; Herodotus Concave, formfitting, upholstered *

17,J 18. 150Ibid., p. the Bible A. Arabia Montgomery, back rest and J.

k All metal parts rustproofed by "bon151Darmesteter, ZendAvesta, I, 93; Fr. (University of Pennsylvania, 1934), p. 50.

derizing process"Spiegel, Eranische Alterthumskunde (Leip17GIsi]tan, SeltschukenGesch. d. Akserayi,

zig, 1873) II, 152. p. 97f.

152This subject received some notice in 177Odoric Ch. 14; William of Rubruck Ch.

"Lehi in the Desert,"Improvement Era 7, in Komroff, Contemporaries of Marco

LIU (1950), 323. Polo, pp. 241 and 68. On Oppenheimer, see ZCMI Pol. 251. IV, Quart. isSaljuqiyya, Wstn. udDaulat p. 1. Nibley, 13SAkhbar OFFICE OUTFITTERS 178E. A. Budge, as ornaThe regarded Cam- a mere be Mummy, W. might SALT LAKE CITY This 57 SO. STATE ST.

ii. it Plate 1925, bridge Univ., that epithet were not mental the name

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442 Iron Arrow is fairly common and actually i79Niblev, op. cit, pp. 238ff; and II (1949),

refers to such a weapon, Lipkin, Manas 343f.

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Bank RollBALFS SEAL IN MORE LEAVES

Open a rolled bale and you'll see the "rolled - whole. Weather -resistant, they are perfect

in"green leaves that set a new value standfor outdoor feeding.

ard for hay. Have an easyoperating ROTO -BALER

Like the curved surface of a Quonset roof, of your own, ready to roll when hay and the outer stems of rolled bales turn moisture weather are just right. Arrange with your

and rain—protect the sealed -in layers be- A-C dealer now for the baler you can bank

neath. on... your own ROTOBALER.

They're bales that can take rough handling, too. They elevate, load, and store comAllis- bales The by hand! loading This beats pactly, without buckling or breaking.

to -quick attaches minutes Loader Bale Chalmers

And they're easy to handle. Unroll them the WD, WC or C Tractors. Picks up rolled bales

down the feedway or simply feed them lying at any angle. A sturdy, durable loader.

ALUSCHALMERSITRACTOR DIVISIONMILWAUKEE 1, U.S. A.f%

ROTOBALER

and BALE LOADER

ROTOBALER is an AllisChalmers trademark.

MARCH 1952 169 UNTIL WE REACH THE VALLEY

(Continued from page 155) mingle his voice with the Saints in worto take a rider ship. asks only $20 This the ing, horse kicked him on "My is letter. from Irishman, going an He

... our hardiest men."temple one of fields East. the in his family to the gold

The man was dead. It was Asa May God protect him and guide him and

Fowler. his messages safely over the plains, as

well as you and your family; for Brother

Run, her head said, and find the Brigham says that it is not good for man box with the gold pieces in it. to be alone, and keeps a sharp eye on

Knute will need it to buy food for bachelors. I am waiting for you.

you and the boys, and a plow and With great love, oxen and a wagon, and a stove and Knute.

pans and a wardrobe for your cabin! She looked at the date again.

Leave it, her heart said. Money is Knute had no wife! Asa had kept

no use to doomed people. She her letter and lied because he feared

dragged her heavy feet to the wagher. His lie had shaken her faith,

on and Viggo. If she had some and she was ashamed. That French

black salve, she could cure the boils. rider had killed the Irishman and

She was inside, closing the hole stolen the letters and posed as the securely behind her. "Tina,"Viggo messenger. It was he who consaid, "The man is gone, on the spired with Asa in the wagon in

captain's pony, to meet the relief Camp Iowa. They had been united

did not mean to wake me but "May God protect him, and you, PROTECTION and hasten them to save us. He in their evil doings.

dropped the tin box with the bullets too."Knute had written. The

in. He stuffed them in his pockets. Irishman had met his fate; Papa

He- "* and Mamma had met theirs; she

"Where is the box, Vig?"and the boys were meeting theirs

ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS "Under his bedding."hourly. Knute was alive and waitAralum aluminum doors are She found it and slammed the lid ing for her, just as the Irish family

a permanent improvement! shut. It sounded empty. She slipped had waited; and his prayer would

Screen or storm panels quickit in her blouse. "I'll be back soon, meet the same answer.

ly slip into a strong aluKjere,"she whispered. She had promised Viggo to come frame that never minum in the of back. reached box She able around stood All were who needs repairs!

oillittle the out clothes and pulled fire, captain. the 'AT PEno. the except was He

IMPROVER! leading his horse to the creek. cloth bag with the toilet articles

"Captain, may I please have his and trinkets. She brushed her hair,

first in time the weeks. A pink for shirt the coat and warm—Aralum the rolled of earring bag. out She asked. she boys?"ALUMINUM

on. clasped got its them and mate COMBINATION sister, will they him no "Yes, do in STORM AND the box. scarf She pink was The

SCREEN WINDOWS good. I will save them."put it on. This would please Vigsave fuel by insulating the entire win- "They are needed now!"she go; they had been his mother's.

dow opening! cried, and hurried to pull them off. She took the blue wooden shoes out

to her tent where took them She them, box, the of and hugged Goad5 GuarantiedHousekeepingby; FHA terms still sesleeping. feet. Sewed her thin slipped was Hans them on

curely into the lining of the coat, As she crossed the campground,

For Complete Information she found the gold pieces. Quietly the feel of despair and death was

CALL or WRITE she pulled the box from her blouse in the clear, frosty air. A woman

and began unloading the gold pieces stood on her wagon squinting tointo it. The shirt pocket had only ward the west. More bodies were QjzAuIationA 9nc.

1349 S. Main Salt Lake City, Utah a paper in it. It was a letter, faded laid beside Asa's. Men were trudgPhone 844393 and dirty, with her own name on ing toward the flat where yesterit. She opened it and read: day's dead had been placed to rest

INSULATIONS, INC.... where wolves howled fiendish1349 South Salt Main Great of Lake City ly where... and many more

City, Salt Utah Lake 1856 May 12, lie if strength endured them would information complete Please send Bitte Tina: Kjere on Min far from to place them Combination Doors and WinAralum there—so

dows. in the valley, with a well doing I am sanctified of Zion. the ground

tract of land and a cabin almost finished on it. I worked in the city and earned The woman on the wagon

$200 which bought me materials. Your screamed, "I see them! I see them!

papa will do well at his tailoring busiSurely they are angels from heaven to help him. needle ness, with Mamma's

pony, and to deliver us from death. They a real can herd cows on Hans

Viggo can sing in the new theater or (Concluded on page 172) 170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lubricated that demotors noticed have over a decided "I cabs 14 "We find I changed "Since in cost 12 operating "'The lowest my

Oil costs Motor in Super with crease oil and Conoco maintenance con- I've cut Super. to business Conoco in Yellow the Cab

cars,"bodies since of the changour gasoline consumption outwear cent,"per 50 almost sumption got when we what we years—that's Oil,"Joseph Johnson, reports Taxi H. Jr., ing Motor Super to Conoco Bangerter, states B. Arnold Super to Conoco changed new

Missouri. Langlinais, Fleet Owner, Taxi writes Maryville, Goddard J. Jackson, Company, reports Radio Cab Oil,"O. Owner, Motor

OwnerManager, Tyler, Texas. Salt Lake City, Utah. Fleet Operator, Lafayette, La.

Men who depend on their cars say:

"I got the story on

"My police car has to be in tiptop engine shape every minute,"says J. W. Remsey,

Chief of Police, De Kalb, Illinois. "ISQOOOMilesNoWear changed over to new Conoco Super Motor

Oil, and we've had nothing but top performance ever since."

and changed to New Conoco Super Motor Oil"

//"50,000Mksfi/o Wear/1 Provedf/eteAfter a punishing 50,000mile road test, with proper crankcase drains and regular care, engines lubricated with Conoco Super Motor Oil showed no wear of any consequence... in fact, an average of less than

one onethousandth inch on cylMMW<W inders and crankshafts. Factory "Driving at all kinds of speeds, I've used

in personal cars and Super Conoco my the still six days "I'm on firiishing road a week, good visible marks were trouble of absolutely engine no had have reports weather E. Wilson, Charles bad,"and rings. on

reports Marshall Rousseau, kind,"any is all Amarillo, Texas. Super "Conoco you for the gasoline mileage ANDpiston Harlingen, Texas. Sergeant, Police it is. I've excellent say had performance—and last actually miles 5,000 was costs!"repair no

first for the as as good 99.77%

5,000! This test proved that

Conoco Super. with OilPlating,

can make your car last longer, perform better, use less gasoline and oil.

"I drive 58 miles every day, so I'm looking for the best in motor oil. I've found it in

Conoco Super."states Ewell T. Roe, Rural

Mail Carrier, WaxahaChie, Texas. "This car

still runs like new, after 40,000 miles ofservice!"

NewCar Power! Quicker Starts! This Winter

get "super"performance..."super"protection!

Conoco Super Motor Oil checks the accumulation of harmful water and acids, chief causes of winter wear! Yes, Conoco Super, with its OilPlating,

sludge off rust, corrosion fights and..'it starts before. keeps. your.. virtuallyengine This is a stops wear

performance So, for "summertime"and clean. new

to wintergrade all change, winter, Conoco HEAVY DUTY now,

Super Motor Oil! OIL

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY MARCH 1952 171 Until We Reach The Valley (Concluded from page 170) are coming around yonder hill on FOR HOME OR CHURCH USE horses. God has sent them with

to us!"save food medicine and SOUTHEAST FURNITURE CO. to able climbed on Those wagons

Offers you the sensationally different look. Christina pulled herself up

on Asa's. She turned her eyes

westward and fixed them on the moving objects, coming ever nearer.

"It is the relief boys from the //TANGLE FREE"Sewing Machines valley!"cried the captain, tears

streaming down his weatherbeaten face. "Thank God! I knew they'd

as low as come!"

"Tina, what does the captain say?"pleaded Viggo.

$4995 She"Don'tkepttalkher vigilnow, untilplease,the ridersVig."

came near enough to be distinguished. Then she ran, panting,*

Patented NEVRCIog ends jammed bobbin threads the vapor from her open mouth "Tanglefree"sewing is relaxed sewing. You work with new ease and new perfection.

It is only ONE of the famous NewHome features you won't want to sew without. pouring white and puffy on the

- COME IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION - frosty air.

"Knute!"she wailed, and sank

in the snow. He threw his huge

body from the horse and ran to SOUTHEAST FURNITURE CO. pick her up. He held her out.

SUGARHOUSE 844341 He threw his head back and roared

DRIVE OUT & SAVE! with laughter, showing his strong

white teeth.

"Tina! min kjere bitte Tina!"His

mirth faded with the words, and he was squeezing her bones blissYou'll be proud fully tight. She was still his dear

to own and use little Tina. His tears were much GREYHOUND warmer and bigger than her own.

she prayerwhispered, "Knute!"

lifted AHARPER Today's Best fully, her eyes toward heaven.

Travel Buy!

What Started You Coming Bible KING JAMES VERSION To Church?

(Continued from page 151) Deluxe Pocket Bible functions. I always said I would

try and come, but I just never did

The Royal Harper light is compact and Ruby—idealPocketto Textcarry Bibleand make the effort. However, she never

handle. Fits easily into a Irian's coat pocket. stopped asking me. One Sunday

semioverlap- leather in genuine with Bound cover, ping (Flextex- I decided I would have to go in to paperlined edge edges. gold Edgelined), red Printed on under I took so the to face order woman,

size English India paper, x 5% inches % xh. for less than Uo Greyhound to children -?$ the thick. went in Sunday of and only inch the and an Comes

third of onethe cost.. driving threepiece exclusive box. GiftPak Harper sent that them After School. we... relax car! You'll your free $7.00 1541x No.

from traffic worry, enjoying regularly."

AMERSCA'S FAVORITE scenicions. Saveroutes,yourfriendlymoney, yourcompancar, At this point her husband put

inso children became time, "Our your and yourself—by in, BIBLE TEACHER'S

trip! every Greyhound they that in terested Sunday School Teacher's Bible in this price range No other

contains all these features: Persian Morocco made me curious. I thought I'd lined, There's something about a binding, covers, leather overlapping

India paper, 4% x 7 inches and only \% of Greyhound that makes it go and see what they did in that thick. references, an inch Contains Conthe friendly way to travel! Sunday School. I did, and the

cordance, selected teacher's helps. plus maps,

Wonderfully readable Clearblack type, selfvery next week the missionaries pronouncing. Giftpak box included.

2400x No. Only $9.95 called at our home. Soon they had

Ask to see other my wife and me both interested,

Harper Bibles and Testaments at your and before long I was baptized. Store Book

HARPER & BROTHERS, PUBLISHERS Now I'm an elder."

(Concluded on page 174) *,"M"- "172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... Another Ford Truck First FOR 52

THREE

completely new

ENGINES! save up to 14% on gas

Engineered for modern Speed Hauling, anotiier for costs are due running truck Your these three new engines combine the '52! Shortstroke for with Ford Trucks drop, new

advantages of: design of the new Ford Truck engines means less

drag.—less friction travel per roadmile OVERHEAD VALVES piston

is sacrificed power to friction—more Less power

for deeper, direct "breathing"! becomes hauling power! You save as much as one

gallon of gas in every seven!

HIGH COMPRESSION And for '52, the worldfamous 239 cu. in. Ford

h.p.! Big to 106 engine The is upped V-8 Truck

... with regular gas! great Five 112 h.p.! to advanced Six is Now

Ford Truck engines, all with the gassaving Power

SHORT STROKE Pilot! Over 275 series power combinations, to let

cuts piston travel up to 20%! you choose a Ford Truck "tailored"exactly right

for Your hauling job!

LOW FRICTION for greater delivered power! Now FIVE great Ford Truck engines

101-h.p. Cost Clipper 145-h.p. Cargo King

engines LowFriction Friction LowFriction V-8: New Lowcut Six: New

to travel onepiston up cu. in. design. in. 279 design. 215 cu.

fifth. the of power More

ordinarily held "captive"106-H.P. V-8: 239 cu. in. 155-h.p. Cargo King

LowFriction New in over 2,000,- V-8: is friction liberated, put Proved by

cu. in. design. 317 000 trucks. for to you! work

112-h.p. Big Six: 254 cu. in.

Ford Trucks for '52 cost still less to run f SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER MARCH 1952 173 What Started You Coming

To Church? YEAR AFTER YEAR!

(Concluded from page 172) Another brother, a newly orhis that elder, explained dained of the been had a member THE HAMMOND mother

Church and his father was not. IS THE His mother had died when he was

LARGEST SELLING aknowledgebaby, andof hethe grewChurch,up notwithevenno

CHURCH ORGAN thelongedfactor thatthat hishe hadmotherbeenhadblessedbein the L.D.S. Church. He married

IN THE WORLD! an L.D.S. girl. Some years later

they received an unexpected visit

BECAUSE from a strange man, an uncle of 1. Costs so much LESS yet you get so much more. his mother's, who had just learned

2. Never gets out of tune. of the brother's whereabouts and

3. Cold, heat or dampness can never affect it. made a special trip from Salt Lake

4. Very easy to play. City to see him. The uncle told

5. Takes up so much less room. him that he had promised the young

man's mother to see that her boy—Call upon us or write—was baptized into the Church, and

he had come for that purpose. After

consultation with the bishop, this GLENBROS. MUSIC brother was baptized and ordained

74 South Main a priest.

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO "It made no difference to me whether I was baptized or not,"he recalls, "so you know I wasn't a very enthusiastic member. I

was willing for my family to go "General education makes an admirable foundation for any type to and take part as they had been of employment. But

enter business or any of the professions, one doing, but I seldom went along. In

must have specialized training to provide an those days I had a nice garden on 'opening wedge'."all weeds—Harvey S. Firestone my acre out here—it's

now! My boy and I used to work

to me, 'You know, Dad, it's TAKE TIME TO LEARN insaidit every Sunday. One day he

wrong to work on the Sabbath.'

After that I worked in it alone. An-... IT WILL PAY YOU other Sunday he came home from

A few months of extra training may pay you $25 to $50 extra each stake conference and said that the month on your beginning job. Inquire about the opportunities L.D.S. stake president had said, 'Any

offers Business College course, business you: complete warm, sincere father who won't come and bring friendliness, outstanding and are qualified. job placement when you

his children doesn't deserve to have hard, pretty struck That me > them.'i L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE the to go. Right so I started away 70 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah—Write today for a

Please send me your FREE bulletin of information. men assigned to the adult members FREE of the Aaronic Priesthood were

BULLETIN. Name * after me, and they stuck right with

Clip coupon and Address me, until now I'm an elder."

paste on a post card. Viewing the responses to this

City State question, What started you coming to Church, it seems that the answer—someonemight be summedwas interested.up in three Shouldwords

For Your Reading Pleasure Each Month of the Year we not all look well about us? There

might be someone nearby who attention, interested a little needs THE IMPROVEMENT ERA persistent urging, and some gentle 12 Issues $2.50 and he, too, may start coming to

Church! 174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'This I Believe"

a series of;: SS|h

distinguished radio:M

broadcasts with:. 7.—-.! -. i-

Edward R. Murrow

presenting"the personal philosophies i 1 of Helen Keller, Quentin Reynolds, fhl Pearl Buck, Gen. Lucius D. Clay

and many other

: * noted Americans.

10:00 o'clock

each weekday

$$& im evening

alii

KSL/

MARCH 1952 175 THE BOOK OF MORMON SPEARS (Continued from page 161) of God which did dwell in the hearts of the their Lord and their God, continuing in people.

fasting and prayer, and in meeting toAnd there were no envyings, nor strifes, gether oft both to pray and to hear the nor tumults, nor whoredoms, nor lyings, word of the Lord. nor murders, nor any manner of lasciviousAnd it came to pass that there was no ness; and surely there could not be a hapcontention among all the people, in all the pier people among all the people who had

land; but there were mighty miracles been created by the hand of God.

wrought among the disciples of Jesus... There were no robbers, nor murderers,

And it came to pass that there was no neither were there Lamanites, nor any mancontention in the land, because of the love ner of -ites; but they were in one, the chil-

<UJo i/Ue J\now l/ukat We Want?

RICHARD L EVANS

all closer of to having us could what we come A'lmost sure were what want, Of we wanted. we knew if we

course we know we want the "happiness"that we have been wishing one another, and "peace"and "plenty"—and

some other things that perhaps we could call by name. But

we must answer these questions also: What would make us

happy? What would give us peace? How much would we

need to have before we thought we had "plenty"? Perhaps

we could answer by pointing to people who seem to have what we think we want. But they aren't always happy

either. And if what they have doesn't make them happy,

how can we be so sure that it would make us happy? Sometimes we set our hearts on unessential things and think we

can't be happy unless we have them. And if our minds are

fixed in a false direction, perhaps we can't. But many things

we once thought we wanted, we soon tired of after we got them. And even if we don't tire of them, even if we use

and appreciate them, often they don't make the difference between happiness and unhappiness. It isn't that having

things is a barrier to happiness. It's just that some of the

things we think we want don't make as much difference as we thought they would. In this blessed land we live in,

the earth is provident; our comforts, our luxuries, our conveniences are proverbial. But even though the realities we

have in our hands are much more than kings could once have had—can anyone honestly say that people are happier

than they ever were? And yet others look at us and say,

"If we had what they have, we would be happy."Perhaps

it wasn't intended that complete contentment should come in this life. Perhaps the reaching and the searching were

meant to be so. But those who come closest to happiness

are those who know what they want and are on their way;

who have some good goal and are willing to work for it, and who have a settled faith in divine plan and purpose—faith

in an ultimately worthwhile end, that helps them to survive the intervening shocks. And perhaps more people are unhappy because they don't know where they're going or what

G-CeonjanAthey want than because they can't have what they want.

Jhe Jpohen lA/ord FROM temple SQUARE 65 WEST FIRST SOUTH PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING—and Bennett's Branches and Dealers SYSTEM, JANUARY 6, 1952

throughout the Intermountain Region. Copyright, 1952

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dren of Christ, and heirs to the kingdom of God.

And how blessed were they! For the Lord

did bless them in all their doings; yea, even

they were blessed and prospered until an hundred and ten years had passed away;

and the first generation from Christ had passed away, and there was no contention in all the land. (IV Nephi 1:2, 7, 1013,

1518.) Why righteous peoples prosper The reason why a nation existing on a high spiritual level prospers should be obvious: The wealth produced is used for beneficial things

and not wasted and destroyed. The

Prophet Alma makes an observation in his time that strikes at the heart of the matter:

For those who did not belong to their church did indulge themselves in sorceries, and in idolatry or idleness, and in babblings, and in envyings and strife; wearing costly

apparel; being lifted up in the pride of their

own eyes; lying, thieving, robbing, committing whoredoms, and murdering, and all

manner of wickedness. (Alma 1:32.)

In the following account Enos shows what may happen to a nation that turns from God:

And I bear record that the people of Nephi did seek diligently to restore the Lamanites unto the true faith in God. But

our labors were vain; their hatred was fixed,

and they were led by their evil nature that ferocious, they a wild, and became and IT'S THE full people, bloodthirsty of idolatry and SEE WHY FARMERS SAY filthiness; feeding upon beasts of prey; dwelling in tents, and wandering about in the

wilderness with a short skin girdle about their loins their heads shaven; and and LIGHTEST RUNNING

their in the the bow, and in skill was cimeter, and the ax. And many of them did

eat nothing save it was raw meat; and

they continually seeking to destroy us. were HARVESTER FORAGE

1:20.) (Enos Harvester. Turn the knifewheel pulley Take a look at a Case Forage

it keeps on going. This easyThe distrust and insecurity that by hand. Notice how easy it turns, how

"the things that make Case is just one rolling wheel of the many forgets that to a nation come God oilbath bearings, Antifriction Harvester."Forage Lightest Running

in are observed his study by Moroni gears, of the Jaredite nation. The followmoving highstrengthparts—all leavesteelsextraforpowerlight forweight,cuttingsimpleextradesigntons everywith day.few ing observation of the of one period

rowcrop, use interchangeable models LongCut and Standard history Jaredite should be a warning Both a full units. Both cutterbar do good work with pickup, and windrow of to all nations our time:

2-plow tractor, have strength and capacity to make use of 5-plow power.

And now there began to be a great curse Engine attachment available.

upon all the land because of the iniquity of the people, in which, if a man should lay tool his shelf, his or or his sword upon STOW to shut SiNDTOHTHtTULL don't have upon You it, place the whither keep behold, he would field, waiting in the:": "n?";:'''T'- "'"feE;r down

line full could find it, so he the morrow, upon of not a tractors builds and 25 for Blower Case the Case Forage those margin or write in machines. farm Markgreat great the curse land. the was upon to puts surprisup. It I. catch Co., Case need. Mail coupon to J. you may

Wherefore every man did cleave unto that ing tonnage into tall silos, Dept. C-44, Racine, Wis.

Baler Automatic Forage his hands, with which LongCut his own, was and with power. moderate Has Self.Propelled Harvester

neither would he lend; not borrow would Combines features, reliable StandardCut safety

hilt of his the every and sword man kept in springhinged hopper. AuForageHarvesterBlower PullTypeCombines of his his right in the hand, propdefence (Give size, available tomatic unloader

erty and his own life and of his wives and for falseendgate wagons.

children. (Ether 14:1-2.) Works fine as grain blower, NAME We may not think that such a too.your GetCase fulldealer.details from POSTOFFICE

situation is possible in our fair land, RFD STATE (Concluded on page 178) MARCH 1952 177 THE BOOK OF MORMON SPEARS It's (Concluded from page 161) with your substance, that they may be rich EASY but some of the front pages of our like unto you.

riches, seek for ye for seek before ye But newspapers arouse dark forebodings.

of God. the kingdom

in a hope obtained after ye have TO PLAY". And

Riches do not mean spiritual decline Christ ye shall obtain riches, if ye seek

Contrary to the prevailing point them; and ye will seek them for the intent

to of view, riches do not necessarily to do good—to clothe the naked, and

feed the hungry, and to liberate the capbring about spiritual decline. The tive, and administer relief to the sick and

nations of Europe impoverished by the afflicted. (Jacob 2:1719.)

war have suffered a greater spiritual decline than have the nations which King Benjamin advised those who retained their prosperity. The Book could not exercise spirituality by actuof Mormon bears witness to the same ally giving to others to nevertheless

thing. Consider the long periods of develop the right attitude,

prosperity and righteousness referred to above. And listen to this observaye...haveall not:you Iwhowoulddenythatthe yebeggar,say inbecauseyour

tion of Mormon about the Nephites hearts that: I give not because I have not,

in the days of Alma: but if I had I would give. (Mosiah 4:24.)

thus, in their And prosperous circumblessed nations he American may The stances, they did not send away any who ELECTRONIC the nations American upon The were naked, or that were hungry, or that ORGAN were athirst, or that were sick, or that had continent have an abundance of renot been nourished; and they did not set sources before them. They occupy a

It's just "natural"for their anyhearts riches; upon therefore they cannot they goodly land. But become

liberal were all, to both old and young, oror used one to a piano love truly prosperous without of God free, both bond and both male female, and gan to quickly get the whether out of the church or in the church, and fellow men which alone enables having respect no to persons as to those of his labors. to enjoy the fruits man "feel"of Connsonata. in stood who need. recently Babson Roger made W.

thus they And did is it prosper and Everything become where this observation: pointed far more wealthy those than did not who

. inexshould be.. even belong to their church. 1:3031.) (Alma

easily perienced But what causes these fluctuations in hands

Of a later period we read: crisesbusinessare andcausedprices?by spiritualStatisticscauses,showratherthat readmusic"learn to "make

ily. See it yourself. Call strength,But notwithstandingor their prosperity,their riches,they wereor theirnot thanrighteousnessfinancial,ratherand prosperitythan of materialis the resultthings.of

9-7633 or write for demonlifted up in the pride of their eyes; neither These spiritual forces are the true fundastration. No obligation. The wereGod; theybut slowthey todidrememberhumble themselvesthe Lord theirexmentalsFundamentalsof prosperity.of Prosperity,(Rogerp. W.73.) Babson,

Connsonata is ideal for ceedingly before him. (Ibid., 62:49.)

The words of Mormon, who perchurches and homes. Prosperity brings opportunities to sonally saw a civilization destroy

exercise spirituality itself, should be a constant warning:

Nephite The prophets did not look as J Daynes Music Co. I upon wealth a curse as but a They were once a delightsome people, and

blessing of God. In the hands of a they had Christ for their shepherd; yea,

led they the were Father. even by God

it spiritual the of man opened door MM. led they behold, are But now, about by Main, Salt Lake South 4547 for opportunity spiritual expression. is as chaff Satan, before even driven the University, 145 North Provo Consider the of is this as beauty or vessel philoswind, a tossed about upon

ophy: the waves, without sail or anchor, or without anything wherewith to steer her; and

Think of your brethren like unto youreven as she is, so are they. (Mormon 5:17selves, and be familiar with all and free 18.)

NEWESTFINEST AUTO FACILITIES Use our IF YOU LOVE SILENCE BUDGET PLAN By Courtney Cottam

ON MAJOR REPAIRS NEW OR REBUILT MOTORS Tf you love silence, do not seek this wood Hangs mystically on crag and canyon deep. Nothing Doivn—12 Months to Pay * And do not seek this mountain that I No faulty note disturbs this rhythmic calm;

know, Though thunderheads split wide, and wild

Lest that which sings its songs in solitude rains pound;

J. C. BURGESS CO. Enchant your heart and never let you go. The song is sung; the lyrics form and flow;

Downtown—Salt Lake City The solitude is vibrant with its sound.

DODGE and PLYMOUTH Seekpools,not the passive depth of springfed Seek not these passive ways, lest you shall 1000 South Main Street Deep woodland pools whose murmur beckfind ons sleep That silence breaks the heart and haunts the

And soothes and rests; exquisite peace mind.

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What does it take from an oil company to run an airlift?"

Ever since midsummer of 1950, military activity in Korea has called for heavy transpacific air traffic by civilian cargo planes. Over

onemiles—someof their routes26 timesthey flythe alengthround oftriptheoffamous13,450

Berlin airlift. Hundreds of companies help supply

this operation. Maybe you'd like to know wjiat it

takes from an oil company to run an airlift.

Standard's part in the Pacific airlift shows that it's a big help to have large companies on hand when the going gets rough. Our work is

focused mainly at Wake Island, that pinpoint some 4000 miles from the U. S. West Coast.

After World War II,Wake was a refueling stop for commercial airliners en route to the Orient. But

then came the struggle at the 38th parallel

Before trouble kindled in Korea, only 20 planes a week refueled at Wake Island.

Then that number multiplied many times—calling for more gas fast. We'd been serving the island; when the U. S. asked us to

step up deliveries, we were able to do it.

As a big, integrated company, we called on our own tanker fleet.

To secure the special loading equip- t sggs? As air activity stepped up even

ment needed by the ground crews, a more, Wake needed larger ground

Standardavailable—shipat faroffpicked Cantonup the nearestIsland. crews.Using facilitiesStandard'sin Honolulu,bigness helpedwe quicklyagain.

And at U. S. request, we helped build trained men to handle highoctane gas,

new storage facilities at Wake. tripled our manpower on Wake.

To keep Wake and the airlift supplied |W on a regular basis, Standard drew once more on its tanker fleet. We now operate

*<?', a shuttle service to Wake from the Pacific

Coast. Again, being big and having our

own facilities helps us serve.

'/**/? <|sOf course, the transpacific airlift starts in America,

and at home on this end of the route Standard keeps some 10 airlines supplied with aviation gasoline. It would take a

stack of drums a mile high to hold our increased daily output for this use. At the same time, we're also supplying

military needs... and our usual volume for motorists.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

MARCH 1952 179 THE STORY OF YELLOWFACIi

(Continued from page 150) finally gave a description of the man

It was now necessary for them to whom they were seeking, Mrs. Olson

find the man to whom they were to knew at once that their search was go, and so a young brave by the ended. There could be no mistake:

name of Johnny Bushy, who was the Bishop Parker fitted the description official interpreter, was sent to the perfectly. Before leaving, Johnny

ranch house to tell Mrs. Olson of Bushy swore her to secrecy.

their mission. He related in detail When this news was taken back

all that had happened. When he (Continued on page 182)

Have you seen the newer NEWHOUSE We recently completed the first phase of our redecoration Ulnto Lack Ljeenerauontit for the gram Newhouse Hotel.proOne of the great hotels of the

west, striving to we are make it greater ever. than Drop in RICHARD L EVANS

and let us know how we are progressing.

,rPHERE is an impressive plea by Thomas Paine expressed in 1776 in this sentence: "If there must be trouble let it

be in my day, that my child may have peace."1 Perhaps we

J couldlet thembe permittedbe solved ainparaphrase:my day; if Iftherethere mustmust bebe debtsproblems,and

-ftSSB WESTERN H ICEEHB penalties,children maylet themhave beonlypaid,theirif possible,own burdensin myto day,bear.thatEachmy

generation has its own living to make, its own life to be

Seattle. lived. And if it were possible to give the young people of each

generation a fresh start without imposing upon them the penalties of the past, perhaps we could hold them more closely accountable for the use they make of their own opportunities. But as it is, they can almost always plead that their

problems were not of their own making, that the penalities of the past were placed upon them without their acquiescence.

Of course, we cannot constitute each generation a separate entity because life is continuous, and every day there are many thousands leaving and entering the scene. It isn't

quite as if a generation were an individual, all of whose acts could be defined within the limits of one lifetime. But isn't

it, in a moral sense, somewhat the same to extort from another generation as it is to extort from another man? At

least it is a question that should be conscientiously considered.

And might there not be a whole new feeling of earnest effort

Just Open A and a resurgence of selfreliance if we should commit ourSAVINGS ACCOUNT selves to paying for our own present and for our own past NOW!

and you will receive and to living within the limits of what we have, or less, rather with $50.00 or more

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen than placing a penalty upon our children and our children's and pencil set. children? Doing so would require sincere selfexamination

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to and could mean some rigid revision of attitudes toward taking $25,000.

32 years of continuous operation. from the future. But perhaps most of us look at our children

CURRENT Per at times and wish deeply from the depths of our souls that

DIVIDEND 3% Annum we could spare them the consequences of mistakes that we and other men have made. We shall not accomplish it all

Utah Savings at once, but if we honestly commit ourselves to its accomplishand Loan Association ment, we shall have made a magnificent move.

172 West Center, PROVO, UTAH MAIL HANDY COUPON Jke Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE or order Send your check money to PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Center, Utah Savings, 172 Provo, and your savings pass book and pen set SYSTEM, JANUARY 13, 1952 will be mailed to you immediately. Copyright, 1952

Name 1Thomas Paine, The American Crisis.

Address..... y

City;Zone....State.

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DESERET JVEWc 100.000

Now the largest total circulation of any single Salt Lake CityMountain West daily newspaper!

The Deseret News is the first Mountain West daily newspaper to reach the 100,000 circulation mark!

With this total achieved in four years since the expansion program was initiated, the Deseret

News now moves forward to new, higher circulation goals!

This spectacular, but sound, rise in circulation is the result of Mountain West readers'preference for the excellent news and picture coverage, exclusive features, and public service programs of the Deseret News.

Order the Deseret News delivered to your home today and enjoy these fine features:

SUNDAY MAGAZINE

FOOD IS FUN *>SCENE TODAY LES GOATES ADVERTISING AFIELD & STREAM SPORTS

KEEPS PACE

Advertisers know that the increased circulation of the Deseret News builds plus business 1B)EIEMT MfEW through higher readership. This STILL GROWING.. STILL GROWING BETTER

is shown by a substantial 67% Represented Nationally by Cresmer and advertising linage increase Woodward Inc.—Puck, the Comic Weekly

MARCH 1952 181 FIRST CHOICE! The Story of Yellowface

{Continued from page 180) Hotel Utah's Popular Coffee Shop surelyto camp,it wouldthe Indiansnot be longrejoiced,until thefor "Big Boss,"as he was now called, would return to the ranch. But

disappointment was once more to try their faith and patience, for Bishop

Parker's visits were always hurried ones. The ward and home were seven

miles from the ranch, and the fastest means of going and coming was Before a Show horseback, so, although he had been told the Indians were very anxious to see him, he had supposed they were only wanting permission to hunt and trap, or some other of the many favors that the other Indians were always asking, and he had made no special effort to see them. They had

moved their camp up the river a mile away from the ranch house, and when they came to the house he was not there, for, while at the ranch, he did not stay at the house but was out on the range with the cattle. At

last they made known to Mrs. Olson

that they had a very important message for him. Several weeks passed.

One day in November there was a blizzard so severe that to ride the range was useless. The snow fell

so thick and fast that only a few feet around could any object be discerned.

Bishop Parker was at the ranch, and Jkanks for after lunch he proposed to Mr. Olson

that they go down and see what it

Mr. wanted. Indians the that was the Smite in

for to go, too glad only Olson was

Your Voice hethe anxietyand Mrs.of theOlsonCreeshadand witnessedhad been

curious to know what it could mean.

Often we hear comments The two men arrived at the camp.

on the courtesy of tele Smoke was rising from the tepees.

people, too, were not venturphone people—and we're These

mighty glad to have them. ing; far from shelter. Outside one of

For our part, we would like the tepees two fur buyers were barterto say a word about the courtesy of those who use the ing with Yellowface and the men for telephone. some furs and hides, and no one

noticed the approach of the visitors

Your cooperation is always a big help in maintaining until Mr. Olson spoke, telling Yelgood telephone service and we want you to know how lowface that he had brought the

much we appreciate it. "Big Boss."Yellowface turned; an

expression of joy covered his face as

The Mountain States Telephone tj Telegraph Co. he shook hands with the men. He

then gave two shrill yells which startled his visitors. He dismissed

the fur buyers without ceremony and for your family s reading pleasure led the men to his own big tent in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thenoticed,centeras oftheythe wentenclosure.towardsTheythe

12 Issues $2.50 tent, that everybody was hurrying in

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the same direction. At the tent door

they noticed quite a commotion going on inside. Several dogs, which had

been enjoying the shelter and warmth of the tent, were being driven out by the chief's squaw with a big stick and with so much force behind it that they were losing no time in making their getaway. The chief's

two daughters were cleaning up the tent, and they arranged the seat by MOTHER'S INFLUENCE IS THE MOST spreading a robe on the floor and IMPORTANT THING IN THE WORLD placing a box upon it, then spreading Yes, Mother, children are what parents them! make learned child Habits while your of mountain robe this a beautifulover

still is completely dependent you upon all ready, was skin.lion When his character, to happiness, everything mean

Yellowface took Bishop Parker by and success in later years.

the arm and invited him to be seated, PLANNED TRAINING is the only sure placing his interpreter at one side of way to foster your child's most desirable the tent, standing, and he himself tendencies. Countless parents have found

standing opposite where he could sec My Book House Plan of Child Developthe faces of both. Mr. Olson squatted ment a sure guide for building emotional

security, selfreliance confidence and With Parker, Brother side of the bydown its help of decide today the type can you others all of the signal, aand, at will child adult your be tomorrow.

crowded into the tent and sat upon the floor. The two daughters of TAKETHIS THEPRACTICALFIRST STEPAND NOWSUCCESSFULLEARN PLANMORE ABOUT...

Yellowface sat directly in front of FILL OUT THE COUPON BELOW!

Bishop Parker with their beadwork.

All was done with wonderful order, Colorfuland then all was still. Yellowface 2

spoke, nodding to Brother Parker:

Parker Brother talk,"he said,"You Booklets NEW of the nature dreamed nothad what how habits are formed; oi FOR YOU—Tells

their mission, and he had felt a peto expect during each phase of your child's culiar feeling all during the time growth;early yearsthe inimportanceestablishingof PlanneddesirableTrainingcharacterin

they had been gathering themselves traits that will last all through life.

about him. What did it mean? Why FOR YOUR CHILD—In full color, the famous

all this honor? Then he answered, character building story of "The Little Engine

"No, I came to hear you, to see what That Could"that teaches determination.

you want. They said you had a MAIL THIS COUPON OR SEND POSTCARD

message for me.""No,"said YellowTHE BOOK HOUSE FOR CHILDREN. Dept. IE32,360 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago 1, III.

face, "you have a message for us. I would like to receive more inlormation about your practical

Tell us about our forefathers."Plan of Child Development and the 2 colorful booklets—FREE!

Name Bishop Parker was so surprised and so thrilled at the experience that he AddressZone or hardly knew what to say or where City -Count Y-..Stateto begin. His life and work had been

in the frontier. He had never been Children'sand Ages Namesare: \j

a student of scripture nor given to study to a great extent of any books.

He had read the Book of Mormon, knew its truthfulness and worth, and he had studied it in some classes in EVERY

Sunday School; but, to tell it as hewas now expected to do, he felt HUMANwholly unable. Offering a silent NEED

for to Fatherprayer his Heavenly

i Students Young University at Brigham—YOUR

help, the story of Lehi and began he life university a wellbalanced Church—receive

his family leaving Jerusalem. He when they mix study with fun, work, prayer, and

worship. Their activities answer every human

spoke a few sentences then waited need. Plan to balance your life... register this

while the interpreter repeated the spring at...

story to the Crees in their own language. Brigham Young Universityten sight—thoseIt was aduskyneverto-beforgot-faces upturned

(Concluded on following page) MARCH 1952 183 THE STORY OF YELLOWFACE

(Concluded from preceding page) in November, and it was with regret to him, watching every movement of that they had to stop and return to his lips, drinking in with, oh, such the routine of life. But they were

interest, every word he spoke! No happy, all of them, in the blessings

...at less cost onestatues.moved.For fiveTheyhours seemedthey listenedlike of Thethe day.Book of Mormon was placed

ordinary to the story of their forefathers. Yelin the hands of the Crees and there

than lowface stood raised to his full height. were some among them who could

flooring"He was tall and straight as an arrow, read. Many of them, however, could

his arms folded across his breast. He not and so Mr. Olson invited them to

Hi*. did not move. He asked a question the ranch and, during the long winnow and then or offered an explanater evenings, Mrs. Olson read to

SO SIMPLE! tion as to why they had come and them.

of their trials and the signs which Concerning this experience Mrs.

...you can lay it yourself they had received. His daughter, Olson said: "My husband invited

with needle in hand and bead in the them to the ranch, and many eveThe answer to all your other, sat for the whole five hours nings I read to them the Book of dreams of a without so much as moving a muscle Mormon. The living room was not

large, the furniture was meager; beautifulfloor tileis of her face, it seemed. too

HAKO AsThe story progressed with wonderthere were not enough chairs, but phalt Tile. A ful success, for the Lord did indeed they would crowd into the living

durable, resilhelp with his spirit and power to room as many as could and seemed ient, economical flooring, bring to the memory of the relator happy to sit on the floor or wherever featuring modern new pastel things long forgotten, to give him they could. I would sit at the end and standard colors in endless

patterns and combinations. power when he had waited for the of the table with the Book of MorYour floor can be the delight interpreter to repeat his words to the mon. Johnny Bushy would stand

and envy of all your friends. Indians in their own tongue, and his beside me. I would read a few sentile is asphalt factory HAKO

waxed, easy to clean, its interest had been diverted in watchtences and then he would explain it retains bright beauty. See your friendly ing their expressions and interest, to in the Cree language. There was

lumber dealer today and learn take up the story again without hesione old man I remember in particular, how you can enjoy a beautiful custom floor at less Ci>St than tation and to make the story impreshe was gray and bent and walked ordinary flooring. sive to the ones to whom it meant with a cane, he wanted to know how

so much—who they were, where they it was that his people had always

came from, why they were darkbeen driven from their hunting

FACTOR YSJIIlB—WAXED skinned and what the future held grounds by the white people. When

forefathers and been how had his his told Brother Parker had When TILE ASPHALT for them. explaining over again how ruthless a dark with them had cursed God to his peostory, turned Yellowface USED WHEREVER BEAUTIFUL

FLOORS ARE DESIRED! ple and, in their own tongue, talked skin, he made a strange moaning

sound and the tears ran down his and, serious tones, in very an hour Ask your Friendly Lumber Dealer '. for

could not face."Parker Brother although

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. understand the words, he felt the Yellowface and his band camped

Building Material Distributors spirit and knew he was teaching them for the winter months on the Church 205 NO. 3rd WEST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and exhorting them to live good lives. property and in the spring returned

BOISE, TWIN FALLS, POCATB1LO, IDAHO RENO, NEVADA Then, speaking again through the to their camping grounds near Rocky interpreter, he held his right hand Mountain House. The following fall

up and said he knew what had been they again made a trek to the south spoken was true. "For the Great and were welcomed back on the HERE ISl Spirit has told me here,"he said, Church ranch.

REAL HAIRI layinghe toldhismanyhand thingsupon hisof breast.the legendsThen ingChiefthis Yelloweyessecond wintertold amenumberthat durof

the forefathers of White visited, Great of his tribe ward the on occasions, people. his to said ministering Spirit services in He Mountain View. He BEAUTY 1

also told of experiences his own father thev were made welcome both in the

Creamed I had had with visitations from the homes of the Saints and in ward *'|L spirit world, things which he confunctions, religious and social.

Shampoo begged ArtW so sacred him that he I sidered obstacles, of problems Regardless WITH 2% POWDERED gQM / JB for fear they repeat not to them it seems to conditions, me that and if your hair needs might not be told as they really were. our duty today is clear. The Lord

Brother Parker has never revealed led these Indians to our doors forty help.., -

it is my faith that he it needs L*D-J these things to anyone. years ago and

Night comes early in that country will do it again if we do our part.

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt LakeOgden

MARCH 1952 185 Onchizedekpage twentyonePriesthoodof Handbookthe Melthe following definite instruction is given to the presidents of all Melchizedek Priesthood quorums throughout the Church: "A weekly

meeting of the quorum presidency be held."should General The AuPRIESTHOOD QUORUM PRESIDENCIES'ofthorities are thoroughthe Church

ly convinced that the holding of this so vital to the successmeeting is of COUNCIL MEETINGS presidencies that they putquorum the foregoing statement in the handbook in boldfaced type in order that council meetings? Among the answers chizedek Priesthood quorums follow

it may not be overlooked by any are the following: First, it is at these the instructions and examples of the

priesthood presidency. meetings that all quorum problems foregoing listed officers, if they hope

General instructions regarding the are discussed and preparations made to magnify their callings and prove "Quorum Presidency Meeting"are for their solutions; second, the minworthy in the sight of the Lord, as

found on page thirtytwo and thirtyutes of previous meetings are read; it is for the General Authorities,

three of the Melchizedek Priesthood third, unfinished business is pursued; stake presidencies and bishoprics to

Handbook. It is recommended that fourth, committee reports are given; hold weekly council meetings. Thereall Melchizedek Priesthood presidents fifth, assignments and recommendafore, the General Authorities once

reread those instructions and follow tions to be presented at quorum meetagain urge all Melchizedek Priestthem. The suggestion that "council ings are prepared; sixth, business hood quorum presidencies throughout

meetings should be held just as often items for next quorum meeting are the Church to hold their council as circumstances warrant, but at least prepared; seventh, individual probmeetings at least weekly. The same

weekly"is reemphasized on page lems of every quorum member are procedure is highly recommended for thirtytwo. discussed and ways and means debishoprics, stake presidencies, branch

A study of the number of Melvised for working with the less active presidencies, and other leaders in chizedek Priesthood quorum presiones. To summarize: It is at the Melchizedek Priesthood work.

dency meetings held throughout the president's council meetings that all

Church during the first three quarters problems concerning the quorum or of 1951 reveals the fact that as a individual quorum members are pregeneral rule quorum presidencies sented and preparations made for seem not to be seriously accepting the their solutions. In other words, it is

instructions of the Melchizedek the preparatory meeting which makes

Priesthood Handbook and those of priesthood quorums function effecNO-LIQUORthe General Authorities on this mattively for the benefit of every quorum ter. The average number of council member.

meetings that should have been held The fact should be emphasized TOBACCOeach quarter was thirteen. It is reagain that experience has definitely

grettable to find that during the first proved to the General Authorities nine months of 1951 ninetythree presidencies perfor that in order quorum cent of presidencies of their the at the quorum to function to meet Louumn maximum

Church held fewer than the average prevailing conditions and definite of thirteen council meetings a quarter needs, they should hold weekly counand that only seven percent of the cil meetings. If they do not, it is CONDUCTED BYquorum presidencies of the entire impossible for them to complete all

Church held meetings weekly or quorum business successfully, do oftener. In fact, ten percent of the sufficient intelligent work with inpresidencies held no council meetings active quorum members, and in all IDr. rfoiepk Jr. fy/errill

during the first nine months of 1951; ways fully magnify their callings as OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

fourteen percent held monthly counpresidents of Melchizedek Priesthood cil meetings; and fifteen percent held quorums.

them less than once a month. Thus, The First Presidency of the Church

thirtynine percent of the Melset the example by holding their chizedek Priesthood quorum presicouncil meetings at least once each REPEAL AFTER TWENTY YEARSdencies of the entire Church held week. The Council of the Twelve,

council meetings either once a month the First Council of the Seventy, and or less, instead of holding them weekthe Presiding Bishopric follow a Relative to what we said in this ly according to instructions. similar pattern; and, generally speakcolumn in the January issue of

The question is sometimes asked: ing, stake presidencies and bishoprics the Era, it may be informative

"Why should it be considered necesfind it necessary to meet at least once to learn what has been the situation sary for all Melchizedek Priesthood each week. Certainly it is just as since repeal was effected in December

quorum presidencies to hold weekly imperative that presidencies of Mel1933. We hereby reproduce an arti186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

are finding that great expenditures of time and money must be made for comparatively little accomplishment.

In 1940, there were 600,000 alcoholics. In 1950, there were 950,000.*

While we move forward one foot, we slip back two. It is perfectly obvious

cle from the December 31, 1951, penditure is not truly productive, rethat in dealing with alcoholism, we number of The Clipsheet, a publicagenerative, socially, or economically should do something to prevent the tion of The Board of Temperance of wholesome; aside from that part of making of alcoholics as well as someThe Methodist Church, which keeps the amount which represents taxes, thing to rehabilitate them after they

its readers informed of the current the expenditure must be regarded as are made.

situation relative to the liquor traffic economic loss. Studies developed "The relations between vast disand its many everpresent evils. It from the report of the Massachusetts tilling and brewing interests and

does appear, furthermore, that the legislative investigation of the cost of racketeers of the most terrible charliquor industry gets bolder and bolder alcohol consumption to that state, acter, the shocking abuses in the rein publicizing more and more widely leads to the conclusion that there is tail liquor trade, the great river of its products, giving the wholly false an indirect cost approximately as crime which issues from the doors of impression that to drink is smart. We great as the direct cost. taverns, cocktail rooms, and night

suggest that our readers read care- "Repeal was politically violent, in clubs, the corruption of politicians...

fully the informative, but conservathat it was brought about by the bold the piling of one billion upon antively written article that follows: encouragement of law violation and other and all upon the back of the

"The people of the United States involved the purging of the higher suffering taxpayer (entirely aside have now had nearly twenty years'echelons of political control in a manfrom defense expenditures), the disexperience with the complex of adner which has brought about class integration of the American culture justments and problems coming under and group alienations injurious to pattern under the pressure of forces the name of "Repeal."the country. 'which knew not Joseph'—all of

"It may be justly assumed that "For years there has been a steady this challenges America today, at a no honest, intelligent, and disinterdisregard, almost a contemptuous distime of national and world crisis.

ested man or woman can say that regard, for the righteous convictions Possibly, the forces which were so repeal has been successful. and deepseated feelings of many completely unrestrained in their

millions of the American people. We methods of opposing Prohibition can-

"On the contrary, it confronts the cite in support of this statement, the not be controlled by the American country with the characteristic evils continuing invasion of Christian people. Does that mean that nothing

of the old saloon, the iniquities of homes by liquor advertising, which can be done? Can we not at least

which have been complicated by a even makes use of radio and television salvage something from the economic, great increase in drinking by women to indoctrinate children in a custom political, social, and moral disaster?

and young people. which menaces their welfare and "The Board of Temperance of The

"No effective restrictions have been their very lives. This is done with Methodist Church suggests that we

put upon the promotion of the drinkno regard whatever for the conviccan, and the first step should be the ing custom, a promotion motivated tions and wishes of parents, the legalabsolute barring of the airways to wholly by an inordinate appetite for lyrequired teachings of the public liquor advertising."

dividends and which rests upon a school, and the sermonic admonitions full alliance between politics and heard in many thousands of ProtAnd may we suggest barring other trade exploitation. This has visited estant churches. These ruthless peoways of advertising also. Temperance

upon the country an amazing corrupple, having seized effective control, advocates have gone to Washington tion. are striving 'to make America over,'several times in recent years and have

before senahearings accorded been it its historic loose shake from and repeal, the the first year of "Since bills of committees in advocacy principles, moral fundamental and torial capita of liquorsper consumption has of alcoholic advertising to prohibit it to of future blatancy, a consign increased approximately twoand- vulgarity, publiclyrecognized imbeverages. But no committee has

onehalf times.

morality, waste, inefficiency, and conyet, to our knowledge, reported favor- "Drunkenness, drunken driving, fusion. ably on such a bill. Why? The indrink-crazed crime, alcoholism, and "What is to be done? Certainly ference has been that brewing and

all the consequences of drinking, have the present groping is largely futile. distilling interests are too powerful.

increased in like proportion. Much There is an enormous interest at the To permit the manufacture, distribuof this is clearly indicated by examimoment in the problem of alcoholtion, and sale of alcoholic beverages

nation of the annual reports of the ism, and much is being attempted by to meet legitimate demands of adults

Federal Bureau of Investigation, and private and public agencies for the is one thing. But to stimulate and

the facts in regard to alcoholism are rehabilitation of alcoholics. Alcopromote this demand, especially

supported by the highest academic holics Anonymous has had much sucamong minors, is something else. In

authority. cess, and religious agencies have the light of all the evils incident to

"The national liquor bill is now likewise accomplished much that is drinking, advertising these beverages $8,760,000,000.00 (last report of the humane and worthy. Men charged is immoral and should be stopped.

Department of Commerce). This exwith public responsibility, however, *Dr. E. M. Jellinek, Yale University.

MARCH 1952 187 Keeping Aaronic Priesthood Members Active Is What Passing the Sacrament

Infinitely Better Than Overcoming Inactivity Means to Me

Cne of the saddest commentaries on and underestimated barrier to a boy's our work as Aaronic Priesthood continued activity.

leaders is that some boys are permitted Then, there are leaders who could to become inactive when there is so exercise a little more care in avoiding much for every one of them to do in offense. Offending a boy is another one c. ELDON

the Church. of "the greatest"reasons for his beWEBB

No other Church on earth affords coming inactive. The fact that a leader

young people the many opportunities "didn't mean to offend"makes little or no difference in the seriousness of thefor active participation in church work which are provided in the Church of offense. Leaders should exert their

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This every effort to avoid saying things they

is particularly true of the young men do not mean, and in saying what they who bear the Aaronic Priesthood. mean without giving offense.

It seems we are dealing only with

With such a preponderance of opthe "greatest reasons"for a boy's beportunities for activity, why are some of coming inactive. Let it not be overour young men relatively inactive? Shall looked, then, that among them we (Excerpts from an address delivered

we ask the boy—or shall we ask his should list the fact that a boy becomes during a recent quarterly conference of

leader? inactive because he is not kept active. the Palmyra (Utah) Stake by C. Eldon

There are, of course, many things If one reason for inactivity is greater Webb, a deacon, Spanish Fork Fourth which may contribute to a boy's bethan another, could not this one easily Ward.)

coming inactive, and it is not assumed head the list? Are not all other reasons

the leader is always wholly responsible. contributory to this one? \17hen I pass the sacrament, I know

But the leader must never assume that Assuming we are in agreement, then that I am performing a sacred servhe is without responsibility, either. should we not give first attention to ice. I take pride in doing it as I think

One of the greatest single obstacles to overcoming "the greatest reason"for it should be done.

a boy's remaining active in the Church a boy's becoming inactive? How shall I think every deacon should be mindmay be discovered in the attitudes of we proceed? ful of his daily conduct. Setting a good

either or both of his parents in the The answer is not difficult: example each day is necessary in order

See that each bears boy the Aaronic who to the to sacrament pass to worthy be thishome. is condition present, When

is Priesthood given full to opportunity exof ward. the the memberslet it us recognize in a challenge, not ercise his priesthood authority through the

I carefully blessing to try to listen thea defeat. In instances, such many filling of carefully priesthood assignmade

water. bread the and pronounced onAaronic Priesthood leaders are actually ments each week.

I do this, it is easy for me tospending as much or more time with Let no one be overlooked, even for When the parents as with the boy in trying one week. Keeping Aaronic Priesthood have the right attitude. It makes me

to effect a change in attitudes, which members active is infinitely better than realize that each time I partake of the will remove this often undetermined having to overcome inactivity. sacrament, I promise to remember the

Savior and to keep his commandments and that, as I pass the sacrament to

Ward Teachers to Weed Out Iniquity others, I am assisting them in making

HpHE divine mandate, "See that there being subjected to a constant vexing asit possiblewell. to remember their covenants

is no iniquity in the Church,"places irritation. Individuals persisting in in- I want to be clean in mind and body

a tremendous responsibility on ward iquitous habits place themselves in actuwhen performing this duty. I want my

teachers. al bondage to Satan and, if continued, personal appearance to be good, by

Alma the younger describes the efare bound and shackled as a slave to wearing my best clothes and having fect of iniquity on those who succumb do his bidding. He compares their conthem clean and wellkept.

to its influences. In relating his unusual dition to that of being in a darkened, I want to perform this duty the best

experience, and his marvelous delivery bottomless abyss, where the light of I can. If I do this it will help me to

through repentance, he said, "My soul God is shut out of the mind and from form good habits that I hope will make hath been redeemed from the gall of which escape is most difficult. He porme worthy of advancement in the priestbitterness and bonds of iniquity. I was trays their suffering as being racked hood.

in the darkest abyss; but with behold now I torment and fraught with disthe light of marvelous couragement. soul God. My

was racked with eternal torment; but It is no wonder the Lord is anxious to yielded to its power. Those who have

I am snatched, and my soul is pained prevent iniquity fastening its binding fallen prey to the evils of iniquity can no more."(Mosiah 27:29.) chains upon his children. What an inonly overcome them through sincere

Sad indeed is the fate of those who valuable service ward teachers can and genuine repentance. Ward teachers

are overcoming by indulgence in iniquirender by protecting the members should teach the glorious principle of tous practices. Alma describes the condiagainst the ravages of iniquity, and by repentance to those in need of its retion of the souls of these victims as helping to liberate those who have deeming strength and influence.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rd

Jj3rrrepared im JLee vv. f-aitmer

Survey Indicates Few Aaronic Priesthood

Think it Over '7 love boys"is trite and veiled—Servicemen Interviewed By Bishops

unless the leader's actions proTt has frequently been recommended, First meeting, 134 present, 23 intervide the evidence, eloquent and and urged, that bishops take the time viewed, 22 received letters.

indisputable.—l.a.p. to interview personally each bearer of Second meeting, 146 present, 15 interthe Aaronic Priesthood (and each of all viewed, 20 received letters.

Avoid Embarrassment otherbefore malehe leavesmembersto engageof thein theChurch)miliviewed,Third 11meeting,received102letters.present, 9 interto Adult Members tary service of our country. The obFourth meeting, 119 present, 16 interjective of the interview should be a viewed, 16 received letters.

/"Coordinators and group advisers heartto-heart chat between the young This matter is serious. It is quite apshould guard against subjecting man and his bishop, with the giving of parent that our servicemen are not beadult members of the Aaronic Priestcounsel and advice geared to the needs ing given the attention it is desired they

hood to anything that may embarrass of the individual. receive from their bishoprics.

them. Therefore, stake Priesthood Aaronic It has also been that recommended of these willing are While many men are to committees this urged one make a of system correspondence between called to participate be should upon and their of projects major on. from now the bishop set and each absentee be

it is classes meetings, in to well and bishops with Check to counselors and in faithfully motion and followed a private agreement acceptance have and all see that of male the (1) members through.

to rather ask beforehand, than them are being interviewed Church before publicly to do what they may feel inca- A survey recently coming to our atleaving for military duty, (2) that an pable or unprepared to do. tention discloses some disquieting facts adequate system of correspondence is

These brethren generally are desirous concerning the apparent failure on the set in motion which will insure each of filling priesthood assignments accordpart of some bishops to carry through serviceman's receiving a letter, or ward ing to their respective offices, but are on the above recommendations. During bulletin, from thebishopric each month.

humiliated when it is directly or by inthe holding of four weekly meetings It is realized that such correspondence ference called to the attention of the with L.D.S. servicemen on one military may become heavy to bishops in view

congregation that they are or have been base, the following information was of their many other responsibilities.

inactive in the Church. brought to light: (number "present"However, the coordinator of the ward

Sometimes standing roll calls bring indicates L.D.S. servicemen in attendboy leadership committee will be of inembarrassment not only for the unance at meeting; number "interviewed"estimable assistance in all such corfavorable comparisons that are thus indicates number of servicemen interrespondence matters. In fact, this is

made, but also because of fear to stand viewed by bishop before leaving home; considered to be one of the coordinator's

before a group. number "received letters"indicates nummajor responsibilities

ber who had received letters from bishThe need for improvement in this op.) part of our program is apparent.

Collecting Fast Offerings HIGH PRIESTS ESTABLISH WARD TEACHING RECORD

From AH Homes

Not Always Necessary P\eacons should not be required to call at the homes of members of the Church to collect fast offerings when it is known they will contribute their offerings without the solicitation of the deacons; for instance, there is no purpose in requiring a deacon to call at the

homes of the bishop and his counselors.

There are others in the ward who frequently express a preference to pay their fast offerings at the chapel, each month.

In all cases we should respect the desires of the people concerned.

The system of collecting fast offerings is primarily to render a priesthood service which makes it more convenient for the members of the Church who preRIVERSIDE WARD TEACHERS, SAN BERNARDINO (CALIFORNIA) STAKE fer to have the deacons call each month, Front row: Dewey Sessions, James A. Robbins, Angus Westover, Bert L. Hayden,

or who would not otherwise enjoy the Harold E. Lofgreen. Back row: W. Gordon Hendry, Atrilla M. Mack, Orvel Nielsen,

blessings which follow the making of ClydeEachH. Bowles,of these JoelfaithfulR. Sedgwick,high priestsLeehasR. establishedJeppson, Harrya perfectMcCarroll,record inJamesward E.teachingDavis.

fast offering contributions. ranging from eight months to two years,

MARCH 1952 189 Every 1000 Miles! Daughter(ContinuedKnowsfromBestpage 157)

up the squirming child and began

Sludge, carbon and varnish can steal pacing the floor.

"Poor little fella, poor little fella,"power, waste gasoline, damage he kept repeating.

helpless stood looking a bit Carol parts, lead to costly repairs I for towel the then put a moment, on the plate again. When it was

hot, she held it in her arms a minute then spoke impatiently to her father. "Put him down, Dad, so I can lay the hot towel on his tummy."

Bart gave her an odd glance and put the baby down quickly. Drain Used Oil! They all stood over Jimmie waiting

for the heat to take effect.

Helen wiped the dampness from The safe thing is to hisHis littlehowlsfacecontinued,and dark, andfuzzy Helenhead.

drain engine oil every started to pick him up again.

Suddenly Carol turned to her par1000 miles. ents, her small figure rigid, dark

eyes luminous in her pale tense face.

"Now, if you two will just leave me alone with him,"she said sharply, "I'll soon have him over this. I

can't take care of him when you conso startled, Refill with UTOCO stantlyBart pickand himHelenup."were

they rushed from the room, and

Utoco heavy duty Motor Oil Carol closed the door with a slight gives the hardworking engine bang.

They stood rather sheepishly for of your car instant lubrica- a moment, then Bart threw back his tion... protection against head and laughed softly.

corrosion and deposits... "That's telling us,"he said.

maximum economy of operaHelen crossed the hall quickly into their room. She moved toward the

tion and maintenance. window, struggling to keep back the

tears. Her husband followed and

Complete line of ATLAS closed the door.

Tires, Batteries, Accessories He put his hands on her shoulders and turned her face toward him.

"Honey, you're not crying?"he

said in amazement.

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Helen fought for calmness.

"She doesn't need me, Bart; she

just, doesn't need me."Quick, Easy Way to

fttotvtte Folding STOP SMOKING heldHe hershookstillherwithshouldersa hardgentlygrip. then

"IT DOESNT COSTIT PAYS"Now you can stop smoking with no effort, "Why, you foolish gal,"he first easily, very comfortably, the day—or softly. exactly "Isn't that chuckled recent refunded. your The money FactoryDirect

discovery read have you about—medical NICOall tried to teach her what we'vePrices To absolutely harmless, guaranteed STOP, nonChurches toxic, forming. nonhabit Endorsed by selfreliant? be And, these years—to physicians. successfully thousands. Used bySchools Hotels A Wf druggist's for mail or good your we've a pretty At coupon today George, done bySocieties Dining Rooms free information sizes about available and W

if I so myself."job do say guarantee. moneyback Cafeterias Bill?'

Dept. Calif. Saint Helena, A, NICOSTOP, prices. He chuckled again. free information Please send and

WRITE FOR CATALOGManufactured by F*V*S.NEW Name "Listen,"he cocked his head todoor. stopped the has "Jimmie ward THE Address

7 3 CHURCHmoWV<yeSTREET COMPANYCOLFAX. IOWA sir, is yes, all right; crying. Carol

City State she's all right."

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He smiled down at Helen, and now she smiled back.

"Oh, Bart, you're such a comfort."

"Know what,"said Bart, as he held her, "what with all the excitement, I forgot the big news. Jim tried and

tried to get the line to phone Carol this morning, but the line was busy.

He called me just as I was leaving.

He's found an apartment and wants

Carol to pack at once."

"I must tell her,"he paused and looked with a grin toward Carol's door, "as soon as she comes out of the bedroom."

He sighed gently.

"Be kinda nice just to be comou'U enjoy summer school at the fortable and middleaged—and quiet University of Utah.

again, eh, my dear?"The 1952 summer session will be divided into two sixweek courses—June

J 10 to July 19 and July 21 to August 22.

The Church Moves On You can gain an entire quarter. Unusual

study opportunities for graduate and (Concluded from page 138) - under graduate students including c President A. George Raymondo inof teresting courses for freshmen are

the Stake was (Utah)"W Mt. Logan scheduled.

named president of the Logan Temple, succeeding Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, WORKSHOPS - CONFERENCES

Assistant of the Council of the Twelve. A distinguished faculty, brilliant speHeavy snows caved in the roof of the cialists from all parts of America, will

chapel of the Mammoth Ward, Santaconduct regular and special courses and quinTintic Branch. participate in Institutes, Conferences and

Work Shops.

27 wards,East TwelfthUniversityand(SaltWestLakeTwelfthCity) FUN FEATURES

Stake, created from the Twelfth Ward. And there'll be fun too, with canyon

Elder Lynn L. Williams, former bishop trips, tours, square dancing, swimming

festival, golf, in Great Salt Lake, musicof as the sustained Twelfth Ward, tennis, parties. are... There hundreds of the Eastbishop Twelfth Ward, and

Elder Wilford W. Kirton, Jr., sustained of interesting things to see and do in this Center of Scenic America.as bishop of the West Twelfth Ward.

Elder Marion G. Romney of the counYou'll find summer school at the 'U'

cil of the Twelve dedicated the bishops'both pleasant and profitable.

storehouse of the San Joaquin (California) Stake.

Write today for full information to Dean of Summer School

The new Primary Children's 28 Hospital began a week's scheduled of UNIVERSITY UTAH house."open SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

o A The appointment of Rita Jones * "Nash to the general board of the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement

Association was announced. Summjuv SchooL

Plans were announced for the formation of a school of engineering at BrigJdwv in.

ham Young University, to begin this fall. INCLUDES HAWAII... $429.00 plus tax

k Round trip by air—Salt Lake to Honolulu

six for weeks -t President David O. McKay

credit for University at hours 6 spoke irk TuitionRoom -*-** 1, of Hawaii 23 to before L.D.S. marriage June from August on temple

seminary and institute of religion stuOne way1952 or round trip steamer may be addents in Los Angeles. The seminary justed to suit your desires.

students are high school students, while the institutes of religion are for college UNIVERSAL TRAVEL students. Started than a slightly more

SERVICEyear ago, the seminaries in Southern

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE California now number twentyeight Phone 5-6215 Salt Lake City and have an enrolment of 676.

MARCH 1952 191 TODAY'S 5un Shepherd, EDITOR

whether young or old, keeps it at a minimum. The opposite of selflove

is outgoing love, which is a feeling WHAT IS LOVE?

Ill based on giving and doing things for others. In the family relationship this kind of activity is particuPROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH larly desirable—for all members!

Youth and adults who can put "I"

Rodin andlove.MargyThey thoughthad gonetheytogetherwere decidedadmittedtotostoptheirgoingparentstogether.and Bothclose groundand "me"positionsand "mine"and becomeinto backcon-

only four months but honestly friends they were not in love and cerned with "we,""our,""us,"and felt they were "meant for each other."were happy they were not married. "you"are developing maturity and

Rod had finished school and was Rod and Margy parted as friends strfengthening the family.

working in a service station. Margy rather than as divorced enemies, as Conjugal love is a feeling which

was a senior in high school. They is too often the case. develops from association and sharing

planned to be married a week after Many young people think they are activities and plans. Youth who use

her graduation. The parents on both in love because they have a strong the resources of their families develop

sides tried to discourage them. Some feeling toward someone of the op- a strong feeling which has deep meanfriends warned against their marryposite sex. Actually, many of them ing to them. As they move toward

ing while still in their teens; others haven't the slightest idea what love establishing a family of their own,

advised them to go ahead and marry, is; they are merely physically inthe sooner the better. fatuated.

in third a series This is the of decided Finally, and Margy is Rod a person, a feeling toward Love to addressed the of problems their bishop.to talk with He didn't object, brings principle or which teenager, deep articlesthe especially to the and

tell them what to do but asked some joy and elation. Many kinds and teenager in the family.

questions and attempted to help degrees of love exist. Too many

them think objectively about the young people think there is only one whole situation. They talked to kind of love and only two degrees: in this type of love is particularly imhim again and after the second conlove, or not in love. Actually, there portant. No marriage can be really

ference decided it would be best to are about as many degrees of love as successful without it. This kind of

wait a few months. They agreed there are couples. love is built on becoming wellac-

that if they felt they were still in The teenager should understand quainted, sharing experiences, and love then, they would marry; if it and be able to recognize several facing problems together. It can

were only infatuation, they would kinds of love. Selflove is a feeling come only as couples come to know

break it off. resulting from selfcentered activities the intrinsic personalities of each

Several months later, as their and satisfaction. All people have other, not the superficial traits which

personalities started to unfold, they some of this, but the mature person, appear as a veneer.

Romantic love is a strong feeling based mainly on infatuation or physical attraction. Romantic feelings are

usually the greatest when a couple know the least about each other. Too

many couples marry, thinking they are "head over heels"in love, to awaken to the realization that successful marriage is impossible for them. Actually, young people who

are mature realize that a combination of romantic and conjugal love is most desirable. Youth who marry

on the thrill of romantic attraction alone are traveling in dangerous waters. Both romantic and conjugal

love are important for successful marriage, but conjugal love is absolutely essential. This is one reason why

marriage experts recommendar[that.,

192 THE IMPROVEMENT) i#$4 ordinarily, couples who have a courtship of two to three years or longer have advantages over those who marryafter a short association.

love, it is not infatuation Physical BOYCO takes is of matelove. Physical See how only a part

attraction does not insure successful marriage; in fact, it dooms a marriageto failure if no deeper feelings exist. the backache out of a

Matelove, according to Dr. Joseph

K. Folsom, consists of three parts, all

feeling essential: ofof which are Spring Cleaning! attraction, physicaltenderness, and

feeling of joy. The first and the last

arise from sharing of goals and interests, getting wellacquainted, and planning together. Genuine mateSpring cleaning's a chore at best—but you can >%'

love consists of profound feelings make it a lot easier on yourself with a Boyco based on the total personalities. It

is well explained by Antoine de Saint Cone Wringer Mop Bucket. This wonderful

J Exupery: "Love does not consist in household helper wrings out with a twist of

gazing at each other, but in looking the wrist. You can say goodbye to messy

outward together in the same direction. handwringing and tiresome stooping, and

As youth understand different to the "scrubbucket hands"and aching %t kinds and degrees of love and begin back they produce. The perforated coneto utilize wisely the power and joy

inherent in them, they tend to bolster wringer does more of the work,j/<?#

their personalities, strengthen their do less. Get a Boyco Cone

families, and move maturely toward establishing families of their own. Wringer Mop Bucket

today—and you'll

wonder how you ever got through SpringHOW TO HOOK A RUG cleaning without one!

by Edith Hounsell

.

TUBS AND PAILS -Standard 5-gaI. WASTE BASKETS AND DUST PANSAA tubs; Standard 8, 10, 12 & 14qt. Save steps when sweeping or doing

water pails. Rugged, rustproof, hotquick tidyups after meals. Light

side pattern Rugmaker works from of dipped galvanized. weight, durable, allsteel. (asthe rug, but finished above) product

will show pattern on reverse side.

See these and other BOYCO household helpers at your local hardware or department store.

Making something out of nothing is a very happy and satisfying experience. particular And this

enjoyed might be especially by Ask for BOYCO Productshobby girls for in that too old age group little girl to but be UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS games too young fascinated by the upper teen groups DIVISION

STEEL STATES UNITED COMPANYwho dance, date, and devote much

CALIF. AVE., LOS ANGELES, 1849 5100 SANTA FE OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

time to primping.

The materials necessary for hook-::.,::::::.. ';'.

continued on following page) MARCH 1952 193 How to Hook a Rug And,tern ontotoo, thewhenburlap,you drawbe sureyourto leavepat- (Concluded from preceding page) a oneand-a-halfor twoinch edge ing rugs are not hard to come by, if to tuck under, giving added strength it is completed. those in your family are inclined to at the edge whenMNI be thrifty. Anyone who lives on a Wool has always been the material

farm or who has some farming rela- I've hoarded. By "hoarding,"I mean

tive can provide you with a good stout telling Aunt Sarah not to throw away piece of burlap, possibly a feed bag, her bright green coat because the opened flat. This is your foundation. moths got into it after eight years of

It must be softly brushed clean of wear. And Dad's woolen suit might

whatever it contained, and it is beneseem too stained or torn, to the averfitted by a day or two of airing in the age eye, but the "rugger"will find it. Skirts, sun. If it happens to be stained, that much usable material left in

is of little consequence. whether plaid, plain colors, or patthis one's Delicious terned,And thealsoleftovermake excellentscraps ofmaterial.woolen

goods after a dressmaking period are

It's called Old English Olive Rabbit (or rarebit). Mighty tasty for Lent!

Purists say "rabbit,"but plenty of other folks say "rarebit."And the controversy

lives on! But it's safe to bet there'll be

no controversy in your family about the delicious flavor of this recipe.

Old English Olive Rabbit Y2 cup chopped ripe 2 cups diced cheese olives y2 tsp. salt

1 tbsp. butter or % tsp. dry mustard

margarine y4 tsp. Worcestershire

1 tbsp. flour sauce

1/2 cup milk Dash cayenne pepper

Crisp toast or crackers Drawing squares of equal siz on the How the loops are made.

Rinse and drain olives. Melt butter and pattern paper will facilitate copying it to

in flour.blend milk cheese, place and Add the burlap. Mark burlap in the same man- a wonderful source of supply. Knitover stir hot water until and cheese is ner.

melted. Blend in seasonings and chopped wool items (like sweaters) or very

olives. Serve on crisp toast or crackers.

4.Serves Next, you decide on the size of rug looselv woven woolens, are not acyou want to make; a beginner should ceptable for this purpose.

Have you tried ripe olives always start with a small one. PerThe old woolens should be washed

that come haps half the size of the burlap bag thoroughly and hung out in the sun ready chopped? would make a splendid little rug to to be sure the color has faded as much

Your grocer has step onto when you get out of bed. as it is going to. The parts that canoil- are that not be this them more used—those conYour next step is to decide on a venient way now or stained, otherwise motheaten, unto pattern the colors intend you and chopped, to ready fit for use (very thinly worn parts use, in small cans that cost only use. simple, pattern geocan be The

pennies. so this in They're easy to use category) included and—are or a copy modern, of someare so versatile, you'll to metric, probably want rethe material cut good out, and

shelf. several keep cans interests on your thing that you. Remembermains. This last group is cut into

ing that you must copy onto your

The Magic ingredient burlap a design you have drawn on strips from onequarter to onethird doesn't the inch in width; length know You how a favorite seasoning of less pieces that except or paper for this purpose will likely inmatter, than

for simplicity. border you one A of your very own fluence eight inches in length are hardly "secret ingredients"sets off rug. of varying the widths

often makes the dish. worth working with.

olives ripe Chopped do If you can borrow a rug frame, your thing, too, very that for a number of "basic burlap can easily be thumbtacked onrecipes."Add a sprinto it; if no frame is available, one can

kling of these morsels and presto!—it's L4ou Lan JJo Jrt easily be constructed of any smooth ripe olives with chopped! Trylike magic

seafood, with meats, with cheese and wood at hand. An old, fairly large

loaves, dishes to meategg add them to This column for young people, picture frame answers the purpose dishes. sauces,;spaghetti to Mexican And

of course, to appetizers! and for any others who wish admirably. As long as you have something burlap your can be on which

like toIf you'd more know to take advantage of it, features in fairly taut held thumbtacked and theseabout to other and ways enjoy ripe olivesboth chopped articles of a "howto-doit"naevery direction, your work will proand whole for "Elegant—send

but Easy Recipes with Califorture. Contributions are welgress comfortably.

nia Ripe Olives."It's full of come and will he considered for A steel hook with a wooden knob

practical ideas and it's free. publication at regular rates. for a handle is the key to your work.Write Olive Advisory Board,

Dept. S-23, 16 Beale Street, San This is pushed through the burlap

Francisco 5, California. with the right hand and is met with

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the woolen strand underneath the burlap with the left hand; the loop

is thus formed on the underneath side of your work and this loop can be left fairly long, or pulled very NALLEY'S short to within an eighth of an inch of the burlap, as you yourself decide. - for Quality...Because your "thread"as is as wide

it is is, it to not necessary the make economy, too!

of loopsrows woolen than more every fourth thread of burlap. You

change your color, of course, as your pattern demands, and this is why your pattern is left topside. A neater

rug appears if all your ends are pulled to the wrong (or pattern) side of the lug.

HOMEMAKERS

BOOKRACK

GOOD FOOD FOR BAD STOMACHS

(Sara M. Jordan, M.D., and Sheila Hibben. Doubleday & Co., Inc., Garden

City, New York. 1951. 255 pages. $2.95.)

'""Phose who are victims of ulcers or other chronic digestive ailments which necessitate a diet of bland foods will likely welcome a book of recipes to make their daily menus more interesting and varied. Leaving out all

notoriously indigestible foods—pork

products, nuts, pies, hot breads, etc.—

the authors have assembled recipes for most types of food and identified them as "ABC"for the very early ulcer diet, "BC"for the careful ulcer regime, and "C"for the routine diet of one who has had ulcers or other digestive troubles and wishes to protect himself. B. S.

MEALTIME MAGICMEAT AND POULTRY COOKERY

(Margaret Mitchell. Published by Wearever, New Kensington, Pennsylvania.

1951. 120 pages. 79c.)

HPhis is one in a series of small books offering complete information on buying and preparing different foods, written by the home economics director Set a fine table with these famous Westof Wearever products. It is the cleverern foods—featured by your grocer at

its kind of thing simplest est and prices. for the budget Look that everyday

for thing new the havewe seen—just keep and Nalley label when you shop—of meat illustrations Picture cooks.

cuts, cooking methods, cooking utensils quality on your pantry shelves!

for all kinds of meat, and carving methNAILERS INC ods, give the book its great value. Some TACOMA. WAJH

seventy pages of meat recipes and menu suggestions are also beautifully and From Nalley Valley... Where Good Flavors Grow

simply compiled. B. S.

MARCH 1952 195 THE persongrays, mightwith greenhave asor "favorites"blue tonessoft while the "lifeof-theparty"type might choose warm, vibrant reds and PSYCHOLOGY yellows. Perhaps in the home of each,

the other would find pleasure, be- f? *"OF

cause he would be under the influKjPW ence of colors contrasting to his nature COLOR for awhile—invigorating the former,

"By A. D. MacEwcn soothing the latter. Certain colors,

like certain music, are very enjoy- (The first in a series of articles on able in small doses. Think of

color for the home.) the colors in certain gaudy entertainment spots or shops, or on a cir-

&wmJf** cus wagon—effective, yet one would

nantly blue tone, indicating the promhardly like to live with them, day in, inence of the religious aspect, but the day out.

Peace, comfort, and beauty probblending with red shows the vitality This business of personal fondness ably have been the homelife and power of its influence. The royal or dislike for specific colors can have

objectives of every man, rich or purple has a predominantly red tone, roots in the distant past; influences

Door, savage or civilized, since time indicating that the exertion of temretained in our subconscious memory;

began. The mighty part that color poral power comes first, but the presfor instance, a man's dislike for a cerplays in these pursuits is seldom anence of blue avows "defense of the tain shade of brown was traced back

color in everyNevertheless, alyzed. faith."

similar background to its origin—a influence exerts great and day life color in This type of symbolic color assowallpaper where he a room

has perhaps more purpose than any ciation is all around us. Naturally convalesced from a serious childhood

other feature of our environment. enough, it has been developed in naillness; a woman's fondness for a cerThis influence is well worth a bit of tional colors, expressing the chartain bluegray, to the color of her

as each of us has asteristics of a people. Take the Irish husband's suit the day he proposed. study—particularly

opportunities at one time or another green, for instance. Yellow of warmth, Fantastic? Not at all. Each of us,

to choose colors to surround us in our gaiety, and happiness, blended with could we but take time to do so, daily living. the blue of remoteness, independence, might find equally simple beginnings

Man has always used color and for present color prejudices.

color combinations to achieve defiSo there'we are—two main types of

nite results. Color in clothing was color association affecting each one

individual; to identify thedesigned Let's personal. of and us—general his or her to expressor tastes and to recognize them, and let them go

characteristics. Even in the ancient work for us in our individual lives.

ceremonialtribes—the robeswarpaintand masksof our ofowncertainInresearchAlready,in asrecenta resultyears,of businessmen,intense color

dians—strong contrasting colors were doctors, merchandisers, are increasused to create fear and respect. There ingly using functional color in their

are scores of other "colorpurposes,"operations. Color therapy in treating

familiar to everyone. certain mental and nervous disorders

From this sort of color usage have is accepted practice. A pin manuslowly evolved general color associafacturer vastly increased sales in

tions—unconscious relationships of China simply by changing the color

certain specific colors with feelings, used on the package, when he found emotions, and behaviors. In our the original shade, a dark blue, was

everyday language, color terms are a color associated with death by the still used to interpret such things: Chinese. The right background dis-

"in the pink,""green with envy,"and devoutness—bless your heart, play color increases sales of many

"feeling blue,"and so on. People what better color to represent a peotypes of store shelfgoods. Adverhave long associated color with conple such as the Irish! In the U. S. tisers know the pulling power of

ditions around them. The blue of Red, White, and Blue, what are color when used correctly to "create

the sky, symbolizing remoteness, Americans trying to tell of them- a desire impulse."Equally attractive

peace, and contemplation, has come selves? Strength, Integrity, Faith! decor schemes for a restaurant look

to be associated with religion. Red, Most people, if asked to describe good on paper—but one can mean

symbolizing vitality, power, and the colors that they liked and dissuccess, the. other contribute to failstrength, has long been associated liked, could not do so; but if shown ure.

with kings, rulers, and mighty war- a wide range of colors, they could Thus are general color associations riors. What was the result? Comquickly choose those they preferred. being used today to affect the public

pare the two standard purples used The interesting thing, of course, is eye and mind. They should not be

in the British coronation ceremonies. that there would be a wide variation ignored in color selection and placeThe church purple has a predomiin individual choice. A retiring, quiet ment in your home.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America's Best in Flavor Tests!

The flavor of StarKist Tuna is the best of all according to certified tastetests among thousands of homemakers and food experts from coastto-coast.

In fact, StarKist Tuna wins 3 to 1 over all other nationallyadvertised brands.

IT'S ECONOMICAL! You can't buy BETTER at any

price. StarKist is your best buy in protein food.

IT'S NUTRITIOUS! Exclusive processing gives you StarKist Tuna comes in 3 packs: Fancy Solid Pack (BLUE LABEL),

superb flavor... America's favorite... plus an Convenient Chunk Style (GREEN LABEL), and Fancy White Meat

abundance of energizing vitamins and minerals. Albacore Tuna (WHITE LABEL). Try them all!

.. only*1.86 Complete Dinner for Four.

Vi cup diced green pepper 3 cups milk

Va. cup chopped onion 1 - 6'/2 or 7 oz. can StarKist Tuna

3 tbsps. butter!/2 tsp. salt

6 tbsps. flour 1 tbsp. lemon juice

Cook green pepper and onion in butter until soft but not brown. Blend in

flour. Gradually stir in milk. Cook and stir until thickened. Add remaining

1 ingredients,dish.Top withstirringcheese lightly.swirls. BakePour25intomin.lViquartin 450F. oven.oblongServesovenproof4 bountifully.baking

i Cheese Swirls I biscuit milk prepared cups cup mix Vi or grains American grated Few cup cayenne pepper I FREE Economy Recipe Packet i IV2% I pimientos 2 chopped cheese Cheddar 1 Prepare biscuit mix with milk per directions.on package. Toss lightly on Recipe s for 10 tasty,proteinrich main

pimientos cheese, roll into sheet, 12 inches. with Sprinkle floured 8 x board, slightly. i dishes. Kitchentested to s-t-r-e-t-c-h flatten jelly 8 slices; Roll cut into pepper. up like roll and and cayenne

* Based on nationwide average prices at press time. "your budget! Write: StarKist Tuna,

J Terminal Island, Calif., Dept. IE14

MARCH 1952 197 GOOD HABITS FOR GOOD HEALTH SweatersMy Woolget

Lessons in Eating so Dingy I dared (rot* uouna people awau Prom Lome I I wish

Bleach them!

Thehealthonlyhabits,way tosayscorrectone eatingwriter andon 53?:0m0P

the subject, "is to put aside our easygoing indifference, which is as Haven't you heard?

much a prominent American trait as being in a hurry."* We are all You can Bleach

creatures of habit; in fact, we are anything Safely

of total our habits, the said to be sum Share Your Space Why if get don't spunk with Vano some up and we Swinging Door? with a

to form sound, wholesome habits, Powdered a "MODERNFOLD"then we shall be the product of "our door takes none easygoing indifference."It takes Bleach

:::->:*'*'FOR LIVING SPACE MORE to firm, resolution m forethought and COLORFUL BEAUTY NEW

STEEL RIGID - STRENGTH OF in today's habits establish health

WALLS MOVABLE writer, this but, says world, busy same IF YOU CAN doors WASH IT the that fold like an accordion YOU CAN iiniflcriilVi h!

VANO BLEACH IT!

At last! A new kind of bleach that

For demonstration write or phone safely brightens everything you wash... from delicate wools and 1343 SO.ALDER'SMAIN SALT LAKE CITY silks to grimy work clothes. RevoPhone 7-1531 lutionary Vano Powdered Bleach

Please send me your free booklet entitled lifts out the deepdown dirt and stains. It whitens the whites..

NAME.... brightens tubfast colors. Yes!

.. everything Bleach wash you IIl Address. you wash... with Vano. new City State.. while

"One of the best things about a 'good'habit is that the longer you 7 WAYS BETTER THAN-m have cultivated it, the easier it is to OLD FASHIONED BLEACH keep."* 1. Safe for silks and wools as well H

as nylon, linen and cotton.mm mm 1. Do not eat a heavy meal when 2. Safe for washable colored fabrics, jj

physically tired or nervously or emoas well as white clothes.

tionally upset. Acute indigestion 3. presoaking.Safely bleach Noas presorting.you wash. No

results from disregard of this pre- 4. No dangerous liquids to splash

caution. When very tired and or spill on clothes, shoes.

hungry, take some fluid nourish- 5. Thrifty!.... lets soapContainswork efficiently.water softener |j

ment, usually best hot, and then 6. 16 ounce box is easy to carry.

rest. Easy to store!

7. Odorless! No chlorine bleach 2. Do not overeat—stop before the smell to cling to your home.

stomach is full. At Your Grocers Now!*

3. Eat regular meals. Avoid heavy

meals late at night as they interfere If You're Not seriously with sleep. If hungry at

bedtime, take some warm milk or Using fresh fruit. 4. Eat slowly, chew foods thorVano

oughly. Take most liquids between You're Working

meals, as large amounts of liquid at

Improved, NonCaking 100 H3rd! mealtime tend to encourage faster Vano Pours Freely—

eating and less mastication. This Even On Damp Days.

results in nervous tension. Make less work of your housework

with Vano Powdered Bleach, Vano

Co., *Bogert,New Jean.York. Diet1934.and p.Personality.81. The Macmillan Cleaner, Vano Liquid Starch.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 5. Get enough sleep at night. Disease germs find a happy home in a

body too tired to fight them.

6. Be the master of negative emotions: Anger, fear, and hate sap the

vitality and lead to nervous fatigue.

The highstrung, nervously constituted person should find relief from mental strain and worry in outdoor activity of noncompetitive and not too strenuous nature, in order to prevent further strain. Not for him are

murder thrillers, crowded beaches, and motorthronged highways.

7. Take time for some physical

exercise each day, outof-doors if possible. Undoubtedly people digest

food better if they are well supplied with oxygen. A little exercise before

breakfast is an excellent thing.

8. Watch your posture. One who

habitually slumps not only robs the lungs of muchneeded oxygen to feed Finds Active Dry Yeast the handiest she has ever the bloodstream, but also crowds the abdominal organs down on top of

is their activity other so thateach WINS 8 BLUE RIBBONS is poor. circulationcramped, and

erect, over the weightStand with joints ankles. Pull thehip abdoand the IN COOKING CONTESTS

men in and up, and let the shoulders relax. When walking, swing the legs

est ever,"says. Active "This she For 15 years John now Mrs.

disrises fast Colo., of Pueblo, has Yeast andfrom the hips, toes pointed straight Robuck Dry

ahead; keep a firm leash on your been entering cooking contests solves in almost no time!"

don't let head, andabdomen and... at the Colorado Fair State serve plenty All during Lent of you. rushthem ahead colhas quite she and a won yeastraised of a goodies—such lection of for blue ribbons her 9. drift the Don't with crowd on delicious to brighten up way

skill. cooking holds she Herethe habits. candy soda and pop meals! A They're Lenten your

of 8 the blue too. nourishing, and ribbons she wholesomecandy

fall's last fair. at won use at home, bake When youso are raisins—andbar may be quickthey provideenergy, ironbut one

to help ward off anemia, a condition Mrs. Robuck has certainly yeast. Use the best yeast you

of continual fatigue. proved herself a consistent prize can buy—Fleischmann's

It dissolves in winner like prizewin- Dry! Active and a

rises really fast. cooks... 10. Keep regular bathing and ning she jiffy Try and everywhere

elimination habits. Constipation, the praises Fleischmann's Active Fleischmann's Active Dry

bugaboo of modern living, generally Dry Yeast. "It's just the handiYeast—always dependable!

results from too little physical activity and from eating too largely of highly refined food from which the roughage has been removed. Regular exercise

of grain bread whole andand use SPECIAL! CONFERENCE fruit,cereals, fresh vegetabfes, and "PERM"PIKES PEAR World Famous for are necessary each day,some raw

Just $10.00all. Stewed prunes or figs are often

(Including Analysis) FLOUR Hair helpful. These foods not only supply With FOUR will this presenting give anyone Webulk, but also increase the supply of

regular Lactol Maniad $1.50 our Extra Baking

B vitamins which are so necessary in cure for $1.25.

maintaining proper muscular tone Advantages of the intestinal tract. B Vitamins

MILLS SALT LAKE FLOUR are also richly supplied in dried and 425 5th South West brewer's yeast and wheat germ. His Hair Stylists Salt Lake City. Utah

Water is one of the best lubricants 32 So. State, Salt Lake City Dial 9-7701

for the system. The greatest laxative

effect is obtained from drinking two READ AND KEEPglasses (or more) of warm or coolwater immediately on rising and at THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Concluded on following page) $2.50 a year Foreign $3.00

MARCH 1952 199

Good Habits For Good Health {Concluded from preceding page) least half an hour before breakfast.

Acid fruit juice with water is good because the fruit acid stimulates teeth it the peristalsis. protect (To pOUL ODORS thoroughly the is well to rinse mouth

person VOUR oME afterA hypersensitive,drinking the fruitnervousjuice.)

may suffer from another type of constipation, in which too great SMtLUHG SINttT muscular activity excessively contracts the colon. This person usually *>IW0 must use smooth, bland foods, but rife /MS* should make every effort to add fiber

in soft forms: juice and pulp of milder

fruits (apples, pears, peaches, prunes, etc.) and the less fibrous vegetables

(young beets, carrots, cabbage, poJust pull up the wick and Wizard KEEPS tatoes, etc.). Whole grains are someindoor air sweet'n'fresh! Dispels bad odors times tolerated if the flour is very

from cellar to attic—in kitchens, laundries, finely ground and cereal thoroughly

closets, living rooms and bathrooms. cooked and strained.

Try both delightful scents...Wizard Green

Wick's refreshing PINE SCENT and Wizard Pink 1 1. Remember that the alkaline or

SPRING fragrant BOUQUET. Wick's costs so Wizard

little afford can to use it in every you where room ONLY:'** ssttm'-mmm leastbaseforminghalf of thefoodsdiet,shouldprobablyformmoreat offend. odors Sold everywhere... may only 39$.

are nutrition. They for optimum For Large Rooms—Big 12 oz. bottle. Only 69t r plums, cranberries, fruits (except

prunes, and rhubarb), vegetables,

Make Indoor Air Smell $METWFRESH with WIZARD WICK DEODORIZERS some nuts (pecans and almonds), and milk. Acidforming foods, which are

very necessary but which should not dominate the diet are eggs, meat, fish, poultry, bread (both whole grain and white), cereals, pastries, pud- m dings, etc.

Handy Hints

Have You Seen Our Payment for Handy Hints used will be

submitted, are idea with the same that two New Dining Room? one dollar upon publication. In the event

receive the will earlier postmarked one the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

Colorful, comfortable, with an but each will receive careful consideration.

inspiring view of Temple Square through its modern windowAn easy way to prevent birthday canwall. Hotel Temple Square's dles from dripping on the cake is to

new dining room is the perfect set each candle in a marshmallow.

answer to the needs of your—Mrs. E. P., Los Angeles, California.

club or group. Try it for your

next luncheon or dinner meetTo soften brown sugar quickly, place

INSURANCE praisinging. You'llour findexcellentyour food,membersour piecein top ofof cottondouble orboilerclothwithandsmallheatdampover

for boiling water a few minutes.—Mrs. service, courteous our sensible fnr the Utah. I. R., Kanab, local give agents extra 300 an "edge"KOLOBWEST of this F. prices and—the beauty

to giving it comes sound complete and when insurance service to Utah, Idaho, Montana and new room. Call 5-71 1 5 for defor kind of Nevada. Every protection in paper things putting away When every tails. fair plus prompt, settlement need claims. of the across cleaner a pipe place sacks, A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY

closed sack and fold over and downward

HOTEL twocleaneror endsthree overtimes,the bendingfold. Thisthe keepspipe

out and from tumbling contents of bag

R., getting A. in. Mrs. from TEMPLE SQUARE moths

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City Clarence L. West, Manager Bayside, New York.

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RICE MARES A MEAL

was a Dutch physician named It Eijkman, working in the East

Indies some fifty years ago, who discovered that beriberi, a disease of the nerves, could be produced or cured in chickens by the type of rice in their diet. He used this knowledge to cure humans of the widespread and dread disease—since rice

was a main staple of diet in the Far

East. Modern research has cleared

up the mystery of the superiority of natural brown rice over white by showing that its vitamin B content was the active factor in the prevention and cure of beriberi: Brown rice

furnishes five times as much thiamine, twice as much riboflavin, and three times as much niacin as white rice.

It is also much richer in calcium, phosphorus, and iron. All whole

grains are rich in B vitamins, as are some other foods, but, in homes that use rice regularly, it would be better to use the natural product.

HiLand Homogenized Milk, the "WinRice-Cheese Ring ner". A truly superior dairy product.

Yes, Build a Winner... with a Winner

3 cups cooked rice. With HiLand Homogenized Milk.

3 eggs, beaten If it's HiLand it's sure to be good...

Yj, teaspoon salt l/4 teaspoon paprika and FRESHl of each 1 teaspoon minced grated green pepper, onion and parsley, FROM UTAH'S CHOICEST DAIRY LANDS 1 cup grated, sharp cheese V/2 cups milk 2 tablespoons melted butter

Put cooked rice in wellgreased ring mold. Mix other ingredients together

and pour over rice. Place ring in a pan

of hot water and bake in moderatelyslow oven (325 F.) for about 40 minThe most fitting

utes, until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Or bake in greased

incustard cups hot water about pan of Easter Gift of all! firm. until or30 minutes, from Take

oven and let stand a few minutes to steam loose. Run a knife around the A MAGNIFICENT, selfexplaining Study Edition which brings a full

edge and turn out onto serving dish. understanding of the Scriptures to the modern reader, and yet retains

Fill center with creamed or buttered the complete text of the beloved King James Translation. Almost

vegetables, creamed eggs, or fish. 2,000 pages, beautifully printed and bound. 126page Concordance;

maps. Black Morocco, stamped in gold, $1950. Buckram, $10.00

Fried Rice THE WESTMINSTER 2 cups cooked rice STUDY EDITION 2 eggs 1 tablespoon cooking oil OF THE Holy fiible ]/2 cup minced ham salt to taste i-%4/ At all bookstores, THE WESTMINSTER PRESS

Fry the ham pieces in oil in heavy frying pan, then add rice and stir well.

(Concluded on following page) MARCH 1952 201 Rice Makes A Meal

(Concluded from preceding page)

Add wellbeaten eggs and cook three minutes more, stirring constantly. Serve

hot.

Shrimp and Rice Casserole

4 cups cooked rice 1 small can tomato puree!/2 cup water

1 pint shrimp (cooked and cleaned) 2 cups canned or cooked tomatoes 1 minced onion 1 clove garlic, finely chopped luxury in my bathroom? Wonderful! salt to taste MD

And MD luxury is so easy to have! Because Mix tomatoes, onion, garlic, and salt

ordinary than costs no more MD covered, simmer, So in skillet and heavy feels whiter! it can't be So white soft—a babytissue! water, shrimp, 30 minutes. about Add tears see no softer! how And strong—MD

right on the perforations! Yes, you'll unwrap and tomato puree, and heat thoroughly.

a new idea of bathroom luxury when you buy Serve over hot steamed rice.

MD Toilet Tissue!

Ricemeat Stuffing for Green Peppers

1 cup cooked rice Y2 teaspoon salt!/> cup chopped, cooked meat

l/2 teaspoon curry powder 2 large or 4 small green peppers

WsM. IS breadpaprikacrumbs for topping

1 tablespoon butter 1 eightoz. can tomato sauce

ALL-O-WHEAT Wash peppers, split large ones in half, remove tops from small ones, CEREAL remove center core and seeds. Steam

over boiling water 15 or 20 minutes.

Mix rice with meat and seasonings,

All-O-Wheat is not stuff peppers with the mixture, and top only made from the with crumbs, butter, and a dash of papfinest 100% Whole rika. In a shallow baking dish put the

conwhich Wheat tains valtomato sauce and place stuffed peppers all the food ues, but it also conin it. Bake 10 minutes in moderate

through. F.) or until tains heated (350 of oven a maximum TEA RED CLOVER

vitamins, proteins, are they dish in which in the Serve is Alvita's Clover Red a wholeminerals, its etc. and of the some product sun and baked. delicious flavor AFcuttings tender soil. The young

it is TER IT'S processed. STEEL CUT of rich chockfull natural are Rice Custard

it..and a goodness. brews

i llllll illinium liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiliilliiiimniiiii milium nullum mildly of alkaline soothing, tea flavorful quality. "35-h 1 cup raisins of | If laxayou are a user |

eggs 4 1 fives, not the eliminate why | milk 3 cups LEAF TEA PEPPERMINT need for eating ALLthem 1 by | sugar (firmly packed) cup brown favorite It's everybody's... for Y2

taste flavorable minty the and regularly? I salt O-WHEAT teaspoon ]/8 freshly of Peppermade

I J 1 1 1 1 J II 1 1 1 ][ E 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 [[ 1 1 1 1 1 Ti 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 T E 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 J 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 T? aroma 1 vanilla teaspoon is irresistible... as mint and Tea

y? =* refreshing and wholesome as a 1 teaspoon nutmeg

IS morn. Spring ALL-O-WHEAT cooked rice cups 2 U&$

to the Taste DELICIOUS unblanched almonds chopped cup l/2 to the TEA STRAWBERRY LEAF NUTRITIOUS Body for EASY TO PREPARE Preferred goodness. A tasty,its allaroundnatural Rinse raisins in hot water and drain.

VERY ECONOMICAL to use wholesome drink... that's Beat eggs, add other ingredients, and

mildly alkaline excellent an—dish into baking stir Pour blend. to

for substitute ordinary tea and grocers your Get it at today in Set almonds. sprinkle top coffee. with and

or write to Brochure, Free for our Write Today slow in bake of water and pan warm

En/oyment"For "Natural Foods,&&Smia Wholesome

ALL-O-WHEAT CO. oven (300 F.) about 1 hour or until

OGDEN, UTAH custard is set. Serve plain or with

cream. 202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Joseph F. Merrill

(Continued from page 147) Few men in the history of Mormonism have given more generously of themselves to the cause of the Lord.

He was often to be found at the

Church office building at 7:30 in the

morning, and he usually remained until the same hour at night. Holidays counted for nothing. If he were

The Wurlitzer electronic organ is an Model 25 authentic church instrument... Wurlitzer Organ

reverent, yet imaginative... with ard equipment. Further advantages

great range of rich organ tone and include spacesaving design, responsolo voices which can be blended sive action, standard dimensions

Elder Merrill and Sister Emily Traub into majestic ensemble, the basis of and standard controls.

Merrill, taken 1938. essential about photograph in sacred beauty music. a tested fundraising For plan and

is the only Here electronic organ facts Wurlitzer's about modmany its price in class with crescendo pedal els, the office, see be at dealer.in town, your he would Wurlitzer Organ

and combination pistons as standwilling to interview, counsel, ordain, or set apart, as the case might be. If i A PLAN TO HELP YOUR CHURCH

Wurlitzer The Rudolph Company Dept. 1-3, North N.Y. Tonawanda,out of town, it was on the Lord's WuRLllZERWorld's Largest Builder of Organs and Pianos

errand. No stake conference was too Under One Great Name Please send me without cost your

far away; the weather was never too The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company FundRaising Kit for churches.

bad; he was never too tired to go -li fa North Tonawanda, New York N;ame.

where assigned. His sense of duty

was as rigid as his code of honesty. PianosMore peoplethan buythoseWurlitzerof any Street.

..Zone..State.When one of his associates sympaother name. City.

thetically inquired whether he did not weary of traveling to conferences week after week, Elder Merrill replied, "Not at all, that's my job."

His testimony of the gospel was unHEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. HOTEL LANKERSHIM

I IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I 7th & BROADWAY

YE KINGS REST MOTEL 526 5TH STREET SOUTH of Marriner Merrill in The home

B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner IN THE VERYBountiful, Utah. HEART OF Foutz, H. Edgar Manager LOS ANGELES Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

equivocal and his diligence in the work of the Lord was consistent with CALL CARL CAMMANS his belief. the For"BLINDFree EstimatesMAN"

Not the least of his virtues was THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - EASY TERMS - his great courage. He publicly deVenetian Blind

& Shade Co.fended labor unions when he thought 12 Issues $2.50 2420UTAHSo. State St. (Concluded on following page) Phone 6-8764

MARCH 1952 203 ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL

(Concluded from preceding page) who labored with him in the work their cause was just; he openly critiof the Lord.

cized them for their denial of the right His first marriage was to Annie to work. As chairman of the NoLaura Hyde in 1898. She was a

LiquorTobacco committee of the woman of pioneer heritage, a woman

Church, he eloquently denounced of culture and ability, and the mother the selfish and powerful interests of his seven children: Mrs. Alando B.

which promoted smoking and drink- (Annie) Ballantyne, Tucson, Ariing. zona; Mrs. Richard E. (Edith) MolThese are among the qualities we linet, Dr. Rowland H., Taylor H.,

came to know, and they drew us of Salt Lake City, end Eugene H., of

close to him—these, and his good wife Washington, D.C. A son, Joseph H.,

raltk—Whew

lAndetavialna /atL RICHARD L. EVANS

ThRequently we speak of things we don't understand—and

they are infinitely innumerable: for life is a process of

searching and seeking, with a little finding here and there and with much need of faith to carry us over what we haven't yet found. Men have made many things. We

have made machines that can do what men can't do. We

have discovered some of the laws of the universe, and have observed some of the processes of Nature, which we have learned in part to apply to our own purposes. We have

learned to conquer some diseases, to lengthen life; to endure

and to survive sorrow and separation (but not to eliminate them from our lives). We recall the questioning of one

who had suffered a sudden and severe loss, who uttered over and over: "I cannot understand it,"and then pleaded, "if I

Bind Your could only understand it."But if we had to eliminate from

our lives everything we couldn't understand, we should

Improvement Eras have to eliminate much, including life itself. Sometimes it

for Reference seems we little understand even ourselves. And much as

we may have discovered and much as we have made, there is so much more we haven't discovered and so much we

Preserve your Improvehaven't made. We haven't made a blade of grass as yet,

ment Era copies by having nor a single cell that can grow and reproduce itself—not

them bound into permanent the simplest cell. Of course there is much we cannot underyearly volumes. You'll find stand. There is much that our children cannot understand

them excellent reference concerning us and the purposes we urge upon them. The

sources for your family, and medicines that parents must at times administer are not they are a proud addition understood by the child. But he takes them because he

to any library. Quality trusts the purpose of his parent. Likewise there is much that

workmanship and materials Father. faith Eternal in our accept with must we We have will these volumes make

to trust things; for so to rely him on him we have many lifetime. last a

for so much: for the sustenance of life, for the recurring

seasons; for the inner intricacies of our own physical functionis just cost per The $3.00 volume it life for thing a small is but even ing; and itself—and City; Salt (F.O.B. postpaid, Lake

all to in add further faith follow our underwhere things with 30c. other foreign and Canada

countries add 75c.) standing falters.

Save your Eras and send them for binding to Jke Spoken Word prom temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Deseret News Press SYSTEM, JANUARY 20, 1952 Copyright, 1952 #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA died in 1918, and a daughter, Laura

H., died in 1950. Sister Merrill died

in 1917.

In 1918 Elder Merrill married Emily L. Traub, who served with 90

him in the mission field, and who died in 1941.

He now has gone, also. But to intermountain

those who knew him and worked closely with him, he will remain as amonument of integrity and as an exWEST ample of the virtues that have made us strong—industry, loyalty, and

faith. In the Intermountain West, 1,000,000 people

march forward in unified strength, bound by spiritual, social and economic ties that cement four states

TRIBUTES PAID into an area of kindred ambitions and energies..

ELDER MERRILl Adherence to the principles that have made this area rise and prosper has made The Salt Lake Tribune

Church and civic leaders have paid tribute to Elder Joseph Francis THE TIE THAT BINDS THE INTERMOUNTAIN

Merrill for his unswerving labor WEST... An institution proudly dedicated to service

as an educator and leader of men in the spirit of unity toward truth.

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve, speaking for members of the Council, said:

"It was a tremendous shock to me when I learned Sunday afternoon of the passing of Dr. Joseph F. Merrill.

I have been associated with him in religious work for more than half a

I first acquainted century. became in the COULD YOU DEFEND YOUR RELIGION he was serving with him when

presidency of the Mutual Improvement Association of the Salt Lake FROM THE BIBLE?

Stake as early as 1898, and I was a member of that board. CAN YOU ANSWER TO YOURSELF THE

"In October 1931, he was called PROBLEM QUESTIONS OF THE DAY?

and ordained a member of the CounWhat Signs and Events shall precede Christ's cil of the Twelve, and from that day Second Coming?

until his death we were almost daily Will All of Our Loved Ones be Resurrected?

in each other's presence. I have Is Baptism Essential to Salvation?

served with him on important comWhat is the meaning of "Saved by Grace"?

mittees laboring for the welfare of Did People Dance in Biblical Times?

the youth of the Church and in the Should Divorced People Remarry?

educational departments of the Are Visions Impossible in Modern Times?

Church. During all these years of What are the Rewards for those who Believe

close association, I learned to love him and Do Our Heavenly Father's Will?

and admire him for his faithful and THESE ARE SOME OF THE MANY VITAL, TIMELY tireless application to the labors asQUESTIONSBIBLICAL QUOTATIONS.ANSWERED BY OVER 900 DEFINITE

signed to him.

"He had a strong will, was pronounced in his opinions, but he was to the majority desubmissive always TSxhte(King James Version) cisions a Kttmu % of his brethren. He had

firm testimony that Jesus Christ is IDEAL FOR LATTERDAY SAINTS AND MOST HELPFUL TO "SINGLEin very deed the Redeemer of the MEMBER"FAMILIES AND INVESTIGATORS... Extra 35 Pages... Cloth Binding $2.00 World and the only begotten Son ENLARGED FOURTH EDITION... 251 Pages

of God, and that Joseph Smith was Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher called divinely B. and died a martyr ALWARD BENJAMIN

Salt City 3, Utah Lake 3-5220 Telephone 148 First Avenue for of truth. the cause

dealer. book or your Church CO.; BOOKCRAFT, Also on sale at: THE DESERET BOOK

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1952 205 TRAVEL EUROPE Tributes(ContinuedPaidfromElderprecedingMerrillpage)

June 1 1 to August 27 "There was no journey that was with the too long for him to take, no labor

DR. T. EARL PARDOE that was too difficult for him to

STUDYTOUR perform, and no complaint ever on passed his lips because of any assignment. His motto was, I want to die Western European Civilization

in the harness, and this wish was

See major cities and points granted.

of interest in "We, his associates, will miss him."

ENGLAND President Levi Edgar Young, repGERMANY

SWITZERLAND resenting members of the First CounHOLLAND cil of the Seventy, said: BELGIUM

FRANCE "Dr. Joseph F. Merrill became wellSPAINITALY knownUniversitywhileof heUtah.was Duringa professorhis atmanythe

77 GLORIOUS DAYS with expert years at that institution, he was honguides, deluxe accommodations, delicious food, restful first class travel faored by many universities and learned cilities, and a very select group of societies, and the students who were travelling companions. fortunate enough to be admitted to Prospector

for culture, Lifetime Trip Of a The art, education real pleasure and at an his classes will recall his refined naUnbelievably Low Cost! ture coupled with his rare intellectual

If interested, write now to gifts. His influence in the field of

the STUDYTOUR leader scholarship has been impressive and SALT LAKE CITYDENVER will be permanent. You gain time, save time

ride the comfortwhen you called to the QuoSame Prospector. DR. T. EARL PARDOE "When he was scheduled

Brigham Young University rum of the Twelve Apostles of the schedule both directions (Lv.

Provo, Utah Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday 5:30 P.M.—Ar. 8:15 A.M.)

Saints, his activity took him into the meanstravel withoutstarlightloss slumberof valu* homes of people far and wide where able daylight hours en route.

he came to be loved because of his Make Your deep and abiding religious life. This Next Trip a Pleasure Trip..

he expressed in kindness and joyful Ride the Prospector anticipation in meeting his friends.

He knew what the Lord required of him: 'To do justly, to love mercy, and

to walk humbly with thy God.'

"A wise man of old has truthfully COSTS LESS THAN said that a plain man striving to OPERATING make of life something high and noble and clean is the man who really YOUR OWN CAR! *5 lives. Joseph F. Merrill really lived, Consult your friendly Rio Grande Agent

for life to him was a great and noble for information, schedules and fares.

calling. Could each person who knew DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

him vow to do his little task even as he did his greater one, in the manner of a true man, what a better world we would have!

"He always had for his loved ones DRINK and friends cheerful and loving words.

Traveling hopefully on from day to A delightful day, he did not rail at conditions, but hot beverage for those drink coffee. don't who - to better strove them. was He lOO he GROCERS YOUR AT held truly a Christian gentleman who

mRRCflL his calling as an Apostle of Jesus nnPKins Christlife."as the most sacred thing of

ni Governor J. Bracken Lee:

"The death of Elder Joseph F. Merrill is a great loss to the Church, and

BY THE MAKERS OF HftCHdl C/tQMl a great loss to the state.

SUPER WAXED PAPER "I knew him very well, having 206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA worked closely with him, especially during the last six years. I considered I

him a most outstanding man.

"He was a man of very high principles, and I learned to respect him &rttosvery much."

Mayor Earl.J Glade:. AskFv'fMl*'"Elder Joseph F. Merrill combined PAW 7/tULY KRISP

an extraordinary array of talents. His

extensive training as an engineer and his wide experience in classroom and gg55 laboratory no doubt contributed in his later life to the precision in writ- &rito ing and speaking for which he was wellknown. "He was an exemplar in positive utterance. This had beautifully mel- %

lowed in his later years, although to the last, his stand against the forces of evil, as he saw them, was adamant.

"In the death of Dr. Merrill, the

Church and the West lose a valiant crusader in the cause of righteousness and a leader who was the soul of courage."Dr. A. Ray Olpin, president of the

University of Utah:

"The university family has lost aclose friend in the death of Elder "WaterTite # Waterresistant! Dustproof!

Joseph F. Merrill, a man who was a Shock Resistant!

great force for character building in # Luminous Dial and Hands!

the West. # 17Jewel Movement!

"Elder Merrill pioneered in the # Metal Band Included Free! ORDER

development of mining and engineer- "Famous for Diamon ing in the Intermountain West, and BY MAIL!

his interest in the university remained active to the end. Seven Fine Stores

"It has been nearly sixty years CORNER MAIN & BROADWAY - SALT LAKE since he first joined the faculty of the

University of Utah as an assistant professor of chemistry. He remained IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

at the university for over a third of Aids in treatment of Canker, simplea century serving most of the time % festerX) sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

as director of the school of mines and No. 251X. Reference India

engineering. During this period, the paper Concordance Bible.

into nationalschool Selfpronouncing. Black leather; developed overlapMorocco promREMEDY HALLS leather -lined. cover; ping

ifise, 1"the from are to judge fully thick; we numedges; Gold City, Utah Salt Lake

flexible. ofber to graduates achieve were who positions of prominence throughout the length and breadth of the country.

"He was a staunch supporter of the Ask yftJ for university activities and a constructive critic of what transpired in the name national BIBLES of the school. He was generous in BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION

CO. LAKE COSTUME SALTpraise of programs he liked but sharp No. 452<r. Home 3-1031 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main Refer248 Bible with Concordthose responsiblein rebuking for Selfof- enceance. pronouncing.

ferings which did not meet his standClearFlexibleeasy-toreadlimp blacktype.

ards of professionalism and ethics."leathercolor maps.cover;Golduniqueedges.fullVI "breakable... moulded

Wml to look like glass. Lightweight, noise free. Econoinieal. Standard height.

SB 167 Doz. SPECIAL OFFER 'vH!,?%cr $1.25 Order from your dealer.

trial lot of $1.00 for p Mail

postpaid. sent dozen one

55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

MARCH 1952 207 >XSi>iK9\ &WL OTOS iK3Ji7<a9s3JJX3X3V>X3VX

to all and may God continue to bless each one of you in the entire Era department.

Very Sincerely, Mrs. Bertha Dennison

Camp Cooke, California Dear Editors:

I'm filled with great joy each time I receive an Improvement Era. It would be impossible to express the happiness

and joy I felt when I received the first one. They are being

sent by my home elder's quorum along with the Church Section of The Deseret News.

I wish I could express my thanks to the Lord for placing me in a company with a large number of L.D.S. fellows and for

being able to meet each week with them and partake of the sacrament.

I ask the Lord to bless each and every one that has a part in printing The Improvement Era and sending it to the fellows -M.oliUi in the service.

Sincerely, /s/ Cpl. Maurice O. Van Orden

San Dimas, Calif.

CORRECTION! Dear Sirs:

you will find my old mailing address for the Enclosed

Inadvertently the first word of the poem "Hands"on. Era...

* page 9 of the January issue of The Improvement Era Many things are spoken of as being habit forming; and the

was misprinted, and so we are running a few lines to expression is usually linked with things which are detrimental.

give you the correct version: I desire to go on record as one who recognizes that, under

Mind has power to generate great thought proper conditions, the good things of life, like The ImproveAnd voice to make all thought articulate, ment Era, are also very strongly habit forming. So much

But hands possess a magic that has brought spiritual food presented, so much counsel offered, that the

Largess beyond the mind to estimate. habit of turning to the Era, the moment it arrives, is firmly

Apologies to the author—Gene Romolo! fixed. No use to call—mealtime, or radio time,—until we read

the wide variety of good things in the Era.

Sincerely, John L. Hanna

F. P. O.

Dear Editors: San Francisco > California

is myself. I'll introduce Thirst Ronald name My W. THE LIGHT TOUCH LI. S, in the a sailor I've r- Sommer, Navy. and I am

a subscriber been since the Improvement Era to The beIt's Relative articles the ginning of this year. I enjoy the magazine and

and stories contained therein very much. The magazine A little boy at school for the first time was sobbing bitterly.

makes interesting and helpful reading. "What's the matter, Willy?"asked the teacher.

Mostly I like the poetry page and the poems contained "I don't like school and I have to stay here until I'm fourthereon. When I have a little spare time I write a few teen,"wailed the lad.

myself. This brings me to the reason I am writing this "Don't let that worry you,"said the teacher. "I have to stay

letter. I have enclosed one of the poems I have written in here until I'm sixtyfive."

hopes that you might publish it in the Era. I do hope you

like it well enough to publish it. SelfTaught

again for swell putting out such Thanks a magazine as little tell teacher Oscar: questioned man, "Young me A Era. Improvement The soldier Washington. about a George he you know what Was Sincerely yours,

or a sailor?"

(s) Sommer R. W. "I replied think picture "I a soldier,"he Oscar. a was saw

Dayton, Idaho ofenoughhim notwhento standhe crossedup in atherowboat."Delaware, and a sailor knows Dear Editors:

... My boy in the mission field enjoys the Era very much. The Test

Each year I feel this publication gets better. The covers this

year are priceless. How good to see real portraits of our leaders. A small boy rather diffidently approached an elderly woman

Sincerely and with appreciation who was knitting on a terrace near the edge of a municipal

Mabel Law Atkinson swimming pool.

"Do you go to Sunday School?"

Gallup, New Mexico "Oh, yes,"smiled the lady, "very regularly."

Dear Editors: "And do you say your prayers every night?"

T am one of your humble Lamanite sisters and I am indeed "Every night,"he was assured.

then,"said lad hesitantly, "Well, the that "I guess in maybe * of for thankful the Era. copy and happy Improvement The

it's safe for case leave while with these two pennies you me to I at look read a little, can but I can Era Improvement The

I go swimming see of great there cover the the the I can and Church of men

Saints, Latterday of the gospel truth the very and know forefathers told, gospel Another First the the same gospel which were same my of yesterday, today, and forever. The parachutist was dangling forlornly from a big oak tree.

I'm glad that the Mormon missionaries found me and my "I was trying to make a record,"he shouted to the farmer family and saved me from darkness in the Navajo country. below.

I'm happy and glad to say again thank you for the maga- "Reckon yuh did it, stranger,"observed the farmer. "You'll

zine. be the fust man in these parts to climb down a tree withouten

May I extend my appreciation and the very best of wishes he dumb up it fust."

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Add these bonks to your library and your life

WHAT OF THE MORMONS?

By Gordon B. Hinckley

picture ot Morcontemporary A concise of Latterday salient facts the monism;

Saint doctrine, practice, and history.

- illustrated Well paintings, and photographs. with rare sketches,* QO THEBy DeweyAMERICASFarnsworthBEFORE COLUMBUS

Seldom will you find a more thoroughly readable and fascinating book than this one... lavishly illustrated with pictures

of the ruins and relics of the fabulous

PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH Mayan2500 yearscivilizationago... whichthe storyexistedof the overtwo

By Preston Nibley great migrations to Central and South years ago; the 4,000 America, one about(2)

... corresponds 600 B.C. This book contains the biographies of second about

of presidents great the L.D.S. in nine the many ways to the Book of >O.VU*e organization time of its the from account. church Mormon

David President of the to time in 1830 exact presents Nibley Mr. McKay. O. A WONDER AND WORK MARVELOUS A poswhenever information historical and

Richards LeGrand By quotes * direct has sible made he qq themselves. leaders the from *,uu all missionary for help important (7)An

written is expertly by This book work.

one who has spent many years of his life in the mission field. An inspired

consideration of the Restoration of the

Gospel in these latter days. * yr

WORD OF WISDOM ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY

By John A. Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe By Joseph Fielding Smith

of interpretation practical Word history of points essential vital and (3)A of (8)The light the in teachings in arranged selected of highlyWisdom doctrine, and and with some revelations knowledge with order modern chronological mitrisuggestions. on.. interhelpful veryt * Smith... to Joseph given *4>>./J health. t ion history. *>T"*'UU and the with woven

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS COMMENTARY

helpful and this very of edition revised (9)A

Doctrine of the study in the aid useful supplement Covenants. A necessary OFBOOK appreand understanding better MORMON COMMENTARY forand the

IVolume given the revelations of ciation nn *e?3.VV church. to the Ricks EldinBy

First Book text of the of KEY complete THEOLOGY TO (4)The inan explanatory with Nephi P. Pratt Parley By seriously everyone to notes;who aid valuable

of Mormon. the Book studies to * introduction original concise and (10)A QO as gathered theology, of science the

history, revelation, from proph- $1.50 analogy. ecy, reason, and

PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM YOUNG GOVERNMENT

A. Widtsoe John arranged bySelected and By(ID Dr. Widtsoe A. John Priestfor Melchizedek the handbook A

(5) comcomprehensive a containing hood for speaks Young this Brigham book In in information of Priesthood pilation system coherent the shows himself and reference. for study and form handy It taught. and he lived faith which of of Meaning cover parts The (1) Three simple the applied he shows how Priesthood and Priesthood; The (2) the of Jesus Gospel of the ciples prinaa Church and Government; (3) Church

Christ. +JUU* in Priesthood—Administration * -A t*'3W Action.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following books: r ID 2D 3D <D 5D SO 7D Q? 10 11 D llBook * - -—- Des -—'Co. Name

- Address South Temple 44 East '. 4k&- - *..—+-?-. State

< Cjly n "'r,?W%&$,..* MsKSaeaSRSyPf'J

?'TO.*v!5T*V*y%iJv',T;.*B5*v*vPrv*

order. tox lo your sales Please odd postpaid. 2% Utah All books

haring the Good Things o e *

'JtL

Let the good earta run through your fingers, Son* 7 and feel its great power.;.'.'.}& '

It's a vast treasure, and one of our most precious possessions. mm

In one way it's like our Beneficial Life insurance. If

we add something to it 'S from time to time, it pro- & 'vides sustenance and protects us from want through the years ahead.

Over V4 billion dollars of f/.

life insurance in force.

Illustration courtesy UtahIdaho Sugar Co ifiatf:-im.y?9 llPrfvmm

..-.-'

Wm

jhkev M m 11

& - *3r*&&:

KSKSSS

**<*ttlS|iSS mm "". jap -*< - '':0:'J I

: - Y:':r,'

; ':.. Jiiii; 1?:

:*m:y: xy*,-;

4Mtf.

Salt Lake City - Utah BENEFfCIAL LIFE Insurance Co. David O. McKay, Pres. *-<*