Return postage guaranteed Let the Dawn of the New Year Find Your Loved Ones Under the

.. Protection of.

Idaho MutuaLLife Policy Only / Puts a O $1,000 Policy in Force No med'cal examination necessary. We

accept your honest statement of good health. You pay only $5 to put a $1,000

Policy in force. No further cost for

ninety days.

If you are under 50 years of age, and Thereafter, small dues and mortality in ffood health, arrange for your fampremiums cost only a few dollars a less than you pay forily's passing each protection now. For year—probablydaily paper. carries risk, you your andyear brings added

nearer that age when economic Life?2,000 or $3,000 policies cost slightly

Protection is no longer available. less by comparison. Under Idaho MuAlong with 1935 decisions, resolve to tual'sneed beeconomicwithout plan,adequatehardlyprotection.a family

see that YOUR family is financially It costs nothing to investigate. As

protected by an Idaho Mutual Life one of your sensible and commendable

Policy. actions of the new year, mail the

coupon below, and receive further defamily.

A Big Reliable tails about protection for Y0I7R

Idaho Mutual Benefit Association, Organization Boise, Idaho.

Idaho Mutual Benefit Association is the largest organizaGentlemen I am anxious to provide my family with dependable tell I Protection. Please economdo so, most how may me of its kind in the Northwest, and one of the leaders in Lifetion

ically. will policy that a dependable $1,000 put I understand $5all America. force. in

in force, protection of than $17,500,000With moi-e Idaho Name...

its dependable, of to assure members is large enoughMutual permanerbt protection."Address

As further assurance to its policy holders, Idaho Mutual City ->i;.r.

voluntarily operates under the strict supervision of the

Idaho State Insurance Department.

D. J. BORUP, Pres. E. P. LARSEN. VicePres. D. CLARENCE BORUP, Secy., Treas.

Z. REED MILLAR HERALD T. NOAKES

ne cJynpovernent Ga

EDITORIALS

Volume Thirtyeight Begins Hebec J. Grant 32

Walk Bravely - H. R. M. 32

Building Zion Today 33 ARTICLES Greetings from the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints—4 Europe and Its Fears Joseph F. Merrill 7

The Frontispiece 8 The Greatness of Joseph Smith -John Henry Evans 9

Yes, I've Visited the Carlsbad Caverns Harrison R. Merrill 12

The Poetry of Religious Experience Dr. Parley A. Christensen 18

Why The Headache? - -

Medical Staff and Health Service of The Brigham Young University 22

Is the Depression Changing the Old Virtues? Elah 23

Grins That Put the Wrinkles in Our Map Robert M Hyatt 24

Let's Talk About Personality Mildred Baker 26

The Cover 2 7 FICTION Cross Country Samuel Taylor 1 Kingdom Come Jane Carlisle 1 Heber J. Grant, Editor A Romance of Two Cities- -Serial, Part III Dorothy Clapp Robinson 20

Harrison R. Merrill,

Managing Editor POETRY Elsie Talmage Brandley, Two Roads Alberta H. Christensen 3

Associate Editor Village of Bethlehem Grace Zenor Pratt 6

Christmas Eve Olive W. Bart 19

Organ of the Priesthood QuoThe Lonely Year Rosannah Cannon 29 rums, Mutual Improvement Repose Mabel Harmer 3

Associations and Department Be Still Bert Morehouse 3 of Education Banquet Night Guenevere Anderson 3

Lost Christie Lund 3 Published monthly by the A Miracle Minnie I. Hodapp 3 1

GENERAL BOARDS OF THE Melodies Elysian. Octave F. Ursenbach 31 MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS NothingI Adore Oldis LostThings EstelleJamesV/ebbOwenThomasTryon 313 1

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. Christmas Greeting from Scripture, A Donald A. Eraser 35

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr. Faith - Asa H. Willie 47

B. Peterson, O. Business

Mgr. DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND

OFFICES: Lights and Shadows on the Screen - 34

Street, 50 North Main 35 Salt Lake Music

City, Utah 36 Melchizedek Priesthood

Aaronic Priesthood 37 Copyright, by the Men's Young 39 Teaching Ward Association Improvement1932, Mutual

Messages 4 Mutual Corporation Jesus of Church of the

Christ of Latterday Saints. All Era and Publicity 43

rights reserved. Subscription 44 Activity price, Community year, in $2.00 advance; a zoc Single

-: 45 Adults Copy.

Seniors 46 Entered at the Post Office, Salt M Men - Gleaners 4 7

Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Gleaners 48 at for matter. mailing Acceptance Vanguards 49

special for rate provided of postage 50 Juniors October, in section of 1103, Act 1917, authorized July 2, 1918, Scouts 51

Bee -Hive Girls 5 2 Your Page and Ours—64

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

iZ6'e:n:4 eMSe'M;.'iiBlirny.J.JpKiStn.,<&$litiJdN'fiuniJ':3'Hu.Jti4

--f

TJERE must we part, my friend; nor need you try,

For pleasures we have shared, fond memory's sake, M Or those conceits that we have held as one,

To lure me to the path you choose to take

You hold that death must ever be the end,

A termless rest. Not I; for even now

Within me surge old dreams that once were dead;

I see buds bursting on a leafless bough.

J?-

Above sear grass, decadent on the lawn.

The timid, waking blades of green I see;

And asphodels that deep in sleep have lain,

Now lift in petalloveliness to me

No.... Go your Godless way, my friend, but I

The miracle of Spring cannot deny!

her and poets. She better is known one of our Cfiristensen Alberta Huish

Young Brigham graduated from both were Christensen, Carl Dr. husband.

Mrs. York. Island, Long Flushing, in New reside J.now University. They

elaborations are which child poems delightful author many of the is Christensen are fannly her Christensen and Mrs. children. little her own sayings the of of

Stake. Ycfrk organized New newly the members of

GREETINGS FROM TH FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF

LATTERDAY SAINTS

true spirit o f men. In ZaraChrist our Rethe first picture taken of the first presidency after the selection of hernia, in the

deemer give com- '-''"'''''"''*"'-''""'*'"""counselors j fort to all whom Death has caused to mourn. May on the eve of the decreed death of the righteous

the Savior's promise, made not only to His Apostles of who believed in the Christ, came to the Prophet old, but to all other true followers, bring solace to of God the Lord Himself, announcing His birth on (2c)C-c)(J'.(,vu(ou..(c)(|pcP(jc;)( q(q

the morrow, and then followed the long promised son in the faith, is as applicable to the world today as sign: when he wrote, out of deep experience and communion

"And it came to pass that there was no darkness in with the Master:

all that night, but it was as light as though it were "Godliness with contentment is great gain.

midday.""For we brought nothing into this world, and it

In the divine ministry of His life, the Lord prois certain we can carry nothing out.

claimed the Gospel, and as a mortal being He gave us "And having food and raiment let us be therewith the example of the perfect man. content.

The Gospel is a plan for the guidance of men in their "But they that will be rich fall into temptation minglings together here as mortals, and for their direcand a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, tion in their spiritual lives to the end that they may be which drown men in destruction and perdition saved and exalted in the world to come. The Gospel "For the love of money is the root of all evil; which

is not a social program, though its living on this earth while some coveted after, they have erred from the involves one, if greed and avarice, covetousness and selffaith, and pierced themselves through with many ishness be trodden under foot, and if ambition, envy, sorrows.

and love of earthly power and dominion be cast out. "But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and folThe Gospel is low after righttruth,eternal exfgggggj'-;-,-i eousness,ness, faith,godlilove, eteristent from

nity to eternity; patience, meekit is all truth. ness."

The Gospel We deeply deteaches us to plore the privalook first to the tions which inward things have come to the of life, to our people; we are

spiritual being; sensible to the

a 1 1 outward inquietude o f things are for mind and spirit the growth, with which benefit, and aid many suffer; we

of the inward. sympathize

The pleasures with them in and the ills of every distress the flesh are fleetwith which they ing; we speak are afflicted; but

today, tomorwe promise the row our voices people that their are hushed. All burdens will be

that which exlightened and alts and makes surcease will ease and pleascome from their ures the precious trials and griefs goal of this life AN AIR VIEW OF TEMPLE SQUARE Photo—Courtesy Army Air Corps. in so far as they

is from Evil. keep the comGod looks to our eternal souls; His care rests over mandments of the Lord, with an eye single to His

that which helps the soul in its everlasting struggle glory, against wrong. He is mindful of our material wellSpeaking to the multitude on the Mount the Savior

being only as it helps us to purify, strengthen, and said:

give growth to our spirits. His mind never forgets "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his

that basic truth, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your righteousness; and all these things shall be added

Father which is in heaven is perfect."unto you."

In these times when many are pleading that we God will pour out His richest blessirigs upon all place foremost our fleshly ease and comfort, or bodily His faithful people; and we bless you with comfort,

and worldly convenience, or frivolous lightmindedand with peace, and joy in mind and spirit, in the ness, we shall do well to call to remembrance the measure that you keep His commandments.

Master's command:

"Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal "But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through and steal."

Paul's admonition to Timothy, his dearly beloved

THE FIELD OF THE SHEPHERDS—BETHLEHEM

BY ADELBERT BARTLETT VILLAGE OF BETHLEHEM By GRACE ZENOR PRATT

T'HERE'S a white walled village of Bethlehem

On far Judean plain, That holds our heart of hearts, tonight,

In a hallowed, sweet refrain;

There's a star and a song and a humble stall

And shepherds who kneel in fear.

And wise men seeking a newborn king

With frankincense, gold, and myrrh.

O far away village of Bethlehem,

Bathed in the white moonlight Why do you draw the hearts of men

From the things of earth, tonight?

Why do the strife and the noise of things

Grow stilled and the lights shine low?

Is it because of the birth of a Child,

And the way that the Child must go?

O far away holy city.

We walk your ancient street And seek to find in our humble way,

A Savior in those we meet.

By Galilee's shores in the sunset

When the boats come in, we know

That He was the Master who stilled the waves;

We praise Him that it was so.

Forgotten, tonight, are the worthless things sin; The baubles of gold—and

The hearts of men find a measure of peace

In the strains of a Christmas hymn.

Peace on earth! and a candle's flame

And a glory o'er land and sea!

For the ChristChild walks on the earth, tonight.

With a message for you and me.

Europe one I ts Fears By JOSEPH F. MERREl

A Member of the Council of the Twelve and President of the European Mission

Here is a picture of the mental state of

Europe as one who is interested in the souls of men sees it. President Merrill

has traveled in fnany lands in Europe visiting among the people especially the common people. Erom that experience

he draws these important conclusions ELDER JOSEPH F. MERRILL, PRESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN MISSION

especially for ''The Improvement Era.''

THEman."greatestThoughstudyeveryoneof manmayis callingRussia, forFrancepeace,andsotheis rest.Mussolini,None inforthedemocracyWar to makeand tothe"endworldwar."safe

be the conflict terrible was to That now. this wants not give ready assent to

because follow last. war—justall None would the nations are 3. Nearly will everyonestatement probably

agree that at the moment the most feverishly preparing for war, that democracy would be gloriously and interesting study in Europe is men is for "defense,"at least so it seems, enduringly established and democwar. offensive never an racy wages hear and see. judging by what we action.in group, Every mass—or for anfollow none would of the signed Treaty And Germany ofday European news is brim full

terrible and awthings new and surprising, so much Versailles. Yet she is charged with other reason—the it. It wouldso that even the best informed seem treating it as a scrap of paper. And ful destructiveness of

to be unable to predict one day it is probably to this, more than to mean the actual destruction of civwhat the happenings of the next any other cause that the gathering ilization itself. No participating

its calamitous escape nation could to be due. clouds seemwill be. the situwar of And many

literally would Death spirit of ravages. nationalistic 4. Theations crisesone of as are spoken

crisis following another in rapid most of the European nations is rain down from the skies in the succession, resulting in a general growing rapidly. This spirit is form of irresistible explosives, poisituation that is bewildering. But being very actively stimulated by sonous gases and deadly germs.

from it all a few things seem to the rulers of some of these countries. And there would be and could be

the attacks defense against from in no note is the dominant 5. Fearstand out clearly. Among these reasons air. other For these and future in the Confidence Europe.are the following:

wars there more be no would with Uncertainty vanished. has

1. certainty war. of The On firstclass nations. But among everything respect practically tothe platform, before microthe

is rulers of the alas, that Europe, in rules affecting welfare human in pressphone, in the books and settled the in to be seems Europe, in province, in every nation, everyleading observers, thinkers, and is a another that conviction war city. everypoliticians discuss as the next war is like certainty. the thought And

it isif a certainty. unonly The present the extremely of nations a rendering the nightmare UTcertain as to thing seems to be when situation the helpless to escape awful European complex monit it will begin. in a Will be ster factors ht other war. of outstanding might

month, in a few months, or when? named but at this writing we shall So war is universally dreaded.

Certainly it cannot be delayed let list people, suffice the nation wants and above it. The shall Nomany years. crying at least are devote space of them, a little closeup our to many

2. No nation wants war. The view of it. out, sometimes almost frantically,

desire for peace seems, outwardly at To an American fired with the against it. These want disarmaleast, to be universal. If the roll Wilsonian Ideals that seemed to ment. They strenuously object to

of European nations were called on justify the participation of the increases in implements of war.

the question of war or peace unUnited States in the World War They think the history of the past doubtedly each would thunder back the talk of the "next war"as a irrefutably teaches the folly of seek- "peace."Hitler is vociferously certainty is astounding. We were ing safety in armaments. Also,

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY. 1935

since aircraft, against which there determined to have naval parity employment. Paradoxical though

is no adequate defense as recent with France, and France must be it is, each nation appears bent on experiments in London and Paris as strong in the air and on sea as efforts to import only small quanprove, makes every city in every Germany and Italy combined, tities of goods and to export great participating country liable to anwhile Britain finds that she must quantities. The result is that innihilation, the people instinctively double her "defensive"power in ternational trade is languishing and

recoil from the awful prospects. the air as speedily as her resources industrial areas are suffering. The

So, many of them in their indiwill permit as well as increase her manufacturing towns of Britain, vidual and organized capacities naval strength. Little Belgium is for instance, are crying for overhave stoutly resolved that they will engaged in making her military deseas trade but the farmers of the

enlist for no more wars. They fense as impregnable as possible. country want few, if any, agriculpoint to disarmed Norway as being Russia, Poland and the Balkan tural products brought in.

probably the most secure country States are not sitting idly by. Thus,

in Europe. providing means and facilities of pUT probably the chief recent efYes, it is certain the people of "military defense"is a major acforts to develop national race

Europe want no more great armed tivity in Europe. pride were made on the Continent.

conflicts. And it also seems certain And the people are being hypIn Germany, Hitler undoubtedly

that if truly democratic forms of notized in the interests of this achas succeeded in uniting the Gergovernment were universal in Eutivity by appeals to race pride, man people in support of his polrope there would be no more wars glories of the past, the fear of inicies, the key of which is the examong the nations here. But alas, vasion, and its helpfulness in proaltation of the German race. In

democracy is on the wane in Euviding work. The nationalistic Italy Mussolini appears to be

rope. Its tide is now at a lower spirit is encouraged also by appeals equally successful in developing a

ebb than at any time during the to the people to support every ennationalistic spirit. But unforpast fifty years. Autocratic dicdeavor to make the country selftunately such a spirit contributes

tatorships are now dominant. supporting as a means of providing nothing to the prospects of peace

isFacism even making ominous opposite. just the in Europe—but threats in libertyloving England, as will readily be surmised, And,

the democracy. home of But spirit and dictatorships seem to this The Frontispiece this is another story quite apart from allies. be genial

Life Frontiers,"is the and the New the reasons whatever But the theme of this writing. NEWtitle this given inspiring group by plague outstanding in Europe its most

since is there this creator, of Professor Fairbanks, overAvard ArtDUT is is fear fear. probpresent And at University the of at of Michigan, son and to aversion whelming another prolific cause war. the of ably most artist, local J. the pioneer Fairbanks. B.

all activity feverish thiswar why cause chief the It certainly will be especially group the for This was made increaseto to armaments? and arm security course the next of war. at exhibit L. the S. of Progress Of Century D.

It is likely no answer to this quesin Chicago. Hundreds of thousands of cannot exist in an atmosphere of

tion could be made that would people have paused before it to comment fear and neither can prosperity. But

admire. to seen the and have Those whosatisfy all, just as universally no of rest peace must upon a basis statuary declare figures that the the andacceptable be answer can made to contentment. prosperity But and faces tell these in "figures stories clay"of

the question who was responsible of the hope and faith and confidence of the everybody knows that prosperity for the World War. The admitted robust, youthful Latterday Saint as words and contentment do not exist in

fact is, however, that most of the could never do. Europe today, and, for that matter,

nations of Europe seem to be inThis group is a companion piece to nowhere else in the world. "PovTragedy Quarters"of Winter "Thecreasing their "defensive"powers in the which erty of plenty,"paramidst the was used cover of on the Novemberas rapidly as possible. Treaty The is it doxical not? this of number magazine.

Versailles givesof an Germany Fairbanks, creator the these of of the Avard conso the in midst And force policing ofarmed 100,000 is little that so well need groups, known it thoughtlessly, fusion, almost is said to havemen. She in be said a him. Utah, of now son Born are to nations the rushing of seems me,

early J. Fairbanks, the veteran B. he exclusive the ofabout 400,000, to in groundless the arms hope great sculptor. as promise While a showed is reported troops.""Storm She security will in that found. be little them yet he than a by more fame boy won special be placingto emphasis on exhibited the creating Buffalo Fairbanks the past appear they "to have From

air "defense."The Treaty of Verin hundreds of places, the Pioneer and the learned nothing and forgotten

issailles cast the been also observed. have being which not by An Indian everything."humanity! Poor

libraries. scores schools by and bought and cerenforceattempt to it would is that Satan doubt Can anyone early into a promise His mature grew precipitatetainly So, regardwar. in that the the abroad and world it reality. until reached spread His fame armis undoubtedlyless, Germany in cries the piteous multitudes the that end. of national bounds, but not was

ing herself as rapidly as possible, It reached across the sea where one of the every land open the gates to the resources, limited herbeing only fine by used a magazines reproducof London is to very agencies using accomhe of his pieces of tion of a photograph one ability. financial Italy the Inand fortheir destruction? plish But, its cover pages devoted on and and manyentire beginning manpower, with tunately, promise: has a humanity artist. the to photogrhphs His Utah

is old, six years miliboys being his statue sheep Big Horn and Doughboy shortbe should those days "Except tarized. appears to France And the used on radiator cap of a modern car ened, there should be no flesh saved

versatility. reveal his every centimebe spending she can

spare to increase her armaments He is now teaching in the University of but for the elect's sake those days on land and sea, and in the air. Michigan, where he is given time for creshall be shortened."

Germany insists on military atice work. Are not these the most soulstir-

parity with her neighbors, Italy is ring days in all history?

The Joseph Smith By JOHN HENRY EVANS

great are star. as a of matter a men men The Prophet,

to anyone of not object is fact, would itVERYideas. long In the run

not emotion that rules the observing the planets, but he cerworld, for emotion is always shorttainly would safeguard the feet of lived and generally noncreative; him who carried on the observanor is it even personal character, tion. This body of flesh and

since this operates only while a blood, he thought, far from being man is alive; but the force that in a handicap to the spirit, as was bethe end gives shape, direction, and lieved by the more pious even of

push to things is ideas, thoughts. his day, is in truth but an instruTo the extent that Jesus has affectment of the human intelligence, and

ed the course of history since his as such must be developed so as to time it has been chiefly through his express as perfectly as may be the teachings. Inasmuch, however, as human personality. But the

ideas, thoughts, must of necessity founder of Mormonism went furfilter to each of us through the ther than that. Through a planmind of some individual person, ned civic and economic order he

the real measure of a man lies in hoped to make it possible for everyhappi- live in security and to onethe of his and importance number exceed to ness. city of not Aideas, he JOHN HENRY EVANS the firmness with which

inhabitants, with thousand twenty vigor claritygrasps the them, and this author article—John its sufficient size to allow lots of expresses them, he and THEwith which introbeen has Henry Evans—of fruit to and grow vegetables owner hishis application of them to the to own to the and duced Church

life and that of others. world many times through his for his own use and with farmland

Now Joseph Smith, when he books.of Mormonism,"His "OnepublishedHundreda Yearsnuni'enoughsugar beets,on theandoutsidehay, would,for cereals,the

inreaches as the his niche of years Hall used ago, ber of a text was dethe believed, prevent Prophet

Schools, in the book Church High as assuredly he someFame, must vice crime, of poverty, velopment latest the Smith, book, "Joseph His as ideas will a soday, of do man inthe point to and degradation published by Prophet,"Mormon it isprimarily. doubtful wheFor is outstanding of the Macmillan, one order, the where old evitable under

ther any one before him (exceptcontributions towards an appreciaindustry is centralized. And an

tion the Smith, Prophet Joseph of laiding Jesus) of course has down prithe in order which as as organizer Well and economic the man, perfectso a pattern complete and is vateprofit supplanted by motive portrait restorer. espewritten This life prophet. as theof Mormon would, cially motive the humanwelfare for Improvement "The Em,"

First of all, he gave length, digkindles sidelights which reveal the he further believed, guarantee to nity, and value to the human spirit, dynamic character of the man. every man a job to his liking, at

with a free play to its will and which he could earn enough to suppurpose, such as cannot be found port himself and his dependents in in Christian literature outside the edge in this life and the daily guiddecency, and at the same time free even there Testament, and toiler of foreverNew the mind of the not ance of hunthe Holy Spirit, A definitely.so clearly This and fear through of the haunting want sensayears before Bergen's dred

statement will scarcely be disputed tional announcement, the Prophet unemployment, sickness, and old by those who are familiar with the taught, in effect, that this universe age. Thus Joseph Smith stressed

teachings of the Prophet and those is a mechanism for the making of the Here and the Now, instead of also of the Christian church since Gods. the Hereafter, as in the theology of

the apostles'death. the In view

as Secondly, Joseph Smith put in his time. is as oldof Joseph Smith man

God and the elements; he lived in quick reverse the whole scheme of "DUT the Mormon prophet early

the spirit before he became an emChristian salvation as it was desaw the absurdity and unbodied soul; he will always exist, veloped in the Middle Ages. scrlptural character of the modern

being immortal at this end, too; Typical indeed in his period was Christian theory of salvation

and he may himself become as God, the act of the philosopher who that men are "saved"through through the application of knowlwalked into a ditch while gazing at (Continued on page 28)

CROSS COUNTRY horizontal, almost other leaned forward to the he said clear me,"the notes of "Watch T.HE straightening dropped. "I'll that as he old slowly six skimen. the cut show starting bugle through

swish of wind along the hilltop. fossil how it's done. Bet Spat! the waxed grooves conTed Nelson settled his knit cap he fell a-purpose to make tacted the hillside and Nelson's

rakishly over one eye and tentathe trail bad for me."knees bent gracefully to absorb the

tively jiggled his skis. "You go easy,"warnshock. Then he was under the

ed Gunnerud. "This finish wire and his skis threw up a

wind she tough today, spray of snow as he skidded to a stop. He skated to the sidelines,

grinning, and winked at a pretty girl, redcheeked and with straw colored curls, who was in the front rank of the crowd,closeto the rope.

THEN A LEAP LIKE A RELEASED CLOCKSPRING

WHIPPED HIM HIGH.

-4p

'< '""How's that, Hilda?"

"Oh, that was a graand leap, Ted! But be careful! It's an

awful day with this wind....

See about Papa, will you? He said

the fall didn't hurt him. But it

level of the takeoff. was a nasty spill he took and I'm

Then a leap like a released afraid he twisted that ankle again."

clock spring whipped him high. "Two hundred and seven feet,

The voice of the mob below swelled folks!"came the brassy voice from

to a roar. Arms flailing, Nelson the amplifier. "Two seven for

A newspaper man collared Nelson outside the door. By SAMUEL TAYLOR "Say. Ted"—it was "Ted,"

though the fellow was an absolute Nelson on the trial leap. Looks dred ninetytwo feet. Nelson, with stranger—"I want you to verify

like a fast track today and plenty a wry twist to his mouth, made his the story about the feud between of thrills in store.... We've just way to the hot little room near the you and old Lars."

got word from Kristiansen. The ascending trail, "What feud?"

old master declares the spill he took Lars Kristiansen was inside, sit- "It's all right, Ted. Everybody

did not injure him, and so the King ting on a box of sand near the stove knows about it. Just a

will still be the man to beat, as and flexing his ankle. A tough, word, see. For a quote.

usual."lean fellow was "King"About you and KrisNelson Kristiansen. tiansen's daughter, looked up the "How's the "Hildegarde—rosteep curve of ankle?"mance in the ski

landing the to hill the troupe—yagainst age o u t—h

takeoff, and can't bear to adbeyond t o mit he's getting where the six old—won't

remaining HE STRAIGHTENED. SWOOPED

DOWN TO THE TAKEOFF AND MADE A TRE- "M E N D U S SPRING.Photo—at

Ecker Hill

listen to you at all as a sonin- law. You know it all.

But I understand the old boy's a real sport—and plenty confident

or maybe desperate. There's a rumor

"Ay guess that he might change his mind you wish it was about you and Hilda if you ever broke, huh?"were man enough to beat him.

"No, I don't care,"Nelson said, That kind of a man, you know then added: "Hilda wanted to proud of his skill but ready to shake

know."hands with a better man. How

a word."Just about it, Ted?,,"''lat her Lars "Then ask me!"jumpers made get around,""Funny how stories *- rumbled. batter "You kape away line color a thin of started Nelson, up and remarked from my Hildegarde!"in solid the gray of snow off hill. coming the Bernssen was

confidently. grinned Nelson sky. bugle sounded and The sidetakeoff. caught the was He

talk "We'll after the about that the started and Gunnerud down hit with and wind ways by the meet, maybe."takeoff the of tracks thin pair above skis crossed.

platform. Nelson looked at the The lean Kristiansen got to his "Bad day for yumpin',"Gunstar- feet. "You naver bate Lars Krisnerud growled on the trail behind pink faces of the crowd—eyes

ing upward in fascination while tiansen, baaby boy! Yah! Young Nelson.

in relaxed mouths and throats awe kids to ski be yumpers! who try the the knew "What devil?—we fear. vicarious of growled a rumble far too braak and You yump it."went into your game we when

Gunnerud landed safely at a hunnack, by golly!"{Continued on page 53)

Yes, I've Visited the By HARRISON R. MERRILL

you enjoy burrowing underIFground and visiting things that never see the light of day—then

come with me to the Carlsbad Caverns in southeastern New Mexico.

Yes, I've visited Carlsbad!

If you wish to enjoy the getting there you may go by auto or by airplane or even by train in these days of aircooled diners and observation cars. Your road from

any direction will be excellent and lined with interest. If you are

West you may go by way of El Paso or Socorro; north, by way of

Roswell; east, by way of Fort

Worth or Big Spring, Texas. Since

Carlsbad is in the sunshine state and in the very southeast of it, you will find it comparatively warm in summer, but since it is 3,100 feet high you will find it bearable. The

city has a mean yearly temperature of about 65 degrees. February,

last year, was coldest with a mean temperature of 44 degrees; July

was hottest at 83.4 degrees.

TOP: THE ROCK OF AGES.

CENTER: TYPICAL CAVE FORMATIONS.

RIGHT: NATIONAL PARK RANGERS

WHO GUIDE VISITORS THROUGH THE

SEVEN MILES OF CAVERNS.

CARLSBAD CAVERNS Now that we have the roads and intriguing stone houses which have the climate disposed of, let's visit been built at the Caverns'mouth.

the Caverns. They are located Among these is a cactus garden of

about 26 miles from Carlsbad City. unusual interest.

A finely paved highway, however, It was a hot June day upon makes rolling out to the caverns a which we presented ourselves to pleasure. If you are young and are Uncle Sam and paid our customary

not superstitious about bats, you shekels to see one of his wonders may drive out in the evening, about which our taxes go to support. We

dusk, I am told, to see the millions were greeted by genial young of bats swarm out of the Caverns. Americans from various parts of

It is said that this living, biological the country who were wearing the column of smoke was the first thing Forest Green and serving as guides.

that attracted the attention of Jim We were advised to wear or take

White, first explorer of the Cavalong sweaters or coats, but I overerns, to the place. heard one young Forester say that

Visitors are allowed to enter the he wished he could leave his coat

Caverns only once each day—about on top of the ground, so I took the

10 a. m. That rule may be hint and took none. I was glad of

changed but it is in force now, that, but the ladies were thankful therefore, it is well to plan to reach they took theirs—so the traveler

the entrance by 9:30, at least, for

there are several things of interest in and around the substantial and

vv *'"<'W'V-.,.

Photographs used by permission of Supt. Thffmas Bales

and Jay Leek of the Leek Studios,

TOP: THE VEILED STATUE.

CENTER: TEMPLE OF THE

SUN 750 FEET UNDERGROUND.

LEFT: CHINESE TEMPLE IN

BIG ROOM. 14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935

sweet considering the fact that milworld its most extensive and most lions, perhaps billions, of bats had, magnificent cavern. Robert Holly

during a period of a millennium or and Dr. Willis T. Lee visited the

so, used the place as bed chamber caverns; later Dr. Lee persuaded the

and living room. We were inNational Geographic Magazine to

formed, however, that the ladies send an expedition and to photomight be assured that none of the graph the underground wonders.

creatures would become entangled These appeared in the magazines of in their hair as the bats were evasive January, 1924, and September, and spent their siestas in a cavern, 1925.

an offshoot from ours, a quarter The Carlsbad Caverns have now of a mile or so in length. become one of the National Parks

After a half hour or perhaps and certainly not the least interesttwenty minutes we stopped to rest ing. It was made a National Monin a cool room having a level floor ument in October, 1923, and bebut little else to recommend it as came a National Park on May 14,

there were no formations of any 1930.

significance visible to us. There TTOR more than ten years explorone of the guides told us the story ing parties have been wandering

of the Caverns. around under ground, now equipIt seems that a cowboy, Jim ped with electric flashlights and

White, was riding over the mesa other modern apparatus, whereas one evening when he saw a smoke Jim White had to rely upon crude rising to high heaven from a barren things made by himself. About

depression in a barren hill. Since thirtytwo miles of caverns have

JIM WHITE he was a cowboy and not a shepnow been explored on three diflike herd he evidently Moses of old, level, ferent foot 900 levels—750does as he wishes in the matter. to the miraculous meaning saw no level, foot foot level, and 1,320

Perhaps the Foresters are right in smoke. He was simply curious, so but the tourist as yet sees only the

suggesting wraps, as the temperhe rode over to investigate. To his first one. Some day means of

ature in the nether kingdom is persurprise he discovered that the transportation may make it pospetually around 56 degrees. smoke was not smoke at all but a sible for one to wander underWe were told that we had before spiral of living, flying, witchlike ground for several days if he wishes

us a walk of about seven miles, if bats reaching almost to the clouds to do so. With all of this explor-

I remember correctly. Since I had before they became untangled ation, however, the size of the

pulled a tendon before leaving enough to go about their business Caverns is not yet known.

home I was not certain that I could of seeking insects which fly by Besides the main Caverns there make it, but when I heard that night. These bats were emerging are several small caves within the

there was an elevator upon which in almost a solid column from a confines of the park, a number of the lame and the infirm could regreat maw or opening in the which are interesting because in the turn to the surface, I decided to ground. dim past they served as burial

risk the walk. Jim White was of a curious turn places for prehistoric man.

of mind, therefore, he hunted up a pHE Cavern's opening is like a Mexican cowboy and proposed that—"""jspr

great mouth of a whale. The they do a little exploring. So, afpath which winds down into its ter the bats were all safely home—

gullet adds to that feeling. The they return about daylight each

Foresters have done an excellent morning—these two men with imjob of trail building, making the provised torches and long ropes and

descent by an easy grade without strings began their momentous exsteps to worry about. The trail pedition. They wandered around

has a wall along its outer edge in that Stygian darkness for about which makes it safe. three days enjoying Pluto's finest

We had reached the second curve cavern of jewels. Then they came

when we were stopped and given a out and told the world about what bit of advice including the suggesthey had seen.

tion that we either take our lunch But the world didn't listen with us or order it. We were told much.

that when we reached the huge Jim White used to take his dining room in the bowels of the friends, and anybody else who earth our lunch would be awaiting would go with him, into the great sixty cents. We ordered chambers to see the wonders of aus—priceand went forward. munificent Nature. Then along

Spiraling down into the earth came a geologist or two, then the was a great lark. The Cavern's National Geographic and the world

feet wide listened. These two cowbovs, Jimmouth was large—90and 40 feet high—and its breath White and his young Mexican A CENTURY PLANTwas cool and strangely fresh and friend, had made known to the ELEVATOR BUILDING IN DISTANCE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY. 1935

But we were in the great corover several terraces to the huge of our party turned on the lights ridor which extends for almost a lunch room in one end of the Big in the chambers ahead; the guide

mik. From it we passed into the Room. This lunch room is a large, bringing up the rear, turned them

Green Lake Room, and thence, arched chamber 750 feet below the off as we passed from one section through an artificial tunnel into the surface of the earth in which waterto another.

King's Palace which is renowned fountains, a lunchcounter, many The guide book says, "In this for its beauty. In fact, it is said tables and seats, and rest rooms are room the formations are massive as

by the guide book to "be the most to be found. The water was good, well as magnificent, exceeding in

beautiful chamber in this or any our lunch consisting of excellent size and beauty those of any other other series of caverns."An aside: sandwiches, boiled eggs and milk, known cave."That statement

It is doubtful if it is as beautiful as or other drinks, was also excellent. could easily be true. Some of the

the most beautiful little chamber in Some of the tourists had their own formations in that Big Room are the Timpanogos Cave in Utah, but sandwiches and purchased only a beautiful and magnificent almost certainly it is more magnificent and bottle of milk or soda pop or other beyond belief, after one has actualimpressive. drink to go along with them. Two ly seen them.

This palace is separated from the hundred fifty of us sat down at the We passed down one side of this adjoining chambers by means of same time and there was plenty of great chamber and then up the curtains of onyx. Certainly old room to spare. other, admiring and exclaiming

Pluto might have enjoyed the magAlthough we left a hot day on over the wonder of it all, and blessnificence of this palace down there the surface, there in the lunch room ing Jim White's temerity which art gallery the underground made dethe never be temperature he warmedwhere was would cool—56 available help to us all. I couldn't it grees. his the heat that ofexcept informed by own We were

but wonder at the courage of thepassions. changes scarcely at all—not more

A "natural keyhole"leads from than two degrees the year around. man that would lead him down

the King's Palace to the Queen's After lunch we were led into the into the Stygian darkness which

Chamber. This room is queenly Big Room. This place by all had been unbroken for a million

in that it is furnished beautifully means should be renamed, but years.

and delicately, its draped and BIG expresses it very well. It is Among the most startling of the

in the are the formations Big Room in nearly 4,000 feet shining jewels curtains offolded length—more the of Sun, the Chinese the times length of a Temple than thirteen exclamation frombeing an worthy

feet wide, Temple, and the Rock of Ages.any sovereign. In this room refootball gridiron—625

semblances to the Chamber in and 300 feet high. Now it is difAs we approached the Rock of

Timpanogos Cave are most noticeficult to imagine that size without Ages, a huge glistening pillar reckable. I would venture the private help, therefore we have had our oned by geologists by means of

opinion that colored globes here artist represent it graphically by actual measurements to be 50,000,- would add much to the enjoyment using the Utah State Capitol with 000, years old, the lead guide and of the tourists. The management which most of our readers are falecturer asked us to find seats and to

of the park, however, has decided miliar. refrain from striking matches or

against anything so artificial, but The Big Room is not a flatflashing lights. Said he: "We wish

since light at all is artificial, I canfloored room like the Great Salt to show you what absolute darknot see why a red or a blue or a Lake Tabernacle. It is very irness really is."

green light would be so out of regular all around. The walls are yE found seats on the shoulders

place. handsomely decorated in Pluto's of a great formation and there

From the Queen's Chamber we most approved style with all sorts the guide gave us a brief talk during passed into the Papoose room. This of alcoves and wall ornaments. The which he named the states repreroom is beautiful but, in my humceiling, where it is visible, is hung sented in the party. As I remember

ble opinion, improperly named. with festoons and drapes. They it there were twentyone or twentyOne is certain to ask why it is called may be banners such as hang in St. three. We were the only four from

the Papoose room and feels deflated Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, relics Utah. In fact, it is my surmise

when he is told that it was so of distant subterranean wars. The that few Utah people have yet visnamed in honor of an Indian girl floor rises and falls and is strewn ited these marvelous caverns. The

who walked over the rough floor with statuary and precious pieces of light was switched out and there barefoot. Undoubtedly the room art built up through thousands, 750 feet underground we saw darkyears. millions of it perhaps as bewill renamed some day absolute light. absence of ness—the littleis a lovely the leads entirely chamber and The trail it of waiting posamount made around No

present title takes one's attention this exquisite council chamber or sible for our mere human eyes to away from the beauty of the inmuseum or whatever one wishes co detect the slightest ray of light.

terior. call it. The Park service has proThen from back in the cavern

vided lights which may be turned came the voices of angels singing (NCE more we entered the on and off in sections or all together. "Rock of Ages cleft for me, Let me

King's Palace and then wound As we progressed the guide in front (Continued on page 28)

GRAPHIC REPRESENTATION OF THE BIG ROOM SHOWING IT TO SCALE IN COMPARISON WITH THE UTAH STATE

CAPITOL BUILDING WHICH IS 404 FEET LONG, 240 FEET WIDE AND 285 FEET HIGH 16KINGDOM F the seven passengers who boarded the Christmas By JANE CARLISLE

Eve train for its brief run from

Egan Corners into Hartsburg over the mountain not one suspected She closed her old that they would never arrive that eyes. That was life,

night. sooner or later. WheThey were a dismal little band, ther you're scummy

as late travelers on a festive eve are rich or in the dregs of apt to be. The narrowgauge want you find the

train carried only one passenger car. world out for an inOld Lady Egan's enhospitable hole, and

trance was most impresChristmas Eve a sensive and most dignified > tence to be served.of all. Truthfully, none No—not every

of the others was digChristmas could die.

nified in any way. Her even to make room for

chauffeur escorted her another. In austere

to a seat, tucked away justice she countless big, expensive must pay a boxes, made solicitous moment's inquiry about draughts homage to a and cushions. Then he l'far day whensaluted beautifully—I she and Al

young -"-'i n'credibly thathim Kit—hadandtaughthad I

turned squarely h i s young and broad young back bepoor as these two. And

fore he allowed the little Kit had been transyoung grin of release to ported with his homemade widen. wooden toys.

He was free, for three long days. The mounOld lady egan's

tain roads to Hartsburg reactionary thought was accomwere impassable, even panied by an audible snort. Kit!

for the powerful Egan The several hundred dollars worth twelvecylinder. Free, of gifts she'd offer him tonight

out of eternity, of three would inspire no more than a polite whole riddled days of murmur of thanks, and doubtless a trying to please or apsmothered bad word because she

TO PRESSED A CHILD HAD LADY EGAN OLD with that through hadn't yet come pease her. had old Lady The NESTLING THING TENDER, HER; A SCARED, he everything stock. it Kit had bucks. ten Coursegiven him MIRACLE WAS HER; THE AND NEfDED WHO

threes and and in twos wanted it was have been DAWNING IN HER EYES. might fifty—she of last that block except dozens, her except a where stingy old vixen

controlling stock in the Eganown kid was concerned—but ten staggering, the two of them, under

would buy things for Millie! His a load of brown paper packages Works. And partly in disgust but

was a Christmas face in the pale and a mountainous bundle whose mostly out of plain orneriness, the yellow gloom of the train. stiff, projecting legs suggested to all old Lady held on to that.

"Merry Christmas to you, beholders the most enormous Kit, settled down with his preenRamsay!"The old Lady's voice turkey ever raised in Corn County. ing Agatha and his spoiled floucesnapped after him. He turned. Divested of their burdens, however, fluff of a MaryJoanna in a Harts-

"You're a rude scoundrel."But these two expressed something in burg apartmenthotel, as if the fine

even then she was reaching for his their mature, shabby clothes and old home and the town that bore hand, as if on a wistful impulse to the incurious intimacy of their rehis father's name were beneath his touch that celebrating warmth. gard that proclaimed them husband silly grandeur!

The old face settled back into its and wife; married far too young Her thoughts ranged back to imgrim pattern. and not prospering too well and mediate contacts. These people

At first she thought it was a pair off on a journey not all fraught here. What if that wan little pair

of schoolchildren who entered next, with joy.,;.: could foresee a future like hers and

.

Illustrated by LORRAINE CROUCH OME each other was chargedAl's had been? What

with keen awareness. it literallyif they saw

fell silent, theybuilt of gold? Saw I Then

their cuddly little son and except for an occasional the drone from (probably on the way couple the aisle down sin- r!!C*r"f that she hadnow:

and a knifelike sob,gular, white, wonderbitten-in, from into 'quicklying look) grown a hardeyed business the child, only the magnate who swaggerangry clatter of wheels ed in and out of rooms, over cold rails broke sulking over stocks the bleak night silence.

that could help him Twentyfive minonly by helping him to utes to travel—twenty.

swagger more! And arriving would be

, no less cheerless in its Run back to Egan

Corners, and never way than the start. Snippy exkisses out, ninnies!come you

; changed. Polite quesLights shadows and

glimmered outside the I tions that held no hint curiosity I of the about child'swindow. A or answer the anwailing voice up. came

"But, Mother! I swerer. Ostentatious

don't want to go, I additions to the apart- 1 displayed ment with with you.want to stay

I all the large descripMother. can Santy

too find me here. tion of the original

salesman. MaryJo-Please!"V anna showing off figure A dark

acyear's this mincing swiftly, encrouched veloping the child. complishments. ChristThe little girl enmas dinner served withtered the train pres- * the weekday restraint

ently, a plain elf of 1 jOf any polite hotel;

perhaps seven; a bag of., f;'with the bird carved in

oranges and a sheaf of '.'the kitchen. Glory! For

jolly, gluttonous one instrawflowers her / tableover a worn ', r* Ifp "'feast thesearms. Dropping

on a near seat, she *""""'.'ifi,.*"''.i-'"''"cloth, picking the oily

dashed back to where bones to the carcass!

her mother was talking Eighteen minutes

IT FIRST AT PAIR SHE A THOUGHT WASearnestly to the conductor. fourteen—

OF SCHOOL NEXT, CHILDREN ENTERED WHO stopping? train the Was let to "Don't anything happen STAGGERING, OF THE THEM, TWO A UNDER jolt; a considerable It did, withher! She'll be good. quiet and LOAD OF PAPER PACKAGES. BROWN

You'll be good, won't you, Bunand the old Lady, settling her hat, for epithet or a selected choice two trouble?ny? Please any make Not train the in spasms was The engineer. of clumsy sure she thatmake meets people my achieving the door motion when off ticked anminutes had Thethere, Conductor. won't They flew again. open time This two conthe before quarterhour otherfail at to station. be the Darling, in in, overcoats heavy lurched men in, ductor looking unmisrushed I can'tyou come. know Mother fling to one appeared and other the off his cap takably comic with and herhas she do. to has work But into first beside place the on him sparse hair in his downwardat you'll a Grandma's beauhave seat near the door,

strings......tiful time. Pies Presents drunks! Delightful! "Two trouble!""There's shouted. he.".. stocking your upHang earth, Peace a trip pleasant on and tell "Snowslide ahead! Can't how to all."us rattled a paper Old old Lady Egan turned Lady The yet, get we'll never bad but through

to the out theto drown sound. window. More savagely tonight. Looks like the whole

grief! a tearful infant last arrivals And now These were not mountain's fell over."

to keep them wailing company. really drunk. They talked loudly One of the big overcoated men

"All aboard!"at first, but their brutality toward (Continued on page 56)

THE POETRY Ot

By DR. PARLEY fl. RELIGIOUS

CHRISTENSEN EXPERIENCE

ELIGION to many people agitated in the presence of life and is conscious of no discordant note means a set or system of its problems than we are. Unable in the responses of his own mind

ideas or beliefs about such to accept readymade sentiments and heart. But whatever form theR

concepts as atonement, preexistence, and conclusions regarding man in poetic demand may take, and and immortality. In other words, the universe, they try to find in whatever the poetic answer to it

religion to many of us is synonytheir own experience the meaning may be, we have in the demand and mous with creed or doctrine. That of personal existence, and some the answer a record of what we may

this is true is shown in the almost clue as to the relationship of percall a religious experience. The

universal tendency among church sonal being to the universal being. result in verse may be merely a simmembers to judge the religious And so we frequently find them in ple lyric to a field mouse or to a

quality of a man in terms of the their poems standing, as it seems, water fowl; it may be a Saul or a

theological notions to which he naked and alone in the presence of Rubaiyat, a Book of Job or a Digives or fails to give mental assent. reality, and demanding passionvine Comedy.

The emotional content of religion ately in their own right an intimate I do not wish to suggest that the so conceived consists principally in and personal understanding of experiences here described are in feelings of assurance that the ideas what it all means. every way peculiar to poets. Nearly

believed in are true. Now, with Satisfying and pleasing answers every thoughtful person has periods

this kind of religion the poetry of to these urgent demands are not of perplexity, periods of serious religious experience has little to do. vouchsafed to all who make them. questioning. And to him come

Poets generally are not interested To many, life forever remains a frequently moments of illuminain "creeds and philosophies in the painful and bewildering riddle for tion, when he feels that he is in abstract. But they are concerned which there is no answer. Others, accord with a universal or divine

with religion as concrete, personal defeated in the personal venture for purpose, and when he seems at last experience. understanding, return to the mediato sense his personal relation to

The explanation of this poetic tion of priest and church, and in so nature, or to humanity, or to God.

attitude toward religion is found doing cease to be poets. But to Then,

in the personalities of the artists some a new and personal vision is themselves. Poets are more obgranted. By a flash of intuition or "AnAnd airan unwontedof coolnesscalmplayspervadesupon hishis heart.face.

servant and more sensitive than imaginative insight, life, or a part And then he thinks he knows most of us. They, therefore, disof life, is illuminated; chaos gives The Hills where his life rose

cern meanings, and relationships, way to order and symmetry; disAnd the Sea where it goes."

and beauties in the world about cord, to harmony; perplexity, to

them to which we of less responsive understanding. For a moment, at OUT for most of us such poetic

clay are oblivious. And poets are least, the poet sees, or thinks he religious experiences are moless regimented in their thinking, sees, the place of his own life and mentary and fragmentary. They

and less conventional in their emoexperience in the intricate fabric of seldom attain permanency and tional reactions. They are, accordthe universe. For a moment he completeness. They too easily

ingly, more frequently baffled and hears the music of the spheres, and give place in our busy lives to an

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY. 1935 19

uncritical acquiescence in inherited purpose. He is contented with the the secret of the nature of God, and

and prosaic feelings and points of consciousness that God is good, and gains a revelation of the divine purview. They seldom initiate the that His goodness knows no limitaposes. If David's love would proenduring spiritual adventures out tions: vide a life after death for Saul, then

perfect for soul builds more the will love of alone of which God lift the islands his "I not where know at least itself stately mansions. do But as much. For more as God air; in fronded Their palms

in the more spontaneous and im- I only know I cannot drift excels man in power, wisdom, and aginative minds and hearts of poets Beyond his love and care."goodness, so must He excel him in

and prophets such fragments of exlove, and in loving provision for perience take form and pattern; TwfUCH more profound in intelman's eternal welfare. Indeed, in

they become permanent and living lectual and spiritual insight is God, man will find his own finest attitudes toward life. One of our the experience Browning records in qualities perfected and glorified. If

sources of pleasure in fine religious the poem Saul, though the conDavid so loves Saul that he would poems is the discovery in them of ccption of God there presented is sufier for him, then God in His significant, beautiful, and comnot essentially different. In the infinite love would suff'er, nay, will

pleted experiences, fragments of welling up of love in his own heart suffer, to effect the ultimate happiwhich have previously come to us for the sufiering Saul, David finds ness of all His children:

in our own rare moments "Oh Saul, it shall be of creative insight. A Face like my face that reAs has been intimated, ceives thee; a Man like to

the experiences recorded in me.

love Thou shalt and be loved by, religious poetry are essenforever: like this Hand A

tially emotional, and their hand answers to life's riddle canShall throw open the gates of not always be justified by a new life to thee! See

logic or reason. Indeed, the Christ stand!"

poetic solutions to life's But some poets fail to most pressing problems are find in the universe a exceedingly various and kindly Lord in whom they conflicting. The poet of can repose a simple trust.

the Twentythird Psalm They are unable to reconlives in the consciousness of cile the idea of an omthe nearness and friendlinipotent and beneficent ness of God. He fears no Friend with a world in

want or evil; the Lord is which good men aspire,

an ever mindful shepherd, suffer, and perish untimely.

who provides food and rest Like Browning they may for him in green pastures find that man's world is a and beside still waters, and world of law; unlike him,

whose rod and staff sustain they do not discover in it and comfort him even in an all pervading and domithe valley of the shadow of nating love. So not indeath. And Bryant sees in frequently there is born in

the merely instinctive but the heart of the poet the unerring flight of the misad conclusion that men grant water fowl an assurexist in a universe that does ance that in some way the not know them, a universe human spirit through all like Omar Khayyam's inlife's bewilderments will CHRISTMAS EVE which the coming and gofind its haven of peace and By ing of human beings excite stir greater no a than pebbleunderstanding: W. OLIVE cast BURT in the ocean. And

zone, to zone who, from"He sometimes to it the poet boundless the through Guides if forgive tonight me VAARY, if as seems there are domiflight. certain thy sky you were blessed. of but I think how nant in the deities that or world the I must long In way

tread a'lone Sitting in peace, your hour fulfilled. forces actively hostile to

Will lead my steps aright."With warm lips tugging at your breast. man and his purposes. So

to there are Job moments spirit this in unlike Not close heart Forgive me if I my Jehovah when to seems is EterWhittier's toneand later bitter years; of thought To maliciously hound him by anal Goodness. But new I If deliberately shut out day night, until and he

enters. poetelement The of pain your and tears. memory The longs for the peace and the troublehas with had

theologians. He cannot For, Mary, it is Christmas Eve, darkness of the grave

I a sea or their a whaleunderstand iron I it close in joy, "Am would wrap And settest That thou over a watchcreeds, their plans lockstep see, fears; memories and no you No me? It is for salvation.of not I also a little have boy. I say, bed When shall comMy "to mete and fix withhim fort me,

bound"the divine love and (Continued on gage 27)

ROMANQE CIlolTWO By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON CHAPTER III Illustrated by FIELDING K. SMITH

following mornand met the terrible oning the cityXHEof LehiNephi awakenslaught. Then to the

ed to find herself without guards. anxious watchers at home

Before she had time to wonder or came the swiftly carried conjecture a heartclutching cry news that they had routed rang through the streets: the Lamanite army and

"The Lamanites are coming! held their King a prisoner.

Instinctively, each heart beat The people went mad at faster; each pair of feet hastened the all but unbelievable

more. In an incredibly short time message. They danced,

King Limhi had his men mobilized. they shouted, they carried

Zena, Leah, Sarah and others were unheard of sacrifices to the at the North Gate to see them march Temple.

away. Their joy was short

"Oh, to be a man,"Zena cried lived! Through King

aloud as the great gate swung to Laman, the reason for the upon the last of the pitifully small attack was learned.

army. There was no cheering, no Twentyfour Lamanite

whispered goodbyes. Hearts were maidens had been surprised

too full. Only a miracle could at their play and carried

save them from the avenging hordes away by Nephite men.

they went to face. King Laman had not heard

"A vain wish. Daughter,"an of the errant Priests of

old man at her elbow answered. King Noah and their fear

"Better be a strong maiden, than a of returning to their own broken, useless man."City. When he was con-

"But I wish to help,"she cried. vinced that they were the

"There is much to be done,"he miscreants he offered to volunteered. "Excepting a few of withdraw his army for his

our guards, the City is without liberty. So the Nephites

men, only the blind, the halt, and came home with a victory the women are left. There is much that was not a victory.

to be done."

"Yes, yes;"they all cried, and Oi'NCE again

never did men work harder than the Lamanite guards pathose girls. Under the old man's trolled their walls and decommanding, they helped roll manded half their produce.

stones upon the walls to be used in There was a feeling, espedefense if their army was driven cially among the young back. They filled water barrels in men, that had King Limhi

the City from springs without, for kept the Lamanite King they might be driven to the inner prisoner, all would have wall. The regular work too, must been well. King Limhi

go on. and Gideon, his Captain,

Time and again during the days knew better, but the feeling that followed, the Nephites were of injustice grew until the driven back toward their walls, but city was in a tumult; and

each time they rallied successfully Limhi reluctantly led them

barter them for food, but the Mighty

One only laughed and drove them savagely to their work.

In the household of Jared, there was great unrest. Month after

month Zena waited tremblingly to hear dreaded words from the lips of her grandfather. There came a

time when she crept to where he sat, white head bowed in anguish and kissing the hem of his garment, sobbed:

"Grandfather, the suffering of our people is unbearable. Listen no

longer, Beloved, to the wishes of a vain selfish maid. If it be thy will,

send me to the Lamanite that he may alleviate the tortures heaped upon us. Thy wish is mine."

The old man raised his head and his emaciated hand caressed the shining curls. A smile warmed

his wan face.

"Not yet, Little Daughter,"he said, noting the tears of thankfulness that dimmed her eyes.

"Not yet. Child of my

Heart, Succor shall come, but not until every head and heart is bowed in humility. Then it shall

come in Jehovah's own way."

Social intercourse ceased.

The great amusement halls; the

robes of linen and fine silks; the

jewels brought with such care from the mines above the City, lay idle and unused and gradually their houses of worship filled. Every evening when their

YOU,"WITH'COME! CRIED AWAY THE GUARD

BRUTALLY, FALSE pride for the routing of their glorday's work was done, they would OF PREACHING "AND NO MORE

GODS TO THIS PEOPLE. BEGONE."JARED ious army and the loss of their gather in the outer court of the

STOOD FIRM. sisters and daughters. Nanaaha Temple to be fed the Bread of Life.

once more held the keys to the City The day's sorrows rolled back a but and waited impatiently for Jared's little when they could glean from forth to battle—not once

thrice. pride to break. the words of their beloved Priests

They fought with the joy of Repeated battles had drained the a ray of hope for the future.

their victory in their hearts. They city of its already depleted manJared, they particularly loved to

returned after their third ghastly power. Each morning great crowds hear. Though feeble and emacidefeat, broken in spirit and subof boys and women and girls filed ated, the old Priest would recount

missive to their fate; but, where dismally through the great stone to them the vision of Lehi; telling

they had known the Lamanites as gates to the fields where under them of the sacrifice on Mount Calguards, they now knew them as crudest surviellance they prepared vary which was to lift them from taskmasters; patrolling not only ground and planted crops. They spiritual darkness. Each day Zena's

the borders of their land but their needed no urging to do their best own thoughts dwelt more on that streets as well. Hard guardsmen for already the cry of the gaunt vision and she formed images in her

they had always been, but now wolf, starvation, could be heard own mind of the Savior that was they inflicted unbearable indignities echoing through their halls. Many to be. The more she thought of

and cruelties upon them; as if took their jewels and family relics it, the more sure she became that

beating them they could salve their and going to Nanaaha offered to (Continued on age 60)

The HEADACHE?22WHY

'From

city, an eastern foods of dinner more a MecliCal Service Health digcstStoff and stagthan woman,''-i palatable ttalkaline ible. into a prom- r\poorgered An OI University r the-, Drigham Young ment drug store. purge, or even a heavy

She was about forty dose of some alkalinyears of age, pale, somewhat emaciwho are prone to nervous agitation izer seems to offer best relief, as a ated; and swayed as she walkedout of proportion to the magnitude rule.

not like one intoxicated, but more of any exciting cause. Persons, Functional upset of glands of inas one suffering from certain disease who suffer unconscious disturbance ternal secretion accounts for many

of the central nervous system. because of some unrecognized headaches, especially among wom-

"Would you tell me where I mental conflict, are often prone to en. From disturbance of ovaries,

can find a good doctor close by?"frequent headaches. This kind is the headache is likely to be of a

she inquired, trembling. likely to be in forehead and top of "bursting"type and most agoniz-

"What do you want a doctor the cranium, tending to become ing. These are frequently attribfor?"asked the druggist who had general. uted to sinus disease, and their true

appeared. If the individual can be induced cause entirely unsuspected. The

"I have such a headache,"she to lie down and relax, ready relief patient with increased activity of said, drawing her hand over her is usually obtained. Nervous headthe thyroid is prone to headache,

forehead. And, seeing the halfaches are largely responsible for the as is also, the one with disease of

dazed expression in her heavy eyes, wide sale of headache tablets, the pituitary gland.

one could scarcely doubt the agony powders, and aspirin, as they readIn some quarters it is believed she described, ily respond temporarily to simple that the severe type of headache 'You don't want a doctor,"the pain relievers known as migraine results from disdruggist advised. "I can fix that Much can usually be done to turbance of glands of internal secreup for you."lessen the frequency of such attacks tion. Other observers are sure it

From his shelves he took down by adopting a program including is more often due to allergy, or a small package. physical exercise outof-doors; hypersensitization to foods, textile

"This will only cost you fifty more recreation of a wholesome materials, or other substances occents,"he continued, "and it will type; attention to elimination; curring in the environment of the

cure your headache better than any avoidance of excitement and agitavictim. Probably both views are

doctor could."tion; and, where a mental conflict correct in certain instances; and here

Headache is not a disease, but is present, explanation of its as elsewhere, every individual must only a symptom; and like all other mechanism to the individual so that be considered as a problem entirely

symptoms it arises from some disits true nature is no longer unrecdifferent from any other one.

ordered function. An existing disognized and its problem hidden.

turbance is imparted to the nervous Constipation may give a most A NOTHER type of functional system somewhere and eventually annoying type of headache—one headache is that due to acute

finds expression through certain which is commonly worst in back infections, as lagrippe, pneumonia, pain -nerves which localize the of head and forehead, and which and smallpox. It is believed this

trouble in one's head. This may frequently has a surging quality results from action of poisons prostill be true, although the causative most disconcerting, when one is duced by the infection upon pain

disorder is actually in organs of the Frying to do mental tasks. Unloadnerves inside the cranium. If such

pelvis or even farther away ing of the lower bowel, even if is true, it would seem reasonable to

Like any pain, headache is a sigone must use an enema to do it, suppose the headache so often an nal of something wrong in the orwill give most gratifying relief accompaniment of certain kidney ganism. The trouble may be within a short time. disease to be produced in a like

merely a functional one, or it may Excessive heat, such as many manner.

be some serious organic disease, thousands experienced during the If one were asked to enumerate such as tumor of the brain. summer of 1934, is a common the three most common causes of

Among the simplest causes of cause of headache, usually more or headache, one should probably list functional head pains are those inless general in location. It is also them, in their order of frequency,

volving nervous tension. Occurnearly always a forerunner of heat as: eye disorders, sinus disease, and

ring more commonly among stroke, and should warn one to seek nervous excitement.

women, they are prone to arise a cooler place, as well as to refrain In previous articles, we have from any nervous excitement, such fiom physical activity for a time, mentioned the great importance of as being hostess at an exacting social Headache not infrequently aceye strain in causing headaches. In

affair, domestic disagreements, takcompanies derangements of digesaddition, various diseases of the ing part on a club program, or tion. This probably explains the eyes are often accompanied by

playing afternoon bridge for "morningafter head"which is headache of one kind or another, money. Such headaches occur so distressing—-whether the party As a general rule, head pain from

usually among highstrung people, was an alcoholic excess, or a late {Continued on page 29)

IsThe Depression By ELAH Changing The

long ago I read an articleNOTsaying that many of the old virtues by which men have lives for generations theirmolded OLD VIRTUES?

discard. in thepast were I've wondered since if that is not true

wondered because of what people a bath, all crowded Into if any of the 24 by 20 feet. It is aare doing—wondered

old moral posts are really worth tywee house, not at all ing to. What I really want are a few palatial, but we love it.

true values to cling to, just the as- I, because I supplied the surance that I'm on the right track. capital, and John, beFrankly, this is what is on my cause he built It—that

mind. is, as far as he could beYou see, I have always been fore I fell down on my

taught that a good citizen was a end of the job.

builder, a progressive member of We are moved in now society, a worker. Ludwig Schmidt, and beam with pride

for instance, was acclaimed a when people call. But,

mighty fine fellow to have in the we are minus inside community because o? his progresdoors, casings, plumbing

siveness. Visitors to our little fixtures, cabinet. In fact

town were always driven by his it is far from finished.

home, that they might see how atBut, our secondhand tractively his hedge was trimmed, LOVEIT IS IT.A WEEI, BECAUSEHOUSE, NOTI SUPPLIEDAT ALL PALATIAL,THE CAPITAL,BUT ANDWE stove bakes our bread

how the doll house peeped out from JOHN, BECAUSE HE BUILT IT. and our secondhand bed

under the grape arbor, how artisis soft and we are still In tically the bee hives were arranged "\A7"E married because we loved love. So we are far from being

in the corner of the orchard. The each other. Even depressions poor. Please don't think this Is a

sightseeing tour was always concan't stop that, you know. He plea for financial help, but rather a

cluded with, "and he received five was out of a job then and is still plea for what might be called "soul dollars for having help."is, job. satisfying that of one, the neatest yard out a paying "

in at Fortunately the time of our marYou see, I lost my job because

Ludwig had come from Gerriage I had one and we saved scruthere are to be three of us before many at twenty and father, wishpulously every penny for five long, which you will admit coming to instill thoughts of industry, months. We put those pennies plicates things. The two of us

thrift, and good citizenship in the into a house with three rooms and live, and rather well, we think, on minds of my brother and I, often vegetables from father's garden and pointed him out as one who had on the milk and eggs John gets in really succeeded. It must have been TTERE is set forth one of the exchange for milking a cow. We've

the playhouse, surely not Mr. present day problems and heard though, that babies cost

Schmidt's bald head that caused hotv graphically it is set forth! money and wear shoes. Though

me, a child of ten to resolve then We understand that the "pauour shoes are thin, we still have that my husband must be like him. peris oath,** so obnoxious to them,so they are not as pressing a

You see even then my feminine ego manynated people,front thehasprocedurebeen imiin concern as the newcomer's.

was being fed as imaginary passersgiving relief, but the accepting Although a job with a pay by said, "That is Mrs. 's of help is still embarrassing to check would be appreciated at

home. Her husband is just too some people. We print this arany time, we could get along for

that thinking a surveyambitious."ticle of a while as we are if John Jr. were

will lady's this young problem

I'm twentyfive now, and seven help our readers to visualize the not scheduled to arrive. Both John

months married. My husband problem of the other person. and I are creative, at least we flatter

hasn't a bald head, but he's every The lady closes with a question. ourselves that we are. Our living

bit as industrious as any German If any of our readers have an room Is In the process of taking on rather unique looking furniemigrant who ever landed. Inanswer,to get itin forbrief,"Yourwe shdlPagebe gladAnd some

stead, however, of It being his great Ours"or as a one page article if ture. We've killed despondency in

asset, it Is really his financial it is really worth while. what would have been Idle hours,

handicap. (Continued on page 29)

GRINS THAT PUT By ROBERT M. HYATT

After reading this article if you are asked for a funny book you are likely to refer the inquisitor to a United States

Postal Guide.

at your map and laugh!LOOK No, not yours—ours. Uncle

Sam's, rather. Well, anyway, there are more guffaws packed

in the funny paper map of the good old U. S. A. than a comedian's

joke book contains. And these

snickers, titters and uncontrollable mirth bombs are names of towns.

And no offense to their residents, please.

Who can stifle a giggle at such appellations as Haddam, Ketchum,

Goody, Gizzards, Bughill and Pancake? What, where, or why are

they? Not really names of towns?

No foolin'!

Just for fun, address a letter to the "Postmaster, Uncle Sam."You

probably think that it would be delivered at the National Capitol.

Wrong. It would go to a sleepy

little town in Louisiana, the only place of that name in this grand old funny Uncle's domain.

Speaking of Uncle Sam reminds Ripley! Perhaps your own state Coin, Penny, Dice, Domino,

us of America. You have been boasts one. Let's see: Alabama, Chance, Fairplay, Miracle, Goodtaught to believe that there is but Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illiluck, Win. If "luck"always ran

ope America. Don't be disillunois, Maryland, Missouri, New thus, it's only natural that there

sioned, there are two Americas, Mexico, New York, Oregon, Tenshould be Smile, Joy, Happy, and right here In the United States. In nessee, Virginia, West Virginia and Odds. Now Add (another town),

fact. Alabama and Illinois each has Mississippi. Jinks, Cheap, Subtle, Sory and

one. And Reno. You wouldn't think Stop. What a session!

And, while we're "grinning of asking "which"Reno, would Other states exhibit the specuacross the continent,"as It were, you? But we must be accurate. lative tendency, too. Louisianaperhaps you'll agree with history There are three others—Georgia, and Tennessee each give us Gold

that America Is comparatively Illinois and Ohio, However, the Dust, the latter throwing In a young. But there are two others latter three are never front page Greenback. Alabama, Maryland,

—-Youngmuch younger;America,rnere InfantsIllinoisIn andfact news.The tales told about Kentucky's oneSouthChanceDakotaapiece.and VirginiaThere'sgiveCashus

Minnesota. fine horses, blue grass, and family (a little) In Iowa; Bucks in AlaTake Hollywood. A name confeuds have encircled the globe. bama, and good old Wampum in

juring magic dreams the world And many a doubting lad has gone Pennsylvania. Missouri comes

over. Why, a letter addressed with down to Dixie to find out which along with Competition, Fair Play,

that single word would promptly was the finest. And came back Pay Down, Safe, Success, Flat,

land In the scintillating city of still doubtful! But there's no Sinkin and Sank. There's Jack

Kleigs, eclIDses! But doubt about the gaming spirit that in Alabama; a Jitney in Montana: stars—and

would It? Not necessarily. There prevails there. Glance at these few a Liberty Bond In Washington.

are fourteen others, believe it or geographical proofs; Bet, Cash, We find an Odd, Ante and King25

INTHE WRINKLES

Thus Cupid is geographically portrayed in several states. We

that it exists in some others, OUR MAP assume too!

Numbers as town names bob up quite often. Arkansas imparts

Fiftysix, Fivemile, Figure Five and

Forty Four; while Florida delivers

Fifty Seven Mile and Two Egg.

Now glance at Kentucky's Eighty Eight, Threelinks, Twentysix and Thousandsticks.

There's Sixteen in Montana and

Seventeen in Ohio; Sixes in Oregon

and Six in West Virginia.

We draw Old Hundred in North Carolina; Number Four in New

York; Forty Fort in Pennsylvania,

and Three Square in Virginia.

South Carolina turns in Four Holes, Ninety Six, Nine Times.

You can get Four Horse and Ten

Sleep in Wyoming. Oklahoma has

no "numbers,"just a Bunch!

Believe it or not, there arc three

Ripleysi Mister Ripley, Tennessee's Ripley, and Ripley, New

York.

Did you know that Tarzan is somewhere in Texas? That there

is an Iron Nation in South Dakota?

No wonder the wags are wagging about the country's morals going to pot, with only one Modest

Town in the United States. It's

in Virginia. They have Traffic,

too. andQueen in Virginia. North Will you be suspicious of your

Carolina sires Cash Corner, Cashbrother or sister if we tell you that iers, Chip and Trust. Graft presors Neck and Tiff (a lover's tiff there are only Three Brothers and

vails in Colorado; while Michigan perhaps!) and Kissee Mills. Three Sisters in the whole nation?

provides Payment, Maybe. Rugged old Montana has its roTheir homes are Arkansas and

There's Sharp, Nevada; Securmantic side with Big Arm, Twist, Florida, respectively. And Texas

ity, Maryland; Pawn, Oregon; Contact, Content, Locate, Family claims the only existing Twin

Gip, Hoard, Plus and Joker, West and Zero! (Plenty of the latter!) Sisters.

Virginia; Cost, Dime Box, Dinero, North Carolina sports Maiden, Gangland is generally associated

Texas. And South Dakota Devotion, Matrimony, Newlife with our largest cities, but it is well

Nemo! and Worry. Yazzah! represented in the small ones, too.

TN Spring a young man's fancy Oregon is more emphatic with Nebraska has a Rackett. Pennsylyou know the lines. Then imPersist, Promise, Sweet Home and vania edges in a Smokeless, Smokeagine, if you can, the fancies young Sublimity. town and Torpedo. Missouri

men have in the following towns: The whole story of perilous onecontributes Alley, Blue Eye, Rat

Coy, Hon, Love, Arkansas; Lovarm driving originates in West and Gang. Mississippi comes back

ing, Georgia; Bliss, Deary, Sweet Virginia. There's Man, Auto, with Soso and O. K. Montana

and Sugar, Idaho; Lovewell and Dusk, Posey, Left Hand, Hazy, slips us a Quietus. All know where

May Day, Kansas; Beauty, DimQuick, Duck, Omps, Cutlips, Cicero is.

ple, Eden and Eve, Kentucky. Pinch! Could a careless moonlight

The moonlit levees of Missisdrive be more complete? \fJ find a Slick and a Tip in

sippi give birth to Darling, Arm, While Minnesota can furnish Oklahoma; a Spot in North

Askew, Whynot, Possum Neck and only Spooner, Wyoming donates Carolina; while Virginia grazes us

Shivers. Missouri bashfully sponDad, Bill, Difficulty and Verse. with Slash. {Continued on page 42)

Let's TalkAbout Personalitu By MILDRED BAKER

PART VI

a man thinks, so is he.

flS Therefore, let no one destroy your faith in yourself, for within you has been implanted spiritual development. Who can full well that we can meet the de-

a glowing spark of divinity which behold the mighty majesty of mands made upon us no matter gives you kinship with the Creator mountains, experience the overhow exacting they may be; knowand provides opportunity for unwhelming thrill of walking among ing we can cope adequately with

limited spiritual development. scenes of sheer and exquisite natural every situation that arises; valuing

of perfect wings such experiences unpleasant melodic through and is which the means byrichness—itSpirituality is a quality of inner beauty, be carried away on the the lessons of life that come as bird difficulties songs meeting bravely and and at dawnmortality is into transmuted imgrace

mortality. It transcends every hueventide or meditate in the solitude with a serenity born of the knowlman quality. Physical attraction, of pine clad canyons and yet remain edge that there is a Power higher

intellectual compatibility, emounaware of the proximity of the than ours to whom all may turn! In this old world of ours, for help and guidance.tional harmony, all are conducive Divine

to a happy marital state but the intimate glimpses of such wonders Then again, we must be orderly.

man and woman whose union is a as these kindle our spiritual fires, Let us evolve a system whereby spiritual communion, as well, find revive our shrinking souls. All of time is permitted to perform our

in their marriage a richness, a joy, these bear witness to the creative regular routine duties but which a consecration that lifts it definitely handiwork of God but an even also admits of sufficient leisure to out of the ordinary and makes of it greater monument to His work is make possible a daily communion something divine. man himself, man in the ascendwith ourselves, that we may come

Spirituality, it seems to me, is ency. to know ourselves better, be able

something that may be achieved CEARCH among your friends and to evaluate ourselves more accuratequite apart from religion. It is the acquaintances. Pick out those ly and thus build where we are

divine heritage of all mankind, remen and women whom you conweak and maintain our worthy gardless of race or creed. It is the sider most admirable, to whom you strength, our strength of character,

outgrowth, the development of a are irresistibly drawn. What kind of purpose. We must do this!

else can we fully appreciatekeenness of insight, a broadness and of persons do you find? You find How

depth of vision and conscience, such those whose bigness, sweetness, the beauty that surrounds us? How

as Seabury describes as "the highest gentleness and graciousness cannot else can we learn to know ourselves expression of a personal power of but leave a good impression upon or our children? How else can

choice, in performance of the task each life with which they come in we understand and help them to of adjusting the ego to mankind contact. Beautiful indeed, are solve their problems and to inculand the natural requirements of those women whose faith is uncate in their lives true ideals of

life."It is the quality, above all wavering, whose tranquil souls are spiritual development?

else, that distinguished Abraham full to overflowing with the beauty Ponder a moment upon the

Lincoln and that distinguishes of living, who know the joy of words of Phillips Brooks: "Do

every great and noble person. We service and look upon life with not pray for easy lives. Pray to be

do not achieve spirituality without smiling, eager eyes, not unknown stronger men. Do not pray for

the exercise of faith, in an effort to to tears and the travail of pain. tasks equal to your powers. Pray

seek the good, the beautiful, the Children love them for they are for powers equal to your tasks.

true and to believe that these things kind. Men and women alike adThen the doing of your work shall

do exist in spite of the prevalence of mire them for they are strong. be no miracle. But you shall be

evil, corruption and ignorance. How can we go about to attain a miracle. Every day you shall

Miller further says, "No man who this spiritual development that rewonder at yourself, at the richness has attained maturity without acflects a radiance in our physical of life which has come to you by quiring a philosophy of life, its makeup? Surely not by worrying the grace of God."

purpose and the existence of a diover trifles, by nagging or scolding Strive then for a high degree of vine Creator, has ever known real or by unhappy losses of good spirituality, for that depth and life."We who have ears to hear temper. Rather must we strive for richness of soul which is the crownand eyes to see need never lack for harmony, a calm, peaceful attitude ing glory of a well integrated perinspiration and opportunities for toward our daily tasks, knowing sonality.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY. 1935 27

The Poetry of Regreatestone that lessonsooner thator laterJobmostlearnsof usis studentobjectionwithto ait.theologicalThe thoughtfultendency

life is learn: is likely in religion that thing, to argue a fragile humanligious Experience live counts. truth in a alone beings world ultimate "What human {Continued from page 19) and

) the events of which are not all to value,"he is likely to ask, "can be explained by any simple philcome to the seeker for religious scarest dreams thou: me with Then religious of the study truth from 'osophy

terrifiest visions, me through And are experiences admittedly which is that of born strangling that soul "Man chooseth woman So my illogical, contradicand full Is of of trouble. emotional, life."and days few rather death than And my He Cometh forth like a flower, and is cut tory?"My answer is this: If the

QUT the Book of Job invites spedown; student of religion is interested only

cial attention. The great He fleeth also as a shadow, and conin the quest of ultimate theological

dialogue between Job and his tinueth not."truths, he should, perhaps, not read

friends offers perhaps the most THE examples of religious experipoetry at all. But if he is intermoving poetry in the realm of relience here given are merely repested in the truth about human

gious experience. The problem resentative of a variety that is albeings in their attempt to find reraised remains a universal one, and most infinite. I am aware that the ligious meaning in the world, then

the spiritual sufferings depicted fact of variety in religious poetry let him spend his days and nights find responsive hearts wherever men may to some readers constitute an with the poets. For back of nearly

ponder deeply the issues of life. all religious poems is a human

Job is the victim of a philosophy, search for deity, an eager reaching one that blinds him to some of the of human hands in the dark for most obvious facts of human exthe finger of God. In all of them

perience. He has never seen men, there is a revelation of the essential

women, and children victimized nobility of man. From them the

by circumstances over which they understanding and sympathetic have no control and which bear no reader should turn with a new conrelation to their motives or their sciousness of human dignity, and acts. He knows nothing of innowith a new determination to live

cent suffering, for basic in his his own life more courageously and thinking is the assumption that dimore nobly. And from them

vine justice always exhibits itself should come to all of us a lesson in in punishing the guilty and in prostolerance, a resolution not to ask pering the innocent. Righteousof all men that their views of huness, to him, is insurance against man life and being be made to conall misfortunes. His own life has form to the pattern of our own.

JOSEPH GIBBY virtue. extraordinary of onebeen A ND one need not abandon one's aphe hasIndeed, attained what

proaches human perfection. He The Cover own sense of religious value to

has, therefore, every reason to look HE Cover this month was prepared by respond with sympathy and delight experiartist conflicting Angeles, varied to Gibby, of the Joseph an Los and prosto a life of unbrokenforward in to response note submitted and our religious poetry. in ences of One may happiness. withperity and Then the the of magazine. October number are experiences that grant some disaster after comes warningout in Utah, Morgan, born Gibby was Mr.

others. religious truly than more a Oct. of 4, son H. 1907, and James herds, loveddisaster. Flocks, and

ones are snatched from him with Matilda Anderson Gibby. With his family One may admit that the meek subuntil place place to they trust the missiveness he of simple from moved and his swiftness, bodystunning and settled in the in where youth 1919, Ogden better are Psalm Twentythird

is loathpainful a afHicted and with art the at studied School and High Ogden selfassurance of the arrogant than all, it his for disease. the Stewart, under LeConte well knownsome And rebellious better Invictus, the than artist. February, In he went Utah 1926, offers exor religionphilosophy no

of the of Job. questionings jBoo to Angeles, resided ever has he Los where concluappallingplanation. The

since. first lettering did he and At the many intimate that admit One may itself that forcession upon him tasks at other various art studios. the At just a consciousness of kind and justice. is a of longer no God his present a studio has heGod of where own affairs directing of the personal God is art. he commercial doing capricious a seemsRather, and He inscrutable in universe the His own is in been has and Church He evil the savingvindictive and God,

is religious first work. genuinely the president more was He Men way activeM of good. In thedestroying agony

in the Wilshire Stake, Ward, Hollywood loftiest skepticism, or the the than spirit, that curses the gave day Job is present at in he counselor second and despair. sublime most One may alienhis pleads birth the stake. with of that Elders of and Tenth Quorumhim

still feel that these things grant and in Salt in the married was He Lake Temple deity death: grant toated him

1929 to Alice Purer and the couple have each poetic attitude, nobly and

I request, that have might "Oh my children, a a girl. boy beautifully two and expressed, has its own

the grant thing that would me God And to for us cover the drawing came The its intrinsic lends value. each For

I that for! long ready the for engraver instructions with of the spectrum shades to tints and it please that to dewouldEven God artist the the for engraver. addiand In

stroy race. me; the experience religious the of it color accompanied scheme was by a

his loose he would That favorite his us of have treated. sketch the Each to be hand and cut me tionshowing may was how

off! sketches a of have subhad number still fully the color, We enjoy and

I should comfort."yet have Then mitted, but be most cannot conof them of variegated splendor beauty and

The great debate of the Book of sideredthose makingbecausethetheysketchescame didin toonot latefollowor the rainbow. Indeed, to the philoJob affords, however, no solution our suggestions. We can use only two sophic mind, here and always, the

to the problem of innocent sufferflat colors. beauty of the whole excels the

ing. Perhaps there is none. The beauty of the parts.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935

God, but on its observance of uniwhole stress has been placed by the the disciples of in that Smith upon Joseph versal law. Furthermore,The Greatness of ideas. the tenhis find For origin of each person will future world

is to minimize the man, toJoseph Smith his own place and level; these will dency

rein the past behavior; and he dividual and -:——-4 worth background—a {Continued from page 9) be predicated upon his present put God in the forefront and the into applied process the versal of will find commenemployment

ritual merely, as one division of surate with his intelligence and every other prophet, whether in the modern Christianity maintained, or dignity as a human being, instead Bible or the Book of Mormon.

through grace only, as taught by of on his musical ability in praise The truth is, as everyone knows another division; and he substiof a great Egoist. who has had any dealings with

in ideatuted harmony more an a big learners, that cannot put you as Joseph Mormonism, Thus it, as life well as aswith know we idea into a mind, small more any is it, a conceived complete Smith the of a understading properwith gallon a water of can than put you life. is It creed, a pattern of not are saved thatScriptures, men pint a into cup. Joseph That a sect, a merely, a church even nor future, knowledge.through The clearly so able to hold was Smith it religion, a society. has but Nor is the of extension taught, anhe deeply of large a group firmly and in of element contemplation any is present an as the justpresent,

is all ideas, the proof fundamental is force or compulsion. not That past. the continuation ofunbroken

From the eternity that was through the way of growth. Said the Prowe need of the greatness of his inthe time that is into the enternity phet: I teach my followers cortellect. His mind was exceptional

its clarity, its range, its penetrarect principles, and they govern in is is the ceaseless tothat be—this tion, solidity. It themselves. and its is on ego; the and its ofstream human

growth, the push of it towards perFrom the point of view of the this basis of ideas that Joseph fection of character, depends, not man, it is in a way unfortunate Smith will be increasingly regarded upon whim and caprice, even in that up to the present almost the in the estimation of mankind.

750 feet of solid rock. Those who and improvised torches is to hear

Yes, I've Visited the had the time and the inclination really a heroic story. By the way,

back the tons of walked had come. more guano than 100,000 we way CavernsCarlsbad fifty cents. fare were taken corridor bat from the was The elevator (Continued from page 15)

.: couldWhenscarcelywe reachedbelievethethatsurfacea worldwe betweenas fertilizer.1901 andIt is 1921,estimated,and soldachide myself in thee."A male quarcould be so brilliant or—so hot. cording to the booklet about the

tet somewhere singing effectively We found ourselves in one of the Park, that this was accumulated was giving us a genuine thrill as we stone houses we had observed beover a period of between 1,500 and sat there at the foot of an altar fore we went underground, but a 1,600 years. It seems impossible

builded through fifty million years quarter of a mile away from the that such an accumulation could by the invisible forces of water and entrance to the caverns. occur over any length of time, but

air and limestone. A light was When we returned to the store when one pauses to reflect that there

thrown upon the beautiful formawe found Superintendent Thomas are, estimated, 3,000,000 bats that tion making the song all the more Boles visiting among the tourists. consume an estimated 1 1 H tons of

effective. Then one by one the He asked us if we were sorry that insects such as mosquitoes, moths,

sections of lights were turned on, we remained over to see the Cavbeetles and the like in a single night, beginning in the very rear of the erns. All of us answered emphatone can believe in that accumuBig Room. The light came forically in the negative. Superinlation.

fairylike at the until length agreed send to Boles tendent thenward in explorations Carlsthe The

It a flooded.place pictures moto was the of Caverns was me still Caverns on. at bad Later go

It forgotten. be never to was in for usement City Salt Lake ImThe the corridors of be lower some may

first present thatas enIf were Era. on have provement if we you tourists, to yet as opened the but

morning when God said: "Let joyed the accompanying pictures nothing to exceed in beauty that

there be light."Leek, have you and Jay him of wonderful Big Room has been Breathless, at the guide's bidthe Studio, to thank. Leek Photo found.

ding, we rose and continued on When we left the Caverns we our way still in a veritable labypaused on our way out of the park If you live in the West and rinth of beauty. to talk with and photograph Jim would like a winter outing, the

At length we found ourselves White, hero of the Carlsbad. Mr. road to Carlsbad is always open

once more in the lunch room from White is not connected with the and the weather is usually rather which we had emerged two and a Park service but we found him to fine. If you live in the East, the

half hours before. What hours be a pleasant, accommodating, Caverns are even more easily accesthey were there under the Good middleaged man of the cowboy sible. Winter or summer, howEarth examining her jewels. pattern. He sells his own story ever, the Carlsbad National Park

The crowd was divided. Those of the finding and the exploration can easily take its place with the

who had to catch buses were alof the Caverns. finest of the Parks as a place of

lowed to leave by the elevators first. natural wonders to which the lover

We who had our own cars but were TO hear Jim tell of those bats and of nature in its most delicate as in somewhat of a hurry, were those three days spent in Pluto's well as its most magnificent moods whisked to the surface next through kingdom with nothing but strings can return again and again.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY. 1935 29

appear only during afternoon with a running The individual or discharging begins havear, whoWhy the hours.may

Headache? of Headachemany formsis a commonof organicsymptomdisease, onceing headache,a specialistshouldin diseasesconsultof theat

(Continued

. from page 22) andor lesswhencontinuousone sufferspain infromthe head,more ear,suggestsfor suchseriousa dangercombinationto the oftenindidifficulties of vision tend to be getting perhaps better at some times vidual's life;

worst in the afternoon and evening, and worse at others, but present From the few observations realthough this is not invariable. constantly in some degree, steps cited concerning headache, we hope

They do, however, almost certainly should be taken to ascertain its to leave the notion that pain in the show greater severity after using cause. Such a situation often head is z symptom, often of grave

the eyes, especially for close work promises some serious disease as an importance and bearing upon hapsuch as reading and sewing. underlying reason. piness, health and even life itself.

In contrast to the afternoon Where frequent headache and Also, may we suggest again that headache of eyestrain, that from vertigo, or dizziness, are associated, headache should not be dealt with sinus disease usually occurs in the it is likely to be of more serious as described in our opening paramorning. It is common for the significance than where either one graph. Let us say too, we do not

patient to awaken with pain, which alone is present. Headache and unwish to leave any impression that

gets worse for a few hours, then steadiness of gait; or headache the majority of pharmacists would

rapidly subsides, only to reappear with vomiting or blurred vision, even attempt to treat a patient as the next morning. This again, is may signify disease of the central there outlined. However, in every

not invariable, and a chronic sinus nervous system, and speedy attenwalk of life occur the few who disease may give more or less contion should be given to determine seem destined to lend ill repute to stant headache. Or the discomfort its underlying cause. the group.

with which to haul water from the we may get both in the same allotIs the Depression neighbor's and the curtains I made ment. Goodness if that happens I

article shall to say tie apron, to write another nothing have will to do. that a plea,Changing the Old offromthemythings and that not be we plan We

Virtues? aremakegoinga rusticto rockfence.the Weditchreallyand capitalwill be letters.an SOS with financial in

(Continued from page 23) wouldn't miss the pay check for a The bugaboo in the works is ''4 time I am sure, except for an octhis. We've felt all along that it

in creating from a cheese box, a casional pang when a FERA emtook more than the mere signing barrel, springs, velour and padding ployee rides by in a car, but it's of the name each month at the Nafrom an old car, what we believe the baby. tional Employment Bureau to land

shows promise of resembling someDon't think he was an accident. a job with the CCC, FERA or

thing in the overstuffed line; espeNo really, he's to be a very welcome in other words, the National

cially the hassock which is just a intruder. For after all, life has a W-O-R-K agency whatever the inlittle top heavy on account of too way of slipping by fast when one itials happen to be for the month.

much stuffing necessary because the reaches twentyfive. What is more, Yet John signed faithfully and

model "T's"spring refused to be we want a girl soon after though hoped for the best. But, last week,

made sound proof with less. Then I suppose one can't be too definite our suspicions were definitely afthere is the tiny cart with a touch about babies before their arrival. firmed when we found out that

of Holland about it that John Especially is this true this season these jobs are given only to those made to pull behind the bicycle as nature seems rather tricky and who are on relief. That didn't set

well with John or myself.

prided ourselves along we've THE LONELYiYEAR A LLthat have gotten on these we (H, not the bright harvest of the fields for me two months without relief. When

Rather the chill line of shore, the grey sea we have eaten our milk and eggs

Not fluttering butterflies, pinks, nor goldenglow. we have been pretty contented that

But the desperate bleakness of trees, bare to the snow. we didn't have to call for help.

We even had a moment when we Never before this year knew I the pain thought we were being better

Of restless April, crying down each lane; American Citizens than they whose

Nor guessed what torture lay outside my room pantries were stocked with the

In the sweet flush of apple trees in bloom. variety purchased with their relief

checks. We have known that we

Now give me only winter's silent cold. could get on relief for we have less

Beauty is terrible when one grows old. than several who have long been

Spring is a weeping ghost of loves that died, provided for, but we have foreSummer, a swordthrust in my naked side. stalled the day, because something

within us drilled there in school

ROSANNAH CANNON cardeddays perhaps,virtues,justwhisperedone of those"charitydisis for the old and decrepit, the 30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY, 1935

widows and orphans, those who on it, half the community is anyshould help them. They are old

can't work."way."Others say, "It's no disand tired, we are young and

In contrast to Ludwig Schmidt, grace, it's the only way a man can anxious to work.

I remember in more prosperous get work. Anyway you'll have to Now Mr, Editor, are we bulldays how we pointed the jSnger of help pay it back, you may as well headed and stubborn with an overscorn at a family who not only have a little of it."dose of false pride, or are we

received charity, but expected it beOf course our parents wouldn't clinging to one of the virtues which cause the husband had an occasional let us starve, although they with should not be discarded, one which twinge of rheumatism. Now, their few chickens are not quite able helped to build this nation of ours.

however, all around us we hear, to keep on top financially themWe thought we were, that is why "The country owes us a living. If selves. They can't afford a baby we are still on milk and eggs. If

they can't give us work, they anymore than can we, but they will not, why must we become paupers should keep us."Constantly we do their best to help. Yet it is not in order to get a job and why must

are advised to go on relief. Some from them we want help. Things babies with ablebodied fathers be

say, "No one need know you are should be reversed. It is we who branded as charity babies?

.—'A

or THE MONEY RECEIVED IN ONE YEAR IN FEES DUES AND GIFTS TO PHILANTHROPIC ACTIVITIES?S)TH05E WITH

INCOMES OF #5,000 ANP MORE UP TO 91000,000.

GAVE1%% THOSE WITH NCO/nES OVER #3,000.

AND UP GAVE 180% AND THOSE WITH IWCO/nES OF i'='/ /SjSlf/S #5,000.

OR LES 6 AVE 687o

"PUSH ON HIM! WE MAY GET HIM THROUGH!"

IkM EN and women who have been receiving ing upon philanthropy may grow lean. A survey

It 1 large gifts from rich people for the instituwhich appeared some time ago in the Literary Dillons over which they preside were lamenting a gest seems to indicate, on the contrary, that the few months ago the fact that if no great fortunes hope of such institutions is to be found in building are amassed institutions and organizations dependup the common people.

Repose Melodies Elysian By Mabel Harmer Poets to Receive Prizes By Octave F. Ursenbach

this number Volume WITH is the erstcurtain 'gainst that breath the upon field whose rRAWN A HOARY of 38 The Improvement - while sphere. * brown begins. that the That Era means

Aye, Providence right yesterday green. But wondrously was was poetiy also. contest begins again

clear those once dim grain memories To of Bouquets from the stubbled upon down just to are ready not now We here. us Bereft sheen. of golden

announce what form the contest That we might walk by faith instead of

Thus autumn comes will take or how the poems this sight.

With milder suns year will be judged, but we can And yet withal, some subtle flashes come.

Foretelling sunless days. say that cash prizes will be given That seem to breathe a soft tranquility

earth, pains her labor of The wary life Impressions of a prior and home. o'er, again at the close of the Volume.

lies. Quiescent squirrel store his to veil's pierce dimly Oft The the translucency. Poets eligible are everywhere

shelter hies. winter And vivid, so Dreams come born not of this to receive prizes. these are Here seeds, fast glory with within. Unnumbered earth

Seek resting place. The brook grown thin the rules, such as they are. Poets Faces though strange suggest some long

Forgets its summer ways. submit their work for publicaknown friend

tion in inate Era, The Knowledge Improvement springs from before my repose. 'Tis but will sing birds again The birth, original It must be and must

call. joyous morningA in Somehow, way, to sweetly seem some never published been anyfield stream, and spring another On blend. where in local even its Will miracle. havebefore—not work all sun these of that The melodies come. school or papers. editors The of antemortal and home. God

<atfgSVselect poetry desire they what for Attests the magazine. At the close of

Be Still the year, the poems adjudged cash prizes. will be awarded By Beet Morehouse best

Of course, will Nothing Is Lost the magazine hills, the I climbed wooded continue to pay the By James Owen Tryon 12% cents rills; to the waterTODAY. And listened line to 30 lines. up Longer

to say: seemedThey Is lost, so long as dreams are rarely poems used, but if NOTHING

Be still, and know rebuild that I am God. authors have what they consider

shattered walls bastions and The of our to be unusually good ones, the I stood trees. beneath the stalwart lives.

editors listened to will be pleased breeze; the canyon to readAnd is lost, Nothing long revives. as so hope

It seemed to bring them. its recurrent springs, With frost has what

still,Be and God. know that I am stilled.

I walked the flowery path unheard. This plot of earth which I call mine is

listenedAnd to the song of bird Lost Withfilled.powers prophetic, with a strength to sing: It seemed

strives whichBe still, and know that I am God. By Christie Lund

In quiet ways to break Its icy gyves

I sat upon the sunlit ground. OOME of us walk solitary ways, And disprove winter's boast that it hasAnd in the vibrant silence found. In crowds we sense our own alonekilled.

That very day, ness most;

My life was one with living God, Despite the gawdy role each of us plays So lest I grant that this poor strip of

We ground are but little children—frightened,

lost. Which greens and quickens to a voice

unheard of us belies that Some hunger know of Has more I, immortality than satiation. seeming stand Our And we Banquet Night I shall not take misfortune at its word Uncertainly, while in something us cries let soul Or to poverty be my bound. GueneVere By Anderson the surety For of hand. some forgotten not Have the both rooftree we

are lighting the candles on the *>—-c<iVKsky?yHEY'tables, of the

shining,Ladies with lovely dresses groomed hair and A Miracle -O/fSlr lighting the candles.Are I. Minnie By Hodapp I Adore Things Old

There music—memories is a miracle divine EstetleBeauty arc stirred. By quicken THERE Webb Thomas isglows—hearts fair, all that's TranscendingIt is a gala night.

things, old earth's T ADORE to make darkness shine A gem

J- rare: places; Old talcs radiance holy andOutside, somewhere, a little boy draws With

about him It is the heartpower to forgive Fragile old china,

A tattered coat. His shoes are rags. That love and joy again might live! Old gems and laces;

He bites back a whimper: the wind is cold. Mellow old pictures,

He wishes he had a dime. Forgive! Polished old brass.

The word Is like a chime Massive old sideboards.

"Not by bread alone"man lives. The essence of bright cheer Priceless old glass;

There must be beauty, music. That sheds a genial golden clime And to finish the picture

Memories, lovely voices, charm. O'er Icefields bleak and drear And bring It to life,

But, dear God, suppose there Isn't even The soul becomes a teeming sod A whitehaired old man and bread? Freshblossoming like Aaron's rod! His precious old wife.

Volume Thirtyeight Begins Walk Bravely

YKTITH this number of The Improvement Era, AS the New Year comes to us, may we all walk the magazine enters upon a new year. This bravely forward!

is the first number of Volume 38 and during all Let the word "bravely"take all meanings of the thirtyseven years of the existence of the splendidly, courageously, stoutheartedly, gamemagazine I have been a staunch supporter of it for ly, daringly, unswervingly!

the simple reason that during all those years I Within each man and woman is implanted the have believed in its purpose and in the cause it liahona of his being. It is not merely a compass

it is represents. pointing unwaveringly to a star—to a goal;

In its pages have appeared many of the finest a liahona working according to the faith of him articles and stories and poems that have ever been who owns it. It keeps its needle upon the legend written for Latterday Saints. Men and women—"Do what you think is right."With its

of the past and present have made its pages live owner rests the responsibility of finding out, and with messages of lofty thought and fine spiritualthereby knowing what is right. It does not conity. Through it the mission of the Prophet Josdone ignorance, nor does it guarantee to the ineph Smith has been explained and expounded dolent safe voyage.

again and again. The Gospel as it has been We all have our past years by which to chart

restored in this day and age has been taught; the our course; we all have the goals out ahead sugglory of the life to come has been convincingly gested by the Gospel, We know upon what rocks

portrayed. our shins have been bruised in coming thus far.

For many years the missionaries in the field We know there are other hazards ahead. Next

have had this messenger come to them free of week, next month, we may go down in a tornado charge in order that it might be read and digested not of our making; we may see storms ahead;

and passed on to converts and friends that they, the flash of lightning, the sweep of rain, but if too, might partake of the spirit of this work. the liahona of our soul is working and we have

The good that The Improvement Era has done been able to keep that needle pointing steadily to in this way can scarcely be estimated, for many the legend, then perhaps, if we go down, we can a person of whom we know nothing undoubtedly go down gloriously.

has read it at the home of a friend or at a public If we can walk bravely always through this library, and has left it knowing more of the year, we can be assured of a satisfaction which

Mormons and esteeming them more highly than we can hug to our souls in lieu of what other peohe had done before. The Era is one of the best ple may call success!

missionary factors which the Church has today, Comrades on the great highway, help us and and missionaries value it highly as such. let us help you to walk always bravely! H. R. M.

How many boys and girls reared in the homes of the Latterday Saints have had their first zeal for the Gospel enkindled by its pages, no one can The Church Goes ''Home is feel I safer,say, that a family but always years after the HUNDRED FOUR boys QNE girls are their better if in protectedand homes of Jesus Christ Church of Latterday Saints access publication. to thisthey have organized in was returned to that York it New beginning volume, with this issue, This new state its regularly of with one stakes organized

will carry on the traditions of the magazine. composed of regularly organized wards.

will older encourpeople be our and youngOur a significant announcement. That is

arise to give voiceaged to in the thoughts which harassed, Misunderstood, harried, and it was will the they opportunity have of writingthem;

practically state driven of that out into the westernas as well of material reading will be imwhich portant in molding the lives of the coming generawilderness. Pausing only briefly at Jackson

tion. County, Missouri, Kirtland, Ohio, Nauvoo,

I trust that the Lord in His goodness will inIllinois, the headquarters moved westward into spire those who guide the destiny of the magazine the fastnesses of the Rocky Mountains, rethat it may be as a living fountain of Truth The headquarters moved, but the Gospel springing up and influencing those who peruse its mained. Carried by missionaries and loyal resipages so to order their lives as to be entitled to dents of the Empire state, the glad tidings of the

an eternity of joy in the life to come. restored Gospel remained. Even in President

Joseph Smith's day, New York City and New Sincerely, York state were looked upon as key positions.

The Church maintained a newspaper in the metropolis at one time which rivaled the New York

Times in size if not in importance.

Editor. For a long time now the headquarters of the

Eastern States mission has been located within in the past and its influence will undoubtedly the limits of the great city on the Hudson. For widen as the years pass.

several years, members of the mission and of the "Building Zion Today"is a theme to which various branches have been clamoring for a reguevery Latterday heart can and will respond. We

larly organized stake. They have maintained are looking for a land and conditions better than

that their numbers have warranted such a move this or these and many of us believe they can be on the part of the Church, and that the rapidity found by earnest searchers.—H. R. M.

of transportation between Salt Lake City and it even make YorkNew closer than some of the Holding On stakes once were. of Utah

President Heber J. Grant, President J. Reuben UT of a railroad station a train was pulling,

Clark, Jr., Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon moving slowly but gaining speed with every

and Don B. Colton, president of the Eastern puff of the engine. A quarter of a block away a

States mission, were present and effected the orman was observed, running with all his might toganization. ward the train, unmistakably trying to catch it.

Fred G. Taylor, a former resident of Ogden, Bystanders in the depot goodnaturedly cheered

Utah, and for several years president of the New him on, calling, "Hurry; you'll make it!"His

York Branch, was selected as president with Elders reply came from the rear steps, after he had caught

Howard S. Bennion and H. H. Haglund as first the handbrace of the car and pulled himself up to

and second counselors, respectively. The New the step."I made it all right,"he called breathYork stake is the 1 1 0th Stake of the Church and lessly triumphant, "and I'm going to hold on!"

is the only one east of Colorado. Others, however, Based upon his understanding of the velocity of

are certain to follow in the not far distant future, the locomotive, his own distance from it and as the period of expansion is undoubtedly on. relationship to it, he was able to make the individual effort necessary to get him aboard. KnowBuilding Zion Today towarding somethingwhich ofit itswascoursemoving,of travelhe knewand thethatplacehe

gUILDING Zion Today"is the theme adopted wouldwantedcarry.to gohim,there,once andhe gotin started.the way the train

in charge committee by the general which has so later a or group Latterday of young A day Leadership whichthe Annual Week program girls will Saint discussing the were and men Church

University, January heldbe at Brigham Young trends. its current and the think you Church "Do

1. the of the to departments All of February28 it its can the grade? make hold young Can on to

that idea. will built courseshort be around The I sincere members?"was asked a seemingly by

problems of the present and some of the possible young man.

solutions will be pointed out by experts of the At once the scene in the railroad yard flashed intermountain region including many of the genbefore me. I related it to the group and added

eral authorities of the Church.

its train out of go close week will The to a pick on Friday with the state coursea queryandof mychangeown."its planDid intheorder up

convention of social workers, although practically passenger who was a little too slow? Did the

all of the other departments will continue Friday train hold on to the man, or did the man have to as well as on the other days. exert every effort to hold on to the train?"

The M. I. A. General Board is lending assistThe Church travels on, its course charted by

ance and suggesting courses which in their opinion the wisdom of the Chief Engineer; its mechanics

will be helpful in carrying on their own program. overseen by those called by Him to do His work.

Other auxiliaries will undoubtedly participate. Passengers may have to hurry to catch up; work

These Leadership Week conventions have bedesperately to get aboard, strive unflaggingly to come splendid clearing houses for ideas. Attendhold on, but, doing so, they are headed toward

ance and participation from a wide area of the a glorious destination. E. T. B

Church population tends to make them important factors the in unifying of membership the Church religious as matters matters not Free to Our Subscribersupon well as upon essentially religious but cultural. NCE more we call attention to the fact that

At the institution the Church maintains a The Improvement Era will furnish an index splendid faculty of trained men and women who to each of its subscribers who wish to bind their ought to be used frequently in building up Zion volume—free. This index will contain an index

today, socially, culturally, and spiritually. These to authors, to articles, to stories, to poems, and to

experts are placed entirely at the service of the departments. It will be alphabetically arranged

people who come in for the short course. Those making all the contents of the past volume immein charge of the program have cast about for matdiately available.

ters which need study and will soon issue their curThe subscriber needs merely to write in, inclosriculum in order that people may see whether there ing three cents for return postage on the index.

will be something of special as well as general inOrders should be sent in early, however, or we terest to them. The committee has always welmay not have enough to go around.

comed suggestions from the Church and auxiliary Please see inside of back cover for reasons why authorities as well as from civic leaders. you should, by all means, bind your volume and

The influence of this Week has been widely felt also for the approximate cost.

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on the SCREEN

Anne of Green Gables (K. K. Charlie Chan in London "imaginative whimsical O.) saves a young: Charlie: An Chan (Fox) staff members of the "Era"HE

girl gallows, and the an orphanage from is adopted accused, falsely from view in man, pictures and evaluate the lives hearts right into distressed walks and devoted but reunites two of all cases. possible When this

sterner his a lovable baffling bachelor old murand solves a and young people cannot be done, the estimates of sister. Excellent for Family. groups of people organized for der mystery. The usual type of

By Your Leave (R.K.O.): The this especial purpose are taken. "Charlie Chan"picture, with a well

sentimental adventures of a bored marThe groups previewing pictures chosen cast, efficient direction and ried couple lead back home. Smoothly, and -.presenting..representative suspense sustained to the end. Beauslowly, humorously told, this feature opinions are: Nat'I Daughters tiful English scenery. Family.

interesting serve signpost as might an the of American Revolution; (UniExciting Adventure One traveling those for in the be may who I: Society Nat'kleptostory England versal) makes New This furrow. Adults. same Gen. Federation habit Women; delightful, unpunished the mania Wom-

: X. (R. O.) Corner Dangerous en's It Clubs; California entertainer. cafe Congress of a "charming"that disaster the novel of treatment A of Parents Teachers; Nat'l and belittles police. recommended. Not intimate occurred might an have had Council Jewish Women; Wom- (Unicontented apparently Secrets of Chateau the of group and en's University Club.

: choppy uneven and versal) friends to facts dig those bare began An up indicate classiaudience They eerie is in laid an that mystery drama halftruths concerning of fundamost fications as follows: Children—and chateau. cast, Photography relationships. French capable mental A years; to up 14 Adolescents—up interest. Matter lighting unusual direction. of Adults. good to years; 18 People—18 -. taste for adults. (Fox) Another Elinor Norton to years; 25 25 of YoungAdults—over story, triangle disappointingly adapted years. (Mascot) advice of these Crimson Romance The comfrom Mary Roberts Rinehart's book. mittees, and the "Era,"is: "SeThe World War, treated from a new

despite and very Slow moving some its effect lect angle, young on two pictures. your and to those Go acting unconvincing an and ungood joins lieutenants, American an fine are one you of who type. know Stay

if film. profitable any. Adults, air America's before forces the those German from that away you know sen- (Para.): Kid Lemon Drop A conflict. are the trashy entrance romance into or objectionable. A Your story timental the portraying reformadeals story, is the runs ticket admission which throughout a definite conrace a track tion tout love of through of friendship the tribution devoted mainly with setting toward stanhis child. Fails wife for prove to and sacriflyers ultimate the the dards of and two production."

Adults. convincing.

Redhead (Mono.): When his ficeyoungof people.one for the other. Adults and

spoiled drinkloving a notorison and for keeper a group of crooks. Her (ChesterFalls Curtain The to blackmail attemptous him, woman

efforts to save a young of member successful the field) once brilliantly: A a sensible clever enters father into and

from the evil of his ways makes actress, impoverished, old and now the gang with the agreement inan girl and the story. to resemblance, her fortunate trades on place takes a reformation end and Case of The the Howling diseccentric a has friend wealthy who enters the into game.Cupid unAn Bros.) (Warner tense, Dog comthe A in her impersonates appeared andconvincing, slowmoving comedy with

plex, fastmoving murder: mystery of of relatives. home The possibilities cast direction. a good Family. and

rather with involved sordid ethics. and inrealized, are the to never story due K. (R. O.-Radio) Divorcee Gay Adults. to consistencies in the telling mediandSuperlatively beautiful characdancing

terizes this brisk, farcical musical comocre acting and direction. Adults and

edy which is furnished with a good young people.

cast and direction. The efforts of a Happiness Ahead (First Nat'l)

young woman to obtain an English A vivid, warm and entertaining treatdivorce from her husband provide ment of the old theme of the young girl frothy amusement. Adults. tired of wealth, who finds her pleasures

Kid Millions (Samuel Goldwynin the commonplace, everyday good

United Artists): Eddy Cantor, as the times and marries the man she loves.

adopted son of a longshoreman, falls Exceptionally good entertainment.

heir to a vast fortune in Egypt and enFamily.

counters many thrilling adventures in Kansas City Princess (Warner obtaining his legacy. Family, if you Bros.): A comedy burlesque dealing

like Cantor. with the low tone, wornout theme of

Student Tour (M. G. M.): gold diggers attempting to live by their

Merely a series of frothy incidents built wits. Plenty of action of a commonaround a student tour, a college crew place type that is generally offensive.

race and a love affair. Trite story, Objectionable story material given to

poor direction and disappointing cast, a talented cast. The poorest of enis dull and uninteresting. tertainment.

365 Nights in Hollywood Little (Mascot) From the Men:(Fox) A noisy musical farce exposes novel Alcott. by Louisa: Charming M.

the "school for movie actors"racket in details of old homes and dress and

Hollywood. Dull, forced humor and is picture manners. sensitively The

tedious slapstick. directed finely and acted by

Among the Missing (Co/am.): cast of small boys. A familythepicturelarge

Martha, to live attemptingAunt but a little sad perhaps for her SYLVIA SYDNEY AND GENE RAYMOND IN certainly, life, inadvertently becomes houseown "BEHOLD junior matinees. WIFE"MY

itself organized thoroughly withsocieties the rule rather the than was Why Choral Music F siders organization. out such an exception, As a result, have always highly been

Why Choral Music? commendable choral music programs rated. The persistent encouragement

have been given on many occasions to of our ward choirs may yet help to do

CPEAKING from the standpoint of the delight of the members of the ward this for our own communities.

is artistic possibilities, there no artistic satisfaction adthe and and

It that be choirs some ward may surof vocal ensembleform which It performers. has the of vancement

could to satisfaction the add find theypasses the that chorusfour-voiced of in evident, that our however, become in their justify better the and work allchoir. Since men's and women's for civilization bids the our modem at time rehearsals, spent launching by alto,voices tenor, (soprano, bass) and multiplied, leisure interests time have

a ambitious program, more inor by it, is infind a the place chorus mixed is singers that real a there that danger so creasing the of carefully preamountthe natural for the combination most particiregular will lured be from away pared choral they music furnish at themusical expression a of community. the choirs. in their pation From ward regular saints. meetings the of the For its largest range, theIt has possiand this participatops the standpoint of

encouragement of the younger membersbilities for balance color are and regrettable, much so condition be not would the it of choirs should be pointed outgreater those a than had by group the if place in sure of that could be we that regular participation in good exclusively either ofmade or sacrificed, up male benefits thus enjoyment and is choral singing excellent an to help singers.female substituted. values cultural other were

all interest themselves in who other reasons, these all is other often this Because of too and unfortunately, But, phases of music, while are those who felt the great case. masters have the of the standpoint ofmost not From already older it should forget not that of this attracted to it formthemselves organization, be the should rememfurnishes the one of cultural most and taken joy expressionmusical active choir have regular and the that bered ward

socially pleasant escapes the deadfrom like it. is, stillin for some, organizathe only For composing been, has and ening ills routine and of our everyday Beetoffer usBach, Handel, Mozart, can in tion Haydn, which our Church

life. all should members And know it of cultural one the valueshoven, particular became Wagner, type of and

is that there certain no to more waytheir favorite extended parserious purposeful media. inherent in and An

learn to enjoy singing good to than is thereliterature choruschoir for the in singing. ticipation choral This

available,fore ranging society from should ward choral the hymn not only be belongeffect ofto thea choralmusic societyupon andourselvesfeel theas chorale the and preserved, wholeheartedlyand however, anthem through but learn to we express our in emotions it is culgloriouscantata in oratorio the to form. the perpetuated, for needed

song. Schumann must well have been listeners singers tural life it and early of our very became In our Church acquainted this fact, with for his to all artistic alike. achievements of each that tradition shoulda The have ward students he to used say: dili- "Sing singing a large of nations choir, where until con-a number no good ward now gently in choirs this for will...

make you musical."

In addition to the aesthetic enjoycontributed ment the music, there by fl Christmas Greeting from Scripture is also the refined contribution the of

Compiled by DONALD A. ERASER poetry that serves as text. Most good

choral music has a text that is worthy of consideration in its own right. Be-

A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance. Prov. 15:3. sides, the spirit of the Gospel is reflected

in appropriately chosen choral works,

Make unto all the people a feast of fat things. Isa. 25:6. whether they be simple hymns or elabEvery man is a friend to him that givcth gifts. Prov. 19:6. orate oratories. In this attractive and

Rich and poor meet together; the Lord is the maker of them all. Prov. 22:2. artistic form many listeners who show

Return every man to his house in peace. 1 Kings 22:17. little taste for the conventional serYe have the poor always with you. Matt. 26:11. mons,message.becomeThereinterestedis no inmorethe Gospel'sefiective

extending way of the reputation our alreadyCharity shall cover a multitude of sins. 1 Peter 4:8. Church has in the field of music,

He that hath pity on the poor, lendeth to the Lord. Prov. 19:17. than by thoroughly exploiting our unReceive ye one another, as Christ also received you. Rom. 15:7. usual opportunities for preparing and

If thine enemy be hungry, give him bread to eat. Prov. 25:21. performing choral music.

Speaking peace to all his seed. Esther 10:3.

The liberal soul shall be made fat. Prov. 1 1:25.

Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands! Ps. 1 00: 1.

A man that hath friends must show himself friendly. Prov. 1 8: 24.

Salute every saint in Christ Jesus. Phil. 4:21. "KUSIC is in all growing things;

And underneath the silky wingsThen were they all of good cheer. Acts 27:36.

On earth peace, good will towards men. Luke 2:14. Of smallest Insect there Is stirred

A pulse of air that must be heard;

Your Father knoweth what things ye have need of. Matt. 6:8. Earth's silence lives, and throbs and

Of the increase of His government and peace there shall be no end. Isa. 9: 7. sings."

Unto us a Child is born; unto us a Son is given! Isa. 9:6.—Lathrop.

December 7, 1934 met and duly considered all the matters "PreliminaryTo Presidents of Stakes set forth in the foregoing recommenda10:00 o'clock.music—preceding

Bishops of Wards and Officers tion, and on November 23. 1934, Beginning of school and notices

in the Priesthood Quorums of these two councils submitted to the 10:00 o'clock.

the Church. First Presidency the following recomSinging.

Greeting: mendation: Prayer.

Thursday, November 1, 1934, the Sacramental Service, including

Council of the Twelve Apostles recom- "November 23, 1934. prelude, Sacrament Gem,

mended to the First Presidency the "President Heber J. Grant postlude and administration

following: and Counselors, of the Sacrament.

Office. President's the adopt "That we School Sunday talks.'onehalf minute Two

Brethren: "Dear as period for the thehour of holding min. 10 Singing 10:30 andpractice—of Council the weeks ago "Several activityweekly meeting, group devotclass School work Sunday

Presidency to the submitted the Twelve that studies toing Gospel time adapted min. to 11:25 45 10:40

to the Priesthood, and such portion of a written recommendation concerning Priesthood Quorum Activity

Priesthood weekly of the holdingthe to the be necessary time as may Meeting 11:25 to School Group the during Sunday meetingsconsideration and assignment of Priest- 3 min. 11:55

hood duties; hour. The Presidency recommended Reassembly for closing exercises

be returned this recommendation this that endeavor to "That we make with—11:55. for consideration to the Twelve thehour uniform throughout Church,

and that we urgently suggest to the the Presiding Bishopric. "During the period of the PriestPresiding Bishopric that the same hour "We now beg leave to report that hood Quorums and Group activity

be adopted for the presentation of Gosthe Twelve and the Presiding Bishopric meetings, the sisters from 12 years of pel studies and the assignment of duties have given careful consideration to the age up are to meet either in one group, to the Aaronic Priesthood. matter and that both councils are united or divided as facilities may warrant,

"In making this recommendation it in support of the recommendation. for suitable instruction for which a

is suggested that we emphasize the fact "The modifications in the Sunday program will be prepared.

that the Bishop of the Ward is the School program which will be necessary "It is reported that this arrangement presiding officer in the Sunday School, for the utilization of a portion of the has proved very successful in several of and that the Priesthood are in no sense Sunday School period for the presenthe Stakes which has given a trial to it.

subordinating themselves to the juristation of Priesthood work have been "No consideration has been given to diction of an auxiliary organization, considered and the following schedule a Fast Day program and no recombut that they are merely utilizing the for the order of business agreed upon: mendations are submitted for a variance

facilities of the Sunday School. in the order of business for those

"It is believed that the adoption of Stakes which now hold Fast Meeting this recommendation will solve many Prayer immediately after Sunday School. It

is this into that suggested go programdifficulties stakes encountered by now Barnes, D. Ph. Douglas C. By effect the at the throughout Church inand wards providing a suitable hour Cal. Beach, Long year. of beginning next thesefor activity Priesthood meetings. greatest the is probably pRAYER submitted, "RespectfullyIt is understood that the General Authat influence for good motivating Clawson, Rudger "(Signed) for the Twelve Melchithorities—the individual. life of the enter an into the the Twelve. Council of Forzedek, Presiding and Bishopric for can

for thanks include should Prayer Sylvester "(Signed) Cannon, Q,the Aaronic prescribe thePriesthood—will request a blessings, and future past and Bishopric."the Presiding For coursethe of study for the group meetsustenance strength health, and the for isings. It also the that understood

First the Presidency day 4th on The happiness. essential to so are School organizationSunday be which may this plan December, of approved 1934, a thoughtful follow should Prayermodified necessary where to promake

it their endorsement. gave hearty desires, and righteous consideration our ofvision for the proper training and the also Council concurred with They to represent some therefore should andproper supervision of those teach who the the for Melchizedek of Twelve, deoperations future degree for a planthe classes. Priesthood

the BishPriesthood, Presiding and goal. closer to our us to bring signed

is "It also that in conrecommended opric, for the that Priesthood, Aaronic an associated with Prayer should be nection the therewith Bishopric, Ward this inaugurated, be plan JanSunday, ask If efi'ort part. our honest we on

the presidencies the quorum and group 6, uary 1935. the laws observe health, for should we

leaders together meet each for Sunday It definitely understood be should sustenance, for If ask health. we of we

a prior few minutes to 10:00. this that does procedure order of new should industrious. Prayer be should

"It is expected of course that the be a motivating influence. not in any way interfere with or change

wives of those holding the Priesthood Marden says, "Our mental attitude, the monthly quorum Priesthood Meetwill participate with them in their our heart's desire, is our perpetual ing, which must also be held, and study of Gospel subjects."prayer which nature answers. She which Is a meeting exclusively for those

The First Presidency suggested that takes it for granted that we desire what holding the Priesthood.

before they passed upon these recomwe are headed toward, and she helps us The Priesthood Quarterly Bulletin mendations that the Twelve Apostles to it."A man will remain a ragwill be published for the guidance of

meet with the Presiding Bishopric and picker as long as he has only the vision the Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums, discuss these changes with them, since of a ragpicker."the first issue, for 1935, will be ready

they involve the study and activities of Plan for the future and let prayer for distribution before the end of the the Aaronic Priesthood. Acting upon keep you on the path leading toward present year (1934).

this suggestion the Council of the that goal. The Council of the Twelve,

Twelve and the Presiding Bishopric By Rudger Clawson, President.

.

Greatest Year in flaronic Priesthood is flim of ThreePoint

Campaign Beginning January 1, 1935 /N January 1, the drive of the 584; Nebo, 8,381; Nevada, 3,401; a. Discuss each case and try and

"Aaronic Priesthood for one milNorth Davis, 8,505; North Sandetermine cause back of the delion assignments filled in a year, will pete. 7,960; North Sevier, 4.324; linquency.

begin as part of a three point campaign, North Weber, 10,113; Ogden, 15,- b. How may a friendly situation

intended to increase activity and im078; Oneida, 6,872; Oquirrh, 8,480; be created whereby each boy

prove the standard of work done in the Palmyra, 8,345; Panguitch, 4,489; may be appealed to.

Aaronic Priesthood class sessions. Parowan, 9,126; Pioneer, 11,963; c. Where causes of delinquency are

The first point in this campaign is Pocatello, 10,636; Portneuf. 5,506; traceable to the absence of

to increase activity by setting the goal Raft River, 2,238; Rigby, 9.456; proper home environments,

at one million assignments. The secRoosevelt, 6,385. confer with the bishopric and

ond phase is aimed at increasing the St. George, 7,656; St. Johns, 3,- secure their cooperation in

missionary work done among the in987; St. Joseph, 9,014; Salt Lake. having parents contacted and

active members of the quorums and the 17,316; San Francisco, 6,981; San their help solicited.

third point is an educational one, aimed Juan, 3,555; San Luis, 3,657; Se- 5. Examine list of boys 12 to 20 for

at clean living. vier, 6,009; Sharon, 5,567; Shelley, those not ordained to the PriestEach stake is requested to apportion 5,886; Snowflake, 5,873; South Dahood. Work out some activity

its quota among wards and to make a vis, 9,048; South Sanpete, 7,168; that will create in them a desire

monthly check from the new report South Sevier, 5,13 7; Star Valley, to receive the Priesthood.

forms for the purpose of encouraging 6,846; Summit and South Summit, 6. Educational and Vocational Dieach ward to make onetwelfth of its combined, 10,616; Taylor, 5,924; rection.

quota each month, thus assuring the Teton, 5,108; Timpanogos, 4,793; a. Acquaint yourselves with the

filling of the quota at the end of the Tintic, 3,231; Tooele. 7.992; Twin educational desires of the boys.

year. Falls, 4,326; Uintah, 7,476; Union, b. Consider with them possible

The Presiding Bishopric lays stress 2,876; Utah, 15,891; Wasatch, 6,- professions, vocations and buson the desirability of having as many 291; Wayne. 3.491; Weber. 12,102; iness training.

members of the quorum as possible Wells, 15,334; West Jordan, 8,819; c. When desired, help them obtain

fill assignments, and urge that these Woodruff, 5,884; Yellowstone, 6,- schooling and vocational trainassignments be made in rotation to all 787; Young, 2,592; Zion Park. ing by being able to advise

members. 2,899; Sacramento, 2,960, and Gridregarding scholarships, free

The quota of assignments to the ley, 2,944. tuitions and kindred opportunstakes are as follows: ities.

Alberta, Alpine, 6,428; 6,601 Suggested Monthly Ward d. Inquiregress beingfrequentlymade inintoschoolproBannock, Lake, 3,872; Bear 6,228

Bear River, 9,076; Beaver, 5,850 Aaronic Priesthood Corrework. Help work out any

Horn,Bensbn, 12,811; Big 5,851 lation Committee Meeting e. Arrangedifficulties.occasionally for teachBlackfoot, Blaine, 9,256; 5.219

Boise, 9,358; Box Elder. 12,918 Program ing of lessons in honesty and

Burley, 6,898; Cache, 9,440; Carclean living. (50% of juvbon, 9,276; Cassia, 2,307; Cotton- (Now Being Followed in Pioneer enile delinquency is result of

wood, 13,540; Curlew, 2,307; DcsStake) some form of dishonesty.)

eret, 6,915; Duchesne, 5,907; East 7. The ThreePoint Campaign for

Jordan, 10,453; Emery, 9,080; En- 1 Perfect monthly record of boys 1935.

sign, 16,372; Franklin, 7,632; Freebetween the ages of 12 and 20. a. Objective—One Million Asmont, 11,008; Garfield, 4,532; 2. Make assignments for visits and signments in the Church.

Granite, 20,644; Grant, 10,646; consider reports of visits mad.e. b. Ward Quotas—1600 assignGunnison, 4,624; Hollywood, 12,- Analyze any failures and determents to each 1000 popula683; Hyrum. 7,956; Idaho, 3,072; mine reason. tion.

Idaho Falls, 12,382; Juab, 5,409; 3. Survey of attendance records for c. Every member of the Aaronic

Juarez, 2,267; Kanab, 4,152; Kolob, previous month. Priesthood, SunPriesthood to perform at least

7.054. day School and M. I. A. Note one assignment during the

Lehi, 5,291; Lethbridge, 4,844; any evidences of decreasing activyear.

Liberty, 24,664; Logan, 10,536; Los ity or attendance and take imme- d. Prepare assignments which

Angeles, 13,945; Lost River, 2,- diate steps to counteract. (Roll may be undertaken by inactive

833; Lyman, 4,176; Malad. 7,584 books of all groups should be and delinquent boys and conMaricopa, 9,316; Millard, 6.019 available, as well as the record sider how they may be preMinidoka, 5,009; Moapa, 5,433 of all boys between 12 and 20.) vailed upon to do them. (DisMontpelier, 6,304; Morgan, 3,619 4. Consideration of Juvenile Court cuss this problem.)

Moroni, 4,206; Mount Ogden, 11 Cases referred to the Ward. e. Check up each month on the

One Million Assignments Every Aaronic PriestAll Leaders to Teach 1, IN 1935. Every Ward to 2, hood Member to fill one 3, Clean Living—-Thoughts DO ITS SHARE. or More Assignments.—Speech—Actions.

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY. 1935

number of assignments perpromptly to stake committees. It is sibilities,"and for Priests "Missionary

formed and compare with the recommended thait stake committees Themes."Distribution is made

total quota. The proper pervisit all wards at the earliest possible through stake clerks to whom all orders

centage should be maintained date and discuss with them the making should be sent. These outlines are

each month. At this point of these reports. This should then be furnished only through the Presiding

consider the monthly Aaronic followed up until every ward is making Bishop's Office.

Priesthood and Correlation regular monthly reports to the stake.

Committee is report which stake then should committee comto The Item, for Quorum be prepared secretary of by the pile the their for use New information own the Aaronic Priesthood Comand for the stake presidency. Consideration

mittee, These new reports combine the f. Refer to the Sunday School and former Aaronic Priesthood reports and A NEW item in the order of business

M. I. A. any assignments to be the Correlation Committee reports. provided for Aaronic Priesthood

followed up by those organizaAll phases of Lesser Priesthood activquorums is suggested by the Presiding tions during month as a part ity are included in the one report. The Bishopric for the coming year. This

of their responsibility in the responsibility for making these reports item includes "Instructions in duties correlation program. rests with the Ward Aaronic Priestand in filling assignments."This fea-

8. The Activity Program. hood committees in the wards and with ture is expected to result in additional

a. Announcement and general adthe stake committees in the stake. stress being given to the responsibility

vertising of any social, athletic Ward and stake clerks should cooperate placed upon each quorum by revelation or other activities for the folin compiling the information. Neither—to teach each quorum member his

lowing month affecting the ward nor stake reports from the new duties. The revelation contained in

boys. Consult schedule of books are to be sent to the Presiding Section 107 of the Doct. and Cov.

Budget events. Bishopric. The only reports now rereads as follows:

b. Check up of scout and vanquired to be sent to the Presiding Bish- "And again, verily I say unto you, the

guard troops. Consider ways opric are those sent by stake clerks each duty of a president over the office of a

and means of perfecting troop quarter. The information required deacon is to preside over twelve deacons, to

organization and registration should be taken from the monthly resit in counsel with them, and to teach them and how to increase memberports by stake clerks to be compiled in their duty—edifying one another as it is

ships. their regular quarterly reports which given according to the covenants."

also the president the of duty "And are sent I. Supt. to Have the Presiding of Bishopric. M. A. and

office the over of teachers the preside is to scout is This report and system vanguard leaders new undoubtre- over twentyfour teachers, to of the and edly the port comprehensive most this. helpmonthly and on in counsel teaching with them, them

ful report yet form provided the sit for c. Encourage attendance of scouts office, the duties of their as in the given

and vanguards at the monthly Aaronic Priesthood, and its use should covenants."

Tuesday night rally in the make possible marked advances in all "Also the duty of the president over the

Gym. Check Gym participaphases of quorum activity. The makpriesthood of Aaron is to preside over

fortyeight priests, sit council in with and ing of the report is one the of imtion and number of boys who teach them, to their duties the them of portant responsibilities the of and ward have memberships.

office, is as given the in covenants."stake committees and should be not necessary, class consider d. When

neglected. programs lesson and work. clear fact This that the makes the

e. of proBook Remembrance first is the of duty presidency quorum Outlines Quorum New gress survey. to teach the duties their members and

Brief Consideration the of 9. A lesson sit outlines to Su- 1\TEW for Priests', in council with them.

Qualifications. pervisor—His Teachers'in item the busiorder Deacons'and The of new quorums

a. topic 15 minute psyboy on ness have been contemplates special distributed attention bePre- through the

chology. (Previously assignsiding ing given Office activity Bishop's the during all to period of stakes where

ed.) each orders to the received. teaching have the been quorum of efSpecial

b. attributes Necessary leaderof duties forts each of were to discussing and member the have made outlines

ship, such as filling the all in published of assignments, Honesty—Moralof which time for ample distribuPatience ity——Kindness—all are in line tion to with the duties quorums in time for the first of the memInterest in Genuine bers. It is boy wellesson believed the of that increased acnew year.

etc. (To tivity better results and in outlines fare—Nonsmoking, for are The ways the many 1935 most be assigned as discussed and will if secured is this be complete issued. yet matter given of the Some

as often will time permit.) special attention in subjects the treated first in quorums. the part the of 10. Impress frequently that discusPresiding Bishopric include The book has again "Introduction and Sugsions this of are strictly committee all that urged gestions to follow regquorums the Supervisors,"Lesson "The confidential reand should not be ular order business of outlined in each Work,""Instructions for Conducting ferred to talked nor outside about lesson is manual. this the Class Exercise,"done Where "Order of Busiof the committee room. be- A quorums progress ness,"the make and "Suggestions work for Conducting

trayal of confidences will seriously is of effieach group in Classes,"completed an Brief of Chronology "A retard the progress the of boys'cient is it manner. neglected, Where Church History,"in "Genealogy the

program. Aaronic Priesthood quorums,""Good many of the important phases of

Story Telling,""High Lights of QuoAaronic Priesthood supervision are

Reports Are Important rum Supervision,"and "Inspirational overlooked.

Thoughts for Supervisors."This in-

"KJEW stake and ward Aaronic Priestformation is in addition to the regular Activity Campaign Gets hood reports should now be in use lessons which provide for meetings each in all wards and stakes. The new week in the year. The outlines sell for Results

forms should have been taken up in 1 Oc each. They should be in the hands PHE 1213 th Ward in Ensign Stake

November covering ward and stake acof all supervisors and all quorum memhas made rapid strides in Aaronic tivities for the month of October. It bers. The subjects are: for Deacons, Priesthood activity as the result of an

is important that this report be used "Training in the Aaronic Priesthood;"activity campaign prepared by Elder

in all wards and that reports be made for Teachers, "The Teacher's ResponClaude Smith, ward chairman. The

Ward Teachers Message, February, 1935

Salvation for the Dead ourselvesthat we redeemwith ourourfathersdead whichand connectare in beenworldaccomplishedthan the turningin the historyof the ofheartsthe iwriLLIONS of spirits are awaiting heaven."President Joseph Smith. of the children to the fathers....

'"'"the privilege of embracing the "High Priests, Seventies and ye Elders If you get it into your heart and soul is important the this most of that one Israel, with prepared are wisdom of you spirit Geneworld. in theGospel

do, Saints can Latterday as things living you officiate for the to and power be done mustalogical temple work and is it. to a find will That do way you go salvation that the dead may and Saint Latterday them.for Every

I all that others, lesson, would of the generations, have rising or to the its time forth of a part devote shouldfamily and means to this important work. you neglected qualifying yourselves in like to impress upon y-ou."President

This is the advice of our Church your holy callings and let the cares of Heber J. Grant.

leaders: the world occupy your entire thoughts Those living near temples should be

"I wish you to understand this suband attention?"President Brigham encouraged to do regular temple work.

ject for it is important, and if you will Young. All should be urged to gather family

receive it this is the spirit of Elijah, "No more wonderful thing has ever records from every available source.

Gathering Genealogical Records

Remarks by Elder John A. Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve

pHE Spirit of Elijah has moved upon ealogy, I knew the names of the two a minute. A leading book collector,

'the people of the earth to a remarkbig bookstores in Stockholm. I went a genealogist, died about a month ago,

able degree. It is an astonishing thing to the one, made my selections, and and we bought his library. Many of

to consider the number of people who, then started across the city to the other his genealogical books are in the back in every civilized country, are devoting bookstore in the hope that I might find room ready to be sent to the bookstore, their strength and time and means to some more suitable books. As I hurbut if you want to buy them you may

the searching out of pedigrees. Thouried along the street filled with people, have them."Thus we secured the

sands of persons have collected geneal- I was stopped suddenly by some voice foundation of Swedish genealogy in ogies of their own families and the which said to me: "Go across the our library. I could relate many such

families of others, and thousands of street and down that narrow side experiences.

these genealogies have been published at street."I looked across the street and The Reward of the Work: I have

a large cost. Very few such genealsaw a little narrow street. I had not the feeling also, my dear brethren and

ogies have sold in numbers sufficient to been in Stockholm before. I thought: sisters, that those who give themselves

pay the cost of printing but men imThis is all nonsense, I have little time with all their might and main to this pelled by some power greater than to spend here. I am not going down work receive help from the other side,

themselves take their savings or go to that street, I have to do my work, and and not merely in gathering genealthe families and ask for money, to I walked on. Almost at once the voice ogies. Whoever seeks to help those on

secure the publication of the geneacame again, as distinctly as any voice the other side receives help in return logical facts they have found. I have ever heard. Then I asked myin all the affairs of life. I can think of

A Spiritual Experience: I know of self: What is your business in this no better preparation for one's labor

no work that I have done in the Church city? Are you not on the Lord's eron the farm, in the office, wherever it

which has been so filled with testirand? And I crossed over; went down may be, than to spend a few hours in

monies of the divinity of this work as the little narrow street, and there, halfthe temple, to partake of its spirit and the little I have done in behalf of the way down, found a little bookstore that to give oneself unselfishly for the benesalvation of our dead. I could tell you I had known nothing about. When fit of those who have gone beyond the

a number of experiences, but the one I asked for books on genealogy the veil. The things of the spirit are the

that impressed me most happened a few lady said; "No, we do not carry great things of life. Things material

years ago when I accompanied Brother books on genealogy. When we get come and go, they vanish, they are

Reed Smoot to Europe. We came to such books we send them to the booktemporal; but things spiritual live andStockholm; he had his work to do; I store"—naming the store for which I endure and never fade, never end. The

decided to see what I could do in the was headed. Then, just as I was leavstrong men in this Church and kingway of finding books on Sweedish gening in disappointment, she said: "Stop dom live the spiritual life.

report, which is based upon the items Date Activity Points rollin the Priesthood Lesser bobk (Name Lesson IQ ) Study Bishopric, Presidingprepared by the ( Address) 1 Lesson Book to Class eachcredits each member quorum week with every activity performed in Pass Sacrament at S. S 20the line of duty. Each member is ANNOUNCEMENTS VERY Attend S. S. Class 20

kept informed as to his record by means IMPORTANT Pass Sacrament at Sac. Mtg 30

Meeting Sacrament Attend 20 all of the announcements on is displayed a bulletin which boardof

Sacrament Meeting THEpriesthood Speak in pages this are 30 month each week. meeting thein The quorum

very important by be read and should Scripture Read, at Sac. Mtg 30 is point compiled report on aweekly as well and girls meeting in any Pray 20 everybody—women folas creditedbasis, the points being as and boys. men

lows: (Continued on page 40)

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY, 1935

assist in developing the time of trouble Priesthood Meeting on Presiding Bishopric AnAaronic spirit. fraternal During Sunday Sunday Morning

nounces Change in Time School. Itemized Detailed In- (8) Brief instructions by members

habits the bishopric supervisor or of on of Ward Priesthood thestructionsVariousRegardingItems ListedEachin theof the virtues; of and member Each

Meetings Order of Business for the opric should prepare for his group bishdefi-

Weekly Aaronic Priesthood nite suggestions and instructions re-

T JNDER date of December 7 the folQuorum Meeting garding personal habits. Church stanbulletin issued lowing was by the etc. dards, brief each message week A of quomembers (1) Bishopric.Presiding Prayer—by actions will stimulate thoughts and

is It very important rotation. in rum lines along help proper and members shall the that of quorum every memberProposed Time and Arrangement to temptations. overcome

to be publicly to and taught pray be Holding For Weekly Ward lesBrief 9 review ( ) of Priesthood appropriately. to taught pray how Priesthood Meetings the lesson for week: should son Each roll audible the of purpose The (2)

After consideration of this important call is to call the attention of every be assigned for home reading at least matter by the Council of the Twelve member of the quorum to those that once. The supervisor, after careful

and the Presiding Bishopric, the recomare absent as well as those that are preparation, should conduct a brief remendation has been made to the First present. The effort should be to get view to develop the important mesPresidency and approved by them that every member who cannot be present sages of the lesson. The limited time

hereafter the weekly ward priesthood to send in an excuse. Those who are makes home reading on the part of

meetings be held on Sunday morning absent should be noted and an effort be members and intensive preparation on during the Sunday School period for made through the membership of the the part of the supervisor doubly necesnot less than onehalf hour from 11:25 quorum to get them to attend the meetsary to insure satisfactory results. Mem-

a. m. to 11:55 a. m. Physical or other ing regularly. bers studying the lesson at home should

conditions in some wards may not per- (3) Consideration of means to get be credited with an assignment filled.

arrangement.mit of this regularly: to attend absent members Authorized Ages For Ordination

is that, after the plan proposed The Effective sending include quorum ways TO Offices in the Aaronic exercisespreliminary sacrament, the and visit abto as missionaries members Priesthood classesthe will regular School Sunday sentees, suspecial Invitations from form and carry out the Sunday School pervisors and members of bishopric, The First Presidency of the Church class work, after which the women and occasional contacts with parents and has authorized the following schedule girls will return to the main assembly appeals to special Interests of members. for ordination to and advancement in

for a special program and members of (4) Reports of various assignments the Priesthood.

the Priesthood will meet in separate performed during previous week: As Three years experience and trainingquorums for onehalf hour as indicated the roll is called each member, in anfor the Deasons—12, 13, 14.

above. swering should give the assignments Two years experience and training It is very important that during that filled during the week; or a special for the Teachers—15 and 16.

half hour for priesthood work the checkup on assignments filled may Two years experience and trainingAaronic Priesthood Quorums and follow the roll call. The important as Priests—17 and 18. Under the

classes shall proceed promptly and thing Is to get an accurate record each new plan Priests are eligible, if worthy, systematically with the order of busiweek of assignments filled by each to be ordained to the office of Elder at ness, so that every phase of that work member. 1 9 years of age.

shall attention. proper be given The variety of Assignments (5) of Special Noteschedule to be carried out proposed in duties to ensuing week: all members for

each separate quorum meeting during Using the rollbook as a guide, assignAaronic Priesthood lesson outlines that half hour is as follows: ments of duties should be made to all were on the press before this plan was

instructions In the Where list rotation. of asapproved. members in The Prayer—by members of quooutlines conflict with given those nowrum( 1in) rotation. in printed the rollbook signments

(2) Audible roll call. should be referred to frequently and as they should be disregarded and these

(3) Consideration of means to get wide a variety of assignments as posInstructions followed.

absent members to attend regularly. sible should be made. All members, >.4

(4) Reports of various assignments if possible, should be induced to fill performed during previous week. assignments. Occasionally it is helpful fldronic Priesthood

(5) Assignments of variety of to have members tell their experiences (Continued from page 39) duties to all members for ensuing week, briefly in filling particular assignments.

in duties Instructions in and In in fillduties Instruction (6) and (6) Assist in Teaching Ward 50filling assignments. the assignments: ing principal of One Assist Usher at any Mtg 10 social Consideration and of officers obligations the (7) of quorum is Prepare etc Meeting House, 10 activitiesfraternal the of quorum. his duties to teach to each and member for Baptized the Dead 50 instructions Brief members by in their fulfillment. encourage (8) him

of the bishopric or supervisor on habits New members, particularly, should be Activity and virtues. given careful instructions in their duties Points

(9) Brief review of Priesthood lesand responsibilities and should be Visit Quorum Member 1 son for the week. taught the best methods of doing the Cut Wood for Widows—20

By proper coordination of the superthings assigned to them. Bring in new member 20

visor with the quorum presidency all (7) Consideration of social and Bring in new res. of Ward 20

of these matters can be given due confraternal activities of the quorum: Revive inactive member 50

sideration during that period, and a Quorum unity and morale may be Attend Scout Meeting 30 very profitable meeting held. promoted by a definite social and fraAttend group activity 10

It is to be understood that for the ternal program. Occasional gatherings Messenger for Bishop 10

monthly teachers report meetings, a by quorums or grades of Priesthood Assist Col. Ward Funds 10

suitable time will be arranged by the should be held. Stake gatherings for Notify member of mtgs. 10

ward bishopric. all Aaronic Priesthood members are Assist M. I. A. Officers 10

Further Details Regarding the helpful. Visiting and assisting sick Keep Word of Wisdom 20

Holding of the Half Hour members and expressing sympathy in Good Behavior at all Mtgs 20

Send ail Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

M. I. A. Y. M. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY.STREETUTAH RUTHY. W.MAYM. I.FOX,A. SMITH, ALRERT GEORGE

RICHARD J. R.BALLARD,LYMAN, General Offices Y. W. M, I. A. LUCYCLARISSAGRANTA. BEESLEYCANNON, MELVIN

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

Executive Secretary SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH ELSIEExecutiveHOGANSecretary

Making the Mutual a Missionary Force

By Margaret Jacques of Charleroi

Translated by Mrs. Jeanette Barker

This article really a speech given by a member of the Church in French was sent in by President Daniel J. Lang of the French

Mission. In order to show the devotion and the fine understanding

of Sister Margaret Jacques the Young Women Executives thought it would be well to run it in the m-agazine. No one can read it without feeling the devotion of this sistery and without realizing that the

Gospel is for all nations.

"LJOW can we make the Mutual Imthe restored gospel. This is in truth money to go to college. She with a

provement Association a mission- a means of propaganda; it is the one group of eight or nine other women

ary force in our Branch? that has been most commonly employed was assigned to cut beans. They were

There is a question to which I wish from the beginning of the Church by paid according to the amount of work to reply by giving a few ideas about the our American missionaries and which done, thus it was quite natural that extent of our obligations as members is now being carried forward more these women, who all had real need of this society. Although it is an orextensively by the local members of of the money, should try to accomganization for the uplift and improvethe missionary society. But there is plish as much as possible. Because of

ment of all, the Mutual Improvement another means of missionary work; if this, because of their anxiety to fill their

Association is principally for the youth carried on with perseverance, its impans as soon as they were empty, beof the Church. In each country, each portance cannot be denied. This is cause of their ill humor when one secommunity, the youth represents the the example, the manner of living in cured the advantage, an atmosphere of

foundation of all hope. We look to the group or the community, is the envy and jealousy was created. The

youth to carry on to completion the influence of individual action indicative young college girl at first followed projects begun by us today. The of a sane and well ordered life. The their example, and for the first few

future of youth will be determined by responsibility of this form of missiondays, had the same spirit which domitheir actions today. ary work rests especially on the Munated the group. But one day, while

for to she and nervously Association her waited tual pan Improvement the organization perfect its In refilled, all ridiculous the she be thought youth understood be by how should signifispecial a attached hasChurch this for hostility will be just only the was them Church. among of we Thus and of youth developmentcance to the

a cents; the sake she that the Improveof to and say few able made Mutual orthis has developmentin of view

is this resolution attitude. the a to change only Association means not ment organauxiliary different theganized

later, she but of in Sometime missionary one Branch our of saw when work beeducationalizations. work This the the in she force near unoccupied, great her a missionary very women to in earliest order in childhoodgins

the asked take really half appreIf to the could beans Church. woman we the for its graduallyprepare members basket. actions her influence ciate astonfrom our the which woman, The

life to of themstruggle make of and it ished, accepted, the acquaintance long people was not of have our and on real and women. men until she live the did thing anthose or same among, with would on we we

The Mutual Improvement Associbe surprised to see how the good and other worker. Thus the first step was

ation can become a great missionary the bad radiate from us. taken. Little by little this influence

force in our Church, but to realize I read recently in an article written spread to the others; her example was

this it is necessary that each individual by an American sister which was pubfollowed and soon became the natural understand and assume the responsilished by the Star (Etoile) of the Misthing for all the group. The effect was

bility which is his as a member of the sion. There was in this article a strikthat the ill natured silence and atmosorganization. ing example of a young girl who really phere of distrust was replaced by

When one thinks of the missionary understood that she had a duty to persmiles and interesting conversation.

work of the Church, the first picture form. It was her responsibility to The example of this young girl was no

which presents itself to many is that change an undesirable condition by doubt simple, but its result was almost of young men going from door to door sheer force of good will and selfdenial. a miracle, considering the changed atdistributing religious tracts and deThis young girl, during the vacation, titude of this little group.

livering to the people the message of worked in a canning factory to earn We as members of the Mutual Im-

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935 provement Association, have a special Sunday Evening Joint c. The Daily Good Turn—Golden

the of preachingmeans Gospel by Scouting—Talk

lives. Associationexemplary be by our Program for February ThreadSelected Scout.of The This talk to

wishes to make us honorable men and THIS is the silver Jubilee Anniversay supported by dramatization or women. It wishes us to be a testimony 'Program celebrating 25 years of good turn project to be particiof the Gospel of Christ. It desires to Scouting in America. pated in by audience.help us get all valuable knowledge; it Suggestions for Boy Scout Sunday d. Talk—Growth of Scouting indesiresdom—inus atowordkeep itthedesiresWordusoftoWislive duringFebruaryNational3 or FebruaryAnniversary10, 1935.either ternationally25 years. and in America in

idealsaccording to the the of Gospel. e. ThreeMinute Talks of Chairmen Scout Vanand Ward

If live these to according we mother's idea of what 1. A are responsible ideals, guard Committee Troop

ourselves, respect if towards andif wc for Scouting should do for preparation this presentation of and others we do our best to live in accordprogram. her boys.

ance with the Gospel, the influence 2. A father's idea of what

which is radiated from us, will be an Scouting should do for his influence for good. Suggestive Program boys,

No matter whether at the office, at 1. Opening Exercises: Appropriate f. Announcement of troop and

the store, at the factory, at the work musical program consisting of songs Silver Jubilee year's program:

shop, in all our relations, such a life and instrumental numbers by the Growth.

cannot help but inspire the respect of Scouts of the troop or troops should Adornment.

all who come in contact with us. No be a definite part of the program. Camping.

one can blame us for the ideals which 2. Flag Ceremony: Make this an unCommunity Service.

we practice and which we can defend, usual ceremony by using special Parents'and Sons'Activities.

but on the contrary, they will feel our music, flood lights, electric fans for g. Dramatization of L. D. S.

sincerity and our strength in our desire making flag move, small flags, Church Activity programs for to do good. It is thus little by little standards, special decorations. its youth,

thethat principle announced features: by Jesus, 3. Program h. Closing Ceremony—Impressivethat good will always triumph over a. Story recommittal of Sir Robert S. S. Baden to Scout oath and

evil, will be exemplified, and other Powell and the birth of Scoutlaw.

souls brought into the Church. ing. i. Singing—Taps,

Benediction. I pray God that He will help each b. Story or dramatization of How j.

of us to understand our duty as memScouting Came to America bers of the Mutual Improvement AsGood Turn of English Scout to Special Note sociation, that we may place the ideals Wm. D, Boyce, an American Suggestions and material for this

of the Gospel above all else. traveling in London. program have been sent to stake officers.

j—Grins That Put giaWe'rehandsstilloutwipingOhoopee,tears Tyas GeorTy, Egocalls andin Virginia.Well Water are postmen's

Jelly, Jay, Dobbins, Tofindthe Wrinkles in Ai,SocialEnigma,Circle andExperiment,Fry. Jinny, matoesBlue and anchorage Aromas

Missouri rates Aud, Huzzah, in California.Our Map

(Continued from age 25) Oyer, Rippee, Cherry Box, ComThe battiest towns of all are > ig( petition, Diggins, Ink, Nail, Zebra found in Oklahoma. In fact. Batand Sleeper. tiest is one of them. Also Bow-

T*HE absurd and almost unbelievShoccolocco, Opp, Rolijohn, legs, Bray, Byng (No offense, Mr.

able nomenclature that puts the Hurricane, Pine Apple, Oaky Streak Crosby! ), Goodnight, Hurrah,

grin wrinkles in our map is, withand Hytop puts a grin in AlaPeek, Long, Short and Slim!

out argument, unparalleled in the bama's placid countenance. Washington startles us with

science of the cartographer. But Chin Lee, Sho Low, Tees To Hoh, Ohop, Lilliwaup, Steptoe,

you "ain't seen nothin'yet!"and Tuweep are not chink laundryPe Ell and Startup.

Take Kentucky, with its Ono, men, but Arizona towns. Which Colorado provokes another

Peevee, Sasser, Ucum, Yaho, reminds us of Die Fow May Quock chuckle with Hoopup, TroubleGoody, Goldburg, Hippo, Kidder, Yow Jing Fum Kook. (San Fransome, Yellow Jacket and SnowJamboree, Mousie, Spider, Nancy, cisco Chinatown United States Post mass; while Florida jolts us with

Viper and Lizzie, to mention a few. Office Branch Station, to you!) Jay Jay and Sonny Boy. New

Or Pennsylvania, with Cuddy, There's Big Foot Prairie, BulMexico has a Nutt and a Pie Town.

Hop Bottom, Moosic, King of pitt, Bippus, Cyclone, Lapel, Golf Indiana does not have the only

Prussia, Bird in Hand, Shy Beaver, and Polo in Illinois. Santa Claus. There's one in IlBroad Top and Pansy. Wouldn't Can you imagine—Embarrass, linois.

these make a Sphinx grin? Wisconsin Pumpkin Center has been the

North Carolina cracks our lip AhGwah-ching (Minnesota) is butt of many a joke, but laugh is a town, inwith Day Book, Art Cloth, OfFen, not a sneeze either! Kansas, Hadthis off—it reallyPee Dee, Gum Neck, Hog Quarter, dam. (Still has, for all we know.) Kentucky.

Red Bug, Scaly, Topnot, Sly and Mississippi struts Aligator, JayAnd now, as every good little

Bughill. ess, Hot Coffee and O. K.; while story has its Alpha and Omega, Don't stop laughing—here's West Virginia gloats over Coco, let's be different and deviate a bit

Arkansas with Evening Shade, Droop, Gad, Sue, Cornstalk, Pie, here by giving this one two Alphas

Hasty, Hog Scald, Jumbo, Blue Spry, Removal. (Idaho and Kentucky), and three

Ball, Greasy Corners, Last Corner, All, Cuckoo, Birdsnest, Pancake, Omegas (Georgia, Kentucky and

Tomato, Oil Trough and Weincr. Bullbeggar, Horsey, Ka, Overall, Ohio.)

from the stake ofiicers right now will maintain a magazine that would conStakes Leading in Total Number put some of these over the top. stantly get better and bigger.

of Subscriptions Nearly three hundred wards arc over more the top. many A great will be Somebody Failed This addition month. The 1. Idaho Falls 617 over by next

2. 528 Maricopa in California stakes and in of the new Family

3. 444 Fremont an interesting has added York New Gentlemen 411 4. Liberty

this year. race to angle the 397 5. Pocatello me the Era for one pLEASE send

St. 6. Joseph 380 November Send me the year.

7. Ensign have been can. if you 378 Wed Like to Pass This On number We 8. 378 Montpelier

representative but for a Mutual waiting 378 said living Lake in 9. Sah lady Idaho 7\ LITTLE feel come. we cannot they have We 348 10. Snowflake "felt because she her so home bad of in our the home without Era be not

library did have not Imtown The children. six Percentage Quota of Each of to that decided she had Eta provement Stake truly. Yours

offer to write the committee pay and 1. Juarez 146 one dollar if the Era would allow that

2. 138 Montpelier rate. liked her sugcommittee The are all numbers the November But 3. 133 Moapa gestion, could nothing but about do him. failed gone. Somebody 4. 126 Maricopa it. effective, so appeal Her was how-

5. 126 Snowflake

ever, decided the that to group make 6. 124 Lyman

dollar person's each Splendid a Stake adding up the by Lehi Has 7. 123 Union

mite. learning of the proposal, Upon Falls 114 8. Twin Record On Fund back she wrote and inclosed her own 9. Falls 113 Idaho

10. Big Horn 108 check for $2.00, stating that she would December 12, 1934.

make the gift herself. So—some Idaho Brother Alma Pettigrew,

boys and girls and men and women will Y. M. M. I. A. General Board.

have access to the Era because one beDear Brother Pettigrew:

As of December 10 lieved fully in it and thought it should j/'INDLY find enclosed a check for be made available. $108.15, which pays our general

of seen number a has monthHE full. in fund

the of standings the In * changes year for us every makes This 100% He Missed the Magazine which stake a Juarez, stakes.various the since and Stake was organized we

did not appear among the first ten last Mesa, Arizona. indeed feel very happy in this success.

lead the to sprung suddenly hasmonth Dear Era: interest appreciate the devoted We place second take Montpeliermaking it's are days over and yACATION in workers our our I. A. have M. Ward has Moapa column; percentagein the like to back coming house an empty it is efforts their for cooperative through and place and third Lyman tojumped neglected I have sending anyou possible. this that record has been made the—for into nosed stakes have HornBig other check for another year. Please I. success, for praying Ever A. M. Zion and Bear Lake forcingpicture send the oblige. November number and I am,

first ten. the of outPark yours, respectfully Very

the top over stakes were Thirteen But couldn't oblige. we That L. Worlton, No- (Signed) W. a number tenth and of vember Decemberon has number been exhausted. Stake Supt. Lehi

fast. Those wish the whoothers up December were coming number

should order early as the supply is stepped out and stake has Idaho Falls limited.

the in its lead largest numberincreased column. Fremont, Liberty, Pocatello The February Number

ahead forged stakes haveand Ensign all unless number, February that they the past month duringrapidly to be so The 'Era'as a Present THEsigns fail, is to be an issue have forced Bear Lake, Mt. Ogden, HRISTMAS may be over, but it is preserved. We cannot mention deHollywood and Moapa out from not too late to present that friend tails just now for fear we shall not

to able good, have but be stakes. make we first ten the or thatamong son away or a from home CCC

fine if they lined things up masome these in changes the of library or a Quite a number subwith Camp home terialize. number, February That

scription to are tofigures month be expected by next Era. The Improvement is Valfact that February the despite

as the Christmas buying of the Era in Neither is it too late for the Era agent entine month, is going to be a boys'some parts has been gratifying. It is to suggest such a gift. The volume number—with a lot of flavoring for

becoming more and more popular as a now begins with the January number, the girls, of course. Then later we

Christmas present. Fremont stake has therefore, this issue is the first of the are going to have a girls'number.

shown the largest growth during the volume. February is Scout anniversary

is betherefore, attempt an month,month. the several With growing Church

it a ing Scout number made to make as a year the this year it has done About fifty per cent of the stakes stakes quality. of excellent

have passed the fifty per cent mark on Era cannot help but grow with it. If To give that February number

their quotas. A number of stakes that all of the wards and stakes would go just the right flavor a reproductionwere very low in the column at the over the top—and of course they could of an original Valentine idea wilt be

close of the season last year show great if the people could be fully convinced run on the cover.

promise. A little push and a bit of pull of the value of the magazine—we could

.

ACHIEVEMENT Requirements in 3. Take active part in demonstraSince there is no intelligent expresthe fields of Reading, Social Contion or dramatization of at sion without study and the end of study

duct and Conversation arc as follows: least six important phases of is expression, it becomes our responsietiquette. bility to provide first an opportunity

A, Individual, 1 Attend M. I. A. at least fifteen B. Ward.1. Give the appreciation course in forfor expression.study and secondWe shouldan opportunityremember

season. current the times during is training coordinate that a education Social Conduct.

in 2. course appreciation the Take spirit that order in of mind, and body 2. or of the Have more mem75% reading. intelligently, oneself express one might this bers in taking course appear 3. of in public with one Appear right joyfully artistically along and six least at demonstration of presentations: following the lines. dancing and drama, Music,

social the of phases of conduct a. Review. Book life, for are themselves poetry of ways suggested chapter headings by b. Reading three poems. of is is life activity. primary need The in the course. play. oneact a of c. Reading seeks doing. the to need be Youth

d. Reading of a threeact play. action, adventure, motion, change.

B. Ward. The Activity Program This longing for expression, this de-

1. Give the appreciation course in T'HIS year's activity program is built sire for experience, this giving vent to

reading. * upon three factors education, one's personality through doing, is the

2. Have 10% or more of the M. I. participation, and recognition. ultimate channel of happiness. Only

A. read at least one book on the Now is the time to check on two through expression do we get the full

regular Reading Course and education. of at of and particifruition these factors—education least in the one recommended pation: courses in the Appreciation Leaders appreciation course.

lecture. avoid too should Apply much Education and ParticipationConversation learnthe truths demonstration through

A. Individual. The Gospel plan of eternal progresed. Particularly should this be so with

1. Attend M. I. A.at least fifteen sion is based on the fundamental idea the youth groups. Every opportunity

times during the current season. of acquiring knowledge, increasing inpossible should be employed for exprestelligence, successfully applying and the appreciation course in 2. Take sesjoint programs,

them. appreciation One's and conversation. night, Friday enjoysion—preliminarysions (stake and ward)

3. Participate in a group or ward ment of anything is more or less deactivity programs, etc. Also, definite

Conversation Party, at which pendent upon an understanding of the occasions such as midyear festivals in conversation games are worked thing itself and the acquiring of suffidrama, dancing, music, speecharts, out and played. cient technique to express oneself etc., should be provided. Some stakes

4. Answer the following questherein with some degree of excellence. have already set up their schedule for

tions: these festivities in the arts.

a. Name objectives and purpose

of conversation. Recognition and standards

b. Name six topics desirable for

conversation. Participation in the cultural courses

c. Explain why the following should carry with it the idea of ex-

D's stand for Don't in concellence In demonstration. Communversations: Dirt, Disease, ity Activity Directors should keep conDebt, Disgrace, Death. stantly In the mind of participants stan-

d. Tell what effect the followdards to be achieved, giving construcing qualities may have on tive and individual criticism as far as

conversation: tact, underpossible after each appearance and enstanding, tolerance, humor, couraging every one to attain the highconsideration, courtesy, est degree of excellence of which he is

broadmindedness. capable.

e. Tell how such spiritual qualIt is to be understood, therefore,

ities as faith, hope, courage, that if and when an individual receives poise, sympathy, intellithe activity award card he receives it gence, friendship, etc., may because he not only has attended the

be developed through conrequired number of times, participated versation. in the study program and made his

B. Ward: public appearance but also that his

1. Give the appreciation course in appearance was a worthy one. The

Conversation. harm resulting from giving honor to

2. Conduct a Conversation Party, an individual whose performance was

with 10% or more of the M. I. careless, slouchy and unprepared may

A. in attendance and particibe greater than the good accruing from

pating. such appearance.

Social Conduct Therefore, we appeal to all Com-

A. Individual. munity Activity Directors to strive to

1. Attend M. I. A. at least 15 get not only a general participation in

times during the current season. THE FIRST SNOW STORM our activities but to bring that par-

2. Take the appreciation course in Photo by Eva Hogan ticipation up to a high degree of exSocial Conduct. cellence.

We are made for joy body and mind—jor active self expression?—King.

Getting More Joy to "Allhaveyoupatienceneed is withan occupationthe details."that hobbies,The bookletsports,containshome overeducation,100 pagesetc.

Out of Life grows with use, develops some faculty and can be had for 25c at the Descret

City, adds, Salt Lake or both, Book Store, and mind, or body Utah. We goes, or of for better comes andTXTORK Adults. it to I taste, skill knowledge. to commend and am heartily

well 'for worse. the hobby, But

I yet a specialist, have not an expert, chosen and growing naturally out of a lot of fun doing things you might your desires, needs, and abilities, goes think only an expert could do. I carve Some Aims of Appreciation

is It forever. joyful a natural andon a turning lathe, make wood, use ship Course on Hobbies

life thingspart of your go when coaches. miniature well, models and They

turn to which somethingand you can 1. innumerthe vision of they are are not expertly but done good To give

the all solace for wholesome when the interests I in tools. pursuance I like used able to use enough. Hobby

world seems against you. them and kept on using, learning by of which one may add to life's interest

"Yesterday belonged to the worker. doing, helped by what I read in books. and joy.

Tomorrow belongs to the wise users The satisfaction I get out of it is be- 2. To give help in finding material,

of leisure."sources and instruction for

the stimulation of members "In Leisure, the civilized in the feeding of their Hobthe of himmost makesman Horses. by Thru: Joyself. in the You well Wish balanced And We take 3. help people To life fruits finest flourish the

their inventory of own S-piritual Insight unselfishof individualism."

interests view with a Hobby his life until he get sense into does not are there "Nevertheless "One in others to their use helping insight."spiritual Fosdick. gets time people who, whenmany

to wellrounded and become as to they use is given them interesting individuals. like, do not know what they Widening Horizons

4. enable all members To to do. notwant do They other things it is wise to cultivate most "Above

to recogthe of community to they be toldwant what Sylvester. the of appreciation."powers

fine encourage nize the and are do, glad they of butmust suggestions as to things they Expressional Activities Hobby interests of others.

might do. They see others "Produce! produce! Were it but the infinites- 5. To give members of

happily busy with some imal fraction of a product."Carlysle. the group an appreciation

hobby or recreation and they and understanding of the art, in contributions valuable if they toowonder would Friendships Guiding literature science made and things,enjoy doing the same perfect his powers in ministry may best "Man to the world by outstanding if so, toand about go how for man."Anon. individuals. started. getting bookThis

let is one approach to that 6. To show that some of

question."the finest contributions may

"A hobby gives us exciting, absorbyond telling. It is to me the most be made in the next decade both in

ing personal pursuits; doing surprising restful thing I know, this change from arts and in the field of Civic Service,

and interesting things—making acmy work to my play."by Hobbyists who carry their interests

curate pictures of the birds of "Many are constituted so that they to a fruitful completeness.

America, creating beautiful books, must feel the usefulness of what they 7. To point out that in this rapidly

collecting unusual, though they may do. Well, any hobby is useful that changing social order a man's vocation

be inexpensive tokens of earlier ages, makes one's life deeper, more worth of today may be his Hobby tomorrow, fathoming the mystery of tools, rewhile, but there are recreations that are and his Hobby of today may be his

at least, discoveringgardens—-recreationsthe immemorial appeal of altruistic, that contribute to the wellmeans of livelihood tomorrow. is being of others, amusement whose merit in 8. aid all to make progress To

social benefit. sometimes that they are not yet standardized popMany disthe art living. of wellproportioned

ular amusement. They reflect on the coveries and inventions have been made

practitioner a touch of individuality, by men following research in an am- 9. To focus attention on the need

originality, uniqueness, that ministers ateur spirit."of engrossing activity to relieve the

to his pride and satisfaction."The foregoing quotations are from cares and strain of adult life, and escape

"A hobby makes you interesting to a new booklet issued by the Leisure the melancholy of too much introother people. Don't worry about the League of America, entitled "Care and spection.

special aptitude or training necessary Feeding of Hobby Horses,"by Earnest 10. To help every member to see

to follow a hobby. Such aptitude is Elmo Calkins. It contains a general that expressive activity and the acmore common than you would think, outline of the subject of leisure time quisition of a wide range of interests

and the training is easily acquired. interests or hobbies, and offers more is a chief means to character and

You train yourself—the training is than 700 suggestions for the use of happiness and influence; that a man's

lists 1,500 carelife is measured by the interests to part of the fun—the only necessity is leisure time. It also

that you like doing it well enough fully selected books on the subject of which he can respond.

START THE NEW YEAR WITH A HOBBY

FIND THE HOBBY WAY TO HAPPINESS—DISCOVERY—GROWTH—PROGRESS—PEACE

fact In this "It organization says: is a brutal another? the home. HeThat Testimony Meeting

the individual is built spots of around program dangerous that one the most pHAT fifth Tuesday in January is almost from the cradle to the grave. on earth is home, sweet home."He

* to be a red letter day in the Senior He is important in the sight of God quotes a survey which discloses that classes throughout the Church, for on and, therefore, the Church seems to say, out of 117,000 accidents studied, so that day they are going to throw oflf he must be educated and strengthened large a percentage occurred in homes restraint and talk frankly to each other and trained in the art of cooperation that the company making the survey about things as they have been, as they as well as in the art of leadership. stated that the "risk from injury at

are, and as they hope, some day, to The Committee hopes that every home is almost seven times as great see them. In other words, they are member of the various classes will go as when riding in busses, taxicabs,

going to have a testimony meeting, if from that January meeting with his boats, airplanes, trains, and other public they carry out the suggestion of the heart burning with eagerness to march conveyances."

defithis year into with forward new General the ofSenior Committee safety representing the gentleman A nite ideas to be done of ought whatBoard. the of department Scouts of AmerBoy

all to better best us to and make how ica stated in the recently that old days are this testimony meeting In we If it the in communities. our do own wifie her parted with husband when the Senior members, thathoping the of Seniors throughout thousands

railroad in the or was working on who sturdy strong, youngyouthful, men set the themselves to should Church industrial plant, other she some would will bear the of Church,and women their task of communities making own

I say, safely."return "John, hope you the the truthfulness of totestimony better in places to which live—intelsafe, Industry the has so been made will say, as that they butGospel, we social, centers lectual, spiritual arid

do more than that. We'd like to hear dedicated to the perfection of the inspeaker declared, that now when the

job, appears his boss worker on the appreciation of the voice theirthem dividual—a new day would dawn for greets "I him by saying, you am glad thesocial economic program, program, Zion.

the physical and mental programs as escaped injury in your home last well as of the spiritual program of the night."

Church. Are You Safe in Your As a part of our safety drive, may

safe places in belief that under It is our the inOwn Home? wewhichnottomakelive? our homes ofspiration and through our leaders

the helpful cooperation of all of our T AST spring the Ladies'Home JourRead "The Perils of Staying at members, the Church has constructed nat published an article by Paul W. Home,"Ladies'Home Journal, March,

a program that is the marvel of the Kearney in which the author points 1934; or an extract from the article

world. Where can there be found such out the dangers which lurk around the in the December Readers'Digest.

Here is a group of important men belonging to an organization such as many stakes or wards could foster. Did their organization

help make them great or was it because they were great that they made such an organization?

How many of out readers, we are wondering, can name the organization and the rraen?

.

\A MEN and Gleaners: Are you "Radio Talks,"by James E. Taltances discourage you in your banquet

using the Manual? The General mage, (Evidences of Book of plans. For some of the most beautiful

Board has expended its best efforts in Mormon) banquets in the Church have been securing the ablest talent available to Division 3—"Search of Truth,"by where wards were miles apart. The

write this year's course of study. Money John A. Widtsoe. very act of surmounting difficulties and

has not been spared in making it as obstacles together has been the secret offine a publication as possible. The Division 4—Have some physician who the success of the affair. Some stakes

in the is well founded it is gettingpurchaser of the Gospel where numbers and Gleaners Manual of M Men subject. this Principles lecture on cositat practically price. are so imposgreat it seems an almost The big

question now is: Are the M Men and Division 5—The Metaphysical Basis sible thing to get M Men and Gleaners

Gleaners of the Church showing their of Ethics, by Milton Bennion, Artogether because of housing. The exappreciation for these efforts by purticle in Era of April, 1930, page ample is given of Granite Stake which

chasing and using this book? 324. has had possibly the greatest number of

The records, at the present time, M Men and Gleaners in the Church.

show that an average of only two With judicious planning they never fail their yearly to make Men and in eachmanuals purchased M Gleaner andM Men glorious a Gleaner of banquet climax classes theof Gleaner and MhaveMenbeen of Banquets getting finding together happiness. andthe Church. only This means that

the M Men supervisors and Gleaner yHE more we get together, together, leaders copies, that have secured and we'll together, the be."Pocatellothis excellent hands not in the work is Stake M Men is this true for and How happierM Menof the members.

ers. of whole purpose and Gleaners The MGleanMen

Maricopa Stake Gleaners have and Gleaner Organization would be adopted as their project for this year: lost if a delightful socialization of the INSTEAD of having the Annual

"A Manual For Every Girl."Would two groups were not made possible. Banquet, our M Men and Gleaners

Mit notMen beanda Gleanergood planclass toin thehaveChurchevery Howwork thanbetterbycanplanningwe climaxfor andthe havingyear's decidedmorningonof a ourBreakfastStake Quarterlyand held itConthe ference. This date being the Anniadopt this same slogan? No class can M Men and Gleaner banquets. You

successfully carry on unless the memsee this world of ours needs laughter; versary of Col. Lindbergh's flight

bers are familiar with the lesson mait needs chuckles; smiles; and grins, across the Ocean, the airplane was used

terial. No class leader, no matter how there is nothing more conducive to for decorations. A beacon light, reable he may be, can accomplish much them than eating together with friends volving from a corner of the banquet

unless the class members have preand associates whom we have learned room of the Bannock Hotel, was very viously studied the lesson. to enjoy and admire. The success of attractive and each table was approEvery home, therefore, wherein there any project depends entirely upon the priately decorated with flowers and

a airplanes. plate small each was At previouslives either planning cooperative the or Gleaners and should M Men

the been program made which had by in arehave working concerned access to one. or have a manual of all who

airGirls the Gleaner was on which its for is the time Now studied, previously Manuals, become colors. in plane painted the I. A. M. stake to Gleaners get well and Menfine reference be books. realization.M should They

in the were the programs names Typed the this committees for under waypreserved in available kept ever and the home. Information found therein event. A stake banquet is an affair in of the committee workers, the program,

will prove invaluable in Missionary which every ward can feel a personal and this thought:

and other Church work in the years to pride. There is enough to be done

come. that every M Man and Gleaner can Faith

it his or a her make banquet. Under us, therefore, Let Maricopa's adopt

stake, see of committee the that the ocean, made Godproject provide, and "A For centralcommittees the are from various wards Separating from man; manEvery Girl in the and Boy Men and ManualM appointed. Decorations, reception, fashioned wings; But manGleaner Departments,"

tickets, tables, food program. and span. to ocean One The

In the use of this year's Manual of the finest means to bring about inter- "What About Religion,"Dr. Lowell stake fellowship when the distances God made Heaven and earth

L. Bennion, the author, urges that as between wards are not too great, is to And the sea between them wide.

much original thinking be done, as have members from various wards act But man with winged faith possible, in answering the questions and on one committee. In the very process Can cross the Great Divide.

problems suggested therein. For adof getting together new acquaintances—Asa H. Willie.

ditional information and supplemenare formulated; ideals and methods of

tary reading different suggests the following: he to the wards are made known fitting to the day program was The

all benefit of If stake. in the wards guests the their of and honor were

"EcclesiasticalDivision History,"your finance 1—does committee nothing visiting authority Elder Samuel By B. H. Roberts; "The Aposmore than sell all the tickets and have Bennion, and the Stake Presidency.O.

tasy,"in affair, the Talmage. before James E. by the money they fifty and and One hundred Men M have their performed well. work Gleaners theDivision attended. Breakfast of was 2—Testimonies divinLetwill us bills"have after no "bad its the ity of the served Leaders; the Church, group at 8:30 and a. m. by

"What It Means To Be A Morbanquet. then attended to the morning session

mon,"by Adam S. Bennion; Do not let the matter of great disof our conference.

.\ f?IS

is it shelter, clothing, that night."stands testimony "Tonight and all home Religion?''''Whal About

selfcause Such announcement an may for; spiritual birth blessings—parents, testispirit consciousness. the of Often that a manual had have we M"EVER if in blessing the not, the then Church,

is established the opening by mony it in place to important was more of accepted having the heard Gosand first prayer, either the or the individual the members of hands talk—given pel; its testiprinciples; knowledge of teacher, assigned a previously or by the is this year. the than There of group

a youthful spirit which it is almost speaker, who will in the course of her mony of its truth and the testimony impossible to get without personally short talk encourage girls to tell their that it was revealed through Joseph reading the words of the author. The spiritual experiences. Smith, and that those who have sucwider the distribution of the manual Or the following may form a basis ceeded him as Presidents of the Church

among the Gleaners of the Church the for discussion that will stimulate testiare Prophets of God; relating personal

greater the interest and benefits to be mony bearing: blessings that have come to you through

derived from this timely study. Real- 1. Discuss nature and need of a the Gospel; special manifestations of

izing this the leaders of Maricopa Stake testimony. God's kindness; answer to prayer; inadopted as their project for this year, 2. Value of testimony bearing. spiration and knowledge; guidance,

comfort, understanding and prompt- 3. Spirit bearing. of testimony Gleaner."for Every "A Manual We

ings of the Spirit of God. Effect 4. of testimony bearing upon stakes. this to all our recommend

notes a person's the Joint In M MenGleaner will suggestions for supplebe found A testimonylife. of the Gospel gives us thoseTherebornearcin othermeetings.testimoniesMany havethan

mentary reading. strength and power to meet calmly and been written and can be preserved.

bravely the vicissitudes of life with a Every Gleaner has in her 'Treasures of deep abiding faith that God will help Truth"book a section for such testiTestimony Night and bless us according to our need. The monies. The following testimony

is of greater the of one laws pXPRESSION is field this He will growth. In more no thebestow—weneed the greaterwill neverthe blessingbe left oftakenthe fromcombinationthe fly leafof Bookof a giftof Morbook

true than in the field of religion. That alone. mon, Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl

which we make into words seems to Testimony bearing consists of many of Great Price, tells the inspiration that make itself into our lives. things, such as: Expression of gratithese volumes of scripture have been

E>o not begin the evening by stating tude for temporal blessings—food, to President Heber J. Grant.

J. v..

j ayicU &ijiu'- */*(X.<-<- <!r*f //

/'fifP*

f>'H

Ctt

4 y->c...nJ;

.

1 a or absent been tardy of knocking one have not they have nasty wayVanball Finals Date officer's prayer meeting, piece into or driving or from Mutual a broken down

Changed the face. (Keeper cords to hold the meeting in three years. I have missed

meeting. but the one Union end string when of the bow arising in several upper meet conditionsT"

if were boys the the only class in our are dangerous unstrung The bow is the date for the Vanguard 'councils to the withfund pay Mutual Mutual breaks.) bow have allchurch championshipsvanball

help, turning out outside that checks should 10. in 100% show Bows last in Januto the changed weekbeen after fifteen the opening. days They silk twist or other with be wound atary. will held Logan, be They also Ball sold Green and Gold for to distance 100% strong a short thread will dates anexact beUtah. The tickets. breaks. the save avoid and bow final as arrangements as soonnounced

arc completed by the Logan ofiicials.

Emigration Ward Vanguards Maricopa Stake Plans

Safety First in Archery Excel in Priesthood Activity Aggressive Vanguard

A leadersFEW monthswere wanderingago, fourdownScouta as Well as in Sports Program wooded road. Two were practicing T FADING the stake in Aaronic IARICOPA STAKE, in southern

with their bows at stumps and mounds Priesthood activity, engaging in Arizona, has recently planned an of dirt, while the other two were watchward teaching 100%, observing the active, aggressive program for Vaning the sport and walking about. Word of Wisdom, every member enguards. Following a scries of conferSuddenly one of the archer's shots, rolled in Sunday School and the leading ences, in which all who are concerned

though aimed to the right of the men class in M. L A. activities are some of with the leadership of boys particiwho were now walking off, struck a the achievements of the Emigration pated, plans were adopted to conduct

maple tree a terrific blow, then glanced Ward, Liberty Stake, Vanguards, in Vanguard programs throughout the off at a sharp angle with seemingly addition to winning the Churchwide stake. A special Vanguard Leaders'

increasing speed, directly toward the championship in vanball. In a report training course was conducted in Notwo men. A shout of "drop!"startled of the activities of the group, requested vember by Scout Executive George F.

those in danger, but before they could by the Eta, A. L. (Roy) Johnson, Miller and Field Executive Edward

obey, the arrow had passed between Vanguard leader, includes the followSaxon, of the Roosevelt Council.

them and buried itself to the feathers ing: Considerable enthusiasm has been manin the butt of a rotten birch! "Our Vanguard Club is completely ifest among leaders with every indicaScout Executive Berry of Rutland, organized with a President, VicePresi- tion that in future Church finals in

Vermont, has developed the following dent, Secretary, Treasurer, Athletic Vanguard activities Maricopa will be code of safety for archers, which may Mgr. and Team Captain. very much in evidence. Archery and

well be taken for a working basis: "Our meetings are carried on in a vanball arc to be stressed in the activity

1. Shooting field laid out, and if dignified and businesslike manner with program.

all officers busiclass until conducting greatest off in possible shape with fan in joint a Early October Vanguardis ness transacted, the time when are placed. targets at width end where fathers sons'is Scout outing and and was lesson for to turned work. over me targets targets 2. haybale or Straw held. that program one was The class and meetings opened Our gothe prevent thick to arrows enough interest special of to be northern would closed prayer. to aim have with Weare still a or, better ing high through; like to boys. take you would How a a meeting once month. testimony

dirt. of screened butt reptile a desert the hike into Arizona is It fine testimonies surprising what target covered 3. stands of Legs at eight night? at o'clock That was I these consider bear. meetthe boys prevent loose to with bagging or paper events the part program. of The I best. ings of our recommend some ricochetting. interest as to scheduled were such and this leaders. idea to other break To 4. to permitted shoot archer No in effective instruct very manner. a I dein the have brought monotony

in six "end."arrows than an more (6) tectives, professional aviators, other and

the 5. leave to permitted one No interestthe given have boys men who until target to approach shooting mark

talks. ing "Pals of the Trail Arrowhead their all discharging finished have social sort once of some plan "We

arrows. the on Range"Tune: a the part- "Home for and Vanguards month

6. that shot be to arrows No have ners. that season the vanball Now dale, o'er at right angles) hill and feather (apt to turn no is Q'ER story, are retold taking over we up

7. trail. or huntingother leads broadhead "Where'er the No music, gleaning for material our and

point arrows to be permitted in camp individual scrapbooks. We are ready to serve at the call;

or on courts. "Since organizing three years ago, As Vanguards of old

8. Flight shooting course to be carewe have had 90% of the boys in the To advancement we hold.

fully laid out to avoid trees, bushes, or ward enrolled in our class. Our averWe're pals of the Arrowhead trail.

"blinds"behind which someone might age attendance has been over 85% of be standing. the total enrollment of the Sunday Chorus 9. Make sure that all new bows School. In Aaronic Priesthood activiOh Vanguards!—the hope

have been tested for length of the arrow ty the teacher's quorum of Emigration Of our country, our church and outthey are to use. Bows break most freWard leads Liberty Stake. Members home,

quently, when overdrawn or snapped of the troop have won distinction in Where duty may call from a few draws without an arrow high school, operas, oratorical contests, In line quickly fall on the string. When they do break, etc. Oh pals of the Arrowhead Trail.

.

Joyous Youth growship isin thethe groundglorifiedof desireservice.to Frienddo for darkenedsparkler). andTheeach herald,girl helddresseda lightedin

"Joy in School Life"serveanother.those Toaroundhaveyou.friendsBotheryou tomustdo costume,(Stake President)introduced; Magicthe WandFairy Queen(Gencome; of memories a world (Stake Board); Princess the extraWHAT think of Fairies year Juniors); we when to us our you. To littleserve thingsis to grownot expectedand friendsof Nymphseral Board)(1st

school days. We who have passed the come during the process. It is like the (2nd year Juniors); Goddesses

time when we go regularly to the give out the feeling (Mothers); Brownies (Ward Officers)school room may call to our minds the boomerang—youof helpfulness and cheer and sure as the Each ward's story was carried out

happy hours spent, not alone in mastersun shines, that same amount of friendin their table decoration and program ing the rules of reading, writing and liness comes back to you. If ever you number. The original toasts were of

arithmetic, but in the beautiful friendfeel alone, neglected and crosswise with such nature and arranged in order to ships we have made, which will remain home and pals, look into your very make a fairy story about the Junior steadfast throughout our lives and hereself. Get busy right then doing some Girls and their good friends of Nebo

after. Our Junior Girls are having act of kindness. Any good you can Stake.

many delightful experiences in their say, any friendly act you can do is Remember the Junior Festival is for school life. Why not have them write worth all the time and bother it may all of the Junior Girls. Make your

these events into their books, "My take. You see, it takes loving service arrangements with this thought in

Story, Lest I Forget."Perhaps they to make friends and more loving servmind. Read paragraph on page 107

have had teachers who have asserted ice to keep them. of "Joyous Youth."The theme of

such an influence for good over them Discuss with your group the followthe Junior Manual for this year adapts that their whole life pattern has been ing statements made by famous people: itself very well to the Junior Festival.

changed. "Never do a wrong thing to make a Whatever type of entertainment you

There was a teacher, in years gone friend or keep one."Robert E, Lee. plan make it joyous, in the true sense.

by, in one of the Salt Lake City "When love and kindness cease all enof boys life."a Cicero. group of is taken out had joymentSchools, who Junior Festival of Los

years. She for world the is that "Friendship care which two byunder her

became so entrenched in their affections is most blessed and receives most good."Angeles Stake 1934

togathered they died Taylor. shethat when FesStake Angeles Junior Los pHE quarters and dimes nickels, theirgether tival will be a that function was a build monuto able they wereuntil well remembered. Festival Junior day this until grave, and her overment parthe a of chose nine Each wards their this spot bow visit andthey be festivals season will for soon yHE ticular their as the theme, country and

reverence. Without in humble heads this here so beginning with and tables, costumes, food programs and men, grown boys, these nowexception issue are ideas that submitting have we in exact were keeping that with counprominence of places to attainedhave successfully used been out worked and try. best Prizes the for were awarded in communities the in distinctionand stakes. the following of by some The tables. rememcannot live. They theywhich Stake: to sent us was by Nebo typifying Gardens Ward, Home or geography history, the ofber much beautiful Fairyland: most Nebo first place. China, table A Their won they but them, taught shearithmetic in spirit fantastic developed and was center a piece miniature Chinese was to inspired them she that rememberdo entire Festival""Fairyland our and our their temple dishes of Chinese and were and kind to loyal, be be to manly,be hall sphere. into a turned mystical was design. girls All the Chinese wore country of love theunselfish; and lighted in the was "The Moon"Man costume they makeup, served and and

hearts their was instilled into shewhich hall. in center the the and of hung sticks. suey with chop chop "Poor this to patriotism their that greatso red green, Floodlights fanof and and Butterfly"girls in the chorus sung by

all served have they high, and runsday tastic trees the decoraprovided unique completed their very splendid demonor another in onetheir country way a tions. stage arranged with was The stration.

arisen. has necessity thewhen effigy, in children king queen and and off carried second honAdams Ward valuare experiences school These in dressed sat brownie costumes huge on Inors, being their American theme will be of them theable memory and hall bright colored toadstools. The a very dians. President Muir made

girls in the to great joya of source veritable a fairyland each was where his feathered in headChief, striking recorded are and if theyyears to come its at sat table, which, through ward skin, beside deer Mrs. piece Muir and

preserved. centerpieces, cards place costumes, and like also a of headgear make. wore who '

"Joy in Friendship"pictured fairy tale or nursery rhyme. Dr. James L. Woodruff vividly porThe following stories were represented: trayed a very wise medicine man who

The Quest Alice in Wonderland, Puss in Boots, proved to be rather noisy at times with

Crossing the upland of time. Woman in the Shoe, Queen of Hearts, his "tom tom"and war whoops. The

Skirting the borders of night, Little Jack Horner, Cinderella; and toasts given by Dr. Woodruff were

Scaling the face of the peak of dreams, the stake board table was decorated to very fitting, and being in verse form represent fairyland general. in special deserve written by himself, and the region enter of light.We

fantastical, airy dein Programs the girls with mention. Indian songs by eager intent hastening on withThen

\rrive at the rainbow's end. signs of fairies and elves, nymphs and chorus fit perfectly into the theme.

gave at each plate and were placed chosen Manchester having Ward, gold imps, of the potAnd there—uncover Fairy the following order numbers: of carried as their theme, Holland friend. of aBuried deep in the heart music—string quartet; Dance of the third place. The table gave the impresaway

The seed of friendship begins to Nymphs; Junior Song (the room was (Continued on page 52)

escape mechis an adolescentThe Boyy His Nature extreme, willingness not to anism showing and His Needs The February Era reality. face

the Scouters and of CCOUTS 9. to live to regress Tendency and T. Farnswotth. By Philo to enjoy are going Church the in imindicative of past is also "The February number of IndicatorsNo. VI development. all the mature if Era"of Improvementthe

Needed Adjustment ships we have put to sea come 10. Tendency to seclude oneself

certain tendencies that social shows may in to time. That us number back sixth Editor's the This is Note: development. hinder of is to the boy emphasize going

articles. scriesa of with the Church program of

1 is 1. suggestibility another Over Scouting special emphasis upon is for procedure acknowledged anTT indicator adjustment of needed showwork. includes Vanguard which

practitioner trained medicine the of to ability ing and immature judgment sesjoint evening Sunday The to observe systematically and record sion for February has been weigh consequences before action.

mentally or otherwise any and all eviturned over to the Scouts and 12. Feeling of inferiority with acts

dences about the patient that depart Vanguards. It is to be hoped that tend to assume an apologetic atfrom normal physical health. This that a carefully prepared protitude may indicate deeper stresses of

systematic observation of symptoms gram tvill be presented in every inadequacy.

the in such in a Church ward leads to the formulation evidencesand inBoastfulness, bullying, sex undue to "sell"to Scouting as manner a of condior diagnosisof judgment terests, acts lying of stealing, and many as well the mothers fathers and listing tions. a careful follows There are indicative others adjustof needed themselves. as the boys

of causal factors with a plan of remement. These reactions do not just

dial treatment designed to return the happen. There are causal factors back

health. state apatient to of normal social as the antisocial of the as well guidthe thoughtful under taught be years and of developmentThrough reactions people. of the both While

is rather himself adult ance of an who is this standard theemphasis method reactions causal factors are and exceedadjusted. well skillthe of procedureand knowledged is ingly it interlocking complex and list the departure extreme from Any doctor.ed possible to obtain data objective much characteristics detailed as conducive of similar trained a psyIn the manner assist to in interpreting reone these reresult in adjustment of normal may the chiatrist psychologist observes and actions in and planning remedial proevidences or actions which become well of as as reactionsovert hidden cedures.

or personmaladjustment of symptoms reveal nature. reactions Thesehuman the future In plan boy when we defects. indicators of ality These inthe indices to trained or observer

let the us individualize work upon recognized adjustment must be needed dicators of or malemotional mental nature boy's needs proceed and and if to leaders expect they of boys by display oradjustment. hatred of A to obtain objective evidence true conof greatest possible the contribution make fear seclusiveness reactions in of the or

ditions that dealin wise be our we may the to welfare of boyhood. situations individuals to normal become ings boys. with reactions observable following The defects. personality of Thesesymptoms

evidences are as objective as temperaare indicators of needed adjustment and ture, high blood pressure or perhaps are symptoms of deeper strains and difBibliography unconsciousness in observing physical ficulties which depart from normal 1. Campbell, C. M.: "Problems

personality: wellbalanced a in patient. maladies Personality,"of York, Harcourt New

1. are of Attitudes hate envy and Brace and Co., 1925. to the untrained obwhich An act inoften copied older people from and

server interpreted as "plain be may 2. Morgan: "Psychology of Abdicate a departure normal. from They

a "deviltry"cussedness"takes of on People."normal felt a arise older slight from from may different the aspect in observed when 3. B.: Symonds, "Diagnosing M. people.

light of personality defects. 2. Attitudes of cruelty show lack of Personality and Conduct,"New York,

Some of the factors which influence social adjustment to the value of life The Century Co., 1932.

personality dedevelopment have been persist to and a point extreme of may 4. Thorn, D. A.: "Normal Youth

tailed in the preceding chapter.* It sadism. Its and Everyday Problems,"New

the intention to present of some is now 3. fear Attitudes of to tend indicate York, D. Appleton and Co., 1932.

the indicators of needed adjustment to basic conditioning that is detrimental assist those interested in boy welfare in to normal growth. <> cKstunderstanding the reactions of some 4. Attitudes of suspicion indicate

l)oys. certain basic social confidences that are "\A7'E come in our trust unto God, and

As has been stated the well adjusted immature. the moment we so embrace Him,

person will possess, generally speaking, 5. Tendency toward introversion is by committing our total being and

a healthy body, normally acute sense indicative of lack of social attitudes. eternity to Him, we find everything is

organs, balanced perception, a good 6. Tendency to exaggerate one's transformed. There is life in us from

memory, sound judgment, rational asillness is an escape reaction designed to God; a kind of Christconsciousness is

sociations, emotional balance and arouse sympathetic attention. opened in us, testifying with the Aposto 7. Tendency for blame others It control. possible motor is hardly tle,—Christ liveth in me.- Horace

difficulties is escape another reBushnell. that the possess these one's all of boy will

factors at all times during adolescent action showing lack of mature chardevelopment. The boy is cducable to acteristics. *See The Improvement Era for Dccemtnany of the above factors and must 8. Tendency to daydream, when ber.

Thoughts for BeeKeepers thisversary.is theThinktwentiethof whatBeeHiveyou wouldAnnifieldsmerousof Domesticcells wereArtalsoandgivenHome.inToysthe

A Happy New Year like to do to celebrate this event. The were fashioned, also household helps

will suggessisters, have Committee fathers brothers, and for made gifts give unto of giver you BeeHive the"KAAY later issues tions the in of Eta. BeeHive the three What hundred mothers by and that is good which'That

to going your do? Stake. and in the are you Swarm BeeKeepers Girls and is true which

will the that foremost be also hope booth. a refreshment had We do. We to courage the will to help andThe

desire this year of of outpriced and one previously to make had ward Each the sing day whole can thatA heart real in standing Beeaccomplishments the listed protheir that contributions, through give us work. Write Hive your and the respecto ceeds returned be could skies or blue. be gray theWhether

this of for prices department news swarms. tive wards and The these to BeeHive give Gifts of the GiverMay in section for cents, our and the Era to twentyfive ranged The from one you.

Deseret News. The Lyman Stake has with a few more expensive articles.

BeeHive Health Code a fine little stake paper called "The Each ward was responsible for one "Plain food for the stomach. Buzz."Each Swarm in the stake conbooth and at the close of the program,

Vigorous exercise for the muscles, tributes its news of activities of the checked with other wards.

Pure air for the lungs, Swarm, also original poems, songs, etc. An interesting program was given

Sound sleep for the nerves, The paper also carries an Honor Roll by the BeeHive Girls, each ward conGood cheer for the liver. of all girls in the stake who have attributing one number. An admission

Great thoughts for the head. tended Mutual during the month withcharge of ten cents was made to this

Holy aspirations for the heart, out being absent. Each girl in the program and each individual was given

Kind deeds for neighbors, and stake contributes two pennies each a ticket on the sunflower quilt, conPure love for God, month to finance "The Buzz."All tributed by the Stake BeeHive ComThese things make life worth living. material is sent to the stake BeeKeeper, mittee. This quilt was given away at

And Heaven sure of winning."who arranges and mimeographs it. the close of the program. During the

BuSIfESS From the Field eveninghome madetwo candy.girls from each ward sold

availare BeeKeepers'books now dollars seventyfive Approximately Stake Wells all, price 60c. Will forable you The in taken were the evening, during which BeeHive Buzz all adjustments necessarykindly make will for be used books, honey hand project the BeeHive a summer possible. as AS as quicklyin Guide work seals combs, day expenses. and swarm

We would like all Swarms to be workGirls of Wells Stake made preparThe Stake Board Committee felt that ing in unison. We heartily congratuation for their BeeHive Buzz, which the event was a great success.

late you upon the past accomplishconsisted of a program and bazaar held ments, and appreciate the fact that it Nov. 24 in the Wells Stake House. CanH and Will

field cells filled in the were Manyhas not been easy without your hand little men stood looking at a TWO doors, plants of were and out ofbooks. hill;

We wish to remind you again that grown from slips and seed. NuOne was named Can't and one was

named Will.

Can't said, "I never in the world can climb this hill."

So there he is, at the bottom of it still.

Will said. "I'll get to the top, because

I will."And there he is now at the top of the

Two hill.little men are living by the hill;

At the bottom is Can't, at the top is

Will.... < unior Girls (Continued from page 50) >''4 sion of a sunny spot in the land of wooden shoes, churns, and tulips—and

clean blue and white windmills, as one of them stood boldly in the center of a patch of tulips forming a colorful centerpiece. Brown mugs and jugs completed the service, and the girls looked

sweet in typical blue and white dutch costume. One of their number did a

clog dance in a pair of wooden shoes to the rhythm of a tune hummed by her

A CLEVER ROAD SHOW ACT. "THE CLOCK SHOP,"PRESENTED BY THE SECOND WARD, sister Juniors, for their contribution to

LIBERTY STAKE the program.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY. 1935 53

Cross Country Papa.afraid forHe'syoujumpingin thistoowind.hard. AndHe your"Butleg,"Aypersistednot thinkLars.you "Thatbraak

(Continued from page 11) simply won't let you beat him!"was accident. Ay figure—."

Nelson kept his grin, but he said. "Save your sympathy until next

"Get ready to cry, for the time is at season. You'll need all you have."

"Yas! But it is not lak it used hand. It's always sad to see an old "We've got to leave,"Hildeto be, by golly! They gat hills champion go down. But I'm garde was saying, "We've only an

bigger every year, you bat, and if Youth and this is my day."hour to catch the bus for the

there is no hill they make a scaffold! "You're stuck up and fresh beTruckee meet. Doctor wouldn't

When Ay start yumpin'years ago sides!"let us in until now."

they think it impossible to yump Nelson turned into the hot room, "Wait,"Lars said. He was pulltwo hundred feet. And now you laughing. Lars was rubbing his ing his cap between his big hands,

got to go batter than that to gat in."ankle again, sitting on the sandbox shifting the lank body which neverthe money. And one bad fall—by the stove. Nelson set his skis could seem to fit into street clothes.

"Aw, what does it matter about in the corner and smiled sweetly. Finally, "Tad, I been thinking,"

us? wants injury you and The mob quit—claim."

are "Yass! Otherwise you'll Hildegarde. You thrills."young—and or"You'dsomething.better he muttered. She—"About

you look at Hildegarde and think get beat, and bad,""Cut it,"Nelson advised. "Just

you bate Lars!""Shat up your mouth, you batbecause I crack a pin is no reason

"You're having pipe dreams."ter!"to get soft hearted. We understand

The reporter stuck his head in one another."

I-.T soon developed that and called Nelson outside. "Ted! you can't talk about me

the mob was to get the thrills it "Going great, Ted! Great like that!"the girl snapped. "I'm

came after. The meet settled down stuff! Old Lars ain't been licked not a prize in a package of popto a reckless duel between the old for years and this is big! How corn, I won't be won by a skimaster, Lars "King"Kristiansen, should I quote you? Here, listen: jump!"

and young Ted Nelson. Lars had 'Lars is a great jumper,'young Nel- "We batter go,"advised Lars

perfect form and years of experison admitted generously after vanKristiansen.ence. But forty years of age are a quishing—'."

Tripe!""Ring in a sport handicapheavy demandup was NELSON Ted "I got agilitying very the of utmost and another—."off! the back middle of March, and by still there's "Listen, one jump. resiliency arubber of And service at in his the job summer I win."back Gome his eyeNelson had on later—if man.glory—and station Hildeafterwards, soon final the veteran the jump Onthe applecheeked Hilda. a father her returned garde and twentyeight. hundred went two profesthe joined Ted When later, occaher saw month Ted will bate him. hundred "Twosional previyears ski ranks two the sionally during summer. Then advised Gunnerud, Tad,""Youously, kid, called told a Lars him first fall heavy the snows came, and it are easy."ahead. Taak to Hildegarde keep fromhim away Krisfollowed. of winter Lars grinned. youngster "Watch The ituntil a he man, man. was A tour- a for tiansen packing was up this one!"developed, could someone was who in Vancouver. nament as startski right dragged he The pair a hickory ofhandle skis—-who coming. Tad?""You ed, straightened, but he swooped at beat the old mastercould his own shrugged, pin Nelson "The a takeoff the to and made down sixteen thengame. Hilda and was

still Stick green. a little around spring. landtremendous Then, rivalry eighteen. dejustTed The

little a this winter. here do Might ing, a ski his twisted. braced He his jealouslyveloped, keeping Lars

supremacy, regarding the younger arms to protect his head, then he crosscountry work to keep my man with that instinctive dislike of was rolling blindly, the world a hand In."

fathers for the suitors of their crazy mass of twisting snow, the He devoured the sports pages.

skis flinging fortyone, long lever of his was still him Old Lars, nowdaughters. Ted pushed the And

... helplessly over. Kristiansen. over and the mighty ArKing the limit.old master to

On the first jump after the trial rowhead, Big Pines, Ecker, Mount to leap Kristiansen hurtled two hunxHEY came to see him Shasta, Truckee—magic names

dred three feet. Nelson topped it in the hospital. Hildegarde had a Ted Nelson. Lars entered the two

with two twentyseven. Lars flung new brown ensemble which made main meets at Maple Canyon, the

himself far enough to surpass that her blonde freshness dazzling. local hill. Nelson went with the

by nineteen feet, but the effort of "I could go for you,"Nelson squad of crosscountry men who jumping combined with the wind admitted. He pointed at the arscrambled over miles of broken

caused him to touch one hand, losrangement of weights and pulleys country and arrived at the ski hill ing fifteen points. Nelson followed over the bed, "But this is a big amid a few scattered cheers just bein a mighty stride of two hundred cramp in my romantic style."fore the jumping started.

fiftytwo. "Ay sorry,"Lars Kristiansen The troupe went east and HildeThe announcer was beside himgrunted. "By golly. Ay did not garde sent a letter In January. "We

self. "You're seeing a match, folks! want for you to braak your leg, are all waiting,"she wrote, "until

preliminaries the you're out of and out Tad. seeing a match!You're Watch Ay did not think—,"

in again the big time."the next record in grinned for a world's "Gwan,"the young Ijack

jump, folks!"man from the bed. "You're tickled Nelson read that sentence

"Ted, don't be so reckless!"to death. Had you beat hollow through twice, then crumpled the

Hildegarde advised anxiously, I'm 'fore I took that spill."letter.

54, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY. 1935

She returned with her father in ateur takeoff, and stopped with a ry Creek, follow the stream south the spring. Ted had been probeautifully executed turn. through Suicide Gorge, then cut

moted to a traveHng job and did "Well, I'll have fun then, anyback northwest to the finish. Red

not see much of her during the way... Track!"She leaped flags blaze the trail at two mile insummer. Winter came early, and around, landing crouched, with tervals."

on the first of November the disskis parallel, and sped down the "How about jumpin'Suicide trict manager for the oil company, slope and off the amateur takeoff. Gorge?"asked one of the skimen

Jenness, called Nelson into the ofShe soared into the air, disappeared slyly.

fice. below the brow of the hill, reapThe official smiled. "Sure; if

"I knew you'd want to be getpeared on the level far below and you hate your neck."

ting off, so I've fixed it for you. her skis threw up a spray as she "Troget Nordquist, he yumped

And you start in the spring where stopped. it,"rumbled Lars.

you leave off today. All the boys "Track's clear!""Sure, the first time. And the

are pulling for you in the big meets Nelson descended in the crossnext year I helped pick him off the this winter."country manner, zigzagging down rocks below. The officials of this

Jenness was smiling, but as he the slope until under the takeoff, contest advise strongly against it."

looked at Nelson his face became then making a smooth glide. His "Ay wass yust wondering,"

sober. face was white except for two brilLars said softly, and he turned to

"What's the matter, Ted? You liant pink splashes at the cheekNelson. "But Ay guess Ay lost

don't want an office job all winter, bones. my nerve. Sprained my ankle and

"Let's go home,"the girl said. laak that when they sprain theirit—."do you? Of course, if you want "Don't feel like jumping today."Ay lost my nerve. Yumpers get maybe bust a leg; eh, I "No. was just The ripeapple color was out of her ankle—or thinking—no; cheeks. Tad?"thanks lot."a

During the next two weeks NelNeither spoke until the car was Nelson stared straight ahead, face son went every day into the canout of the canyon, then Nelson white. The starting gun sounded.

pace, racers set said: a killing of the know, how Fouryons with his the second skis. On

fairly five people "Funny—youchange. I used others to think following withSaturday Hildegarde went with

him up Maple Canyon. It was a there was nothing in the world like fast. Lars was soon in the rear,

older behind. a skilength with Nelsonclear day, cold and sparkling.

I ideas. the five miles they passed Atscore of hardworking A—youski jumping.know—differentBut you grow enthusiasts

from the local club were grooming might go in for a little crosscoun- middle party. Another four and

this for fun, the they were through working workthe hill, getting the first snows try the I'll rolling Afterwinter—justthis season heels of country you on the know. in apacked solid base. Ted parked

leaders. Kristiansen let thethe car by the clubhouse. He and stick to my job. You know, a two

Hildegarde went on skis to the hill. man has silly ideas about things leading pair break trail through the

The members shouted greetings. when he's a kid. chaparral thickets, followed their

hills pattern herringbone and up has—silly

tracks with their in "Good to see you, Ted!... ideas,""Yes.she said,A andpersoncontinued glided smoothly

the sticks oldGot out of the moth intent to her grade. an edge voice: down

.balls, eh? 'er ready. Got for grunted a meet at Ecker fun,""There's Lars planty on Christ- "This

trial ifa feel like it!"you. coasting mas. he were and Nelson when

The girl was looking at him. easily down a smooth slope. "And

"I you been risk, lak in yumpin'."stayed supposed—haven't home no NilELSONcoming up here for the past did not reply; the lank Nelson the profestwo for Christmas. When

weeks?"sionals came for the New Year's veteran continued: "My little

"No,"Nelson said, looking day meet in Maple Canyon, Ted girl, she was going to marry a getting in my hand cold. a Neither with went to bed yumper—once."little crosscountry work At the red flag marking sixteen to father—doingahead. "Beena her Hildegarde came nor

by myself."visit. Lars twisted his ankle again, miles, Lars and Nelson passed the

"Crosscountry work."and decided to rest a month at leaders. Another mile and the

They helped tramp the hill for home. Nelson went north the next course led in a long semicircle

an hour, going up and down with day. around a hogback to the creek

skis sideways; then Hildegarde Two weeks later he was in running through Suicide Gorge.

climbed high on the hill above the Wyoming, entered in a crosscoun- Kristiansen started up the hillside, takeoffs, and Nelson followed. try race. Nine men were lined up his skis clipping a precise fishbone

She said eagerly, looking down: with him, when from among the pattern in the snow.

"I'm crazy to go off the big jump parked cars came a lank figure who Nelson spoke for the first time:

sometime. But Papa won't let me. took his place beside Nelson. It "I'll pick you up from the bottom

He keeps me on the amateur was Lars Kristiansen. Neither of the gorge."

jumps."spoke. All eyes turned to these Lars swung his long hickories

jumpers, entered to "Stick advised. 'em,"Ted in a parallel, hips and put fists on lean

event. two—greatcrosscountry a feet picayune hundred"Beyond and fifty grinned. is wait- "Hildegarde, she

it stops being fun. Your life's "Here's the course once more!"ing at Antelope Flat for me. Aywrapped up in two slick boards the official starter was bawling. lose my nerve—but Ay not lost it

when you take off the big jump.""Twentyseven miles through the enough to go four miles out of the

The girl glided diagonally down hills, with the finish at Antelope way because Ay am afraid to yump the hill to a spot above the amFlat. Start due west to Little Hen- a little creek... You go around.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935 55 baaby! I tank Ay go over the talking with the newspaper man. Ay made you fall and so was sorry.

I No. sand put the on sandbox from So for fun."Suisade you—well.

I is He left the hot she stove the and whan Ay have "Sure; Yump—yustsmiled grimly. Nelson It always—."was because

go ahead. I know why. That rub it in the wax of one ski bottom. sentence unfinished.

ankle is giving in. I've seen you "But Ay think maybe you only Nelson was on the summit, gaspfavoring it all along. You're afraid touch one hand and lose points ing. His legs quivered from the

you can't beat me without going or maybe fall. I do not want for double burden. "Sure. It's theover the gorge."you to win; but Ay do not think first jump"—desperately—"the

Lars continued up the hill. Ted you braak your leg... And now first one after a bad spill."He

Nelson stood uncertainly, while his you see why you must leave me here was talking in a low voice, almost breath came fast. Then he clamped and not help me."as if to himself. "You get over the

his jaws and began savagely chopNelson hesitated, looking at the first one and you're all right. Your

ping a herringbone pattern up the older man as if for the first time heart shrinks up, but you're all hillside behind Lars. realizing the terrific fight of man right after the first one... Hang

against age, the almost neurotic on, Lars!"

KrISTIANSEN put struggle to avoid obsolescence, the on the pressure, pushing straight up multitude and the incredibility of Nelson started down the slope at a heart breaking pace. the aids and devices by which the towards Suicide Gorge. The

Nelson fell behind a bit. The two passing generation tries to preserve double weight broke the snow crust

men who were second in lead stopthe status quo and with which it at first, then speed became sufficient ped for a moment at the base of persistently attempts to distort, and to skim the waxed boards over the the hill for a grim look, then went finally blinds itself to, the inevittop. It wasn't a big jump. Fortyaround toward the creek. The ski able. The young do not feel that two feet. But that was horizontal

pattern in the snow showed that struggle; the coming generation measurement, which is something

the veteran was taking a smaller surges upwards by the very buoyelse again. And no nice landing

bite with his left leg. ancy of its innate strength, and by hill, smoothly packed.

force of numbers overwhelming reached Lars the summit the When tops of the through He knifed aging, out the weary, it crowds back lookedhe with a grin. a cut of chaparral, down and a clump

"Ay have dinner raady whan the slow; and indeed, perhaps only dip and sped towards the black gash

you come in!"when the coming has imperceptibly of the chasm. Wind howled in his

He crouched and disappeared. hardened into the passing generaears with the velocity, blurred his

slowly comits members tion do desperately to clambered Nelson tears. Lars, hanging eyes with

in engage then finally prehend and the ridge.the Then, rounding a shoulder, his was smiling over

summit, his breath came in an inthe unending siege which is so ingrin of triumph. Nelson blinked

voluntary gasp. Lars was draped finitely pathetic because it is prehis eyes clear, couched lower,

limply around a dead pine a hundestined to defeat. tensed.

dred yards down the slope. The Now Ted Nelson looked into "Ahh!"

Kristiansen, eyes and the of King the cut tracksveteran's through frorri botthe echoed cry up The if of icy as Breath the shivered thicket; a he atops halfburied of oak other the the gorge where of tom aging eternity touched him, had the deflected stubgnarled weak had the rocky along racers strung were his in grooves the deepening'him, leg; inleft there slash the a was the creek. the saw edge of They sadness. helpless face with Then ski buckled. the wheresnow of out straining the shrugged, leap—wobbly, and young man slope, the switched Nelson down dissacrificed for everything hoarsely: growled a beside to the stopskidding limp burthe double then and talkin'; have might form,tance—you "Quitfigure. harLars'unsnapped He den. Internal inquiries."thenesses straightened unconand

scious man in the snow. The scalp He swung Kristiansen over his Nelson was whipped backwards

was laid back in a red triangle from shoulders and began clumping up by the gigantic effort of his jump.

for the arms to whirl Impossible hill. the roots. hair to apeyebrow Nelson

Lars. to clinging He while!"balance not let "Tad! Ay face. to coughplied the Lars snow you—skis. air Dropthe with his churned did come you to Wyored a stream of thined, drooling "Why

saliva, and opened his eyes. ming?"demanded Nelson between ping swiftly, he braced for the jolt,

old."breaths. "I'll tell you! You knew and smashed Into the edge of the "Ay—getting snowbank on the other side, lost I was soft my do you feel?"I'd "How nerve—that floundering. afraid to jump. And you figured "All right."

"You're crazy."that since you caused it you had Nelson found himself not shock-

"I'm all right! By golly Ay not some duty trying to shame it out ed, but rather with a great relief,

lat you halp me!...Wait!"he of me."even though he was head down in

commanded as Nelson went to pick Kristiansen sighed from his posi- a thick bank of loose snow. He

him up. "I got something to tell tion draped over the young man's reached up, fumbling for his ski

you."shoulder. "Yass. I wanted you harnesses to undo his feet, when

"Spit it out. There's a race on."to make one yump. Ay was like a hand gripped his wrist and pulled. Lars took a deep breath, rubbed that once after a bad fall—afraid

me. a inside his face with from And the snow Hildegarde—her "Why—you so red cheeks gesture, are not then:vague you were make now. So Ay thought "Ay oldseriously—say!"mossback! Iyou fall, Tad,"he muttered. "That come up to halp—halp you make Nelson growled suspiciously.

day you braak your leg. You leave the first yump. "Were you playing 'possum all the

your skis in the room and went out "But, Tad, it was not only that time?"

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY, 1935

Lars stretched, and grinned to of the pair. Hildegarde raced out to braak you with my hands in

disclose a gap in his front teeth. on snowshoes to meet them. two!"

He was standing waist deep in "Watch this,"Nelson said as Nelson grinned at Hildegarde.

snow, and after righting Nelson, they passed. "You'll notice I'm "Listen to him, will you? Hard

Lars now leaped nimbly up on the in front. This old guy hooking a for an old man to take a back seat.

back of the skis. ride behind is coming in second."I'll make him look like an amateur

trip the sat Hildegarde back at paused, Ecker next On month."He "Gauss got breath knocked Ay

seat the in rear the between of after said two soberly: then and "And first,"out from he admitme—at a car. Lars'I'll forehead that, bandaged; there's was be wantted. "But whan saw you was Ay Nelson's wrist taped. to I didn't was ing ask over going Suisade you—somethingsomething Gorge you

soft fool,"a the I felt "I'm like a before say because young thought was hurt Ay bad—thenwhan I growled. did rat,""But man yellow how

. still. sit yust up, Ay. Hurry

Tad; we are still in a race."know you weren't dying?"He grinned again. "So you'd

"Yah!"rumbled Kristiansen. better start getting excuses ready."

two, The riding tandem one on you, brat! ripe you the smiling, "I know She and was You think

pair of skis, started long down the next win let you tourapple yumpin'color of back her cheeks Ay was slope to Antelope Flat. nament on account you brang mc in full glory.

The crowd let out a cry at sight in! Ay naver lat you win if I have "I was always poor at excuses."

terror. all alight. up, scattering She jumped them, wardKingdom Come things, across flounced child the aisle. and growing sleepy, was The

(Continued from page 17) "Honey Lamb, come here to me! but now the old lady felt the tugDon't pay attention to that old ging need of her larger audience.

out at the end beckoned, and the funnypaper conductor. He probSomething had released the situalittle conductor scampered off. His ably don't know doughnuts from tion from its oppressing cords

shrill voice carried back: dore-mi! Come here. Baby."something she had done. She could

"No plow on this train, no sir. not stop just yet. They depended

Nope, no trains runnin'through It took minutes of on her.

here tomorrow, neither. Christcoaxing, of bribery and tender "Come along. Bunny. You can

mas, ain't it? Don't know about bullying, before the shudders loosed play sleep pretty soon. First let's

the other side, how long it'll take their grip on the frail form pressed get acquainted with our next neigh- 'em to get through to here. Can't against old Lady Egan's sweetbors. Maybe they'd play, too."

tell how bad it is. Maybe jest a smelling furs. But she purred She dumped the little girl to the

little while, and... Well, you tenderly and like one inspired, her carpet and resolutely marched

hate to think! Might be more voice mounting strong and vibrant ahead.

grief to come. We're plumb under to the corners of the car. Old Lady Conversation began easily, as it

an awful lean o'slope."Egan had a child pressed to her; a can among neighbors in small,

Muttering something, the big scared, tender, nestling thing who friendly places. Bunny fell all the

man turned his head. needed her; and the miracle was way asleep. The curious three

The conductor peered right and dawning in her eyes chattered on with happy pointlessleft, expecting questions, entreaties, "We'll be getting on before you ness under the shadow of unknown reassurances. Nobody spoke. They know it. Bet I know what your tons of treacherous snow.

heard there miracle had wrought a pohad him; nothing The was Well, name Right? is—Bunny! spell. until to say they adjusted were to listen, we'll hav tent Bunnyhoney,

his full meaning. He felt for his fun here. We'll play house. This If Kit, or Ramsay, or her own

cap, touched his naked hair, then is our little house up in the North neighbors at the Corners could have turned and departed as if the best Pole. You're the fairy princess seen the dour and disillusioned

he could do was to go and look Aphrodite and I'm the old witch."widow of Al Egan just now, they

for it. She was confusing her myths would have declared it either halluThe whispers of the little couple slightly but could not stop to cination or some grave mental diswere lighter than breath. The tick bother now. "How'd you like order hard at work. Only some

of a watch spattered through the that game?"of the early townspeople would

air like hail. The need to give The shy reply came almost inhave suddenly remembered a foraudible voice to this predicament, audibly. vivacious, rather "I'd be gotten biddyyou'd Image—a to mingle thoughts words in and like soul I could mother. be the Grandma. masked bravery who had

this intensely mutual catastrophe, And—Oh, I wish I had my doll!"with raillery, and warmth with

pressed about them, yet each te- "I've got one! A great big kindly wit, to march straight into

served a stolid isolation. No, wait. No fair telling secrets the hearts of all of them. And

Then at last, rending the silence before morning. Let's play we they would have opened their

wide open like a sheet of spent had to be here all night, and Santa hearts a second time, to welcome cloth, the desperately frightened Claus was coming. You're the her return.

sound of a little girl's sob tore out. mother, wishing for a little girl, They were going home, these

The old Lady came to herself, and you've written him a letter. two with the turkey, to see his

suddenly very warm with realizaPretty soon we'll shut our eyes and parents for the first time since their tion and excited anger. Here were play sleep till he comes..."She marriage. Last Christmas there

five selfsufficient, hard old idiots went on and on. had come no invitation. His parletting a bereft and lonely child Down the row two white, ents had objected to Betty, to his

battle unaided in the waters of cold youthful faces were straining tomarriage at all, so young and so

THE IMPROVEMENTERA, JANUARY. 19 35 57

obscurely. And she was mortally "Unlock these things, you wrist. He bowed, not entirely in

afraid to go, now they had relented. rotten..."mockery. "At your command.

But Wally wanted to, so she had The big man paid no heed. What was it next? Our coats?

stopped protesting; had made two Grasping the inert tramp by the Your coat, Arnold, if you please.

mince pies, and picked the great shoulder, he shook him upright. I prefer not to risk contamination.

turkey until it was as smooth as "I think I'll have a look at you! It's a very good coat."

the inside of your elbow; and had Riding the rails, was it? Not so "Both of them!"She was

come. pleasant freezing to death, either? adamant; and two heavy overcoats,

Sit up!"he commanded as the hudstill full of the comfort of body-

x\NCIENT memories dled form slumped deeper. warmth, were tucked about the

flowed deep underground as the The old lady was down the aisle, shabby figure by the lady's own old lady listened. She knew I Once an avenging fury. "Get away, you ringed fingers.

she, too, had groped with floundergreat oaf! Can't you see the man's Silently, they paraded back. But

ing gestures to allay a mother's all but done for? Take off"that this time the lady followed after,

grievance. She remembered Agatha, coat, and this fellow's here, and and sat down facing them.

and her own bitter denunciation of put some warmth into him! And "I know you,"she suddenly adKit's choice. Did all mothers of first take off those handcuffs."dressed the big man. "I shouldn't

sons instinctively hate the women "Madam,"the address was not recognize you with that ugly scowl they chose for mates? without courtesy, "don't interfere, you've grown. But I do. You're

The old lady chuckled aloud. please. This man is an appreDave York. Haha!"

"My first pie! Glory! Lemon, if hended criminal."His stare was an unfeigned quesyou please. We had to live with "What of it, you lunatic?"she tion.

the folks, and I'd wait until everybarked back. "Is that any reason "Dave, you muttonhead, don't

body was away to practice my for spending Christmas like a pair you recognize Sally Winkle?"

cooking. Well this pie was so of Siamese twins? He can't escape Dave York had been Sally Windownright awful, I had to get rid tonight, and live. Now you do as kles* first beau.

of it like murdered remains and I I say."She waved their present enmities

didn't know how. I was digging She was magnificent. aside, launching into hilarious

a hole for it when I heard the Slowly, with a gleam of surreminiscence. The younger man

wagon, and knew there wasn't prised appreciation in his eyes, the looked out the window.

time. So I up and hurled the big man released the boy's thin Presently, "What have you

whole thing over the chicken wire and scuttled indoors, grabbing a piece just knitting of as they came Three 1933 Outstanding Henaer Students in. I chickens those hoped would

have it finished by morning.

"Well, 'twas around daylight we heard a roar from the woodshed to wake the dead. AI's Pa

was a good churchman, but he was cussing now! What happened?

I'd pitched that dratted pie clear over the hencoop, and landed it plop on the axe against the shed.

The old man, out for kindling Why, whatever! What's wrong,

child?"AFTON MAUSS BETH ANDERSON VIRGINIA MARTIN Betty's face, just now convulsed with laughter, was a mask of horThese three students were taken Completion of a Business Course ror, her dilated eyes on the further to Chicago last Summer by Mr. at Henager's will be the best indoor. They all looked, but saw Moench, Manager of Henager's, to vestment one can possibly make.

nothing. compete in the International Opportunities come to those pre-

"It was a face! A man's awful, Commercial School Contest. Beth pered to accept them. The School

hideous face! It's gone now, but I Anderson was a winner in the Busihas had more calls for office help

saw it!"ness College Division and Virginia this year than they could fill. ComThe old lady was probing for Martin, with only one arm, wrote plete Courses given in all Comwords of comforting ridicule when the only perfect typewritten conmercial Subjects. Mid Year Term

the door actually did burst open, test paper out of 453 contestants opens January 7. New classes start

and the figure of a man all but fell for which she received a medal. each week thereafter.

in. He raised gaunt, tortured eyes Both Miss Anderson and Miss Prepare now for a good position,

as in a daze; then, sinking, dropped Mauss have written more than 100 Business pays better than any other

his head onto his knees. net words per minute in typewritvocation. Call, write or phone to

At the opposite end, the older of ing speed tests. Miss Martin has HENAGER BUSINESS COLthe two men, after a brief squinting been appointed Deputy Clerk for LEGE, 45 E. Broadway, Was.

speculation, leaped up and strode Tooele at $100.00 per month. 2753, for catalog and full informadown the car; dragging the other Miss Anderson has a good position tion. Please Mention Era in writruthlessly after him by what they with Western Loan and Building ing. It pays to get the best in

recognized with shock was a pair Co., and Miss Mauss was recently Commercial Training. Visitors

of handcuffs. placed with General Motors. welcome any time.

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY. 1935

done?"was her blunt question to body start snoring, at your peril. brilliant December sunshine and to

him. I have a hard enough time resting."the ineffable sweetness of an old

"What's this big bully locking The tramp, whose lungs and lady's voice singing Christmas you up for?"ribs had gradually ceased their carols

The long silence was broken by clanking, stirred awake hours later. "Glory to God! Glory to God!"York. "He stole—this ring. Our She tiptoed to him. A truer voice had chimed a peragency had him within an hour.""Can I help you, Mister?"fect harmony a man's thrilling,

He produced a small solitaire, an Sullen negation. liquid tenor voice. The gaunt

engagement ring. "Come far?"tramp, eyes rapt, was releasing

"What'd you do that for. Son?"It was hardest of all to win his purest melody out of the twisting

She might have been inquiring why talk, but it came at last. "Wife's corners of his amazing mouth.

dive. risked Ihe had a dangerous sick all year. couldn't stand it "Peace to earth, goodwill on men!"

last he told paytonight. her. "I been At best neigh- I'm away; ''Peace to on earth, good will men! '

ing on that since May, every week. bors'll look out fer her. If I stayed, At the second chorus they were

We fixed Christmas to be engaged. she'd make me share, and I'd go all singing, irresistibly drawn in.

Then, just Thanksgiving, I lost plumb nuts and do it."His eyes Bunny's little treble squeaked at

my job. And those robbers were knowing and alive. "The times, and Dave's thundering bass

wouldn't wait for the rest, and road ain't new to me."His exwas miles off; but even these could

wouldn't give my money back. So pressive, twisted mouth, emitting not detract from the absolute

I did it. I'm glad I did."words out of unexpected corners, beauty of the final stirring strains:

His hard defiance could not mask might once have been indescribably "Peace on earth, good will to men!"

the young despair behind the deed. droll. The old lady liked him. No fantastic word describes ade-

"Don't worry. Son,"the old "Tomorrow I'll tell you what quately that Christmas day. Bunlady admonished before she left. a low, mangy cur you are, young ny in her flowerlike frock, hugging

"You look all right to me. I'll man, and send you packing home. the doll and peering reverently into

have some more to say to Dave But tonight you lie still and keep each inchwide mirror, was a fairy here. There's a few sweet things on thawing till you run rivers. princess indeed! Her spindle legs

I've not forgotten, he'd give a lot Now mind!"in their long ribbed black stockings

not to have spread around town were slender stems to hold the

I've oldtoday. a wicked And aloft. licking Betty, to flower away She remembered

it startstongue, once wagging."tears to spotting doll- z vision happy keep from place the mammoth

all better to sleep. try we'dNow, loveliness, the her lapful of in its French foamy was costume—beside happens,Whatever we want to be sleeping a bride. speak. before she dropped, couldn't She Bunny

awake tomorrow. And don't anycompletely exhausted now, to her There weren't words. The miracuseat. She wished she had somelous watch came in and out of

thing for all these crazy people; Wally's coarse tweed pocket so

reviewing hopelessly the packages often that he surreptitiously looked SINGS UTAH of of luxurious nonsense in her bag. to see if the finish weren't wearing An Anthology

Contemporary Verse For Kit, a priceless platinum watch, off. The tramp, newly shaven like

thin as a dime; and imported the rest with Wally's razor and

120 Biographies of, and Scotch sweater and golf sox! cold water, actually grinned above

465 Poems, by Living Poets Agatha's absurdly costly lingerie: Kit's handsome Scotch wool

of Utah six matching pieces of handmade sweater.

Beautifully Bound in Cloth lace and cobwebby silk that might The several hundred dollars $2.25 have been all six rolled up in your worth of Christmas gifts which had

hand like a snowball! And Maryleft Hartsburg not long since

Utah Academy of Ellen's party dress exactly like the stowed behind Ramsey in the imSciences, Arts and Letters doll's, with a thousand infinitespressive Egan limousine, was reProvo, Utah imal taffeta rufHes and rose petals! turning in strange custodies.

Order Now. Hardly feasible gifts for present Young Arnold's gift had been

company the most perplexing; then it had

Suddenly she was bolt upright. been the easiest, solving itself. One

Why not, by jingo? Why not proof the old lady's tooheavy rings

long the fairy tale? Everything would plight a fine engagement!

gifts ingratiation. fantastic. of One of Kit's they Tomorrow GLARIN /DB7IL GHTIIR was FOLDIIVG Parting it, she chuckled. with might be at the bottom of a mounIT'S COMFORTABLE THOROUGHLY

ATTRACTIVE SATISFIED USERS tain of snow. And tomorrow was Big Dave York received only a

APPEARANCE GRANITE STAKE Christmas. note, written in delicate oldfash-

16TH SALT NOISE WARD, PROOF the old lady hadn't Then script ioned characters who were whose LAKE STRONG able been sleep to a outside all to not wink of him; and new them RIVER BEAR SET EASY TO UP STAKE her for big bed years pleased. own and he seemed most ECONOMICAL ALPINE WARD years, closed us eyes her to Permit snored show and oranges, nuts have candy, "We VERNAL WARD this wonderfnl chair softly the through pies."dawn. lady, mince and old The for seating: your

for Ask Booklet * * * problems. majorgeneral again, estimatwas

'Tar, far away on Judea's plains. ing the possibilities of dinner.

glor- "Too bad we can't eat raw turkey."PEMBROKE COMPANY Shepherds of old heard the

!4 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah ious strains,""Lady, lady! Did you ever try

Six occupants of the car sat up to one of them things roasted in mud?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935 59

Wait while I have a look up by "Grandma, when you were a little the engine!"girl, were you ever a really fairy

too. turkey, princess?"had So they The

biggest turkey that pounds by had "Hey? Oh, yes. Yes, Bunny, MANY HOMES

ever seen the light of Corn County. I was once."

And though the hobo's hands bled "Then no wonder you're so from the splitting job of sundering happy now, I'll always be happy, Enjoy the frozen sod, he kept them genevery day always, even when I'm erally out of sight. not. I've been one, haven't I,

gramma? And you the really

It was a rollicking, fairy queen?"

festive, family meal, with none of "Look! Look! Back there!"the niceties forgotten. A long A straw, we've been told, once GAS

crate, carted from the baggage car, broke a camel's back. Slight hapserved as a table, magnificently penings may prove to be momenHEAT

draped with a snowy square torn tous finalities.from one of the old lady's volumiPerhaps it was the sudden jarAt Less Cost

nous linen nightgowns. Bunny's ring of the train in motion. Or the

strawflowers were a gracious centershifted weight of the snow from than for any other piece, and her oranges were cut into the cleared tracks. At any rate, this fuel

baskets and tied with holly ribminute, the great immensity of bons. If salt and stuffing and snow that had been a mountain

cranberry sauce were lacking, they above was thundering silently were not missed in all that plentidown, down, to the very spot they tude. had left.

train recrew, to choosing The enchanted had kingdom The 12nionth a heat alone—onmain forgotten ahead in but not forever. disappeared narrow The are payhomes average—manyFor detail, theany were ones only rattled train a bend. around who The than, formfor was less ing Gas

found the holly ribbons comic. dethroned queen looked curiously erly paid for fuel which did not

"Wally will carve."The old about her. She must have spent give the convenience, comfort,

lady ceremoniously proffered that power of splendid feeling that cleanness and joy of Gas heat.

Dave's big pocket knife. had flowed these last hours with

then, offer please "David, light. And intensity Just of such now also enjoy homes same Thesegrace."it a trivial coincidence as struck her waterheating, cooking, for Gas the as Just blade still hovering was in the quiet that they were not automatic instances, in and, some the breast,over savory the conleft, spot in being they buried had incineration. refrigeration andductor—a cyclone of excitement beauty and in the midst of joy

leaped in. clear! "We're We're the decent only way. other of these the cost Deductingclear! bother that Don't about Life, in that little stretch of time, the Gas, with services enjoyedfood We'll be now. as soon its lost all home complexities. had Huis less than cost heating actual

SiS the steam's up."beautiful been manity and had inconfuels are dirty, that with cheered. it Nobody fear of the good. dying Was unispace-takers, not venient, their delaughter Over a hush like together that welded had them comfortable. not and formscended, almost of dismay. brothers? of one not But them

It to dared was venBunny it? afraid! who been was had What arguany been never has There theirture plea.... common "Oh, City landmarks loomed of superiority the about mentplease, let Toonerville, us Mr. stay Realities! passing. was mood The conuniformity, for Gas heat ishere for dinner. nicest the This Realities! very weary. She was comfort. and cleanness venience, I ever dinnerChristmas to."was course, to returned one always Of users have that so many Now stay, all "We'll means!"by jovial corner the the In them.

its economy, demonstrated why It queen. spoke the dowagerThus looking a little tramp was already

your enjoy it in home? mandate, all objecwas a cowing shamefaced and worried. The not

tions. "What's half an hour in skinny black legs of the erstwhile

fairyland?"fairy princess were undeniably groCome in or phone us for

The strangest Christmas dinner tesque under the cascading ruffles. particulars. Find out

in the world that day came to an The day was nearly done, but just how easily you can end at last. Betty's miraculous they had lived it! Something of have automatic Gas

pies were reduced to powdery it, surely, would remain forever in heat.

crumbs. Pasteboardbox plates the welter of Hartsburg and realwere heaps of succulent bones. And ities.

the strangest family in the world The train slowed. The old lady

beamed about the board in love moved quietly down the car, and kissed each brood. one of herand wonderment. She

It spied her family the UTAH GAS & COKE CO. waiting on had to be at last. The train

coughed, lurched and began to platform. And she remembered to OGDEN GAS CO.

move. It gained speed, was on its grin a wicked grin of pure delight

way. to see that Kit was on the train in WASATCH GAS. CO.

Bunny, anemoneeyed, rested time to see her kissing old Dave against the old lady's sleeve. York, who happened to come last.

60 THE I M PROVEM ENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935

R Romance of—therethe groupwereof bigotedthe faggots.Priests whoseThere

Peerless Laundry Two City thecursesflameschangedlightedto byribaldthe Priestlaughterwithas

changed. the sound Again A voice. SNOW WHITE (Continued from page—<21) the whip ate their way upward. through the which That voice CLOTHES he would come to his people in cringing silence cut with the nowlash the Temple at Zarahemla; for to of a whip—"and in that day ye

Complete Laundry Service her Zarahemla was the epitome of shall be smitten on every hand and all that was holy and sanctified. driven as a flock is driven; before

1184 East 21st South So to live to see her grandmother's wild and ferocious beasts—and in

Beautiful,"the lode I suflfer suffer as "City shall became that day."existence. her of the pangs of death—ye Phones: Hyland 21822183 star listening to evening while picture faded. One old The The

Jared, she became aware of two man sank to his knees. He raised

Lamanites standing close. The his arms that were now cut and

congregation was sitting spellbleeding toward heaven and cried bound, drinking in every word of in a voice of anguish

Attention Bishops! comfort that fell from the lips of "I was one of them and now I

Help the missionary work along their beloved Priest. At that mosuffer, oh Lord, that my sins might the at

Bureau of Information ment there was not a thing in their be washed away with my blood, hy gettiiis your world but those words of Promise. Punish me if need be, oh Lord,

Sacrament Sets Their weariness had dropped unto death, but bring the deliverrestful sat for speedily."them; they people from ance and of thy From Us the floor to happy. he the where sank Lamanmoment The He PRICE3S: LOW NEW

ites lay vicious the understood of a prostrate few words with and SILVER

Tvith Watertray—heavyplated dozen three spirit the the of of nothing and the kick away. walked Lamanites glasses S16>00 Extra glasses speaker, but they did understand From the shadow of the wall the

BREAD TRAYS$1.00 and $1.25 per 7.50doz. that these people were enjoying long lean figure of Bithna crept

themselves. she over not good; forward. was Leaning That him OF INFORMATION BUREAU slaves. for beats. listened for was not his heart There Block content Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah Suddenly one raised the heavy was none.

m whip he carried and cried: That night in the eerie light of

"Disperse you swine! If you a flickering torch they buried him

have time for this, you have time in a crypt beneath his house and for work. To your homes every over him mourned two lone figures.

one of you."Morning came dark and sultry,

For a moment they sat paraan oppressive sky hung still and START lyzed, then the heavy whip declose above the City. With a tender the New Year scended on those nearest, and they farewell to her griefstricken grandscurried away like frightened rabmother, Zena, slipping a corn cake

bits to their burrows. Zena into her robe, went out, for the RIGHT grasped Miriam's arm and hurried work must go on though one's

grief. soon was all were gone but Jared. heart with numb Few starting your car home;—by

streets. remained. people were on the Those He alone easily and quickly!

"Come! Away with you,"the who were, like hunted beasts, slunk

Pep 88 Winter Gasoline guard cried brutally, "and no more cringingly from wall to wall.

and coldproofed Vico preaching of false Gods to this motor oil make starting people. Begone."Close by the rear pleasure! a

Jared stood firm. Once before, gate was the home of Bithna, the

he had yielded when someone had Witch. It was a wretched hovel,

cried, "Down with false Gods."the thatched roof of which was

He opened his mouth to reason half fallen in. Here despite the

with them, but the heavy whip mysterious passing in and out of struck again and again. Not by so corn baskets, the old woman and MOTORICOOIL much as an inch did he yield. The an elfin grandchild existed in the

second Lamanite raised his whip. meanest possible manner. Each

A buzzing, confusing noise then day that she worked, Zena passed filled the old man's ears, which by and often gave her lunch to the

GASOLINE gradually took the sound of blows child. Once Bithna had been

onwhy—why—heflesh, but not openedaimed athis himfeeble wealthyrespected andalikepowerful;by rich fearedand poor,and UTAH OIL REFINING eyes wide—drew his hand across for in the days of King Noah

COMPANY them to clear away the vision, but witchcraft had flourished. Now

Stations Service 400 stake the was Abinadi and their with the In Gospel Christ of and in Utah it. a Priest Idaho—therebound to 'Twas with hearts the for Nephltes use had no

the whip. It couldn't be, but, yes necromancy and Bithna had gradTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935 61

ually lost power and prestige. Her With the rest, Zena and Leah

only clients now being a few redoubled and rose, bent and turned, calcitrant Nephites and the superparting, pruning, and flinging stitious guards. wearily into piles dead and sui>erThis morning opposite the hovel fluous twigs. The sun found its

Zena paused. A little head was way through murky clouds. The Rewards

are interested* Ifyou develop the ability to speakhalf thrust from the doorway looksultriness increased. Noon came.—to

in public everyday fortunate or in were about. beckoneding fearfully enough Those Zena who HOW effectivelyconversation—to twice forgeahead

little their them, to have cautiously, the corn iTOWORKl one apmunchedand doing, are read as fast as you now to wonders! V/ork With Wonders Words How cakes a thirst as they worked. Theirproached. the of She had form free. sent WITH now

bookIet,"recen11y This pubnew intense. face she grew hersix year old, long Water bags had but from WORDS lished, thoupoints that the road

might have been a hundred. since been emptied. sands nave followed to increase

quickly their earning and power M is straightened. faced Leah She 2na Grandmother?""Where popularity. iPlJV* also It explains can, a you how by 9 the guards, Nabor, of the Captain approached. she asasked *V'* bemethod, easy new, study home

fright; outstanding staKO speaker conquer an and is curls the pushing back locked damp Great Bithna that cometimidity tills fear. "The will to be prove booklet and read To

evening wellspent. on clustered face. her deabout child's answerup."was Simply free this address valuable and send and The name

booklet obligation. besentatonce. No pleaded, drink,"she I must expression. of hasvoid night "All INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTHwill

she conversed with Spirits. All walking toward him. 3601 Michigan Ave., Dept, 4l8i, Chicago, llllnoii

night have they filled the house with their mutterings and cursings. ZiENA vaguely sensed

Soon they shall burst their bonds Leah's question and act, but beand then—"an expressive shrug came acutely conscious of the sharp HEADQUARTERSNEWFOR

and the child stood still watching cry that followed a moment later. LATTERDAY SAINT

as itZena's GARMENTS to her dress. went hand She sprang around; Leah was TO YOU FACTORY FROM in Solicit Orders did the arms of the eat?"Your Mail you Zena struggling "When LaWe

asked, noting, the waif was watchmanite. Zena looked about. No. 88. dies'Lt. Wt.NewMen'sStyle and La- $.65

L<a- No. Men'a 89. Med. Wt. and Apathetically theing her furtively. Nephites stood

1.10 Style her, watching. Near an old days ago the deacon man, No. 8.0. Men's Double dles'HeavyNew "Two Wt.

brought one loaf and a measure of pausing in his work, leaned on a No. 81. HeavyBack Wt. Old Style 1.36

stout stick. Double Backwine. Snatching In one day it was gone. short

Lt. it, No. 87. Old and Wt. New 1.50 Zena rushed struck eat yesterday."and did not with all her 85We Styles No. Special Very NonRun the insulting might eyes guard. as sharp slyly Her Like watched—Guarantesd a match the to powder, her Ray.Zena her To withdrew broke blow from Run hand Spec 85.—NotGarments

84. Lt. Med. and 1.10 Men's Wt. the tension.robe. there cake. It held the corn been No. Where had Ladies'Style, DouNew

Snatching it greedily she whirled to apathy, pandemonium reigned. Fineble Combed Yarn, Extra 85

go inside and collided with a guard. Old men, young boys, feeble girls Specify when ordering, your bust,

The bread flew from her hand to struck blindly and unavailingly at oldtrunkstyle,and andlength,if men'swhetheror newladies'.or

the gutter. Instantly the guard put huge Lamanites, but their feeble We Pay Postage Anywhere in the

his heel on it. She flew at him attempts soon broke under the United States.

heavy of their whipswildly, taskmasters. screaming: LEWIS MOSE

ST. in chains driven were into Many bread! Give me my "My CITY, SALT UTAH 14LAKEso. seeing!;MAIN Please mention the City's tMs Add in dungeons. Leah'sbread."limp

"Child of the Evil One, watch body was born by wailing, moanthis MasasKlne your steps,"the guard cried angrily watching with delight her frantic efiorts to regain her bread.

crazed hunger. child with wasThe his How Long at clutchingShe flew and him

bare leg, tried to dislodge it. That

failing, she bent swiftly and sunk Should A Wife her teeth in his flesh. With a howl

theof back pain Lamanite swung release his it, at the time Live? leg to same

diving for the urchin; but she, with There is universal agreeincredible swiftness snatched the ment, that while we are

dirty remnant of food and, ducking living, daily existence to escape his reach, fled inside. The should be made as comfortLamanite would have followed, able and enjoyable as posbut one glance at the house and sible.

he drew back. No Lamanite enMake use of the many labortered that house unless bidden, so saving electrical appliance

limping and cursing he passed on. within your grasp.

The work at the vineyard went on that morning in intolerable Electricity Is The Biggest Bargain In The Home silence. The workers gave each

over glances, for furtive other only UTAH POWER LIGHT CO. guards, the menacing them hung

.silent too, but alert and watchful.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JANUARY. 1935

ing women back to the home that drop of rain struck his clenched would know her no more. Nabor hands. Suddenly he smiled; a

went to report to his chief, smile that spread and spread until

Nanaaha was in a volcanic huit radiated from his whole being.

mor. Since the sun had risen, he He could see a plan, a way to win

had sat motionless and silent except recognition and at the same time when some hapless slave drew uprevenge himself upon Nanaaha.

on himself his vials of wrath. The He sprang to his feet and scanned

evening before, peremptory dethe heavens. In a short time came

mands had come from his King to the Sacrifice to the Harvest God.

increase the tribute or yield his post Suppose he should take to the King to one who would. Well the a wondrous gift for the CelebraMighty that the One knew revenue turned and ran lightly tion?—he had dropped to practically nothing. the street. downCA The Nephites were weak, too weak Hardly had Nabor left the presto produce in abundance. It was ence of the Mighty One, when a

his purpose that they should be but servant announced:

he had misjudged Jared's pride. "Isaac, the Nephite seeks adHappy To be recalled meant not only dismission."

grace, but giving up the maid his Nanaaha turned sharply.

stubborn nature clung to. He faced "What now?"he cried savagely,

a crisis. The season promised "do they come here to plague me?New Year well, and with adequate labor a Tell him to be gone."With an

satisfactory yield was certain. air of finality he resumed his seat.

Adequate labor must mean more "What!"he demanded, seeing

for hope less the Nephites; and remember that we rethat the servant I lingered, "must straint, have flogged?"you are equipped to handle "Cursed dogs!"cried he out "Forgiveness, oh Mighty One,"violently slave the and ushering Nathe servant begged, courtesying printing your bor to trembled him uttered and and low. "This Nephite says he has wordless prayers for protection. something desire you very much. binding needs ecoprostrated Nabor himself and would have driven We him away still kneeling, stumbled through but he not, would saying you nomically well. and his story, fearing to be interrupted, be would if displeased much we yet wishing Mighty The One refused entrance."him would relieve speak and the tension. 3 considered. Nanaaha was Who still finished, he had he When

Isaac, he wondered? Fearing knelt, awaiting the to command treachery yet ready to clutch a at arise, it but given, not was Nanaaftf straw, acquiesced. he sat aha teeth bare with glaring and

eyes. One Nephite dog more or "Bid him enter."

He soon appeared, a man past less meant nothing to him, but the life, middle moving nervously King? listen readily would to He PRINTERS MUSIC

if about, as sure not of himself. tales of use mismanagement and PRINTERS—BINDERS he it Once been portly, had but now as excuse to disgrace an him. Obthe RULERS skin loosely his hung on emaviously to send back to Nabor

29 Richards Street Shemlon would not be advantaciated frame.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH geous. Coming on the events of

the previous evening, made it more N.ANAAHA scowled

seen he had him before? imperative that Nabor remain with—whereSvSKSvS?3vSve need fear At least he nothing from him; yet he must be punished.

BE INDEPENDENT and"Stupidsteppingass,"downhe hecriedtoreviolently,the band bowedone of suchand indecision.waited the commandIsaac had

No Other Vocation So Profitable I from Nabor's head, his insignia of to speak. When the command did

ENROLL NOW office, and throwing it upon the come, it was so curt that the petiFor a Complete Course at the floor ground it with his heel. tioner would have withdrawn in

"Go,"he cried, "and be thankfear had he not been sure of his

Quish School of Beauty Culture ful that you go not to Shemlon in message.

The Best in the West chains."The Nephite bowed again.

804-9 Ezra Thompson Bide. Nabor retreated with more haste "The Mighty One has heard of

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH than dignity; but outside the fortthe death of Jared, once the High

For Further Information ress he sat heavily down on stone Priest?"

and Catalog Call steps, his head dropped forward; Nanaaha scowled

oj; 7560 Wasatch darkly—so guard a common now with no Jared was the whipped dog of the Fill in This

privileges, of no hope promotion. night Coupon had not thought before—he His shoulders grew heavy. The sufficiently of it to the vicask who

sun went down; but grovelstill he tim a fellow Priest was—now ed. breeze up. sprang It comes A little to he cooled his hot brow. An errant did not wearcomplain—yet—no,the dress of a Priest,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1935 63

"Jared,"the Nephite was con- -tf<>( wife—"tinuing, he"washesitated.the father of my "Building Zion "Go on!"

"The death of the Priest leaves."Today"me as the nearest male relative—

last. The Lamanite (Slogan for Leadership Week) Aha—at

shaded his crafty eyes to hide the will placed be upon present Emphasis leavesgleam. "Consequently me

in all of the i departments problems day over his wife,guardian Miriam and his granddaughter Zena."

"What is your desire?"There Annual Leadership

was no encouragement in the Lamanite's tone, only arrogant pride. Week

Isaac shifted from one foot to the January 28February 1 other. He found it hard to proceed. Ever since the days of President Brigrham

"I have come to offer the maid, Young,thorough whosetrainingtheoryof theof hand,educationthe head,was andthe

Zena, in marriage to the Mighty the heart under inspired leadership; and his

One."founding16, 1875, thatof thethoughtparenthasChurchbeen Schoolemphasizedon Oct.by

Nanaaha considered. His probPresident Brigham Young his successors in the First Presidency.

lem was solved. He could save

himself and still secure the long Watch Newspapers and Annoancementa for Program find the maid.coveted He must

Yet them. and reward '59 Years BRIGHAMof service to the Church"YOUNGProvo, Utah UNIVERSITY"The Friendly Schooltwo guards

he must not show eagerness.

"Upon what terms?"he parried.

"Those the Mighty One himself to Jared."made he considered a soldier of Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel While

King Limhi was shown into the room and begged permission for a small company of the King's mento go beyond the walls. After lisHOTEL

tening to him, Nanaaha turned tohis slave. TEMPLE

"Report at the North Gate. See

that it is left open that the Nephites may go in and out at their SQUARE pleasure."200 Rooms each with

Both Nephite and slave looked Tile Bath their astonishment.

"Ten thousand pardons, O Mighy One,"the slave begged, $1.50 to $4.00

do I low, "but for Connections underRadio."stand—bowing Every Room temper quick Lamanite's The

flared. Opposite Great Mormon Temple

Begone."He me. heard "You ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager then turned out, both themwaved

to Isaac. "Come, we shall fix our agreement."He led the way to an inner

room.

Continued) be (To INSURE were subjugated Mayas"THE registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause. forYour

in their to write own bidden language under penalty of death,"says StavyJudd in his book, "TheAncient Mayas."This edict evenINSURE

tually created an extraordinary Your animals while in transit to market.

present Mayas:condition. The

with Let us quote you rates. of people race"Are the only

the unique distinction of being able to speak their language exactly as it HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

was spoken thousands of years ago. 20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Yet not able to write it or deciper the glyf writing of their ancestors."

"Vjvow i3LgLjxNvAC5uyyA.

THIS letter is from Alexander Schrcincr, one of the most whereas more pipes were added in 1926. This brief statement

gifted of organists and one who knows and loves the was prepared by a guide on Temple Square and is correct.

Tabernacle organ:

"There is something peculiarly strange about the Tabernacle The original organ was begun in January, 1866, and dediorgan. It is not the world's largest instrument, but it surely cated and used at the October conference of 1867. Brother

left Ridges has a detailed statement as to what parts had been been successful organs of the one anywhere. Multihas most

; completed namely listeners, of have musicians tudes and nonmusicians, both

fifteenth, diapason, stopped open its tones. enthralled been by Great Organ—Principal,

flute, flute, hohl mixture three ranks, harmonic, be gone "While from the Tabernacle much of the diapason, I may a cheminee, dulciana, twelfth, trumpet, bourdon, totaling it year, still holds first place in my heart and I am sad to be flute, 14 sets, or 784 pipes. it. from away

"Sincere thanks to you. Svwell Organ—Claribella, Principal. "Alexander Schreincr."Claribella—flute, stoppedflute, Cornopean, hautboy, open

diapason, ranks, diapason, bassoon, stopped mixturetwo 1 i i bourdon, sets pipes. or 13 728 Madisonville, Kentucky. piccolo—totaling

ft. f t. bass,; dulc. Pedal bass, 16 16 Editor: Dear Organ—open

bass, ft.; cipal 8 bass, ft.; great bass, stopped 16 open;32prinft., tell I liked story, to the T "Wings,"by you how WANT

sets totaling 5 pipes. or 150 is It a true Eideker. F. has to such so William life and

Mechanical pedal, great pedal Swell and and I also wa*it Captain to "Ruff,"mention by good moral. stops—Great

signal, total swell, tremulant, of bellows a grand making is also story; which a good B. Harmsen True would and we

like to have more stories by these authors. 1,662 pipes in the organ when dedicated in October, 1867.

largest in the America, was considered The organ one of Yours truly, ft. about deep, 30 ft, in width, 45 and 55 ft. James Ray. measuring

in height. i i i In 1885, Niels Johnson added hundreds of pipes bringing Tabcr, Alberta, Canada.

Dear Editors: the total of pipes up to date to 2,648.

T AM an invalid girl so you see I spend much of my time theLaterreservoirs.on a waterIn 1900motor thewasorganused inwasforcingrebuiltthebywindKimballinto reading.

Chicago, of sets several Co. pipes, additional adding of y I interested as I in her enjoyed KenncUy, have Ardyth am

it electrified. stops, and also the was added They Vox verses in so the Era. much

or pipes. J. J. Humana, humanvoiced Professor McClellan I a her. desire write her have to send to Will you me

is stated this its that organ noted quality sweetness for of tone letter address, in her? reach will or which some way

the has and voiced in wonderful world. the pipes most human sincerely, Thank you—verymy the In spring the of Austin Hartford, Co. of Conn., 1915 Dixie Lee A.

enlarged the theii organ; sent to the pipes of were back many

-f ( i in factory revoiced. Connecticut to be Several pipes thousand

Editor of Era. Impcovement The is added, celestial were together the that or with organ echo

Sir: Dear in the located east a in extreme of the tabernacle cement end

in the the of Ours,"columns Era, 'Your T Page and NOTED 1 lined ft. approximately 8 ft. long, 1 2 ft. room 2 wide and

'criticism. Well, here magazines In reading is mine some high. 1 1 is a sets of action echo organ duplex has The and

now days, the reader is a hunter in a sense; for instance, he pipes.

reads the beginning of an article on the front page, possibly The original imposing casework has been preserved and a column, then ten pages over he finds 2 columns, then in additions have been made on both sides practically doubling the back he finds the rest, so one wears the journal out to its width and enhancing its proportions and eff'ect.

article. a connect story or an up

skill still ingenuity pioneer of builders and the be can The

I failed subscription have just to account. renew on that my in seen larger pipes, the of casing. the original some organ and I voice a sentiments against this of kind such mix up my addition to In in string the the usual stop various found

article journalism. of placed in the cannot say be one "Why

is departments special of a the organ, string also proorgan three next, columns, or a or or page, so the on, two and and

It is vided. enclosed in swell a separate playable and from box like I newspapers."in time hunting. have to waste no

at will. any manual for better a Era. Yours

(Signed) James Ezra McQuiston. The entire organ is built on the Austin Universal Air

Chest System, with the Austin perfected type of Electro- a subscriber, he becomes one action. of pneumatic

of the of the mechanics XTTE'"thealwaysfamily,regretbutlosingon account are this divisions seven There seven in or separate organs magazine, we cannot change—much. one; namely, String, Orchestral, the Great Swell, Solo, Organ, / / /

Celestial Pedal. or Echo, and

Lovell, Wyoming Dear Editors: During the summer of 1926 the organ was again enlarged

several pipes, by Austin adding bringCo. hundred more a splendid thing such to was opportunity give an for you TT

the total of pipes to in ranging 6,868, length 'from writers for to try It writing. at themselves is so hard ing new

inches feet. to present the 5/8 32 dimensions of the At organ for started. get to Especially lacks one the one when

visible in ft. the tabernacle are ft. wide, deep 60 45 55 and. technique construction expression as I of and do...

ft. is high. largest the the While organ the today in not tell love the must you "I look and to forward we how

the press world, in general this given to has uniform honor light Era. It brings a of peace gladness to and our home,

although it is often quite a struggle to raise two dollars for great instrument by crediting it with being second to none in its subscription for we are tillers of the soil. Yet each issue tonal qualities in the world, being greatly assisted by the

is easily worth the subscription price."wonderful accoustic properties in the historical tabernacle.

Valeria P. Walker. Some time ago a great French Virtuoso, Professor Bonnet,

f -f i visited Salt Lake City and announced that the Great TaberTHE SILVERTONED MISSIONARYA CORRECTION nacleProfessorOrganis wasone ofthe thebest world'supkept greatorganorganists.in the world.This Theis a

real tribute the present Toronto, G. technician of the to John a typographical error allowed December our number we IJV

his been at for 20 years. who has post now the dedication of the organ. place to date on the wrong We organ

listed the wrong total number of pipes—ours being of 1915,—John H. Christensen.

Bind Your ERA'S, Vol. 37, and Own a Library

We have so mznj requests to reprint some good urging our subscribers to bind their Eras. The twdve

thing that somebody would like to read again and so numbers, bound covers and all, make a handsome many calling for articles in past numbers, that we are volume.

We Furnish the Suggestions For

Complete Index to Binding or Prethe Volume, Free serving the Era

As soon as a volume It will be best to have is finished we go over the volumes bound, it and make a comof course, for then the plete index of articles, numbers are safely stories, editorials, tied together. The

poems, and authors. cost is nominal for

This we print in such a splendid bocA, numbers large enough somewhere around to supply all of our $2. In case you cansubscribers who wish not bind them, tie

to preserve their volthem together or preumes in bound form. serve them in a box.

What Will You Have in Your Volume, If You Bind It?

Feature articles, illustrated, 145

Of these the following were especially significant: by President Levi Edgar Young; "Can Seienee nd Religion be

"Women in the Modern World,"by Dr. Lowry Nelson; "A Harmonized,"by Professor Waldemer P. Read; "The Trial of

Message and Greeting From the First Presidency;""George D. Jesus,"by Attorney Jesse Udall; "The Long, Winding Trail."

Pyper,"by Claire W. Noall; "Blood Groupings Among the by the late President A. W. Ivins.

Indians;"by G. Albin Matson; "The Mission of the Book of

Anthology of the An Year's Poetry Spir- J. Ballard; Elder Melvin byMormon,""Jesus—Supreme

J. "International Goodspeed; Dr. ConEdgar by 1 6 1 poems chiefly Latterday by Saint poets—an anthology in issues, in three and by President the How,"J. itself. Whyitualference—theLeader,"

Reuben Clark, Jr.; "Forward View of the Aaronic Priesthood,"

by Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon; "Soil as a Living System,"Dr. Reproductions of Paintings by Twelve Utah Artiste

Thomas L. Martin; "Charls A. Callis,"by Bryant S. Hinck'ey;

"The Kingdom of God,"by Nephi Jensen; "The Lrd Over- "Delphinium,"by Mary Teasdale; "Forms of the Hills,"by

rules,"by Elder Joseph F. Merrill; "It's Worth $3,000 a Year Ranch S. Kimball; "A Mexican Home,"by Cornelius Salisbury;

and Up,"by Earl J. Glade; "Latterday Saint Youth and the 'Wasatch Peaks,"by Joseph F. Everett; "From the Mountain

New Day,"by Oscar W. Kirkham; "The Glorious Possibilities Road,"by Fawn Brimhall McKay; "The Sentinel,"by Jack

for Us in the Religious Crisis,"by Joseph F. Smith; "The ReSears; "Entering the Valley,"by J. B. Fairbanks; "Old Bam

ligicms Crisis of Today,"by Elsie Talmage Brandley; "Morality in HoUaday,"by Verla Birrell; "Peonies and Delphinium,"by

and the New Day,"by Elder Melvin J. Ballard; "Glimpsed in a Ruth Ballard; "Sunny Path,"by Joseph Russon; "Rachel Ivins

Flash,"by Dr. Sterling Talmage; "What Makes an Athlete,"by Grant."by Will Clawson; "The Journey of the Wise Men,"

Coach G. Ott Romney; "The Reminiscences,"of the Late Presiby J. Leo Fairbanks. In addition there is a brief sketch of each

dent, Charles W. Nibley; "A Tribute to Mothers,"by President of these artists.

Heber J. Grant; "In Memory of President A. W. Ivins,"by Ssores of pictures and drawings, more than one hundred, pai

Stephen L. Richards; "In Memory of President Charles H. Hart,"of department material, twelve beautiful cevers.

YOU CAN'T AFFORD NOT TO PRESERVE SUCH A VALUABLE LIBRARY

SPrffSpr;mClmc'WSW-m'Wl

recttnge

For a Happy and Prosperous rWYEAR

MAKE THIS YEAR

A BENEFICIAL YEAR YOUH SAVINGS WILL BRING MORE BENEFICIAL RESULTS, WITH ABSOLUTE SAFETY,

THROUGH BENEFIOAL LIFE INSURANCE THAN BY ANY OTHER METHOD.

Life Insurance Holds First Place as the Nation s

Outstanding Investment Pla

THE BENEFICIAL LIFE HAS BECOME OUTSTANDING

THROUGH THE UBERAL TREATMENT OF ITS POLICYHOLDERS

DIRECTORS DIRECTORS

F. Smith J. Heber Grant

B. F. Grant Clark, J. Reuben

David 0. McKay J. Cannon Geo...m Jos. A. B. Ohisott C. El Ralphs T- mm IMSVRAMCI

HOME OFFICE SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

ii