.

;...::....:...:.:.::....:.;....:.....:....

,:,:.,-,:.:

::''::-; m&:'-:

,"'!*::!'!':, ':'i:,!::::"':'!'!f':'!':v Wm&M:::';'Vv'?:'!"'"r!'"::'

.::"';-:::'";-:::''-;:;—;-jr:.7.:;;:::::r

:"::';:::''!':::!::::!v'.::.::'.:::;:, '!'., ',;;'!'::'!,::''";: ''/MmprooemenriEra

IX

S**k i

Villi:;

eg* TOBER 1947 For Greatest Comfort

Safety G HEAT This Winter Convert Your Present Heating Plant to Gas NOW!

Now is the time to arrange for maximum comfort,

economy and convenience with gas heat, for next winter.

Gas is the ideal heat. It requires no storage; it's clean,

economical, dependable.

eea&t&b GAS eycwwa/zce eamwt &k

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

mtAMUIMRII a ea*y i SCHOOLIeUMKR5P>...tasty

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. nourishing I LUNCHES

HThe United States uses over a billion electric lamp bulbs a year, equal to that used by all the rest oi the world.

HPhere are 370 different proofs of the

Pythagorean theorem that the square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides, according to E. S. Loomis.

A strip of magnesium buried near iron pipe will keep the pipe from rusting.

Tf dill pickles are pasteurized shortly after the curing period, the crispness of flavor is preserved long after unpasteurized pickles have become unsalable due to softness, the North

Carolina Experiment Station has reported.

Genuine diamonds fluoresce different colors in ultraviolet light depending on the impurities present. Blueglowing diamonds have been found to

contain chromium and titanium as principal impurities and aluminium gives a yellow glow. Nonfluorescing

stones are almost pure carbon. SOLVED WITH

r*Tot long before Dr. Albert Francis

Blakeslee retired as president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, he stated: "I

know of no adequate evidence that man today is a better animal physically or mentally than at the dawn of hisBY PURITY tory."

variable condenser German A 1 new

5 electrical and Whether it's the noon lunch at school or the for radio and other electronic equipment promises to be betweenmeal snack when the youngsters get very useful. Made of concentric

aluminium cylinders instead of the conhome... Saltines by Purity meet the demand

ventional flat parallel plates it is smallof busy mothers and satisfy the eager appeer and easier to manufacture. The new

condenser is so well made that when tites of growing, active children. Scores of

the concentric cylinders are slipped precious little bites to eat can be fixed up in together there is no free play between them. a jiffy with nourishing Saltines.

Oobert M. Salter, chief of the Bu-

"reau of Plant Industry, Soils and

Agriculture Engineering, recently estimated that if by 1960 everyone in the world is to have an adequate diet the consumption of phosphate fertilizer would have to be about eight times that BY PURITY at present, and potash about eighteen times. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE

OCTOBER 1947 Jke Lcover

of the growth THE into a Church worldwide religion and the distribution of The QnpvaEftra

Improvement Era on a worldwide scale (see OCTOBER 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 10

653) have page for "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"been simultaneous the fifty years of Era Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement publication. What Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

could be more natural Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of wherever that than the Latterday Saints HARVEST the reached, gospel lifeline of the Church By Myrna Jacoby should be extended I magazine the garnered through Today current includes that ripened of sheaves (Ldltofd Church from messages Jke grain J-a9 l with together leaders of time the Against articles provocative lies that need Albert Smith 638 of God"..George Kingdom 'Seek Ye First the faith will promote that ahead.

and member among for storing up While alike. nonmember

winter earthly acclaimed Widely for its attractive apLkurck realurei needs pearance, the Era dur- I must reap faith against a time of centennial this ing Ideals of David O. True Womanhood The McKay 640

dread. has Church the of year Point Roberts 642 of View in Education B. H. The Mormon its reputa* to lived up

tion. The eleven covEvidences and Reconciliations: CXVI—Are We Progressers that have been ining? John A. Widtsoe 661

tegrated into the unthe Salt of Organization Lake cover Priesthood Melchizedek October 666 usual of Address: Change L. Albert Zobell, Stake, Jr 631 hunthe one epitomize Column..667 Church 632 NoLiquor-Tobacco On. Moves The notice redays'of Fifteen Church years dred Bishopric's Presiding The Gleaner, Kiepe..633 Dear Werner the of adfor and change development Page in History October Church 658 ordering a 668 quireddress. of fifty Era years When

achievement. change, please include

The cover was preaddress slip from a pared by Charles recent issue of the magaJacobsen. special>p reateatured zine. Address changes

cannot be made unless well as old as address the included. one is the new The Centennial Trek—Part II—Conclusion

Wendell J. Ashton 646

Editors Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 648 Executive and Editorial

Albert Offices: George Smith The Improvement Era—Worldwide Missionary Widtsoe John A. Main Street, Harold Lundstrom 653 50 North

Editor Utah. 1, Managing Lake City Square Richard from 654 Salt Temple Spoken L. Evans Word L. Evans The Richard

1947 by MuCopyright of the Migration Hisin American Meaning Mormon The Inc., CorAssistant tual Funds, a Managing

Editor tory Elbert D. Thomas 657 poration of the Young

Doyle L Green What of the Future of America? Arthur V Watkins 658 Men's Mutual Improveof the Association ment Editor Associate the Universe, FrankExploring Postage Homing: Stamps of Christ of Jesus and Church Josephson Marba C. lin L. Harris, 629 Friends, Jr Our Ted McAll Saints. Latterday

Times, These G. Homer DurGeneral Manager Subscripreserved. Donald 662 rights

634 Cook's Corner, Josephine B. ham Q. Morris George tion price, a year, $2.00

the Nichols 662 659 Bookrack On

Associate Manager Patterns Frederick of Progress, Hints Handy 663 copy.in advance; 20c single Cannon Lucy G. 692 C. Wolters, and Ours 659 Your Page Jr

the Post at Entered Business Manager

City, Salt Lake Giles Office, John D.

Utah, as secondclass Editorial Associates for Acceptance Cditonatt matter.

Elizabeth J. Moffrtt of special rate mailing at

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. postage provided for in Harold Lundstrom We Are Half a Century Old This Month...John A. Widtsoe 660 section 1 103, Act of Oc1917, authorized tober National Advertising The Matter of Learning Marba G Josephson 660 July 2, 1918.

Representatives Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

San Francisco and atones, J-oetru solicitedis not responsiblemanuscripts,for unbut Los Angeles

Dougan and Bolle, welcomes contributions.

Chicago and "All Is Well! All Is Well!"Susa Young Gates 644

All manuscripts be must New York Hole in the Rock—Chapter X Anna Prince Redd 650 suffiaccompanied by

Member, Audit Bureau of Harvest, Myrna Jacoby 630 Recompense, Helen B.Adams..649 cient postage for delivery

Circulations Frontispiece: Utah, the BeauPoetry 656 and return.

tiful, John Sherman WalkImmigrant's Child, Dale Suther 636 era.658

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '9 til Build for life...cut costs 4 ways with araamzauon 4

SALT LAKE STAKE KAISER ALUMINUM ROOFING

By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

"There had been stakes of Zion in the East—eleven of them, beginning with the Kirtland Stake—and as

the exodus from Nauvoo moved forward, the stake organization plan moved with the Saints. There was a

high council functioning the winter of 184647 in Winter Quarters, and that city was divided into twentytwo bishops'wards.

At a special conference held in the

Bowery on Salt Lake City's Temple

Square, August 22, 1847, it was decided that if John Smith, an uncle of the Prophet Joseph Smith, came to the valley that fall, he should preside over the Saints in the new settlement.

Four days later, August 26, President Brigham Young and many others started east to join their families at

Winter Quarters. President Young's

group met several companies of the westwardmoving—spiritual feasts—wereSaints andheldmeetingswith

them. One of the most important of

these meetings was held at Pacific Now you can modernize permanently 2. It requires no maintenance—cannot

Springs, September 6, 1847, with... for less. warp, rot, shrink or rust.

Brother Smoot's hundred andAbraham Its bright painted. be 3. Need never light, this cost, than original Other fifty,Robinson's where Smith was John gives to a rich gray, weathers appearance siding roofing and aluminum in strong the preside to Saintsappointed over

lasting beauty. buildings a in at least four ways: savings brings you his after Salt Valleythe Great Lake

arrival there. A high council was also I. Kaiser Aluminum Roofing lasts a 4. It is a nearperfect insulant.

appointed at this meeting. lifetime when properly applied. EngiCompare Kaiser Aluminum Roofing

On October 3, 1847, soon after the neered especially for western farm and with any other roofing or siding material.

arrival of several immigrant companies ranch building, it stands up against all You'll find its longlasting economy, in the valley, another conference was weather. Not clad, not veneered—it is lightness, strength and beauty make it far

held, and there John Smith was sussolid aluminum sheet. superior. Best of all, first cost is last cost.

tained as the president of the Salt Lake

Stake of Zion comprising the Saints Corrugated and 5-V crimp, 26"wide, is available in lengths of 72", 96", 12<t'and 144".

in the Great Basin. President Smith's

counselors were Charles C. Rich and HINTS ON BUILDINGJohn Young.

There were four wards.in the stake WITH ALUMINUM

at first, all located in the Old Fort. Whanto wood,fasteninguse aluminumaluminumnailsroofingwith andneoprenesiding

nailswifhThe high council immediately became suitablewashers (galvanized—zincwashers may also coatedbe used).

the lawmaking body of the commuIf aluminum must come in contact with other with concrete, masonry, or green with surfaces shouldnity, because there was no other, and metals—orlumber—the be insulated

legislated in everyday as well as secumaterial.bituminous paint or some other suitable

lar matters. For instance, the high Aluminum should be stored in a dry place

council passed the following ordinance and the sheets stood on end.

on January 25, 1848: Kaiser Aluminum Roofing is not a substitute ForKaiserfullAluminuminformationRoofing,on the seeapplicationyour localof

Be it ordained, that no person is entitled for any other metal or materials. It is their roofing dealer, or write: Permanente

buildProducts pens, Company, Roofing Division, OakTroughs, first last will fuel than to theto him more land T2, California. better or other be things—canculverts,utility successor.ings—scores to poles or 1848, of or Octoberday more Roofing. Kaiser Aluminum made with

will for histimber present answer than fencing or building, unless by permission of the Council, under penalty of a sum not Build now with light, strong, longlasting less than five or exceeding five hundred dollars, at the discretion of the judge or judges.

That same day, laws were passed Kaiser Aluminum Roofing prohibiting cattle to graze on a neighbdr's field. {Concluded on page 656) a Permanente Metals product

OCTOBER 1947 631

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Church Radio Series missionary assembly room, now

Tlder Hugh B. Brown, associate located on the fourth floor will occupy

professor of political science and the space of the light well on the third of religion at Brigham Young Univerfloor.

series 7, a September sity, began, of the Missions Church New nine at on discussions radio of KSL greetin season's the s promised was A evening, M.S.T. o'clock Sunday the First Presidency, ings the from serviceman's former Brown, Elder organization the brought 1947 has of year president twotime coordinator and

activifields missionary of of new two selected "Rahas Mission, British the Finare the for the Church. They ty his title of general the as Faith"tional

nish Mission, the organization of which series. was announced May 16, and the UruCanadian Mission guay Mission, announced May 17.

"Ployed G. Eyre has been appointed Henry A. Matis, second counselor

by the First Presidency as president in the Chicago Stake presidency, was of the Canadian Mission, with headcalled as president of the Finnish Misquarters at Toronto. He succeeds sion.

President Octave W. Ursenbach, who

will return to his home in Lethbridge,

Alberta. President Ursenbach was recently sustained as president of the

Lethbridge Stake. PRESIDENT

HENRY A.

THE BRIGHTEST, PRETTIEST GLOSS MATIS you've ever seen I And it stays glossy j long after ordinary enamel dulls

;.:;:,., PABCO40

Frederick S. Williams of South

Gate, California, former president of the Argentine Mission, was named as

OCTAVE W. URSENBACH FLOYED G. EYRE president of the Uruguay Mission.

rado, is of Finnish descent. He was ENAMEL President Eyre has been principal of President Maris, a native of ColoSince in 1933. to the converted Church for the at Ogden Seminary the Weber

in active the has that time been he he to that Prior years. nineteen past

aided in the establishment of seminaries Mutual Improvement Association, in at both Hinckley and Delta, Utah, and genealogical work, and in priesthood the is without bishop the quorums. of a former Brushes on He Academy Luis the San of principal heavy, was enamel! ordinary armtiring"drag"of University Stake, Chicago and Ward, past the For Colorado. at Manassa, marks. Leaves Selfleveling. no brush the of high council that of a member of a member been has years he twelve dustfree! Dries quickly—stake. is and general board the Y.M.M.I.A.

0H0NVY- -LONGER WFill?* at present, chairman of the speecharts President Matis will be installed, and

committee of that board. the new mission established under the

Covers far more area than orPresident Eyre filled a mission to (Concluded on page 659) dinary enamel. So durable that it California beginning in 1926. Going to

abuse, withstands boiling chemicals, steam, washings,water—mild Torontowife. Theto presidecouple willwith alsohim willtakebetheirhis

or marring chipping, without daughter, disyoungest Lael. PRESIDENT outindoor and it on Apply coloring. FREDERICK

success! complete with surfaces Building door Church Office S.

"Plansr the Churchfor theOfficeremodelingBuilding,of 47partEastof WILLIAMS * CinDek "400"is the supreme achievement of more than 50 South Temple, have been announced.

years of Pabco paint research The changes, when completed in—the finest enamel we have 1948, will enable the Presiding Bishopever made.1 ric and their staff to move to the fourth

and fifth floors of the Church Office

THE PARAFFINS COMPANIES* INC. Building.

STREET'475 BRANNAN the contemplates The remodeling.CALIFORNIA;''SAN. FRANCISCO'.!?'* light wells of the spacious flooringover

on the third, fourth, and fifth floors. A

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hold to the ideals of the Church. Of tell me that they are afraid that a boy

course, they like girls who are good won't call on them again if they are company; a girl who is friendly—one unwilling to compromise with the ideals

hold to laugh, too taught not not loud been can and have they which who is certainly priv- a Xt often, at important. him; but not too with him one most

ilege for honor an me, and an Men M are girls like finds living in sees joy and Second, who who who Men M,'leader, It this to write you month. may

life those in of the the pretty, not are but natural; makes good and most who

firstsurprise at that a should you man like is all neither situation; on. every tempts put one They beauty who whoseintrude into has exclusively been what

is evil. dressed, things appropriately are girls nor tempted which are by who

activity, femininea but assured be M all is this girls time burden Surely a place a heavy not when but we who fine spirit also the have enjoyedMen benefit hereafter supcounteracting the or temptaby those now upon whoof letters preceding their friendly with us. tions is to to courteous and are which her; bound come port one whocounsel timely suggestions. and You is not entirely overdo, not polite wrong does who but Any Man who Mare vital so to the allaround program try to glass pleasant, is tempts of or Gleaner a a too one who one whoof the that know much Men we M beer, cigaret, not to or or to does one scrapes; smoke one smirks who and

fordepends upon associayou happy girl insist familiarities supercilious; of is a upon unbecoming or bored look

intions future. the

it is for standards; and in our so a but her is manner wrong democratic who

As you follow your Gleaner proGleaner to give encouragement to the in her thinking, one who shows respect gram through the coming year, there is M Man to do these things on the asto parents, and older people, who remuch joy in store for you if you will but sumption that this would be fun and it flects a love of children and who is realize that the prayerful planning doesn't mean anything to try it once genuinely interested in the world about which has gone into the lessons, the or do it occasionally. Some young her, and who can express a considered

separate comraderies and Golden people have been tempted to do these opinion about important issues in life.

jointGleaner activities, work and are things of the impression they because are Man These M helpful benefitfor your happiness. and Perhaps hoped from hears leader they would upon a commake the thingsM Men.an Speaking of M Men—would you panion. Usually the impression is the you have heard them too. Each Gleanlike to know what M Men think and opposite from the one desired. Young er, solving her own life problems, can

say about the ideal Gleaner, their men have been guilty of making young improve her personality, make herself dream girl, that each is seeking to find? women dates uncomfortable by bemore popular with young worthwhile

Out of many personal contacts and littling the teachings of parents, of their Latterday Saint men, if she will but from many M Men class discussions teachers in school and in church in the apply them prayerfully to her own life.

I have found certain outstanding points matter of the clean life and moral I wish you much success.

that these fine fellows have said are of standards. However, fellows tell me Cordially yours,

first importance to them. In this letter that they are afraid not to make ad-

I will touch upon two: vances because they think that the girls

First, M Men approve Gleaners who will think them a poor date, and girls

FOR THE FINEST OF BASKETBALL EQUIPMENT

FOR 194748 COMPETITION M-MEN

BASKETBALL BASEBALL

FOOTBALL SOFTBALL GOLF TENNIS

A NEW NAME IN SPORTING GOODS DISTRIBUTION

PLACE YOUR ORDERS NOW AT ANY OF THESE BENNETT STORES:

BENNETT'S, Salt Lake City BENNETT'S, Ogdea BENNETT'S, Provo LOGAN HARDWARE,

Logan IDAHO GLASS & PAINT CO., Pocatello EASTSIDE GLASS & PAINT CO.. Idaho Falls.

OCTOBER 1947 633 day Review of Literature, declared:

"There is one way, and only one way, THESE TIMES to achieve control of destructive atomic

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM energy, and that is through centralized

Director of the Institute of Government, world government."

University of Utah,rpHE doctrine of world government immediately leaped forth in imTouring 1938 Clarence K. Streit was portant discussions and shortly thereinvited to deliver the Cooper after many groups of world federalists

.% Foundation lectures at Swarthmore came into being. The world federalists

x College, Pennsylvania. Streit, ace corargued that they had a more satisfacrespondent for the New York Times, tory answer than "centralized world

had spent the period between the two government,"and at the same time, a satisfactory the than answer world wars covering U. of League Namore WITH m the light of in the tions affairs. N., which, atomic interCombining a keen

est in the juridical aspects of world bomb, seemed pale and merely another order with a love of peace inspired by League. Federalism, argue the federal-

a Quaker heritage, a proposal for a ists, provides the unique method and federal union of certain national states political doctrine whereby diverse

Moisturevapor-proof LOCKERAPLocks was embodied in his Cooper lectures. groups, cultures, languages, even ecoin the natural juices of frozen meats, fish, The results were subsequently pubnomic systems organized in separate

fowl and game... keeps them looking and lished by Harper and Brothers Comstates, may cooperate effectively to

tasting FRESH! Get easyto-use, economipany in 1939 as the book Union Now. attain a jural order of the world. Alcal LOCKERAP at your grocer's or at your bert Einstein, Republican Supreme

favorite locker plant. Tn Union Now Streit argued from the Court Justice Roberts, Grenville Clark,

Handy Guide to Correct Wrapping American experience in creating a and other distinguished Americans, anfederal constitution, that the nations of nounced themselves during autumn, the world face a similar problem in our 1945, as favoring some form of world 1: sheet Use STEP larga day. The League idea had proved inauthority.

to around wrap enough TWICE. Place meat sufficient. Law and order did not reclose to end of paper sult from voluntary state agreements P\uring 1946 the movement spread unroll once. over and BE in after Europe 1919 than any more til interthe one of becomes it now SURE THAT WAXED they resulted the from state voluntary political esting the of midphenomena IS SIDE NEXT MEAT. TO

of agreements earlier an American twentieth century. Colleges uniand

league called the "Articles of Confedversities have held conferences on the

Streit, eration."therefore, proposed subject. British Responsible cabinet

in side Tuck 2: one STEP the framing of a constitution the and officers declared for have themselves sure paper. of Be to entering the of Atlantic North democprinciple. the Constitution French tightly creose tuck The and

securely, insuring airracies into a federal union, as an apof October 1946 provides a clause entight Sealing seal. air to solving proach the problems of inabling the to nation enter fed- a world

is essential to procut dividual freedom, democracy, peace, its eration to "surrender"and sovtection of flavor.

times. and prosperity in our ereignty for In such a purpose. the

November election, Massachusetts votTn July 1939, two months before Hitler ers approved a resolution favoring invaded Poland, a membership asso- a world federal government by a maciation, Federal Union, Incorporated, jority of nine to one. During 1947 the

was formed to further the basic promovement has continued to grow and posals for federal union. Thus was attract attention.

given expression in a primary way the proposals for "world federalism."The

3: Roll STEP half meat tightlywith Seal 4: STEP unique political fundamental and has war witnessed an amazing growth HThe

over again tuck and string. or with Label in tape doctrine of the concept. of this American constituside ether of wrapper. soft pencil or crayon.

tion is federalism. The dream of man

A s the outlines of the United Nations has been given real experience on a emerged from the Moscow Connational scale under the American **"!? PaperP* tonferenceOaks(OctoberConference1943),at Washington,the DumbarConstitution.not be achievedWorldin a dayfederalismnor a year.will Precis D.C. (AugustOctober 1944), and was World law and order cannot be atfinally given substance in the Charter tained by the fiat of a world constituframed at San Francisco, AprilJune tional convention any more than fed1945, "world federalism"did not ateral law and order was attained in the

tract unusual attention. A sense of satUnited States in 1787. It required three

isfaction with the U.N. appeared to generations of toil and diligent labor

dominate popular thought until August followed by the fires of a "Whiskey 6, 1945. On that date, the news of the Rebellion"and a bloody civil war to

atomic bomb became public. attain that solution. World federalists

that federal a order world hope WESTERN CO. PAPER WAXED

PORTLAND LOS ANGELES OAKLAND similar to the editorial entitled might American model an Tn "Modern Man Division Corp, CrownZellerbach civil achieved without be war. But Is Obsolete"18, 1945, dated August

Norman Cousins, editor of the Satur- {Concluded on page 676) 634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V

Wbj&fi*

Gmrf*"

Chevron Supreme is wonderful for weekend jaunts because it's climatetaiioued to fit driving conditions wherever I go...

besides, the Chevron National Credit

Card helps hoard my allowance! /j**

Every time I wanted the car, the gas tank was empty. Funny thing... since

we switched to ChevronSupreme, I seem to go farther between refills. (That's

Chevron Supreme's long mileage.)

%>. 7 Carburetors and things are so bewildering! I felt

futile when the car balked. Now, Chevron Supreme

starts it in a flash. (Its vaporizing ability is controlled to suit the seasons, Mrs. Harrison.)

rib*"G**

I blossom on Chevron Supreme Gasoline it's actually a number of gasolines blended to give premium performance in smoothness, power and driving ease under every road condition.

Its goodgoing on

CHEVRON isTANDARD GAS STATION Xstations

Stop at Independent Chevron Dealers or Standard Stations, Inc.

for Standard of California products. SUPREME GASOLINE

OCTOBER 1947 635 UTAH, Jke vDeautiful

By JOHN SHERMAN WALKER

reliquary holds an old romance Across the valley, Emigration Peaks,&arth's

Illumed with jewels in bold intaglio In reminiscence of the pioneer,

Writ by the rain... and wind... and avalanche, Reecho words a prophet leader speaks;

Deep carven into ageless curio; And down the trails of time one still may hear

Here left upon the tapestry, timewove, An oxdrawn Conestoga, as it moves,

In nature's antiquated treasure trove. Through passing history's rataplan of hooves.

fingers pause at this primordialThe acquiesce, is the page, "This heavens place"—the high Uintah's snowincrested sceneOf silhouette the valley here As shadows

Where pinelanced King's Peak cavaliers converge And, one by one, the sequin stars lend their finesse

In royal regalia of evergreen;

To night's montage upon the evening sphere While from their stately summits queen peaks... arid now gaze Until the western stage is set

Into the million mirror lake arrays. The moon above the Wasatch makes a bow.

it was called,Turn then a page, to canyons of the north, The Sleeping Woman mountain,

To sylvan streams with mossy verdigris By Indians, at their campfires, as they told

Engrailing sprayfilled waters gushing forth The legend to an audience enthralled,

Below the labyrinth of ancient trees; While patiently they heard the myth unfold.

To topaz lakes and sparkling sapphire pools There Timpanogos still in slumber lies,

With silver flashing trout in sportive schools. With glacial robe... where Utah Lake streams

rise.

Senescent lies the Great Salt Lake, in dreams

Of ks magnificence when earth was young; Turn toward the south... there is a land of trees

When Bonneville's great waters shaped the That tower to the ultimate of space schemes Tall ponderosa pines... blue spruce... and firs

Of terraced mountain slopes, where seaweed Whose variegated branches interlace clung; To shade secluded pool and forest lane

Now, all remaining, is a seagull's cry The deer and elk herds claim as their domain.

From whitewinged phantom in the flaming sky.

*SS!SSSiiS 636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The vast, intriguing stretches of San Juan Bewitching Bryce, in color unsurpassed,

Leave spellbound those who look upon its face, Bewilders with its kaleidoscope of hues,

Which, Colorado waters, surging on And figures out of fantasy, quaint cast

Through centuries, have sculptured in grimace. In flaming stone, with mundane names men use

Traverse, in thought, this cactuscluttered sand The Silent City... Fairyland... and on

With Father Escalante's valiant band Queen's Garden—with inadequate aplomb.

Where foaming rapids swiftly catapult Mukuntuweap, the marvelous, here stands

And rivers wind in goosenecks crazily; Celestial Zion, classic cynosure

Where hills leap down in dizzy somersault Of all the earth's predominating lands

And ruins rim horizons hazily, Renowned in story of the red man's lore

Where dwelled the cavemen for an ancient Where looms enshrined in monumental stone span, The crowning glory of the Great White Throne.

Who left but mystery to modern man.

A country where the Indian still roams AndThe bookleave isunmarred,ended.. for. closeothersit carefullyto enjoyOn shaggy mustang pony, as before, Where western winds will burnish airily,

And through barbaric nights, from mesa domes Nor any element its worth destroy;

The drone of tomtom carries, as of yore. Each view conjuring up a reverieWhere windreamed rocks form bridges for Each chapter an enduring memory..

the gods And states'four corners blend their common sods.

Look to the west... upon a blue expanse

Of heavens strung with golden cumuli

On sunenamored pinnacles that glance

Into reflecting lakes, which tranquil lie,

Remotely peaceful, in a world of hasteInviting wild things... and proud man..

taste.

Another sun will rise on Cedar Breaks,

But none more lovely, till the world shall cease,

Than here, unveiling, as the Artist takes

The drapes of night from this, his masterpiece;

Vermilion, white, deep rose and coral glow

From tinted cliffs of towering cameo.

OCTOBER 1947 637 \\SEEK YE FIRST THE KINGDOM OF GOD

From An M.I.A. June Conference Message

Dm [-'resident (ueorae Gilbert Smith

JL HI'his responsibility fills me with few opportunities and privileges there were, anxiety, addressingT myself as I do to the men having had to abandon what was looked upon and women whose lives are devoted to saving in the east as the most desirable of all to civilization and preparing the sons and daughcome out here to live with the savage red man ters of the living God for eternal happiness and the wild beasts, said to my grandfather, in the Celestial Kingdom. "I am surprised to find your people in a place "Seek ye first"—not last—"Seek ye first like this. Why did you come here?"

the kingdom of God, and his righteousness"Grandfather looked at him, smiled, and and all other things are promised us that are said: "We came here willingly because we

worth while. had to."

When I think of the blessings that our That was the way people looked upon that

Heavenly Father has bestowed upon us durmigration. It was a terrible thing to be driven

ing the little more than a hundred years since out, but if we were to be driven again, there the gospel was restored in these last days, they is no place in all the world that we could go are almost unbelievable. Our people left soto that would be as delightful for us to live in

called civilization, although it was not a very as the place we are in now. That was because

good brand of civilization, and it was called your forebears and mine sought first the kingChristianity, but it was not the very best. dom of God and his righteousness.

But the Saints came out, leaving the comforts I wonder sometimes if our young people and blessings of what would have been deappreciate what we have. I have had in my

lightful homes if they had been permitted to office recently strangers of importance from worship God according to the dictates of their different parts of the United States. They

conscience, but repeatedly they had been say only beautiful, complimentary things driven from their homes as though they were about what they see here. They marvel at

outlaws. The fact was they were being driven what we enjoy. I could tell you dozens of

by those who were outlaws. experiences that I have had with some of the

They landed out here in this, at that time most prominent people of the United States desert country, but they came because they who express themselves in the same manner.

had faith in God. They believed he would I was riding in the private car of the presifulfil his promise, "But seek ye first the kingdent of a great railroad in the east. He saw

dom of God, and his righteousness; and all me coming into the railway station. His prithese things shall be added unto you."(Matt. vate car was on the end of the train, and he

6:33.) was standing on the platform of the car. He

Each one of us is a child of our Heavenly knew I was coming out that evening, but I

Father. He is the Father of our spirits. We had intended to come on a later train. I was

all belong to the royal family and may conin the city of New York, that onetime village tinue to be members of it if we will. When I back there that has outgrown itself, and he

think of what has been accomplished in these said: "Come this way. This is where you are

valleys, in this western part of America, in a to ride."

hundred years, it seems almost unbelievable. And I said, "All right. Thank you."I knew

I may illustrate it by an incident that haphow much better it was than a chair car.

pened after the people had been here a He reached down and took my hand and short time. A prominent man who was had his porter come and take my luggage and

familiar with the homes of our people in the put it in the car. When I went in, I found a

east came and looked over this sagebrush very prominent man and woman. This was

country, and seeing how desolate it was, how at the beginning of the World War II, and

638 In EDITORS PHBE THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

it,The Editor's Page and I was counted among that numvelous fund of information about ber. and it is explained to us that the very

the man was over here looking after I happened to be his associate in height of joy and happiness in this the interests of Great Britain. He the National Society of the Sons of life and in the life to come will be

was a guest of the president of the the American Revolution. He was the.result of honoring him and keeprailroad. the presidentgeneral, and I was the ing his commandments, in other

I was amazed when I got in. First vice presidentgeneral. So we travwords, in observing the rules that he

of all, we had a fine dinner as the eled together throughout the coungave to the Church of Jesus Christ train pulled out. Then we went out try. This was his first opportunity of Latterday Saints.

into the parlor end of the car, and the to let me know how he had been afWe have everything to gain. We

president said to these people: "Mr. fected, and so we had our dinner, his lose nothing by keeping the comSmith, here, is my Mormon friend. I birthday dinner. He had the postmandments of God,

wish you could know some of the master; he had the mayor; he had his This great Tabernacle (there is

things that he could tell you."own minister, and a number of other nothing else like it in all the world That is why he had invited me people. was built by our forebears in the

to get on his car. He wanted them He passed cigars around to all the midsf of their poverty. Even to this

to us, he all about what people. and knew know given After he them had architects day, as the builders and

tellthinking not he could it, he asked light said: to up, a he chance "Now, this realize great roof examine and

I their I talked, tellme. answered and something. Mr. want to you We that it to cut and be measured had

questions beexplained and what represents the we of Smith Church Jesus it fitted the before on and ground lieve, us, for the Lord done had what Saints, of Christ Latterday it that here, put they marvel up comwas are. aspirations hopes our andwhat the as monly known Mormon they done, could because be had

out,If I left friend anything folks tonight Church. I wanted my you

would say, "Now, what about this?"to hear from one of the members of supposed that our people when they ignorant out here peowere an came

like class attorney a first that they stand for ChurchHe was just what tell not us that do ple. They any

I a brief whileholding was pleading are doing."they and what

my case. And then he started in. He said: more.

Finally, Sir David Meek ( for that "I have traveled with him; I have This is only one of the blessings

was the Britisher's name) said, slept in the same room with him; we we have enjoyed all these years. The

addressing my railroad president have eaten at the same table; we music of the gfeat organ which along

friend, "Are you a member of the have been banqueted by the same with the voices of the Tabernacle

Mormon Church?"groups. I have had a chance to Choir has been broadcast to the

And he said: "No."watch him."He said: "He doesn't world is another blessing. You can-

"Well, I am amazed after what swear; he honors the Sabbath day; not think of anything that we do not

you say about it and what you think he doesn't drink; he doesn't smoke."have in this country that is worth

about these people. I want to know He continued: "He is the most conwhile. All that the world has, we

why you don't belong to that sistent Christian that I have ever have, plus the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Church."known."What does that mean? It means it

is the only system, it is the rule of My friend looked him in the eye, Imagine being put in a place like and he said: "Because I am not good that without any warning! Well, of conduct laid down by our Heavenly

enough."course I was expected to tell these Father, not to make us rich in this

Because of his experience and his people what they might not have world's goods but to prepare us for acquaintanceship with our people his wanted to know at all. For about eternal happiness in the Celestial

standards had been lifted, and he half an hour I explained to them that Kingdom when this world that we looked upon us as better than the we believe in God the Eternal Father are in becomes that kingdom.

ordinary group. and in his Son Jesus Christ and in And so I am asking: Are we

Now, that is only one person. I the Holy Ghost, and so on, taking prepared for that kingdom? Is there

could tell you many such experiour Articles of Faith. I have thought anything that we have left undone?

itences. I have had men invite groups of that experience many times. If there is, we ought to be doing

to'their homes and give dinners in When I finished, that group knew because we do not know when the order that we might have a good something about what we believe, opportunity to do it will have passed time. Before we finished, I found and they also knew something about away.

out that the purpose was to give me the standards of living of the Think of what happened over a chance to preach Mormonism. One Church. Tonight I am asking myself there in Japan when a bomb was

case was very amusing. The group the question: "How many of us are dropped on a community. Thouhad been gathered by one of the living up to those standards as we sands of people were destroyed inmost prominent men in the United should?"stantaneously. That is the kind of

States at that time. He had a lovely How many of us are doing what world we are living in, and nothing

the power of our Heavenly Fahome, and we had dinner there—it we know we ought to do? The peobut

was his birthday, and there were ple of the world know little or ther can preserve us from destrucseveral people from other states; he nothing about the gospel of Jesus tion, and the destruction of the physhad invited some particular friends, Christ. God has given to us a mar- {Continued on page 688)

OCTOBER 1947 639 aptly are the words writHowten thousands of years ago in tribute to another woman, Z)L IDEALS of in general, apply butwomen I now them to Sister Ruth May Fox: derstand how you have been so dein the East and came with that unthat fortunate handcart ceived."company

find for can a virtuous woman? Who the in the storms caught on Well, I need not tell you the was is far rubies. priceher above The heart

of her husband doth safely trust in her, so story. He finally said: "You choose plains of Nebraska and Wyoming,

that he shall have no need of spoil,.. between the Mormons and me."and they saw some of those who

But the light shone also in her had been helped by their means or, in the modern translation, so he soul, and she said: "If that is your placed in temporarily marked graves

shall have gain. decision, I choose the Church."in the morning before the journey

She will do him good and not evil all was continued. And out on the

the days of her life.... Strength and honplains, sometime in September, a

our are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in little baby girl was born to Esther,

time to come. with openeth her She mouth

is her tongue of and members of the company heldwisdom: and in the law

kindness. She looketh well to the ways of a blanket over mother and babe

her household, and eateth not the bread of when the little one was washed and idleness. Her children arise up, and call her dressed.

blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth I think it was about 1907 that I

her. (Proverbs 31:1012, 2528.) sat at the table as a guest of that

I join with all Israel in saying to little baby girl born on the plains,

Sister Fox, "God bless you for what and around her, crowning her with you have done, for what you are, glory, were nine children, and it was

I received inand what your influence will confrom her own lips that tinue to be throughout all Israel."detail the story of her mother and

Perhaps some of you think that her father as I have briefly sketched the impressive drama presented* is it to you. She was Mrs. Leigh of

not based on facts. It is. I do Cedar City.

not know the instance, but as I unThese two are but typical of derstood it, I said in my heart that many others, illustrating the heroism

Esther might have been a young girl "\\7hen that light gets into the and faith of the Mormon women.

in England ninety years ago, and soul it is as a guide, the most reRonald, her sweetheart to whom precious thing in all one's life. Ron- I"ooking among my treasures

she was engaged. Ronald was down ald left England. Back to Australia cently, I picked up a piece of old

in Australia seeking to make his he went, but stopped on his way in homespun cloth. It was woven by

fortune before he would return to Salt Lake City to see for himself, my grandmother. My grandfather

England to take his sweetheart as then continued on and returned a clipped the wool from the sheep out bride, and while he was away she year or so later and investigated for of which the cloth was made. There

heard the message of Mormonism himself. He observed as best as he were no factories in Utah then. The

and with her adopted parents accould the great leader, Brigham nearest factory was over a thousand cepted the gospel. While, let us Young. He sat in the old tabermiles from this city. It was carded

call him Ronald, was in Australia, nacle that was built before the and spun into thread by my grandhe heard the terrible stories about present edifice, and he found out mother who had walked across the the Mountain Meadow Massacre that he had been deceived, that it plains. It was old and threadbare,

and the Danites and polygamy with was he who was in error and not but genuine, not a shoddy thread in which he associated these other Esther. So he returned to England, it.

terrible things. He returned, howasked her forgiveness, and they Recently I saw my daughter and

ever, to England and in high anticiwere married. her husband examining a sample of

pation hastened to his sweetheart's The adopted parents endowed a modern piece of cloth which they home to have her name the wedding them richly, comparatively speaking, wished to use for a special purpose.

day. But she said: "I have somefor those times. And so they preAs LouJean picked the threads apart

thing to tell you first. I have joined pared to come to Utah. When they and examined them closely, she sudthe Church."got to Liverpool, they learned of an denly exclaimed, "Why, this is

"Well, that is all right. I will Emigration Fund, which meant that nothing but paper."Outwardly it

join it with you."if they would travel in handcarts and outshone in newness and attractive-

"No, you do not understand. I not in luxury as they could, seven ness the old piece of homespun, but

have joined the Church of Jesus other families could come for the in reality it was shoddy.

Christ of Latterday Saints."same price that the voyage would What that piece of homespun is

"Well, that is all right. One cost them. He turned to Esther and to a modern substitute for genuinechurch is just as good as another. said: "What shall we do?"ness, fundamental, unchanging virName the day."She said: "We will deposit our tues that have stood the test of ages

"You do not understand. I have funds and take other families with are to promises of pleasure, induljoined the Mormon Church."us. gence, and false ideals of modern

"What?"he said, "I cannot unUnfortunately they were delayed 7* LLamps of Glory, Blanche K. McKey

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TRUE WOMANHOOD

ity, neatness and cleanliness, faith,

Dm [-redldent *UJauLd vJ. love of the beautiful, trust and faith

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY in her children, a perfect lady.

To each daughter, then, her FROM AN ADDRESS GIVEN AT A GENERAL mother seems:

SESSION OF THE JUNE M.I.A. CONFERENCE, 1947 As pure as some serene

Creation minted in the golden moods

Of sovereign artist; not a thought, a touch,

society. Those old fundamental But pure as lines of green that streak the

white ideals genuine. are of them Some first snowdrop's inner leaves—'atOf the are appeal today which to you—Tennysori tractive but false. Outwardly the latNot one of them even imagined, ter seem glamorous and glorious, but

when tested and tried in the scrutiny not one visualized her mother with of experience, there is nothing which teeth and breath stained with nicotine, nor her clothes impregnated remains but the dust of disappointwith the vile fumes of tobacco ment. smoke. It is beyond the imagination This week I presented the follow-

I girls, of these of one as any hope to question ing ten each of daughit still it I find the is same, associate to yours, even beyond A girl, ters, for please "Will you me name

I her Reverently breathe name, in with mother, indulgence views virtues that the adoutstanding you blessed mother. The name held society regarding by modern

I Griffith Fether that mire mother?"did in your—Georgeof promiscuity. sexual "Strength and think higher of I can because no The ideals mentioned by these honor are her clothing, and she shall ideal that a daughter should have

everlasting, girls are genuine, is rejoice in in an time to come."Mother mother, she than her one no whom world. everchanging of Summarized the confidence, worthy love, and In of love the more. should words they are as follow: "Some of the admiration of her daughter because

Tennyson qualities I appreciate in my mothin her youth she ever wore the

Happy he with such a mother! faith in er,"writes one, "first, her willingcrown of virtue.

womankind Beats with his blood, and trust in all things high he highest ideal for our young girls today, as for

Comes easy to him; and though he trip and our mothers who crossed the plains, is love as it

fell.

He shall not bind his soul with clay. may be expressed in marriage and homebuilding.

When each daughter says in her ness to inconvenience herself for I-Jome is the center from which heart others."Note the second: "Her woman rules the world. It is

The holiest words my tongue can frame faith and trust in me. Third, her there she teaches her child selfnoblest thoughts soul The my can claim, faith in the gospel of Jesus Christ. restraint, develops in him the conare to praise the Mnworthy name

More precious than all other. Fourth, cheerfulness; her cheerful fidence and strength that spring

An infant, when her love first came, attitude in face of difficulties. Fifth, from selfcontrol. It is there the

sympathy with what I do, and underchild learns respect for the rights of standing of my problems."And, others. It is in a welldirected home

sixth, "ability to make a lovely that men and women first develop home."a consciousness that true happiness

Just one other sample: lies in conforming one's life to the

Mother has always had complete faith in laws of nature and to the rules of me. She has a strong testimony, great faith, social conduct.

and has always been active in Church or- A married woman who refuses to kind, ganizations. always been She has

thoughtful, gentle, to have children, or who having them understanding, one whom I can always turn, and one whom I neglects them for pleasure or social can always trust, willing to sacrifice all for prestige, is recreant to the highest her children. She has set me the perfect calling and privilege of womankind.

example of clean living, never having The home is the best place in the alcohol, or tobacco, touched stimulating world to teach the highest ideals in drinks. appreciation, taught She me a love,

and understanding of the gospel while very the social and political life of man;

young. She has always given me encournamely, perfect liberty of action so

agement, inspiration, and a desire to live long as you do not trespass upon the life in its fulness through love and service rights and privileges of another.

to my fellow men. Home is the best place to inculNote the summary: Unselfishcate true religious ideals. The great

ness, honesty, patience, congenial- {Continued on page 686)

OCTOBER 1947 641 his own origin, nature, and destiny;

his'relationship to the past, to the present, to the future; his relationship to Deity, to his fellow men and

to the universe. And then from this

relaof ascertained ground vantageMORMON POINT OF VIEW position to a go tionships he is in

IN EDUCATION forthuntil allconqueringthings areandsubduedto conquerunder his feet—except, as it is said of

Christ,

... he is expected, which did all things

A Fifty Year Feature subduedunder him.untoAndhim,whenthen allshallthingsthe Sonshallalsobe

FROM THE IMPROVEMENT ERA himselfthings underbe subjecthim, thatuntoGodhimmaythatbeputall allin

PART 1, VOLUME 2, PAGE 119, DECEMBER 1898 all. (I Cor. 15:27, 28.)

effect for a what Think moment of teaches implies title subject Mormonism the of man—the a have doctrines these upon must spirit as it man's that regards fact different a holdThe that Mormons education; of people's views Man's Deity, offspring of and verily the education to as of point view in spirit, offspring not Deity the of

spirit existence bethat that an had in the is received which thatfrom actually sense, mystical as but any flesh; that in it the tabernacled fore educato as be cannot Thisworld. earth is the child as any so on much is immortal, a spirit nature by man's agrees itself. world wholetion The parents! his offspring of blaze of Deity the from struck spark writreading, is not educationthat

incline further Morhigher evening, himself—would or arithmetic—or Tn a preexistent state, as a spirit, spiritual the proper lanmons to regard and chemistrymathematics,

guages added. Everybody concedes development or spiritual education man lived through long ages

that it is the proper training and full of man as being of first importance. how long we do not know. But in

that preexistent state he lived anddevelopment of the whole—man It should further be observed that

physically, mentally, and spiritually, as it is taught in Mormon theology doubtless learned much of the unithe latter including moral developthat the spirit of man is by nature verse.

ment or education. immortal and had an existence beThen there came a time, when, in

If there is anything distinct in the fore this present one, so is it taught order for further development, the

Mormon point of view in education, that this life is a probation—one of spirit must tabernacle in flesh and

it must be in respect of which of the the departments, in fact, of God's learn the lessons that a probation in three great departments of man's great university, through which men a world of sorrow, trial, pain, sin, education is placed first or emphaare destined to pass in the course of sickness, and death has to teach;

sized. And when it is taken into actheir eternal and progressive existthat man might learn to love truth,

count that the Mormon people are ence. In which, though I would not by seing it in contrast and in conconnected with the greatest religious disparage the value of book lore, flict with error; that he might learn

movement of this or any other age and what commonly passes in the to love virtue, by seeing it in conconflict are that he there with vice; trast and for polite education, for world claims which movement—a

everlastto appreciate learn might matters than book more important being the than itself nothing less dispensation of the fulness of times, learning and a mastery of the curing life, by coming in contact with in which all things in Christ will be ricula of our academies and univerand submitting for a moment to gathered into one—it will not be

difficult to forecast what department of education Mormonism makes of hatever principle of intelligence we attain unto first importance. this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection.

Essentially a religious people and And if a person gains more knowledge and intelcharged with the evangelization of ligence in this life through his diligence and obedience the world to their faith, it can not than another, he will have so much the advantage in be otherwise than that the words of the world to come. (D. & C. 130:18, 19.)

the key to their will the psalmist beeducation—"The in of view point

fear of the Lord is the beginning of sities. Even these more weighty death; that he might learn to walk

wisdom"; (Psalm 111:10) and they matters, however, are nevertheless, by faith through the midst of doubt;

might not object to the marginal in the way of education, but relate make probability the basis of action, rendering of the passage—"The more especially to the spiritual and rather than absolute knowledge; and

fear of the Lord is the principal part moral development of man than to learn to trust the wisdom and goodof knowledge."Or in the words of his mental training. ness of God, where the Divine ProvJob, "Behold, the fear of the Lord, In other words, it is of first imidence cannot be followed in abthat is wisdom; and to depart from portance, from the Mormon point of solute certainty, and by the light of

evil is understanding."(Job 28:28.) view in education, that the student reason, and, above all, to demonMoreover, the conception which be taught the truth about himself, strate his fidelity to God in all the

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will also teach those less advanced of view in education emphasizes theThe Mormon Point of than himself; and thus, learning on spiritual education of man to the

View in Education the one hand from those more exneglect of his intellectual and physiperienced and wiser than himself cal education. Nor do Mormonsvariety of trying circumstances in

other teaching the on and those not intellectual regard physical and edulife; this in placed hewhich be may far himself, so as advanced in cation less man esteem than other peothat himself he prove worthy may stands, to according is It docple do. Mormon not of a case esteeming eternal thatof exceeding weight and

in the of eternal midst prointellectual physical and education is that gloryof of for prepared God of son mingling God, less, of but spiritual esteeming edutrine,gression—aall those wellpatience and who by the with conjointheir Gods, and I cation more. think other no people fill shall their thedoing of measure

is, all in with that them past whether are more impressed the with imporin life. thiscreation

is or that or present which to come. tance of mental physical and dealso the doctrine of View Mormon this in light, then Look upon man velopment than are the Latterday future existence wellman's as as reveals of as doctrine him, It Mormon Saints. their great was prophethis existence, past the purposes and

is likely to the be and what Mormon first Smith the Joseph to was who life. hisof present In docMormon in of point education? view Unis teach that "a saved man faster no

is,trine the resurrection that of man, the questionably broadest very view than he gets if knowledge, and he its his resurrection ofthe body, and lift It all will possible. of thoughts does not get will knowlege, he be is spirit, with theunion myth; no

utilifar the education above mere into captivity brought evil by some is life futurethe of tobe land no power in the other world, as evilshadows and unreality. But it is to

be an existence where we shall live spirits will have more knowledge, and consequently more power, thanin all the warmth and fulness of many men who are on earth."(Millife; where we shall eat and drink,

even as the risen Redeemer did; lennial Star, Vol. xix, p. 321.)

He was the first to say:where we shall see and hear and

feel and make use of all the faculties It is impossible for a man to be saved in and senses of the mind, and experiignorance. (D. & C. 131:6.)

ence and enjoy all the sentiments of The first to say, so far at least as the heart; where we shall stand each I know:in his own identity—knowing and

being known; where we shall build Whatever principle of intelligence we

and inhabit; visit with our friends 1 * inattainthe untoresurrection.in this life,Andit ifwilla personrise withgainsus

and be visited by them in return; more knowledge and intelligence in this life

SCHOOLYOUNG'S OF BRIGHAM A SKETCH shall travel from sphere hiswhere through diligence we obedience and than

A. F. EVERETT JOSEPH BY HOUSE

another, will he have the soto much planetary advansys- one sphere—from

tage in the world to come. (D. 130: & C. to universe onetem another—from It will tarian of notion education. 18, 19.)

willto another pardon (if you insist reading, bemerely the not on apparent error of speech); where cause it may be a prevention against This is said of knowledge in genwe shall learn something of the bebeing taken in; on writing, that one eral, and evidently applies, not only

ginningless past, and something of may sign checks and bonds and to knowledge of facts either moral an eternal future; something of write business letters; on arithmetic, or intellectual, but also to an appliworlds that have been, and worlds that one may cast up accounts and cation of this knowledge of facts to

yet to be; where we shall look upon compute interest; or chemistry, that conduct, that is, to applied knowlmatter organized into innumerable one may keep a drugstore. Educaedge, either of an intellectual or

suns and planetary systems; and tion to the Mormon must ever mean moral character.

where we shall see it rolling and more than this severely commercial tumbling in reckless, heaving, or utilitarian view of it. [ ooking at the scope of knowledge

shapeless chaos, covered with blackin the field to which Mormonism point of in eduview Mormon HThe to waitingness, be spoken, some day, devinvites—nay, commands—its cation past will regard and into man's order,into organized and otees to enter, one must be struck

worlds to be inhabited by the chilman's future and will arrange its with the comprehensiveness of iU dren of the Gods. Man's future excurriculum of instruction with referfor it seems to me that it covers

istence, according to Mormon docence to both that past and future. every possible source from which

trine, contemplates all this, and And it will and does emphasize the knowledge can be obtained. Youmore. It teaches that man in his fuspiritual—which also includes the will find warrant for what I say inture life will associate in councils moral—education of man. Hence, a revelation given on the 27th of

with exalted men who have long it is that the Church provides acaDecember 1832. It is true this revsince passed over the pathway that demies and colleges where theology, elation was given to a number of

now may be new to his feet; he will that is to say, the science which elders about to engage in the minlearn by association with them the teaches the relationship of Deity istry, but they were only comwisdom of the ages; and acquire and and man, and the science of rightmanded to learn that which they

learn to exercise creative powers living, is made a prominent feature were expected to teach to the world and the mighty science of governin the course of studies. and to the Saints, hence indirectly

ment as it exists with the Gods. He And yet I would not have my we may say that it is an admonition

will not only learn but in his turn readers think that the Mormon point (Continued on page 672)

OCTOBER 1947 643 was in the early fifties. The

IT heated breath of the August sun hotly upon the parched pressed "All is well! All western ofsurface the unnamed

plains. The baked earth stretched

away from the distant, sluggish waDm JuSa Lyouna Ljated ters of the Platte River. Not even

the stubble of grass rose up from the of his limbs too far spent for his earth's crust, for summer and voice to rise above his heart. Yet

drouth had buried, without requiem, even his fevered eyes misted with A every tiny blade and spear.

Fifty Year The long train of smokedraped suddenthe boy springsbeside himof hopesang renewedout the reas slowly been moving hadwagons the sun frain lustily: Feature eastern beforesince long

had risen above the flat horizon. All is well! All is well!

Two by two they shambled along, "I jest b'lieve our old oxen know the wagons lolling to and fro under that song, Daddy, for when it's FROM THE IMPROVEMENT ERAthe strain of the lumbering feet of 11, PAGE 696, JULY, 1908 sung, they pick up their old feet VOLUMEthe oxen. The beasts were thinand try to keep up with the other

flanked, and hollow with sparse wagons."joined in the with boy The hymn water. But on theyfood and scant

The man smiled faintly in rehis father, intogether they and so faster nor steptrudged; not one

to the boy's enthusiasm, sponse and their spired the anifeet of weary lithe for of the the whistleslower quietly, said lad. ay, "Ay, So their 'tis, mals, as as well weaker own occawhip which longlashedand I'm sure. dying poor More'n one that bodies, the green cottonwoods their fleckedsionally toughened

spirit soul kept has in body S the by the of tiny stream the horizon onhides. they "gee"knew, and "Haw"that cord fastens song between reached foremost was by the wagflew lash the stinging asthey knew,

'Tis a a song, lad, good good ons before the song was ended.to right or left of ear; but speed was them.

all. it sing song. they But should

to their strong and steady muscles Sing it all."HPhe merry company were all anx-

a callous mystery. Only the three verses floated ious to help each other, and a As the train gradually rose on the back to them fitfully, as the wagons dozen sprang towards the stream

undulating crest of another swale, the eye of the leader saw in the clear turned a long curve in the faintly with cups eager to offer each other marked road. a drink of the insipid, but gratefully

distance a faint promise of a stream "I love the last verse best,"said accepted water, flowing by the cotof water, silhouetted against the the man feebly, as he struggled to tonwoods. The oxen also drankhorizon by scraggy "cottonwoods,"keep pace with the quicker step of thirstily and long.themselves little more than a fringe

in the line where gray sky met gray the boy. "When do we reach the tops of "Why do you like that verse so the Rocky Mountains?"queried aearth. But it was surely water; and

from his throat there sprang a cry well, Daddy? It makes me cry. It browneyed, dimplecheeked lassie,

to for the hundredth time that mornof joy, which vibrated swiftly from jest brings up my mammy's face me, and I see her buried beside that ing.point to point until the hindmost

muddy Missouri River, and the "Ah, girl, ye have plagued mevehicle had received the cheering choir a-singing that last verse, until enough wi'that question,"rethen, flooded as hopenews. And

all heart of in the I can't stand it no longer. I jest sponded her father. "It may be aboth eye and

it depends aldusty train, a woman sent forth the can t. week; it may be two;

together while dropped teams his whip upon boy The weather."and voices of anotes song. A hundred

to the flowing tears swiftly with rub turned away, the The girl untrying the melody,caught up and the dulating music floated back, reachhis rough sleeve. eagerness in her face giving slow

The man beside him whispered pace to quiet resignation.ing the last poor wagon with its two

lonely occupants: huskily, "Never mind, Tommy, lad; The large company of emigrants don't 'ee mind. Mammy was glad looked very tired, and some illfitted

Come, come, ye Saints; no toil nor labor to lay down and rest. But there, lad, to bear the long and arduous jourfear,

too, gets feired, sometimes leader and ney. pappy also detected the The

with joy But your way; wend

then I loves spirit to hear tune in growing someone of discouragement to journey you, this hard may apThough pear, up thet song; it mellows me to the his halfnourished party. But he was

Grace shall be as your day. bone, it does."a born leader, and he knew the one

Tis better far for us to strive, The faint, quavering voice of the sure and innocent remedy for their drive: cares us to useless from Our invalid began its own interpretation ills:

will swell this, hearts and joy yourDo

All is well! All is well! of the hymn, but the tone was far "Maggie,"he called to the girl,

more lively than it would otherwise "we are going to have a dancing 'T'he toiling feet of the man behave been, because of the tiny party tonight, for we will camp behind the rear wagon, tingled mourner beside him; and although side a better stream than this, and

faintly in response to the rhythmic the first three verses were sung out there's grass there, enough to be suggestion of the broken music. But pretty bravely, the fourth was left used as a carpet to dance upon, for

his throat was too dry, the strength unsung. we shall reach the Sweetwater to644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

// The boy looked the uneasiness he

reassured him. IS WELL! felt, but his father assured him, and "I can walk the ten or twelve

miles of yer day's journey in a very short time, Tommy; ye mind how

slip good on the walkin'Daddy always was, Tommy. Go on, lad, now go."

HThe sun burned the boy's flesh through his coarse shirt; and the

parched air soon drank up the moisture he had imbibed so eagerly at the halting place. He was very lonely, and he was also farther behind

than usual. But he told himself again

and again that he was very glad that

Daddy was resting beside the shady stream.

The night was almost as sultry as the day had been. But when the

wagons at the Sweetwater drew slowly around the circular space for their camp, the evening star was already bright in the west. The tents

were soon up, surrounding the wagon-circle, and the scant supper was not long in preparing nor in being disposed of.

Then out came the fiddle belonging to the slender little man with the night. So I engage you, Miss Maglumbered as swiftly as might be into dark eyes; and, hugging it lovingly,

gie, to dance the first quadrille. the regular order of march, soon he climbed up on the central wagon.

Shall it be Dan Tucker?"winding out upon the dry and burnHolding it to his knee, he softly

"Indeed, and it's me you can have ing plain once more. tried the vibrant strings. The small,

for your first partner, Elder Snow,""Tommy,"said the sick man, as redbrown instrument had been to she said, gaily flinging the leader a the wagons were leaving, "you yoke this English artist a singing violin, short curtsy. right up, and foller along wi'the with sigh and laughter hidden in its

The boy driving the rear wagon, train. Let Daddy lie here and rest rotund body; but now, out on the

just then came up with grateful eyes a bit. 'Twill do me good, lad; and long untrodden plains of America,

fastened upon the somewhat slug- I will get into camp tonight all right. surrounded with a band of heartgish stream, which trickled its So don't worry about me, lad, but weary, bodyweak religious pilmuddy way between the cottonjest be glad Daddy can have so joygrims, who required the occasional

woods. ful a place to rest in. Eh, lad?"refreshment of innocent pleasure, he

made of his darling instrument a "Here, Tommy,"called Maggie, "Ah, but, Daddy, ye must have common fiddle. His fingers twanged hurrying to them with her cup, yer dinner."

"here's a drink of water for your "Ye can leave a bite and a cup and swirled, in and out, the notes father; it's wet, and 'deed, that's to drink the water. But I am not dancing on the ear with such symabout all ye may say for it."much in the way o'eatin', lad."pathetic inspiration that feet were

The man drank eagerly, but the "Oh, Daddy, I wish ye'd jest let tingling and bodies were swaying: your partners for the "Choose

tell that Elder liquid Snow did not cool nor satisfy me we have warm quadrille!"

left thirst. i'our save first to put nought mouths the fevered

And hearts forgot to sigh; hunger "Daddy,"called the boy from the a bit of corn,"whimpered the boy.

wagon, "I'm bringing ye the big "Now, Tommy, after you've been was lost in merriment; and around

that grassy ring there flew three quilt; and ye shall lay down a bit, the brave lad to drive the oxen, and

and rest ye while I get the oxen to learn all these new American scores of happy, pounding feet.

tended."ways, and now ye give up in the Cuddenly a young voice called out

The sick man slid along the gratevery sight o'the hills o'Zion? Do of the darkness, "Miss Maggie!

ful comfort of the improvised couch ye not know that very few i'the Miss Maggie!"

and lay beneath the shelter of the company hev any more nor we to "That is Tommy,"she breathed, scanty cottonwoods. eat. Give me the last drink before with half frightened accent. "I wonAbout him surged the chatter and ye go, and hurry on, lad, lest ye get der if there's anything wrong at his

counsel of the camp; and then prestoo far behind the train. Ye know wagon."

ently, at the word from the leader, the oxen be very slow, lad, very The girl reached out and drew the these travelers quickly gathered and slow."{Concluded on page 670)

OCTOBER 1947 645 3L CENTENNIAL TREKividion

Part II ardson's Point, onetime headquarcontest, ladies'husband calling conters of the Church, and also near test, ladies'nail driving contest, and caravan southward wended race. Locust Creek, potato where "Come, Come, a ponyThefrom along the MisNauvoo written. Grove's generous citizens was Ye Saints"Garden

sissippi for about fifteen miles, Near Corydon, Iowa, we found had given us their best for a campand then crossed the river to KeoJohn W. Boud gathering up the ground: the shaded lawn of the

kuk, where the mayor welcomed us wreckage caused when his comtown park. Such kindness pulled at

to his city and to the soil of Iowa. panion fell asleep at the wheel. His our heart strings.

The rolling Iowa countryside was wagon box had been destroyed, but Before our program, attended by lush and green. Here and there no one had been hurt. Not long an even larger crowd than Naualong side the road were patches of

wild tiger lilies and brilliant yellow blackeyed susans. One could easily

ask why President Young had not stopped with the Saints in this land of tall corn. But he had said that

the Saints would settle, after their bitter persecutions, in a region no others wanted.

The first pause on the journey was at Montrose, across the Mississippi from Nauvoo. There some of

the homeless Saints had settled when Nauvoo was founded. From

Montrose, Brigham Young, ill at the time, had left for a mission to Britain, and there the Prophet Joseph

Smith had uttered the remarkable prediction regarding the future of the Saints in the Rocky Mountains.

In a shaded park along the river, the caravan stopped, and with song and speech paid tribute to stalwarts of the past.

With our caravan now were TREKKERS PAUSE FOR PROGRAM AT ROCK SPRINGS, WYOMING three interesting Iowans: Dr. Marcus Bach, noted author and associate director of Iowa University's thereafter. Brother Boud's car apvoo's, Mayor C. G. Comegys and

school of religion; George Mills, ace peared in the procession, with a President P. D. Nolan of the Garreporter for Iowa's largest newsflag flying in front and the word den Grove Commercial Club parpaper, the Des Moines Register, "Scout"painted on the side. His ticipated in the planting in the park

and a Register photographer. Dr. scout car proved invaluable for the of a Utah blue spruce, our state tree,

Bach, starting with us at Nauvoo, remainder of the trek in getting supas a reminder of the original and remained with the caravan until it plies and carrying messages. also of the commemorative pioneer

reached Salt Lake City. He reOur caravan reached our camptrek.

corded it with movie camera and site, Garden Grove, well before talkie machine. Mr. Mills, who knew dark. "M"ext morning shortly after reMormon history in Iowa better than Garden Grove, a little town with veille, the customary meeting

anyone in our group, remained with only about six hundred population, of captains was held. Suggestions

us across the state. His newspaper, had an Egyptian air when we enwere made, decisions were reached,

like some of the other large ones in tered. Along the main street were and all reported their men in good

the land, gave the trek frontpage the brown tents of carnival conceshealth.

treatment. The Associated Press sions. In store windows were large Not many miles out of Garden

released a daily trek article, and in orange posters announcing "MorGrove, we swerved off the main western states at least, a wirephoto man Day."The cranktype telehighway onto a dusty country road

to accompany each. phones in Garden Grove, founded that led to Mount Pisgah, once a

and named by the Saints 101 years supply station for migrating Saints.

\X7e were behind schedule. Our before, had no doubt been abuzz all Mount Pisgah as we found it was

speed was stepped up beyond day. The "Day"earlier had innothing more than a mute granite

forty miles an hour. Our next pause cluded foot races for children, men's shaft in a sylvan Iowa setting atop

was to be at Centerville, near Richpotato peeling contest, hog calling a small hill. It was erected to Mor646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

vSu lA/endeU /4. fmton COMPANY PRESIDENT OF THE CENTENNIAL TREK

mon heroes of a century ago. About Council Bluffs is still talking about your which took President Young's com150 of them had died there during visit. I am sure it will long be remembered pany 1 1 1 days.

at 4 a.m.—anMount Pisgah's first six months. ouras anhistory.outstanding,And certainlythough brief,in behalfincidentof ourin The bugle sounded

All hats were removed as the city I wish to thank you all for the inspirahour early—on Thursday morning.

group gathered under a large tree. tion left here and for so vividly refreshThere had been little sleep. In adThere was a sublimity that only ing our minds of the rich heritage that has dition to the mosquitoes, a flurry of

silence can bring when one of the beenpany'sourssojournas a hereresulta ofcenturythe originalago... com-. rain had bothered trekkers without

three trek women, Dorothy Kimball tents.

Keddington, wearing a beautiful Describing our night at Omaha, blue cotton hooped dress, finished '"Phe commissary department had one of the trekkers averred, "The her solo, "The Lord's Prayer."At gone ahead to Omaha, and mosquitoes did not carry stingers;

Mount Pisgah, Ed Bray of the when the caravan arrived at our they toted bayonets."

Creston Chamber of Commerce campsite, Miller Park, hundreds of We held a special prayer meetpresented us with a walnut segment people were gathered around the ing at Omaha that morning. We

of a Mormon fence that once stood huge chunks of buffalo meat cookhad the longest leg of the journey to there. We, in turn presented him ing over the open fire. Three radio travel that day. We feared sleeping

with a copper serving tray from the stations, one from Sioux City, Iowa, at the wheel. Some of the men were

Sons of Utah Pioneers. about a hundred miles away, rewithout relief drivers. About twenty

We were two hours late at Red corded comments on the pioneers of the group were over seventy

Oak, where a band had been gathfrom some of us. years of age.

ered to greet us. The band had Estimates of the crowd which The sky was overcast, and the

atmosphere was cooler as we left

Omaha. This meant that our motors

TREKKERS ENJOY AN EVENING MEAL could stand a little more speed without overheating.

As we sped along Nebraska's flat landscape, with its corn fields, pigs, and windmills, the state highway patrol car leading our group braked to a sudden halt. The officer

had his intercar communication receiver at his ear. His face was

grim. "Anything doing?"we called.

"Our rear car just phoned,"he replied somberly. "There's been an

accident involving a trek car."

Serious? "He didn't say."

"Please, will you try to call him back and find out more?"

He tried. But to no avail. We

waited, anxiously.

After some time, word was received. One car had bumped into

—Photographs by W. Claudell Johnson, Rumel Studio the rear wagon box of another. Little damage. All had been fixed.

gone, but Mayor H. S. Cloud and witnessed the trek program on MilThe first company of pioneersan assemblage of citizens were there ler Park's golf fairway ranged from under Brigham Young caught their

to give their welcome. 3,000 to 15,000 people. Introduced first glimpse of buffaloes near Grand

to the audience was a Latterday late afternoon It was when we did Island, them we. and so We saw pilot LieutenSaint from California, rich in Councilreached Bluffs, so the outskirts the of in a corral on

Latterday Saint history. There, the ant John Robert Rawson, who, in city.

to fly a jetthe morning, was Battalion had been musMormon The cool weather had permitted plane, propelled "Mormon armytered.

time, reached and Grand good we pioneer the Blazer,"Trail over at Bluffs Council program Our at ten of minutes noon, ahead Salt Hill Field, near Lake Island to route a local stabroadcast radiowas by it raining. schedule. But was City.tion. to Salt After Lake we returned scatrain tempered to a few The

City, Council Bluff's Mayor Phil Next day, the plane flew in two tered drops as our caravan slowed

M inner, wrote: hours and three minutes the distance {Continued on page 682)

OCTOBER 1947 647 4EIU1UMH4 was a youth of many prob- C[ome Talks to Young People lems, but one of my greatest About Current Problems "i was the keeping of the Sabbath. I started by going skating in By MARY BRENTNALL

thesummer—thatwinter andwasswimmingwhen Iin wasthe

younger. In high school I went on Sundays. They clean, wash, iron,

mend, and get a little extra cooking picnics or driving—some skiing also.

My first year in college brought done on Sunday. I know men who

dancing Sunday afternoon or evesay, "Well, Sunday is the only day ning.... I can go fishing. After all, I work

"I had a certain amount of energy for a living the other six."I know

that drove me to action. I was told boys who in deference to the wishes

by my parents that I was wrong. I of their parents do not play tennis

was told by my bishops, my girl on Sundays, except in tournaments.

"But if you play tournament tennis, friends'mothers—by many. Most of

all my conscience told me I was you must be prepared to play on wrong. This may sound strange Sunday."I know girls who figure

perhaps it is only a half truth. I was that since Friday and Saturday eveso imbued with the spirit of play. nings nights,"are Satur- "date and I the best could,doing I did what activifoster build up and we How is itself, taken "helpwith day up to do. beforewas me ties! sports!""Let's clean "Good ing or dentist appointwith Mom,""I believe the church peoyoung recreated play!"have everyone by

is their or ments, shopping, Sundayple receive should guidance some girl Let's see that every and boy for the best very time over studying to afteron what do on Sunday learns golf, to dance, tenplay how

I, myself, end. can remember week In sixnoons. there are most wards nis, ski, bicycle, swim, ride a horse

vividly for in which, year the beautifulor seven hours between In all rope seriousness, a cow! the and

in first time I had money my life, School meetSunday and sacrament that is, largely, point of view. our

ing that are a temptation to some for music lessons and since my time It is very much my own. But somesort of action. In most wards sacraweek days was taken up earning times I wonder if we're overdoing it

ment meeting is over by eight that money and my evenings with a little? If the answer is yes, then

other needful Mutual and iso'clock. True, teaching young. The night

regularly things, I practisedin firesides they have many wards two or alldifficultiesthis hasof directSabbathbearingobservance.on the

three the hours every it Sunday. Atbut isn't churchwide—hence

let of being misunderstood, me Most people's objections to the evening dances or shows. riskSunday way we treat the Sunday problem... Please, give our younger brothpoint out that a good many of our

it is that is negative. not must We Church comwork sisters toers and an insight on how meetings—the this, not and do do that. we must of mittee planning meetings and their energiesuse in a joyful and

holy way on Sundays.... It is probvarious of our auxiliaries are called "Tell us what to do"is a constant

ably the only one of the ten comon the Sabbath because that seems cry. "Sunday is preached as a day

mandments that most people that to be the "open"day when everyof cessation, and we can't just cease are really trying to be faithful Latone can come. living."It seems to me that we are

terday Saints have much trouble In other words, Sundays are overlooking several important facunderstanding and living. treated as "overflow"days and tors when we talk thus. Let me try

"Please remember the energies of whether that overflow consists of to point to one or two of them.

youth."social activities, sports, physical or In the first place, why should we

This is quoted from a challenging mental work, or just something we be so opposed to negatives? There

letter recently received from a are so interested in that we can't let is nothing so important and effective as a good strong "no"when theyoung man. It was a letter so it alone—depends upon the person

thoughtprovoking and stimulating himself, his environment, and his situation calls for it. I like negathat it makes me unhappy that I am generation. I have been told that in tives. You can't get good positives

not able to give him exactly what the early days of the Church, it was without them. Consult a photohe wants in the way he wants it. But hard for the pioneers to refrain from grapher or an electrical expert if

I am going to talk about it a little working on the Sabbath because you want the facts. I sympathize

anyway. there was so much to be done and with an English professor I had

they were so imbued with the spirit once. Standing with chin jutting a

HPhe observance of the Sabbath is of work. bit, he would shout down the old

hard for many. I know younger axiom that "two negatives make an

women and older women who work TToday, it is hard to refrain from affirmative."

six days a week outside of their play, because there is so much "That is ridiculous,"he would homes and keep house evenings and play to be accomplished, and we are insist, "Two negatives make a 648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

if theyLet's Talk It Over Sabbath. Perhaps we can visit those to the Sabbath, you wonder

who are lonely or housebound, or in any way fulfil the purposes of the double negative, and a good thing we can get acquainted with those day. Not long ago, I saw what

they do! We need negatives!"who love us best and whom we take seemed to me an extraordinary

In the second place, we overlook for granted—our parents and our sight—two girls clad only in bathing

the fact that there is exceedingly grandparents. How I wish that I suits riding motorcycles along a

positive instruction in the first part of had listened more carefully—and main highway on Sunday. Takethe commandment. "Six days shalt taken notes—to the stories told me away the day. Make it Monday, or

thou labor and do all thy work."by my pioneer grandmother and to Tuesday, or Saturday—and there

add—"andAnd maybeallforthytodayplay."weWeshouldare ther!the counselAnd whatof myjoyruggedit gavegrandfathem wereas wellstillaselementschill—inof theimproprietyspectacle.

enjoined against "overflows."All when any of us was willing to sit There seemed to be a lack of sensiof us plan too much. We fill our with them a while and talk with tivity to the feelings and ideas of

lives too full and forget that the them! Perhaps this is a Sunday aftothers—a desire to startle and

element of choice and selection enernoon suggestion for young people. shock. I see none of this in the plans

ters into every phase of life. The There are others. I know one young of many of our young people for

process of choice is often a wearing man who has built up a library of Sunday fun and gaiety. Let me reone. It is exhausting to decide just fine musical recordings to which he peat just for emphasis that I am not

how much and what we can and listens on Sunday afternoon, and questioning the wholesomeness of should do. It takes selfdenial and another who does very selective sports and pleasures practised on the

judgment to trim our lives down to reading—including scripture. But Sabbath by many of our own young

the simple compass of six days, he says he never studies on that people. But in these activities, there

when, in the back of our minds rests day—not even his Sunday School is little evidence of the spirit and

the continual thought that "if I can't lesson. high purposes of the day itself.

quite make it, I can finish on Sun- "But these are activities which you day."Just as there is no better have to do alone. I like to be with Come of our people hide behind the

cure for insomnia than to be normalmy friends."This objection was quotation that "the Sabbath is

ly, at night, healthily so there weary raised. for the for made man man—not restcure for better Sundayis no One can certainly listen to music of fact, a matter every Sabbath."Aslessness—even among the young or even reading with a few friends, commandent of our Heavenly Fa-

—"finished"than to be normally,on Saturdayhealthilynighttired, butis thatthe theseproblemgatheringsof friendsalmosten massealtherto findis madeone thatfor theis justgooda ofwhim,man. withTry

ready for Sunday's own particular ways become social occasions. Even no relation to our ultimate wellbe-

form of refreshment and rest. Perfiresides, if not handled with care, ing. God sets us the perfect examhaps we could cut our activities can turn into "Boogie Woogie"or ple in unselfish planning. The statdown to the six days that are our "Jam"sessions. ing of the Sunday purpose in thisown to use and then cease—cease "Well, what's wrong with that?"particular way is our consolation if

the processes of choosing and dedemanded a young friend of mine circumstances give us unavoidable ciding and weighing and turn our when that possibility was suggested. work on that day. A doctor who

the tolives over made who Him Nearly nothing. Perhaps everyvisits cares who> a mother patient—a let earth, the him andheavens and contemplate people that thing young for occaher child—innumerable

his counsel us out andpour on nothing the has Sabbath on doing sions as needful which as the one guidance and benediction on this wrong with it when scrutinized by brought forth the words from the his hallowed day. itself. As far as I know, most SunSavior, make it live for us.

"You'll think me sacrilegious,"day activities are moral, ethical, Deeper than these emergenciessaid a young mother, "but it seems wholesome—even circumspect. But is the truth that the more perfectly

to me that I move heaven and earth when you think of them in relation we understand and abide by the to get through by Saturday night, principles laid down in the law, the and I can't. Neither the chickens more surely we are benefited and

nor the baby seems to know it's RECOMPENSE the more clearly we see our gains.

Sunday."By Helen Baker Adams A young man of my acquaintance

I wondered as I looked at her once said ruefully, "When I work tired face and swollen feet whether \\7hen starry crowns are handed out one overtime, my pay goes to the docit wouldn't be a genuinely good use And some receive reward as is their due tor; and when I work on Sundays,

of the Sabbath day if some restless, For talents used or great deeds carried my pay goes to the devil."I

energetic, young girl should take I shallthrough,not grumble if none comes my way. laughed, and then his statement

over the small family for a couple I shall be thinking of a daisy spray lodged in my mind. Perhaps it will

of hours on Sunday and give that That baby fingers gathered in the dew. in yours.

mother a chance to sleep. For, alIBeribbonedshall rememberwith everyyour giftlovefromandyoulaughter Perhaps the Savior himself gave

though a great many people can, if gay: us the clue to activities on the Sabthe rose ducklings, and The chinathey will, arrange their days to be teapot, bath by his own unselfish deeds. knife, pocket tiny pearland-silver The

through on Saturday night, there The Indian charm, and handwrought lover's Perhaps almost anything we might knot,are those of because always who on the Sabbath could do be justified little all of rug I dreamed The my illness, children,family or little can or were pampering we in no way gifts so, if not heaven's be mylife.lot, if And

neither rest nor attend church on the As dear had I—as mother and as wife! ( Concluded on page 664

OCTOBER 1947 649 SYNOPSIS Tn 1 879, President John Taylor called Silas * Smith, Kumen Jones, and George Briginterpreter, Indian as president, Hobbs,ham IN THE into HOLE mission chief scoutand for a new southern Utah, together with settlers from

Cedar City, Parowan, and Paragoonah. to get the road finished through heThe way had been charted when the advent

of Bishop Andrew Schow and James Collett crack and start rolling down it.

of Escalante made a new route seem advisEven the leaders turned a deaf ear, toable the group. of Reaching many Forty assigning him to work on the road, a Spring, rudeMile encampment was established and scouts selected to push ahead urging the necessity of an early

and seek the best route. Scouts penetrated start down.

into the desolate region only to find that the river was hemmed in by towering, perHe struck out, straight west, topendicular cliffs that defied descent. The ward the town of Escalante. No

plight desperate was for the his mules any longandsince food water were at a littleminimum—group, use hunting for

with little chance of getting more until they er. They wouldn't stay in a stripped

could win through the intervening desolacountry. Either they'd died or been

tion. remained Most of the company at driven off by the Indians. HeForty and Fifty camps, Mile but a small

part had been moved to the Hole in the doubted if even his wagon would be

Rock. From this point four men were ap left. But at that, without teams he

pointed to scout to through a way it, even if he found it. set to theThe rest to work widen thecrack—river. couldn't move

with little equipment other than their will Let the whole kit and kaboodle rot, to achieve. scouts set out with The misfor all he cared. He'd walk back

givings with but determination. Nothing

short of a miracle prompted Mr. Hobbs to home. And when he got there, he'd

follow the mountain sheep which led him start all over again. Without his

deviously until the base he reached of the outfit he couldn't go on-—even if he scouts to theledge. The found the way

river and returning bought flour from Peter wanted to. And if he didn't go on,

Shurtz who called himself the Daniel Boone he'd never see Sarah Williams slept trail the West. they Whileof on the

return journey, the theon fell snow and again. And why should he?

froze making it possible to lead the horses over a snow dugway which the men made.

After intolerable hardships the scouts A look of hatred distorted his face, realized in the they were nearing Hole the so violent in its intensity that he;

andRock. on folwent Hobbs ahead Lem

lowing the river road since Sevy was too could no longer stand. He sank to

ill to hurry. Then, suddenly they both sat his knees. He shook his fists at the

erect animals. on their cried, they "Food!"

on. ledand hurried into unperturbed world around him; it The lookouts Lem

the circle of firelight, and signaled the was as if he were an ant, lost in its others that help was coming. vastness.

Chapter X themLet scatterthem dancehis stock!on theLetrocks.them useLet

Georgethe desert,Hobbstherodebitternesswest intoof hisfree.lastYes,ouncefreeoftostrength!go anywhereHe washe

aloes in his heart, disillusionchose! He was out of the mission

ment in his eyes. Let the drills and now. Free to rustle food for his sisthe hammers echo through the Hole ter and get it through to her! All in leaving the mission. He prayed

in the Rock! Let them clamor! he had to do was to get up and get for humbleness.

They could pound no louder than on with his own business. And as he did so, his heart

his own heart. And they were no He staggered to his feet. He quieted to peace. He opened his eyes,

and felt that he was being physically more insistent than the force that brushed his eyes with the sleeve of unlikely a small, toward shirt. tried to ragged drove the go on propelled mishis He from him on—away once searched canyon that he had again. his feet rooted. But seemed loved. from the people he sion, away

Since that neverto-beforgotten The pounding of his heart was now before. Unable to resist the strong

night when he and the other three a dull, unsatisfied ache. And he force he felt was guiding him, he

scouts had fallen into camp more knew that he was not free to go his began to run. And at the bottom of

his mules, the he found canyon released, way. not been alive, had than He nothing dead seen he had

steep for a in, except draw, honorably, from Misrimmed the San trouble. First, but Juan there the was

fatter in than animal he'd seen any running away! was Then getting of sion. He to urgency back Montesix months. he lonely as as was lonely, for the with starving suddenly food zuma "Maybe they were here when I itself! to the desert little wanted there, families And he children. the

first time,"the looked mused. he his troubles. out Harriet's alpray children hadOne of were, they senses "But if were my

died.ready his Could and see he sit by closed eyes and poured out He off ailing."his hat took and He

that there again? happen to Yet his soul the was he had God been said Lord. humbly, "Thanks, My to spare in no food of serve. to the taught love any prayed and He strength yours!"and all I have are

camps at the Hole in the Rock that he would be shown where his and no one seemed to worry about lost animals were. He prayed for Ctanford Smith poked his head

Montezuma. Their obsession was forgiveness for'his bitter misconduct up from the dark recesses

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "It was moved back so the others could—

vDu Jinvia lrivice Kedd "Could hog in first!"StanfordIX \ V l\

shouted, his pentup anger all but choking him. "Where in thunder is

Stanford stared at them. And for the wagon?"

a full minute he was incapable of Arabella was tired and discoursound or motion. Then the blankets aged. "It's right there, Stanford."

took on meaning, contour. She pointed, and his eyes followed

"Arabella!"he cried in shocked her direction. There, a few rods

surprise, and felt his voice split the back from the crack, barely dissilence into thin, cold slivers of cernible above a mound of sandsound. stone, protruded all that could be

Arabella's head came up, sudseen of his wagon—a rusty, bent

denly, like a gopher's, from the tentstovepipe.

like heap of blankets that had covStanford kissed Arabella conered her, and her voice and the cry tritely. "I'm a fool!"he cried. "But

of the baby answered him. what I don't understand is why they

"Stanford! I—I thought you left you here alone, Belle. With me

would never get here!"down helping to land the wagons

The baby cried again. right side up on the raft for the

Without shifting his eyes, Stanother fellows, looks to me like someford pulled himself up the last waistone might have brought my outfit high ledge of the crack, then looked down with the rest!"

out over the desert. His fingers

clutched his sandstained hat; his A rabella explained patiently that

eyes blazed comprehension. the last wagons to go down

Arabella gave him a wan smile. through the Hole in the Rock had

"Now don't stomp your hat, Stancome in from Forty Mile Camp, ford,"she pleaded. "We've been many of their owners strange to

here alone since early afternoon. I everyone else. "I doubt that anyone

saw our wagon was back there, Stanford. When that first wagon

went down, you never saw such excitement. Mary was screaming and

wringing her hands, sure that Kumen would be killed. Children were

crying; men were yelling like mad.

I didn't say anything because I

THE EFFORT BROKE HER thought you'd bring someone up

BALANCE AND SENT HER with you when you came to get us."

FLYING AFTER THE PROS- "I didn't even know the wagons TRATE HORSE.

were all down! I've been working

for ten days on the other side of the river, hauling wagons off the raft, helping to crowd the teams up the steep dugway on the other side."

Stanford started running toward the wagon, dragging Arabella along with one hand, clutching the baby with the other. There was no time

now to stand and argue about what if he and—I can't bear any more. Everyone he ought to have done;

is down but us!"Arabella didn't get down to the ferHer voice ended on a sob that ry soon, they'd be in the same fix

brought Stanford to her. there that they were here—alone

and out of luck. of the crack. Not a team was in "You—Arabella—the baby—I—

sight, not a wagon; trampled, dirty His mind nagged insistently, unable Berating himself, he figured as he

snow lay everywhere! Where there to fix what was wrong. ran. The crack was nude and steep;

had been a scattered village of tents "Stanford, stop staring!"Arabella every wagon that had gone down

and wagons was now no sign of cried. "Why don't you bring up the had taken tons of rock and sand

human habitation—nothing in all wagon so we can get down before with it. Why in Sam thunder hadn't

the disordered loneliness except one dark?"he thought of that? What a fool

little heap of blankets, emphatic and "That's it, Arabella—the wagon! and a dolthead he was!

stubborn. I couldn't think it's gone!"{Continued on page 652)

OCTOBER 1947 651 Stanford self shudder. against a HOLE IN THE ROCK afraid. that she was must not know

(Continued from page 651) ing. But Stanford knew what was Fortunately he was so occupied

"The horses are harnessed and below—boulders and washouts; with his own problems that he had

everything's packed,"Arabella dugways that clung to cliffs that little time to worry about her. He

cried, racing breathlessly after her crowded menacingly inward, leadchecked the harness, the iron tires, husband as they neared the wagon. ing to a dangerously steep, but the axle, the brakes. Then he turned

"The kids? Where are they?"earthclad grade to the river. to his wife, the mother of his chil-

"In bed in the wagon, they stay But that first drop! Demons dedren. His eyes said, this may be our

there most of the time to keep warm. vising could not have done a better last minute of life together, but his

Here, give me the baby, Stanford."job. Once down that and still alive, lips were white and still.

In five minutes he had the horses a man could drive with comparative We'll make it Arabella's eyes hooked to the wagon, two at the safety to the bottom. In the chute, answered steadily back.

tongue and one tied to the rear axle. sand and rocks had been piled as Stanford's hands gripped hers.

"A team and a half's not much steep as rock would stand. Now Never had a man and a woman a

good,"he complained. "I wish we there were only the rocks, and many wilder chance to take, a harder

had the horse we left crippled at of those had been dislodged. One choice to make. They had been

Fifty Mile Spring. Someone more tearing impact might send the called to go to San Juan with the

mighta brought him along, too."whole structure, with everything on company, and, God helping them,

From the depths of the wagon it or in its path, to the bottom in a go they would. Letting go of her

cover, making last minute preparabroken mass! fingers, he turned, looking for sometions, Arabella said: "He died, Stanford looked at it soberly. thing that might help him to make

Stanford. And don't stomp your hat "Golly!"he said. the deadly descent to the river.

for that, either! Old Nig is as good The helpless concern of that one There was nothing, anywhere, to

at holding back as any old team'd word left Arabella weak with fear. give him the slightest hope. There

be."was none, even, in the post that had

At the first sound of Stanford's stood the others of the company in voice, the two children, Ada and such good stead.

LeRoy, had tumbled from their bed Stanford felt the grooves in the in the back of the wagon; but Araheavy juniper post beside him. Exbella held them back, telling them cept for the dirt and the sudden

they could stand behind the spring loneliness it was the only sign that seat and surprise their father. Stanman had come and gone his way.

ford jumped in, unlocked the brakes Useless now, it stood mutely by.

with one hand, hugged the children, The combined strength of fifty men with the same hand that clutched his holding back on a cable wrapped lines. His whip cracked, and the Through the long, weary days in around the post had not broken the

team started forward with the rockcamp she had come to regard the force of those other 180 wagons it was worn almost in two.ing wagon. "We'll have to crossHole in the Rock as a friendly path though

lock the wheels,"he shouted, pulling that would lead her and her chilHow, then, could he and Arabella it alone? Why had he beenup at the crack. "Get me the chains, dren from the cold, snowy desert make

Belle!"into a warm place where there was so cocksure? "I ought to throw out

Arabella threw the chains down water for baths and washdays, clean my chest,"he thought. "I've got

to him and jumped out to help. beds, and gritless food. From her the whole desert universe to myself!

isn't a chance in a hundredWhen the chains were securely safe distance behind a mound of There it without mishapfastened, crossed from front to back rock, she had listened to the poundthat we can makewheels, Stanford slowed his pace. ing and the blasting, as the road—maybe not at all."

He took Arabella to the crack and, workers had cut their way down the He looked past Arabella's head to fingers locked, they stood looking crack. For two months she had the unperturbed faces of his childown into it. Ten feet of loose listened, and every shower of rock, dren. "I'm afraid we can't make it,

sand led out to a stairsteep ledge every noisy echo had been one more Belle!"he said apologetically.

a ledge as steep as the roof of a step toward comfort and security. Arabella looked at him, eyes level.

house, and barely the width of a But as she stared at it now, the "Kumen Jones drove the first wagon that, a dizzywagon. Below chute crack a monster became this crack without python, down help! And

fiftyslid a hundred and feet down sinuous, ready to swallow dark and can!"if he can do it, we

to land- a level had been once what all. the children them Soon she and protested, Stanford but there wasing, which, but now, hollowed was into disappear Stanford and would his eyes. hope in new the of impactby pounding wagons its throat, to long black be perhaps

and sliding hooves. Wheels, lurchcrippled or ground to pieces in its "If we only had a few men to

ing from side to side in their downgaping jaws. No! Not the children! hold back on the rope and steady the sway of the wagon, we might circles carvedward rush, had in the There

it, Belle!"cliffs must be, there had to be some makeperpendicular that hemmed other way!them in—cliffs so high that only a "I'll do the holding back,"Aranoonday sun saw the bottom! Be- \\7ith nerves like ice points under bella said. "On old Nig's lines. Isn't

yond that Arabella could see nothher skin, Arabella steeled her- (Continued on page 678) 652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jke *Jr4 wi ovement ora Worldwide Missionary

A Fiftieth Year Feature

ing this goal. During the recent the European subscription list recentennial campaign thirtyone veals that there are subscribers in

wards and twentyone branches Austria, Bavaria, Belgium, Czechowere successful in placing the magslovakia, Denmark, England, azine in every home of their Church France, Germany, Holland, Ireland, members. Norway, Palestine, Scotland,

Switzerland, and Wales.

Convinced that a subscription in Far from the headquarters of the the home of an investigator Church, nearly all of the provinces serves missionary times as twelve a in the Union of South Africa also

A MINIATURE REPRODUCTION OF THE FIRST the advantage added subscribers. "IMPROVEMENT have ERA"COVER, a year—with

1897 NOVEMBER it is also available that at always the convenience of the investigator C pinning the globe to the other side

Wherefore, preach and go ye my gospel, the of world, The Improvement several missions tovigorously work to thewhether north or to to the the south, in secures audience Era in homes the bringing Church magazine it east the or to for west, mattereth not, ye ward in every Australia, province There to their investigators and many amiss. cannot (D. C. 80:3.) go &

friends. Some wards even solicit are several families on the island of

Believing that little missionary names of investigators from mission Tasmania who receive the magawork can be more effective presidents and supply gift subscripzine each month, and New Zealand than that of inviting the leadtions as a contribution to this mishas a long list of readers.

ers of the Church with their words sionary endeavor. To encourage as In faroff Asia there are subscribof inspiration and counsel into extensive an audience as possible, ers in India, and one subscription

homes each month, the workers of the magazine has maintained library goes to the island of Ceylon in the

The Improvement Era have for subscription rates at half price. Indian Ocean. Singapore, at the

fifty years steadily expanded the Within the continental United foot of the Malay Peninsula, also magazine's circulation. The magaStates, Utah, Idaho, and California has a lone subscriber.

zine now reaches those near and are the states having the largest On almost every island in the those in faraway and isolated subscription lists. These three states Pacific Ocean where there are members of the Church and where thereplaces—members of the Church include the majority of the organwith their friends, neighbors, and ized stakes of the Church. Among is some knowledge of the English

investigators throughout the world. the missions, the Southern States language, there are those who faithFor half a century, as the circulaMission has the largest number of fully renew their subscriptions every

tion of the magazine has increased subscribers, often having as many year. Some of these islands are so

in numbers, so also has the physical as three thousand subscriptions. remote and isolated that they are

locations of its subscribers expanded The three stakes and two missions not even on scheduled steamship until each issue now literally goes of Canada have the most subscriband mail routes, and one cannot to the four corners of the earth. Toers outside the United States. Mexhelp wondering how long after its

day The Improvement Era has subico, Panama, Guatemala, Costa publication date the magazine finally scribers in some thirty countries on Rica, and Alaska also have subreaches these outof-theway places.

every continent; in addition, there scribers, to complete the distribuThe principal island groups who

are subscribers on many islands in tion in North America. have subscribers are the Hawaiian

three oceans. ( See cover illustraIn South America, where many (nearly 1,000 subscriptions), the

tion. ) members do not speak or read EngPhilippines, Java (Dutch Saints),

To have The Improvement Era in lish, there are subscribers in Brazil, Tonga (where her majesty the every Latterday Saint home has British Guiana, Chile, Colombia, Queen is an Era reader), Tahiti, ever been the ideal of the workers Peru, and Venezuela. Samoa, Cook, and Guam.

to whom the responsibility of pubNotwithstanding a similar lanIn the Atlantic Ocean islands the lishing and distributing the magaguage problem, The Improvement magazine is distributed on Cuba, zine has been assigned by the GenEra finds its way into many homes the Netherland West Indies, and eral Authorities of the Church. in almost every country in Europe. Porto Rico.

Throughout the branches and misThese Saints too are anxious to XTo wider distribution—or one more

sions, of visit stakes the leaders wards of and the have and the Church occurred in the varied—hasthe Church, been every with have means through many them month the history of The Improvement Era

sponsored to assist them in reachpages of the magazine. A review of (Continued on page 671

OCTOBER 1947 453 THE SPOKEN WDRD TUTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio netBy RICHARD L EVANS work through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every

Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30 a.m.

Central Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

ZJke pattern Ukat Underlie* otluei for jriaktln jrreedtom

f> Tt is a puzzling paradox that often those who enjoy the fruits of freedom work against the very freedom ""Inhere are disturbing times in the lives of all of us, which has given them privilege and protection. Why

sometimes because of personal problems, someshould it be so? There may be many answers. And

times because of the problems of the world in general, one may be that some people really don't know when and sometimes because of our perplexity as to life they are well off. They are the chronic malcontents.

itself. Often questions cry out: Here am I in the midst It wouldn't matter what way of life they were privialways of, they be dissatisfied to partake would purpose leged of the universe. part of it am I? What What

is. like that, are people There whatever and against of happiness, it all? of In times peace and underlies

in times of our own personal wellbeing, the answer and it doesn't appear that anyone has ever been able sometimes seems nearer—or perhaps the question to account for them. Then there are those who are

troubles us less. But in times of sorrow or of conflict, sincerely deceived, those who accept the false assumpor when our own personal problems are overpowering, tions of others, who haven't seen the whole picture, who haven't projected the pattern to its ultimate conmany of us ask where order and purpose have gone,

and sometimes seem to find no answer. And some of clusion. Then there is another class of people who

us are inclined to make things even more difficult by advocate the abolition of freedom, and who are not to fighting irrevocable facts, and by refusing to be recbe taken lightly. When they speak of leveling and

onciled. Those who can find and fit into a pattern regimenting men they never see themselves as being

that meets the conditions and satisfies the questions leveled or regimented. They see themselves in preferof life, can endure all things with faith and fortitude. ential positions, as the leaders of movements. They see

But if our philosophy fails when we need it most, if themselves not as of the mass of men, but as movers it breaks up under pressure, then indeed we have of the masses; not as being controlled, but as those

cause to be tried and troubled. But of this we may who do the controlling. They may be sincere in bebe sure: There is a pattern that underlies all things. lieving that the failure of freedom would be a good

Its Designer and Directing Force is that same God thing, because, as they see it, it would not be their who made the heavens and the earth and all that in freedom that would be forfeited, but the freedom of issues the is. someconfused matter no howthem And all their for prevents others. purposes. freedom And matter depressed we someseem, times no and how

that to lose. If they have little reason Such men may confusion, of the the chaos, out of out become, times

out of the seeming contradiction, will come peace and they win they will be masters. But if they fail in their

order and understanding, in the Lord's own time, in fight against freedom, they will claim the privileges that quiet which follows the storm, no matter how long and protection of freedom. And free men in a free

or violent the storm has been. And those who grope land will be lenient with them-—or so they suppose.

falteringly, and those who see but dimly, and those These are but a few of many reasons why we should who see far and clearly, will find in common the comscrutinize with great care the purposes of those who fort of these words: "For as the heavens are higher would use freedom to destroy freedom. And this let

ways, higher than your ways earth, so are thethan my faults us never forget to remember: or inWhatever

..."the saith thoughts. than your thoughtsand my it efficiency with, freedom whatever may be charged

Lord. "Be still, and know that I am God."may leave lacking, life with freedom offers more that

—August 10, 1947. makes life worth living than anyone was ever able to

* Revised offer anyone in any other way.

Isaiah 55:9

2Psaim 46:10—August 17, 1947.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMPLE BDURRE

times by means which are morally fraudulent, but

Loncemina LJvtf Kiqkt to oLii/e which seem to be legally safe. But, as many a man has

later learned, quite apart from moral issues, making money by false means is seldom legally safe, and thoseJlfe j4* We PLease who benefit thereby have no quiet thoughts and no assurance of safety. While it may sound like soft

ruiTE commonly we hear the person who proclaims idealism to say so, there are few greater hazards to his right to live his life as he pleases, regardless of happiness than money quickly and questionably acwhat anyone else thinks about it. He says that his quired. Unethical acquisition, public or private pillife is his own and, bluntly, what he does with it is fering, misuse of information or influence, betrayal of

else's of business.none recognizes, anyone Usually he trust, of yield pursuit any what any malpractice—all least, at of the restraintsin part civil law, because he yield they at great cost. ultimate And there is no

to keep of out of arewants those the hands sworn who to possession those come into good to of money who that, that he it. Butto uphold says moral beyond no entitled, not honestly are which they which by means

law or social convention, no public opinion or private they would rather not mention. Of course, when we

counsel,—and heis goingdoesn'tto havecare anywhoeffectknowson hisit. wayPerhapsof livingwe seesometimesmoney easilywondermadeif weby arequestionablemissing something.means, we mayBut

could bring ourselves to leaving this type of individual to his own devices, if it weren't for the effect his life thoseafford whoto missknowaretheythosearewhomissinglose whatthe powerno manto livecan has upon others. But there is no one in all the world at peace with their own thoughts and the right to be

acts theso inconspicuous of his but daily what living trusted by others. We quote in closing from wordsinfluence lives lesser in greater or the of others. degree of the Psalmist, uttered many centuries since: "Fret

And when anyone flaunts his unbecoming conduct, his not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou enacquaintances, especially those who are young and vious against the workers of iniquity. For they shall

impressionable, those who are easily led, may thereby soon be cut down like the grass... fret not thyself

least their resistance the lowered. ofhave Even own in his because of prospereth because him way, who

fail the observed, not higher theus to be and does devices the pass. of to bringeth wicked man who... A

is his responsibility reaches, greater theplace a man little better that the riches righteous than a hath is man 1 There isn't enough money in thein this matter. Our lives are our own to do with as we of many wicked."

choose only up to that point where we begin to affect world to pay for compromising principle, to pay for the lives of others. And for this reason we are adlosing peace of mind, to pay for betrayal of trust.

monished not only to avoid evil itself, but also to "abThere isn't enough money in the world to make that stain from all appearance of evil,"1 lest others, seeing us, take license for themselves. And this is the answer kindit thereof moneyis to beworthhad. having, no matter how much of—or part of it at least—to those who proclaim their—August 24. 1947.

right to do as they please, because they think their iPsalm 37:1, 2, 7, 16

lives are all their own.

—August 3, 1947.

"Revised iThessalonians 5:22 Jchoow, Lnildren, and [Barents

\Jn re/akina LaSu onei YVTiTHtionseachof attitudetime of arereturningin evidence.to schoolTheremanyare variathose

who are eager to get back and those who are reluctant

IVen make money in many ways. And making money to return. There are children who wish vacations—or at least making a living—is important. Everywere much longer. And there are parents who wish

one has to do it one way or another, either by his own they were much shorter. These recurring occasions

efforts or by the efforts of others. But more important of reopening school doors constantly call before us

than merely making a living is making an honest living. the question as to who is responsible for what. How

Sometimes some men aren't satisfied with an honest much should the home expect of the school, and and ample living. Sometimes they want quick and easy how much should the school expect of the home?

affluence—and compromise themselves to get it, someCopyright, 1947. (Concluded on page 664)

OCTOBER 1947 Ul 655 Salt Lake Stake [Concluded from page 631) There were no jails in early Salt their were fined, Lake City—offenders

withdrawn fellowship in the Church RoeMt,y

UTAH, LAND OF PROMISE until restitution was made.

President Brigham Young returned

A FIFTY YEAR FEATURE (... "and the desert shall rejoice and to Salt Lake City during the summer

The following poem is taken from blossom as the rose....") of 1848, and at a general conference,

Era, Volume 44, Improvement The that year, 8, of John October By Claire Stewart Boyer held 472, August 1941: page Patriarch, Presiding as Smith was called

EIGHTEEN FORTYSEVEN Trimmed by the purple royalty of peaks, and Charles C. Rich succeeded him as

By James Hammond ** Whose treasures flow in matching president of the Salt Lake Stake, with

Its rivers, retinue valleys a show cliffs counselors. windworn A strongwinged eagle from far splendor to John Young and Erastus Snow as harvests; orchards bannered golden Of buffalowhite-lined a Alights upon relieved from council high was The speak

skull 1849. 6, duties its clovered plenty, municipal of the January and pomp The like faded words carved these With lanes, were four members February new In hieroglyphs

flecked bees with with and homSwarming eyesockets, the of Twelve, cracked in the the Council sustained Above herds, ing meaningful: and Rich being C. Charles them among storied "milk the words Offer honey,"and 'fortysecond, the here July "Camped presidency. stake the of retains. of Erastus Promised every Snow Land age The seven.

stake of the reorganization the In miles today."eight The made We integrity, State! bold Sovereign Your O other the followed, Young, unfurls that John eagle

faith, the of forge a on becomes Wrought and skims and farflown Its wings president as sustained counselor, was crown heaven toward soars Daniel priests and quorum, the hills! high security, of to Like your your And the thinIn where easy sweep,

in love town, Sceptered every wayside by of president as sustained Spencer was curls. cirrus frothed

Is firm earth! invincible as dream Your FullStake, the Salt David with aloft the labors between Lake eagle The to miracle. the pass promised brought Has clouds counselors. as Willard and mer Snow

plunge Which their misty walls to On Wednesday, February 14, 1849, horizon; the

Like bleached and billowed sails the as the people were preparing to move seawind crowds, from the Old Fort to permanent homeAnd on the desert swift their shadsites in the valley, President Brigham run. ows it committee, and the met with Young wagonwheels, slow But those into the city to divide decided tightwas clay, with choked

Groaned beneath their loads nineteen wards of nine blocks each.

eight miles that day. On February 22, many of the bishops of the city wards were ordained.

(This day is remembered today throughout the valley by ward reMY HERITAGE unions.)that the Presidentcity shouldYoung'sbe advicefenced wasby

By Thetma Park Seegmiller wards, and that the bishops should gather up the poor and look after gold, miner's left the not me them.They

in mold. priceless aged papyrus Nor colonization the of West exAs the keep, to art mine master's wasNo organized stakes other were—Photograph by L. Grant Lofgreen panded, reap, to harvests mine bounteousNo

No treasure ship from out the deep as soon as membership and other conit.Was mine to hold. WHEN GRANDMAMA WENT ditions warranted

21, the In 1900, Jordan January on CALLING still, treasures greater these butNot in the southern organized Stake was will. their unwritten mine byAre By Maurine of following the county. Jacobs part care, The tender love and gave oneThe

blessing here, a sweet word 28, Granite Stake week, was JanuaryA calling, she had went Grandmama I wept, comfort fed whenShe me there. When the jurisdiction having organized, over fun. of a lot kept; vigil soul o'er a myAnd of the frills between wards petticoats, new boundaries on her dozen She donned

one. every stakes. Salt the Lake Jordan and strong, health other, courage andThe

up her parasol, so tiny, lacy opened the wrong. She for shun right and city four four and wards TwentyTo fight

edged, life in such live a way, myTo "country"wards—Brighton, along the pathway, right stepped lift to day And from day I mightThat Center, Green, hedged. cleverly and Cannon—remainedPleasant lay in that pathway loadThe my

And go along. She knocked on the door quite sharply, in the Salt Lake Stake.

waited, watching so In 1904, Salt Lake Stake was again promptly, on her why, one came And store of wisdom's much left meThey divided, forming three stakes—new she'd go wayif no pain they through earned they hadThat Liberty, Pioneer, Ensign. and The neighbor, the winged sit on another see To bore:

A name no man has dared to mar, sofa there, most recent division of the Salt Lake

Ideals to fasten to my star, Or if she scanned the album, upon a rockStake came in 1940, when Riverside chair. ing desire to travel far andHope organized. Stake was

if at night she visited, the lamp stood And of search more.In as Today, Salt Lake Stake looks the in room,

Yes, I have wealth few men possess, All polished, trim, and ready to drive away back on its first century of existence* it

Left by them for. my treasure chest. the gloom. sees twentyfour stakes functioning in

dainty, trimmed coat Grandmother's was give, that thanks onlyThe it Salt once Lake County—where braid. beads and with live, to the sonsIs teach wayI can my alone. a stood cenTruly, it has been calling, she life's was a went all Grandmama through put grat sieve, When gemsTo growth. of tury attractive maid. most the best. hordeAnd

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ica were settlements that made the of the United a land and Uke of the independentStates a land landof liberty eanvvi% of freedom inevitable, but it did not come for nearly two centuries.MORMON MIGRATION 'T'he Mormon journeys and the

journey into the Oregon Territory brought almost instantaneous m j,mencan /4i6torv success. I do not say that these

journeys are the causes of the ultiBy the Honorable ELBERT D. THOMAS mate change and the overcoming of

UNITED STATES SENATOR FROM UTAH international struggle for the western part of the United States. But

As given in the Senate of the United States viewed merely as incidents in the restlessness and national striving which was the spirit of America at 1847 Utah was Mexican terBattalion. This march cut the Mexthat time, they stand out so strongly

INritory. For years the contest for icancontrolled empire in two. When that if they had acted entirely alone,

the control of what is now the it is remembered that this battalion the results would have been the western part of the United States was recruited from Mormons already same. The dividing of the Spanishhad been going on. The Spanishon the march, Mormon incentive Mexican empire, the permanent

Mexican control reached as far and influence should be credited as settlment in San Francisco, the pernorth as what is now the southern a contributing force. Two were manent settlement in the Salt Lake

boundary of Oregon. The Russians wholly inspired by Mormon thought; Valley, the permanent settlement in

were in Alaska and had settlements the pioneer journey, under the leadthe Oregon country would have down the coast as far as the Russian ership of Brigham Young into the brought by themselves the same reRiver in California. French fur Salt Lake Valley, and the trip of sult in time, while mere adventure,

traders had penetrated most of the Sam Brannan and his associates mere conquest, mere seeking of

West, and traders from all nations around the Horn to San Francisco. wealth would not have done it.

were wandering over it. The British The fourth decisive journey was These four movements did make cerclaimed the Pacific Coast as far the movement of the devout settlers tain that the intermountain and

down as northern California. The carrying the Bible and the plow into Pacific Coast country would be

United States, thought of today as the Oregon Territory. American.

an expanding world power, seemed The Oregon journeys were for The great expansion of which this then to be checked as a controller of homemaking and home building. was a part did not stop with the

the Pacific coastline. The Mormon expeditions were for coast. Perry with his ships was in

We of today, sensing our debt to the same purposes, but motivated by Japan by 1853. Caleb Gushing had

our pioneer fathers, never cease honrevelation and in fulfilment of prophnegotiated his treaty in China even oring them for their courage, their ecy. These purposes were high, before this in 1 844. And a continufaith, their zeal, and their persistence lofty, and splendid. The two Moring movement of the Mormon part of

in carrying the American flag into moninspired movements had above this restlessness was reflected in the foreign territory. Because these chartheir vision, their purposefulness, Gibson "conquest"in Hawaii in

acteristics of courage and faith are their relying on the plow and the 1 861. Mormon missionaries had cirso worthy of honor and so satisfying Bible, and their homebuilding culcled the globe before the death of

to us, we sometimes fail to recognize ture, something more significant their Prophetfounder in 1844 and the real significance, in an internafrom the standpoint of nationbuild- before the migration to the Rocky tional sense, of what they did. ing. It was their international effect. Mountains began.

Millions have made homes in foreign The Mormon pioneer movement,

A merica in 1 84547, and for many lands without affecting the internawhether viewed as a part of the years after and before, was on tional policies of those lands. But spread of the white man over the

the alert, on the move, and restless the two Mormon journeys and the globe, or whether viewed as a moveabout her boundaries. There was the journey of the Oregon pioneers had ment inspired by western United

Texas independence and then the meaning bigger than is generally recStates restlessness, has left its mark

Mexican War. Both were repercusognized. They meant a transferring on its people and in the development

sions of restlessly expanding culof political sovereignty, a transportof American culture and traditions.

tural and political groups with ecoing of a culture and a civilization, It is for this reason that the thoughtnomic hopes. and making certain a land dedicated ful people throughout the whole

Four outstanding movements, to the free. The Pilgrim Fathers earth recognize the Mormon conhowever, were movements above wanted a home where they could tribution in the development of

that of mere adventure, conquest, or worship God as they saw fit. America. Every true follower of

pursuit of wealth. One, although They expected it under the sanction the Mormon ideal, whether he be

connected with war and therefore a of a king whose homeland did not American or foreignborn, knows part of conquest, was the march of let persons worship as they saw fit. the part America is to play in the

Kearny's army with its Mormon This settlement with others in Amerultimate destiny of the world.

OCTOBER 1947 657 \Jctober Wkatoftke FUTURE HISTORY IN CHURCH P. Pratt, of AMERICA? Cowdery, ParleyOliver

Peter Whitmer, Jr., and Ziba

Peterson were called by revelaBy the Honorable ARTHUR V. WATKINS

tion the gosin October 1 830 to preach

UNITED STATES SENATOR FROM UTAHpel to the Lamanites, C. 32.) (D. &

They left the same month, and en route to Indian country they established a large branch of the Church at Kirtshall be the future of the dreamed of. She may be the savior Whatworld's greatest nation, born of the liberties of mankind and leadland, Ohio. Among the people baptized by these missionaries at Kirtland 171 years ago yesterday? nations into an era of peace and

was Sidney Rigdon. This is a question with which the good will, or, she may, through the

Elder David W. Patten of the Counwhole world is deeply concerned, gigantic forces she, in her produccil of the Twelve sealed his testimony for in the keeping of America, as tive might has discovered and

with his blood during mob violence on world events have shaped themlearned to use so destructively, send the Crooked River, Ray County, Misselves, is the destiny of the libertyherself and other nations of the souri. He was buried October 27, 1838, loving peoples of the earth. earth to the oblivion from which the

at funeral, of the day Far West. The not, it or the nations of the past have never reWhether we wish his issued L. BoggsGovernor W.

fate is in hands. turned. our of the world order, exterminationfamous which

gave the Saints the choice between It is an unparalleled responsibility, Whether America's rendezvous banishment from the state of Missouri and yet at the same time a great and with destiny will be one of glory or and death. glorious opportunity. destruction lies in her own hands.

From my earliest infancy I have To make it one of glory she must eleven there 1844, were October that of the taught land been Amerpil- beginning, her her rememberIN fully organized, of all seventy is quorums other ica land choice a above fathers grim others and came who elders, there of twelve quorumsand it the that lands; from kept was this to that land they might worship in twelfth the quoelders fortybeing rest the of the of world knowledge his keep and commandments. Godrum. for centuries, revealed to be many

to has that at but She Saints remember the of poor camp The establishwas in for the time God's own 1846. at October theorganized of founding the Republic she Nauvoo inspired nation great of a ment by that miracutheThis was was camp great principle the adopted "All that

that nation have the would quail. men—alously fed by are created equal and men endowed opportunities and organized responsibilities Salt Stake was Lake The their incertain Creator with by

in its that history are sometime 3, 1847. page 631.) (SeeOctober rights, alienable are which among

Temple was Nauvoo The burned by America's today. life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-

9, 1848. incendiary Octoberan

The Perpetual Emigration Fund was HPhere have been many powerful piness."

organized at general conference Ocnations in the past which had She has but to remember that in tober 6, 1849. opportunities for enduring greatthe sacred document adopted 171

first the informabringing mail years the patriots The ago under God, ness, gone they have but one one by of organization tion the Utah about their "Mutually pledged sacred of destruction because to down Salt in the received Territory was principles those honor to maintain forgot decay. moral and God They 15, 1850. October ValleyLake liberty."of human his commandments. Epistle In General "Thirteenth the

to the Church,"issued by the First Yes, the America of today has She has but to remember that her

Presidency, October 29, 1855, it was possibilities of greatness yet ungreatness and her power today came advocated that the Saints using the Peras gifts from God and because she petual Emigration Fund should cross tried to live as a Christian nation the plains by handcart. even though she stumbled and falCaptain Edward Martin's handcart IMMIGRANTS CHILD tered at times in her well doing.

company, detained by early snows,

By Dale Suthernwas met by a rescue party sixteen miles Tn short, she has but to repent in above the Platte bridge October 28, TJTeart within me beating strong and glad, sackcloth and ashes of her 1856. r * Be ever thankful to be living here

The first conference held in the In this bright land where liberty is clad drunkenness, her licentiousness, her fear nurture not In clean robes that do selfishness sweet hatreds all those and and Square present Tabernacle on Temple fellow of her malice toward man germs Nor vices that unChristian her drag 6, 1867. Octoberwas convened sea. the lands in lives beyond wasted Who

Zion's Cooperative Mercantile InBe ever thankful that my spirit can, down, and once more become active stitution, was organized in Salt Lake Despite its pride, express humility. in spirit and in deed in living the

1868. 16, Shortly thereCity October

this institution after of branches were IMyam fatherproud,broughtindeed, histhattrustingto this newmadeplace gospelHavingof thedoneChrist.this, she will, under

organized in most of the settlements in wife with her a fireside, and raise God, keep her rendezvous with To found territory. the

from of young World glory. Old brood away A Tabernacle was dediSalt Lake The

strife. Of this I testify. Of this I am 9, during conference October cated strive to understand within me, Heart Proud

1875. The vast fulfilment pregnant in this land. sure.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in activity missionary was expanded(BoDkhatL The Church Moves On the early 1850's. found their They

page ( Concluded 632 from destination, Chile, torn revolution, by DESTINY HUMAN assistof direction Elder Sonne, Alma states the several to and returned du Nouy. Longmans, Green (LeComte ant to the of the Council Twelve later. and months 1947. York. & Co., New president Mission. of the European

289 pages. $3.50.) This will be the third mission for In September 1925 Elder Melvin J.

A prominent scientist here presents President Williams. He served as a Ballard of the Council of the Twelve

his views of the origin and destiny missionary in the South American Miswas called to open the South American of man and attempts to reconcile scision from 1927 to 1929. He was presiMission. He took with him Elders

ence and faith. He holds that man has dent of the Argentine Mission from Rulon S. Wells and Rey L. Pratt of the

evolved through immense time periods 1938 to 1942. This new mission will be First Council of the Seventy, the forfrom simple primitive forms of life. opened among the people of Uruguay. mer being conversant in the German

Somewhere along the way conscience Finland was dedicated for the language, and the latter with the Spanwas acquired, with tradition (memory) preaching of the gospel by Elder Franish. Elder Ballard dedicated the land

and other marks distinguishing him cis M. Lyman of the Council of the for the preaching of the gospel on

from the lower animals. Man possesses Twelve in August 1903. The missionChristmas Day, 1925, and the three

two natures: the ancient physiological ary activity that has been carried forGeneral Authorities left Buenos Aires

one and the new spiritual one. Henceward in this land has been under the for home in July 1926, leaving the work

forth, his battle will be for the subjecdirection of the Swedish Mission. Finin the hands of a corps of missionaries.

tion of purely animal appetites. As he land was rededicated for the preaching The Church now has forty missions:

conquers, he will evolve into increasing of the gospel by Elder Ezra Taft BenUnited States, 14; North America

spiritual power. Man's destiny is to son of the Council of the Twelve dur- (other than the United States), 3;

foster spiritual evolution so that he ing his recent mission in Europe. South America, 3; Europe, 11; Asia

may rise higher and higher, by increasParley P. Pratt went to South AmerMinor, 1; Africa, 1; Australia and the

ing mastery of the body. Reverently ica with several others as worldwide Pacific Islands, 7.

he accepts God, who is not denned beyond being an idea, and who is known because man seeks him. All this is set

forth very lucidly by a wealth of sci- c.

entific facts and theories. Excellent and sincere as the reasoning is, it leaves the PATT reader confused. Nothing is really setERNyPB06s;

tled. It is an example of the human

need for light. The author hunts in the

dark. Any Latterday Saint could enlighten him. Thank God for the gospel!—/. A. W.

PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM (Gustive O. Larson. Marshall Jones

Company. 1947. 323 pages. $3.50.)

'"Phis intelligent, scholarly study concerns itself primarily with one of thetoil—themost Perpetualintriguing phasesEmigrationof pioneerFund.

The fund and its operation embodied all the hopes and aspirations, the ideals and forces which made the pioneers able to make "the desert to blossom as the rose."Therefore, there are here

laid bare the manner of using pioneer principles of action in building the kingdom of God. This makes the book

a brief but comprehensive history of the whole western movement. "The enterprise succeeded out of all proportion to the promise of circumstance."

That means that it reads a lesson to us of today who are anxiously peering into the future for the peace and prosperity we would have cover the earth.

This survey of cooperative experience in desert conquest, here engagingly told, is a book for this day with its many and disturbing problems. Brimful of littleknown historical facts and

of thoughtprovoking suggestions, it can be read profitably by layman and professional worker alike. It shows

"what wonders may be achieved when many labor together in brotherly love."

—/. A W.

OCTOBER 1947 659 positions in the editorial and business offices, have

Mre -Malt \r Lentury been and are devoted followers of the cause represented by the Era.

themare thrusting events days and Momentous v/oni Old VL WontL solution of the rising, world. selves upon the The

HPhe Improvement Era is fifty years old! foaming problems is found in the gospel of Jesus

The first number, dated November 1 897, promChrist. The Improvement Era prayerfully hopes

ised its readers that it would help the faithful in to be able to state the ancient enlivening truth in the Church; the indifferent and the wayward; parmodern language, to help build the Lord's people

ents who are rearing an acceptable generation to toward perfection, and to enlighten a confused the Lord; the priesthood and officers of the Church; world. It desires to help prepare the nations for

and truth seekers the world over, especially in the the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.

missions. It would be a voice testifying to the In all this, as the magazine sweeps the horizons

truth of the restored gospel, a faithengendering of truth and human needs, its first consideration challenge for saints and sinners. It was to be a will be as in the past the youth of Zion, M.I.A.

builder of faith in the restored gospel. workers, the generation of today who will reform

These objectives, with others that have since the earth tomorrow. In addition, The Improvement

been added, have remained close to the Era heart. Era will continue to serve as the official organ of

With a measure of pride it may be said that the the priesthood quorums, the departments of edumagazine has given bountiful life to the plan of cation, ward teachers, the general Church music its founders. Its fifty volumes are treasure houses committee, and the other agencies of the Church.

interpretative, Again we make our bow. We shall not forget of truth—historical, educational,

collected, President Grant's admonition: "Make the Era and prophetic—which someday will be

condensed, and published for this generation. faith promoting, and place it in every home of the

In its young maturity, the Era fell in love. The Church."We can only express gratitude, and a

union with the Young Woman's Journal was a promise to carry on.

notable Church event which proved successful. So, here's to the future, the next fifty years! Let

usually as is lady, the case, has all hands give The contracting A. W. help!—/. finer work. greater, inspired the Era to

Today the magazine is in good health, with not ideas, with overflowing knee, new creaky a some Uke alter of oeamm9 it is determined But the for startling, coming years.

to bind everything securely to the original purpose f)NE of the most stimulating beliefs of Latterday and plan. Saints is that there is no end to learning. This

As The Improvement Era now takes its birthseems particularly fitting to recall during the season day bow, it surveys, gratefully, the hundreds of when schoolbells summon young folk back to thousands of its readers, the thousands of enschool, for learning is not a matter of season or of thusiastic workers, the battalion of thoughtful conplace but it is rather an attitude that keeps the one tributors, and the numerous others that have made who possesses it ever on the alert for continued possible this halfcentury of successful endeavor. study.

The grownup Era is grateful today. With the belief held by Latterday Saints in

The Era comes of an illustrious family. The eternal progression, we certainly should try to

Church has always had a printed voice or voices, establish the habit of study in mortality so that from the Messenger and Advocate (18341837); we may continue with it throughout our lives here

the Evening and Morning Star ( 18321834); The as well as hereafter. It is important that we preElders'Journal (18371838); the Times and Seaserve this openminded attitude to learning, but it

sons (18391846); the Journal of Discourses is not merely a matter of being able to learn that

(18541886); to The Contributor (18791896), is important: it is choosing what to learn. Life

which the Era succeeded. Each tried to fit its own is largely a selection, a choice, and it behooves all

times, was actuated by the gospel spirit. of us to learn to choose those things that we shall

The senior editor has always been a servant of be proud to know eternally.

the Most High. President Joseph F. Smith was Naturally, we have to live in the world of our

the first, followed by President Heber J. Grant, own time and so should keep abreast of the hapthe virtual founder of the magazine, and he in penings of the time. But we should avoid getting

turn by the present beloved President of the lost in the dayby-day events to the exclusion of

Church, George Albert Smith, who was instruthose things that have eternal value. We must

mental in bringing about the combination of the learn to choose the best from all that the world

EIra and the Young Woman's Journal and in adopthas to offer—and we shall need to study diligently

ing the present format. The many others, in lesser and endlessly to find what that best is. M. C. /.

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3)fflDENCEB onJ RECDHC IllflTIDHt

/-"cxvi.L A/1svm We P*roare55ina? reallymust besatisfactoryknown, andadvancementprogress inis themdesired.secured if

rpHE determining law of the gospel is the possiThe spectrum or parts of rounded or complete bility of eternal progression. The plan of salvaprogress has often been given by revelation. One

tion was formulated to enable those present in the of the most direct and inclusive is found in section preexistent great council to progress. The meanfour of the Doctrine and Covenants.

ing of any gospel principle or ordinance may be The primary principles of progress there given, understood by reference to this law. Our own which "qualify a person for the work"are: 1.

standing before the Lord, now and hereafter, is Faith; 2. Hope; 3. Charity; and 4. Love. A person

measured by our progress from time to time. It is in a state of progress has faith in the existence of

a fundamental, and therefore a controlling law of an unseen world in which God and other beings the gospel. In the words of Brigham Young, dwell; a faith which makes him ready to yield

"What are we here for? To learn to enjoy more, obedience to the requirements which issue from

and to increase in knowledge and experience."1 that world. He has the hope or certain trust that

Progress means a moving forward from place to God's purpose overshadows all the acts of man.

place, from knowledge to knowledge, from action He proceeds to help his frail fellow men in their to action. It is a process of adding to that which attempts to progress; thus becoming a partner with

we now possess, by the elimination of errors,, by God in working out the plan of salvation. His

the actual accretion of new truth, and by the deevery act is directed by the spirit of love for God, velopment of greater selfmastery. It is a process the divine gospel with its requirements, and all the

by which increased power of every faculty is creatures of the Lord. These are cornerstones in a

gained. It is a process of growth and development, progressive life.

a movement towards greater maturity. It is a These basic principles are in turn broken down

steady approach to the likeness of God. into secondary propositions derived from the priProgress is active and increasing. That which is mary ones: 1. Virtue; 2. Knowledge; 3. Temperstatic does not come within the province of adance; 4. Patience; 5. Brotherly Kindness; 6. Godlivancement. They who are satisfied with the past, ness; 7. Humility; 8; Diligence. That is, the peror who hesitate to toil for added knowledge, or son who really desires to progress, keeps himself

who are unwilling to give life to their possessions clean morally; he is a seeker after knowledge; he

by constant use, are not in a state of progress. is master of himself; he is able to wait until the

Effort is required to lay by the errors of the past, Lord gives results; he is kind to all men, who, like

to invade the kingdom of increasing truth, and to himself, are children of God; he strives in all things

set every new gain into action. Such persons alone to do God's will, to keep his commandments; he

are progressing. Activity in conforming to and recognizes his own limitations and the limitations

using truth, God's commandments, is the first conplaced upon all children of the earth; and in all

dition for joining the advancing hosts. righteous endeavors he is constantly active.

Progress must be rounded. Some choose one Combine these in a human life, and new paths

corner of the field of life, and progress in it to the to progress will be seen, constant development will exclusion of all else. That is not true progress. follow, and the white light of full progress will

If the seven primary colors are painted in proper shine brightly and steadily. Those who so live are

proportion on a revolving disk, it appears to be the elect of God who shall receive a fulness of white. Remove one of the colors, or change its glory, have eternal increase, and be as the Gods. 3

proportion, and the result is a reddish, blueish, or There is nothing difficult about this program for yellowish disk. Or, a beam of the white light of progress. They who follow it, find it easy, for

our existence passed through a glass prism is when they ask, they shall receive, when they broken into its constituent colors. In just such a knock, it shall be opened unto them. 3 Besides, the

manner progress in several fields is necessary for test of progress is whether we do earnestly seek the complete progress which will win divine apto comply with this program. Our actual achieveproval. Unhappiness, and often misery, follow the ments count for little compared with the efforts

failure to recognize the necessity of complete for progress we put forth.

progress in life.

Under this program the individual is of foreAll men deal with the two phases of life, the most importance. How the man behaves, how he material and the spiritual; that of the body, and

that of the spirit. These are closely interrelated. uses the facts or forces at his command determines

teleThey touch at every point. Yet each may be known his progress. The physical gains of man—the

and differentiated by our inborn powers. Both phone, automobile, or (Concluded on page 688)

2D. 6 C. 132:19. 20

discourses of Brigham Young, p. 87 3D. & C. 4:7

OCTOBER 1947 661 Butter or Margarine Bacon Slices Milk Luncheon =*=HDHINK Cold meat sandwiches on enriched bread.

Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches on

Kingsley importuning him to come wholewheat bread.

and eat his mutton, and admire his Apple Milk f-ostaqeaae J>tc—icamps sermons "some Sunday at EversDinner

AND OUR FRIENDS Johnsbury,ley"; or the Vermont,little miss,whenlivingRobertin St. Browned RoastPotatoesShoulder of LambCreamed Peas

Louis Stevenson, in a letter, "deeded Orange SlicesButteredon EndiveSquashFrench Dressing 3LJ WcSbonati over"his birthday, the thirteenth Biscuits day of November, because she had Butter or Margarine

Cherry Marlow Beans with Satt Pork BakedAverying, busythe otherwomanday,wasthebewailfact beenon Christmasbewailing daythe factratherthat thanhers fellon that she was evidently losing some particular day, like other chil- 2 cups dried navy beans 1 onion, chopped scintillate letters dren's. and Such of friends her acquaintmany whose

salt 2 teaspoons hearts just as sparkle our and warm ance highly. she just valued She 6 catsup tablespoons should. out the send one we couldn't understand why. Apparentsalt pork pound y2 either, for a minute, think Don't 1 liked ly they molasses tablepsoon put her had her and on

their favored list only, later, seemthat the writer of today, however teaspoon dry mustard ingly to forget that she existed. It great or humble, does not appreciate tablespoons brown sugar

letters. frequently Quite he hurt because they were friends really your beans. slowly pick over and Cook Wash sleepless nights in order spends while.worth to in until tender. to cover, water Drain

On questioning her, we learned make his brain children presentable liquid and save. Sear salt pork and placeoff

that these social contacts had been to you. If something he says pleases, in bottom of baking dish or cooker. Mix

liquid, ingredients pour and bean you, a remaining inspires, helps drop or him friends onesided.most had Her slightly. beans. over bake Cover; Mix It will so. put a glow him line and tell all callingdone practically the and until flavors four hours, or and browned

corresponding. in his heart. are well blended, in moderate oven 350

"I am too busy to call,"she in- F. Add more water if beans dry during

formed us, "and I just can't find the baking.

time to write."Cook's Corner To cook in pressure saucepan, soak beans

in cold onehalf quarts overnight one and are deserving of not you "Then B. Nichols Josephine

salt in water. of cookPlace pork bottom their her, friendship,"told which we

er. ingredients, close remaining covAdd deal a great vary BUDGETS "pOOD may grace.statement she took poor with forty at pressure minutes. er; cook Rein the income families same among to bring here Right out want we to heat allow pressure from and move and vary budgets group. But food may to point that tryingthe are make. normally. drop we

nutrition still and satisfactory provide are all of us—We busy—hundreds Cabbage Creamy to day. Slaw variety from pleasing day A ofbut most us keep our friends large head medium head Allow 34 diet updepends or J by balanced, economical

means of postage stamps! Personalon good planning and proper preparaof fresh tender green or red cabbage for

ly, I never count the cost of little fortion. It's not how much you spend but one pint slaw. Use a long sharp knife and

fine. crisp in shred very cabbage Toss labels to thatwarding when put counts. it that you spend purhow

to large dressing with enough cream bowl stamp, a postage used in cost and high that arepose. And low Menus well. Chill shreds 15 coat and minutes

frequently, often cements friendships in nutrition: serve.

all time.for I know! That No. 1 Menu dress slaw, grated up cabbage add To It takes only minutes of your a few Breakfast carrot raw and green pepper chopped

time to send a cheery "hello"by the Orange Juice diced celery and cucumber or diced redorpostman—across the continent or Hot Cereal apple.

thin or Milk Cream the acrosseven you street—when Creamy Dressing for Slaw Scrambled Eggare to too it pays. busy For call—and Enriched Bread sur cream Toast Yl part,our stop CUP our wouldn't own we

or Butter Margarine 3 vinegar teaspoons for postageprodigal spending stamp Milk 2 teaspoons sugarall the world. We get too much real Luncheon 1 teaspon salt

pleasure out of it. Vegetable Soup Mix all ingredients together. To sour

The great of earth practise it, too, Crackers sweet cream add one tablespoon of lemon we notice, and what joy it gives us Melon or Apple Sauce juice and let stand thirty minutes.

Milk to mortals get ahumbler letter, howCookies Boston Brown Bread Dinner short,ever one. from such a

Frankfurters 1 cup sifted enriched flour

Baked Beans Cabbage Slaw 1 cup whole wheat flour t-Tow the old clockmaker must have Boston Brown Bread 1 cup cornmeal enjoyed the letter from Charles Butter or Margarine \ l/2 teaspoons soda

Dickens about the timepiece "with Peach Cobbler Milk 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon No. 2 baking powder Menusomething on its works"or the hum-

}/> Breakfast cup raisins ble pastor, the Reverend Peter Stewed Prunes % cup molasses

Wood, the letter from Charles Hot Cakes Honey 2 cups sour milk 662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mix all dry ingredients together. Comvi

bine molasses and milk and add to dry ingredients. Fill three greased onepound

baking cans full. Cover, steam for three

hours, in pressure saucepan or place on m-mmkm mm boiling water, place 5 cupsrack. Add

cover on cooker and cook at pressure 40 minutes. Remove from heat and allow

pressure to drop normally.

Cherry Marlow

'1 cup evaporated 16 marshmallows, whole milk forth INtlfc S4\tf * s ]/2 teaspoon vanilla Y2 teaspoon almond extract chilled milk, evaporated 1 cup JMMi ki w m4 cherries maraschino cups Y$ milk one cup Combine and marshmaluntil well:;.:;i'boilinglows. over water Cook

blended. Cool; add vanilla and almond

extract. Whip chilled milk until stiff and

fold thenfold mixture, into marshmallow.'-'-''::"::/; '": in then fold mixture in marmarshmallow mm,B

aschino cherries that have been cut in small.pieces. Pour into freezing tray. Freeze in w Mrko OT4\k.po|. S4-\fe $&-}.

refrigerator.

fm-:/'-- I wkjUb l4"&|o&&k|&

a.lw fcj&fc lirytoploi #4-vfilou:;::. m.jMmJ

r* w rlftnifKints;\,i Hp50k

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

submitted, arethat idea two with the same earlier will the ML: receive postmarkedthe one

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration. **MJ 4>i H S

Cover a brick with gay material and make a removable slipcover. You'll have a doorstop heavy enough for holding doors open

and attractive enough to fit in with your decorative schemes. Miss N. T Seattle,

Washington. W, '41

AMSU Ironing cords have a way of wearing six or eight inches back of their connection to iL the iron. When you notice the first sign of

wear, wrap the cord snugly with ordinary r-'- 7'<J twine, laying the twine close together and tying the ends securely. This is much more *!

the.satisfactory usual than method of tt 1H1| friction tape, the black wrapping with as

off pieces tape often comes on the you are 5? ironing. F. T., City, Salt Utah. Mrs. Lake

lace, pieces fragile of small wash To put 'b Si-} filled:in jar suds, vigorwith a fruit shake

ously for a few minutes, then rinse in the same way.—Mrs. E. P., Salt Lake City,

Utah.

Instead of sending that rug to the cleaner's clean it yourself with cornmeal and ammonia. Take one pint of coarse cornmeal and enough ammonia to moisten and (,-'1 k MMtm S4-)wa MUwhieiib

rub in on the rug with a cloth. Let stand

for fifteen minutes and sweep it off with a clean broom. Do not moisten more than a

pint of cornmeal at a time because the ammonia evaporates. This treatment will make

the rug bright and clean. G. C, Lansing,

Michigan. 663 OCTOBER 1947.

LET'S TALK IT OVER {Concluded from page 649) apply individually the broad prin-

I no ciples felt observance? ourselves—gaining

benefitsImprovement Era entertainingpersonal or material ends at the most of you do who oftime—asSabbath of just the helping joy out where in use the Sundays somewhat same

needed. badly I benefited greatly by way—that This all brings us back to the fact pracSunday piano my hours of

that much as I might like to say, tice. I have sometimes chosen inSubscribers..

"Do this. Don't do that. This is all ferior gains because in my inexperiThe ERA gives you much of right. That is not,"it can't be done ence they looked a little more allurihe best current CHURCH -—either by me or anyone else. Our ing to me than the really superior

LITERATURE. Within its covFather, himself, has not chosen to benefits. Now I know that I missed

ers you find each month audo it. Rather, he has chosen to give something better in that year. I am

thoritative material written or us basic principles. They are found still missing something of the full

leaders. spoken our Church by in fourth the where commandment, great a are so Sabbath value—and

it is is stated the seventh day occurred Has it to you what try of those many who us—even

of priceless theology. the Lord's gems mine yours or It hardest. day—notthat of part our seems to be

poetry downto-earth and in six that Lord's; the days we in life training gos-—but that learn a must we pel in the yearby- have you shall that the our do and work great deal error through hard and of this year volumes magais as blessed seventh hallowed and experience, but the smarter and zme;

rest. that of a welcome day How teachable are, the quicker more we

not preserve for them Why principles are be! should These day will principles, learn basic govern we future your reference and your fiftyninth reiterated in the again listen ourselves choice, by sound and children's edification? urge We Doctrine section of the Coveand counsel. to wise to so. do you

nants. We are to go to church and And, speaking of wise counsel,

sacraoblations our and upSingle volumes (12 numbers) bound offer if that, of itself, done perhaps it will help us not to want ments. Just

in durable, attractive, blue cloth unfailingly and with the right spirit too many rules and examples in life, binding, stamped in gold $2.50 would give us the inspiration for if we can remember the time that

each, plus postage. other fine uses of the Sabbath hours. Elijah found that the Lord was not

ourselves of in the wind, nor in the earthquake, Effective September 1, 1947 Why do we cheat the refreshment and inspiration of nor in the fire, but in the "still small

Bring them in or mail them to us the Sabbath day by neglecting.to voice."Listen to yours!

now! ]e5eret%eiA/d {Concluded from pageTHE655)SPOKENso—someWORDschools better than others,

is no allinclusive answer, some teachers better than others,p,re56 There but there are some things to be said some communities better than oth29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City which may indicate the direction in ers. But children are a trust from

which the answer should be looked God who gave them, and there isn't for. Admittedly, parents are busy, any institution, there isn't any

seemingly busier than they have agency, public or private, that can ever been before, busy to the point adequately replace parents. And

where every hour of every day seems there are some tasks we should to be taken up with something. never expect the school to take over.

How much busier we really are We may be exceedingly busy; we

than were parents of the past is a may have many other obligations;

question. And what people did with we may even have come to think that

their time before they had so many our children are a public rather timesaving conveniences is another than a personal problem. But chilpuzzling question. It would almost dren are a first priority responsibilseem that the more timesavers ity with parents, and we may well

we have the less of time we have. ask ourselves: What more imporThat, however, is another subject. tant use is there for time than talkBut part of the price of all this presing out something with our children

sure is that parents often allow when something needs talking out?

other obligations to take precedence How better can we use time than in giving our children the attention over their responsibility to children. they need when they need it, whatTEA GARDEN also makes SYRUP Schools can help with many of the ever time it takes?

JELLY MARMALADE GRAPE JUICE problems of parents—and are doing—August 31, 1947

664 THE IMPROVEMENT IRA full of turkey tricks A yard (as seen at farm of Howard R. Mercer, President of the Central

Nebraska Turkey Association, near Gibbon, Nebraska)

Turkey feed mixer: Old metal oil drum

is hung in welded pipe frame by means of rod run at angle through drum.

Drum is turned by crank fastened to end of rod, mixing contents thoroughly. Hinged lid is welded to top of drum.

,'f founts ter JK Feed Wagon with gravityHp filled compartment at rear permits farmer to scoop out feed mixture with shovel or bucket wherever turkeys are feeding.

Portable water tank n Brooder houses are built on sled consists of wooden sled base, with attachment where frame; watering trough

tractor can hook on and pull (at bottom) made from them out to open pasture half of old water heater;

when young turkeys are and metal drum for proper age for more sun, air water storage. Arrangeand exercise. ment prevents turkeys from roosting above trough

and contaminating their drinking water. Drum

is filled from top, has handle welded on bunghole Nook on sled base—*- for easy turning of plug.

Packs 'em where they're picked How Safeway's buying plan -VG reduces farmer's gamble

are regu- A LARGESafewayPERCENTAGEcustomers of all lar customers. They shop at their

Safeway store dayin and dayPeach grower S. C. Bingham,; of out. And to supply this daily stantial amounts—Safeway helps

Patterson, California, keeps demand at the stores Safeway keep the farmer's selling gamble packers working close to the buys regularly. Take produce for at a minimum. Because it makes

pickers by means of this meexample. Safeway neither specufor steadier prices Safeway's regchanical sorting and sizing lates in farm produce nor stays ular buying of farm products

table. It is hauled by tractor "off the market"in an attempt increases the farmer's opportunto the edge of the orchard.

Idea reduces number of to get better prices. Buying reguity to get a satisfactory return boxes and workers needed, larly—and almost always in subon every food crop he grows.

also improves quality of pack that is sent to canning and Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut "inbetween"costs drying plants. Safeway buys regularly, offering producers a steady market; when purchasing from farmers Safeway accepts no

brokerage, directly or indirectly guard, This simple Safeway pays going prices or better, never offers a price side to bolted of radiator, lower than producer quotes protects air Safeway is ready to help move surpluses cleaner on Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by direct,

B i n gh am's less costly distribution... so consumers can afford to

tractor from damage by low increase their consumption

the neighborhood grocery stores tree limbs in orchard. SAFEWAYOCTOBER 1947 665

Supervision Details for Mission Priesthood Quorums HpHE accompanying letter was sent by Mission Presidents September 10, 1947 the Council of the Twelve to all misand Counselors sion presidents and counselors for the Dear Brethren:

purpose of outlining in some detail, In the June 20, 1947, letter of the First Presidency to presidencies matters connected with priesthood of missions, regarding the organization of priesthood quorums within the quorum organization and supervision missions, it is directed that "the details incident to priesthood quorum within the missions of the Church. organization and supervision within the missions, under the direction

of the general priesthood committee, will be worked out and further

Melchizedek Priesthood appropriatePursuantnoticeto thisgiven."instruction, the general priesthood committee of

Responsibility Toward the Council of the Twelve has given attention to the above matter, and we submit herewith the following outline, which has the approval

First the for Presidency, your guidance in the supervision and direcServicemen of elders'tion of the missions: quorums in

Published herewith, for the informa- 1. All elders'quorums in missions are to be considered mission

tion of all concerned, is a letter quorums, and mission presidents and their counselors will have the under date of September 10, 1947, sent direct responsibility for the supervision of the work and activities of by the Council of the Twelve to presielders'quorums in their respective missions. In order to supervise more

dents of stakes and counselors, and effectively this important Melchizedek Priesthood work, it is suggested presidents of missions and counselors. that there may be created in each mission where elders'quorums may

Also reproduced is a copy of the report be organized, a mission Melchizedek Priesthood committee, with the of Latterday Saint servicemen to mission president as chairman and the secretary of the mission as which reference is made. committee secretary. The mission president may appoint other memParticular attention is called to the bers to this committee from his counselors, district presidents, and/or

fact that Melchizedek Priesthood factquorum presidents, as he may deem advisable.

finding and statistical committees are 2. All report books, forms, other supplies, and printed instructions

given special assignments under the diwill be provided by the general priesthood committee, upon request, rection of the stake Melchizedek through the mission president, supplemented by current instructions

Priesthood committee. appearing on the Melchizedek Priesthood pages of The Improvement

The need for adequate contact with Era and the Church News. A copy of the Melchizedek Priesthood

our servicemen makes it desirable to Handbook, when prepared, will be sent to all mission presidents.

stress the great importance of faithQuarterly reports will be expected from each mission, where elders'fully, and conscientiously accepting quorums are organized, and supplies will be furnished, as in the case of and fulfilling these new duties assigned. the stakes, by the general priesthood committee.

The letter and report form appear 3. All reports will start as of January 1, 1948, and as new quoon pages 667 and 674. rums are organized, their reports shall start as of the beginning of the

first quarter following the organization.

Third Quarter needed,4. withElders'a groupgroups,leaderas unitsand secretary,of quorums,and allmayquorumsbe organizedshould oras

Reports Due programganize therecommendedrecommended forthreequorums,standingascommittees,in stakes, andinsofarcarry asoutlocalthe 'T'he current report period ended conditions may warrant.

Sunday, September 28. Secretaries 5. The matter of holding priesthood leadership meetings for

should have completed their quarterly elders'quorum officers is left to the discretion of the mission president, reports on this day and sent them to with the understanding, however, that effective supervision of elders'those responsible for their compilation work can only be accomplished adequately through periodic contacts with officers. quorum secresecretaries to quorum—group

6. The the totaries, and quorum secretaries general priesthood committee will prepare a set of inchairman of the stake Melchizedek structions which will be sent to you for inclusion in your handbook.

Priesthood committee. Such coopera- Instructions to Mission Presidents.

tion would permit all reports to be 7. All recommendations by mission presidents, requesting authoraudited and compiled and sent to the ization to effect the organization of elders'quorums, should be submitted

general priesthood committee by the to the First Presidency, 47 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, fifth of October. None should arrive Utah. Each recommendation should be accompanied by a list of the

later than October 15. number and location of priesthood members available for the elders'

May we remind chairmen of the quorum organization, together with a simple map showing the prieststake Melchizedek Priesthood commithood distribution and distances between various groups.

tee that they are directly responsible Praying the Lord to bless you in this and all other phases of your for seeing that quarterly and annual ministry, we are reports are promptly and accurately Faithfully your brethren, submitted. They cannot justifiably The Council of the Twelve

shirk this responsibility; neither may

they place the blame for delinquency on others. The priesthood work in the

stake is the direct responsibility of the President.

( Concluded on page 674 666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

TWELVE HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY,

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG,

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH A Call to Arms

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE '"Phis is an unusual title for an article

Presidents of Stakes and Counselors and September 10, 1947 in this column, but its meaning is

Presidents of Missions and Counselors not hard to guess. For something must

Re: L.D.S. Servicemen be done of a combative nature if we

Dear Brethren: are to be "true to the faith"and loyal

Recent extensive surveys of military installations within the various to our professions. Satan, the devil, is

stakes and missions of the United States reveal that the present proabroad in the land and is supported by cedure for finding our servicemen, and veterans attending school, has a multitude of helpers. These are all

failed to a material degree. This is primarily because the names and very active in trying to weaken our

upto-date addresses of these brethren have not been furnished the religious faith and lead us into sinful appropriate mission or stake presidents. ways. To avoid being overcome we

In addition to the specific duties outlined in the First Presidency's must rouse, get on our toes, and in every letter of March 10, 1947, we desire that you supplement and enhance feasible way, resist and oppose the your activities by: efforts and influences that seek to de-

1. Assigning to your stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee, stroy us. A donothing attitude on our

or a military service subcommittee, in the case of stakes, and to carepart is extremely dangerous for us, but fully selected and appointed supervisors, in the case of missions, the very satisfying to Satan.

specific responsibility to: As is wellknown, Latterday Saints

a. Use the quorum factfinding and statistical committees (in cannot smoke, drink, gamble, profane

stakes ) to secure the names and current addresses referred to above of the name of Deity, or do many other all such men holding the Melchizedek Priesthood. Have them incorpothings sinlessly, for such indulgences

rate this information on the attached cards and forward same to the are violative of their tenets. But inchairman of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee. Insure the dulgence in all of these sinful things is

collection of this information for all brethren concerned who may heremore or less common in every comafter go into the service, and for veterans who may hereafter go munity. Also, many indulgences violate

away to school. civil laws. These violations, whether

b. Collect and forward, through your stake Melchizedek Priestof religious or civil laws, create a bad

hood committee (mission presidents in missions), the foregoing inand unwholesome environment. It is

formation to the general priesthood committee, 47 East South Temple to reduce or eliminate such an environStreet, Salt Lake City, Utah. (The Presiding Bishopric is securing the ment that all good people should strugsame information through the bishops on all Aaronic Priesthood memgle harder than they have generally

bers and those without the priesthood.) This information is to be sent heretofore done. For in the main, the

in quarterly with the stake Melchizedek Priesthood report. environment grows worse instead of

c. Insure that the personal welfare committees of the Melchizedek better.

Priesthood quorums correspond regularly—-at least once each month With respect to liquor and tobacco,

with all quorum members in the service or away from home attending their consumption is on the increase school; that they arrange to send appropriate literature and for the everywhere. More people are indulgreceipt of regular copies of the servicemen's edition of the Church ing, and more misdeeds, chargeable to

News. The Latterday Saint Servicemen's Committee, will send, upon liquor, are occurring than ever before.

request, to all brethren in the service a copy of the servicemen's ediConditions demand our awakening and tion of the Book of Mormon and the book, Principles o[ the Gospel. positive remedial action on the part of

2. Notifying the general priesthood committee, also on the cards all who want a cleaner and better

provided, of the names and new military address of all servicemen, world.

irrespective of priesthood affiliation, who are being transferred from Tobacco:

installations in your area to other military installations. The Latterday

Saint servicemen's committee will act as a clearing house for all names Sufficient evidence now exists to show and addresses received, and will forward them to appropriate stake bestthat ofno whichone whohe orsmokesshe is capable,can achievewhetherthe and mission presidents, so that they can contact the servicemen and this be a foot race, a prize fight, a golf game, veterans stationed in their areas in accordance with the Presidency's a rifle score, bombing the Reich, writing, letter of March 10, 1947. speaking, singing, acting, performing on a

This is a major responsibility, and it is felt that the foregoing sugviolin, piano, or typewriter, attainment of gestions will aid materially in assuring the desired results. We earnestly health, strength, endurance, working powcommend the foregoing program to your attention and urge that no er, beauty, glamor, or any other excellence

time be lost in putting this plan into operation in order that it may on which men and women set their hearts.

work effectively to serve our boys who may be entering, and who are—Dr. Irving Fisher, Yale University.

now in, or have been in the service, and are away from home. The use of tobacco shortens life.—Dr.

Faithfully yours, Raymond Pearl, Johns Hopkins University.

The Council of the Twelve steadilyJuvenileincreasecrime,withvice,the andincreaseddegeneracyuse of tobacco.—Dr. A. L. Warner, noted specialist.

Tobacco harms women physically more

President. than it does men. The smoking of girls

{Continued on page 674) OCTOBER 1947 667 3L PRESIDING

Ward Teaching WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP trayed often either as a purely romanOUTLINE OF STUDY tic relationship or as a butt of jokes.

There is little encouragement to think

Seventyfive Percent NOVEMBER 1947 of marriage as either a practical or a or Better Noteunder: theThisdirectioncourse of ofstudythe is Presidingprepared trulyly oursacredyoungrelationship.people sometimesConsequentrush

Bishopric for presentation during the into marriage on a wave of emotion,

The following stakes reported sevenmonthly meeting of the ward youth neither well acquainted with each other bishleadership conducted to be by the tyfive visor percent more homes nor prepared for the responsibilities of opric the ward. in each of Members for the teachers ited of month by ward marriage. Priesthood committee ward Aaronic and

July: of the ward committee for Latterday What can we do to help young peoSaint girls are expected to attend this ple appreciate the higher and finer

Stake Percent meeting, possibilities of marriage and to make

East Provo 84% T AST month we discussed the immore adequate preparation for such

Granite 81% portance of marriage to the reli- a marriage?

Big Cottonwood 80% gious life. importhe mentioned We Highland 80% 1. Talk about Marriage and Family tance our of having people young Juan San 80% Life faith. their persons of marry own To Ogden 78%

Florida 76% realize this goal more fully, we must We leaders of youth should keep in help our young people to meet each mind the importance of marriage and

The teacher's duty is to watch over the other not only within ward groups but seek opportunities to teach fine attichurch always, and be with and strengthen also in stake and community association tudes and understandings towards the them; as well. The Church should seek to subject. This can be done in classes,

And see that there is no iniquity in the provide a rich recreational program firesides, and in an occasional sermon church, neither hardness with each other, through which Latterday Saints may on the subject. It can be done best perneither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking; associate in their respective age groups. haps in casual conversation with inAnd see that the church meet together This month we shall consider another dividuals and groups if we have already

often, and also see that all the members do important aspect of the marriage probwon their friendship and confidence.

their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.) lem. We should avoid moralizing and the

Far too many marriages end in unpedagogical attitude. Adolescents are

Note: The above percentages are happiness and divorce. This is also trying to assert their independence and

taken from the stake reports on ward true among Latterday Saints, even prove their maturity. In their hearts,

teaching as submitted to this office. among those who are married in the however, they feel uncertain and seek

Reports that are not complete are not temple. The causes and prevention of advice from those whom they respect

included. divorce is too large a theme to exhaust and can approach.

here, so we shall mention one or two things which youth leaders may do 2. Create a Broad Basis of FriendLet the people see to it that they something about now. ship and Courtship

get righteous men to be their lead- A major reason for failure in marIn marriage, people plan, work, coers... officers who would rather riage is that young people have the operate, sacrifice, suffer, make decido right at a sacrifice than do wrong idea about it. In 'the popular sions, associate with mutual friends

wrong for a reward*—Brigham Young literature,cracking ofmovies,the day,andmarriagethe radiois wisepor- timate,and folks.unintermittentIn short, "it relationshipis the most inof

. A Special Award Night honored these Aaronic Priesthood members and Latterday Saint girls from the Ucon Ward, North Idaho Falls Stake. The young

people themselves presented the entire program and received their awards.

Four quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood and one group of girls received awards, while twenty boys and eighteen girls received individual awards.

Bishop J. Spencer Jenkins in commenting on past achievements in the Aaronic Priesthood program, wrote: "The priests quorum and the second quorum

of deacons have each received six Standard Quorum Awards, with the first quorum of deacons and the teachers quorum achieving five awards each. We are

aiming for another successful year."

We wish you well in your determinations and commend you on your past achievements.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BISHOPRIC'S PAGE (Edited by oiee >v. faumer

two total personalities in a total, Aaronic Priesthood Over 21 would be a minimum of four adult situation."changing

visited week. each The members

in our day, courtship conToo often, their alternate should group advisers Visiting little and than romance sists of more officers that so to Adult Members invitations group not youth is recreation. wonder No this exbenefit receive the of each will of the Aaronic presufficiently nor acquainted well blessing the growth and perience and

pared for the larger and more complete Priesthood from this activity.

marriage. responsibilities of for experiopportunities such With relationships boygirl our Sometimes for Handbook feel "The (From officers soon Leaders of ence, group may

little also more than in a ward are Aaronic Adult Members of the perform qualified in pairs and to go recreational in character. Could we Priesthood") this work. There will be many group

broaden them in such a way that our members who might also be glad to with associate girls might and boys in to share more each other a way culHPhis feature of the program should acceptadvisers.suchIf thisinvitationswork is fromfollowedgroupup

tural interests, religious feeling, and receive careful and specific attenas it should be, it is not improbable character revealing and building extion. Visiting the adult brethren in that even in large wards, each adult

Consider the following sugperiences? their homes Priesthood of the Aaronic

gestions: work. advisers, visited We cannotis the merelyvery heartwrite ofa cardthis memberwould be by group

A. Firesides. These are already beor make an announcement concerning leaders, or members, at least once each

to expect them schedules throughout and success meeting ing with held good visit to memeach month. one

it the take get it."must of direction the under the Church We challenge is a ber each Atmonth—thisleast If their succeed parhomes. to we youth encouraging M.I.A. Are we "comethem—inand goal. it our let us minimum make

ticipation in discussion, programs, singin our home visits, we will have taken These visits should not be attempted ing, planning, and leadership? the largest single step on the road to alone unless there is some special rea-

B. Service nights. Months ago in success in this program. son for so doing.

this column we recommended that Who will make these visits? How

Aaronic Priesthood quorums, with the shall they go about it? Here are a few

counsel of the bishop and the supersuggestions. There is but little trouble in invision of their advisers, go to the Group advisers should pair off with ducing people to sacrifice and suffer

homes of the widows and the afflicted one or more of the group officers and for their religion? but who lives for

and render physical help. Boys and visit at least two members each week. it?

girls from about fourteenup could do If this were done regularly, there—Brigham Young

this together and have refreshments and sociability afterwards.

One group of boys and girls or- - ganized a beautification club and went to each other's homes to dress up the premises, each in turn, celebrating with a buffet supper afterwards. REDMOND WARD, NORTH

A ward or community project, as LatterdaySEVIERSaintSTAKEgirls and their suggested in previous months, could be wholeaderspresentedfrom the Redmondan impressiveWard realized in the same way. pageant before the mothers and

All such projects require careful daughtersquarterly conferencesession ofof thea recentNorth planning and wise supervision, but Sevier Stake.

should be carried by youth itself.

C. Youth meetings. A talent night, a

musical evening, a short educational trip, or a religious service could be encouraged more often. Let youth express itself, boys and girls working together.

Questions:

1. What are some of the causes of

divorce? 2. What can leaders of youth do

noiv to prevent marriagefailures in the lives of our youth later on?

3. What associations do boys and

girls now have together under ward and stake auspices?

4. In what new activities might they

participate helpfully together?

OCTOBER 1947 669

immM

to earn a great re- "All Is Well..."Whyward,should we think

( Concluded from page 645 If we now shun the fight?

tenyear-old child into the light of Gird up your loins, fresh courage take, the unclouded moon, and putting Our God will never us forsake;

we'll this tale to tell soon have And her arms closely about him she is well! is well! All All

asked, "Now, Tommy dear, speak up, tell me all thy business."'TThe boy in the wagon stirred un-

"Me father is not come into camp easily, as if memory were parted yet, Miss Maggie; and I do be worbetween times when that song had

ryin'about 'im."cheered the weary hour and when

The girl called to the leader, it had been sounded as the knell "Elder Snow, Tommy says his faabove his mother's lonely grave. But

ther has not yet come into camp."he was very tired; and his father

The man addressed gave instant sang on:

attention, and he directed a small posse of men to go back and find the We'll find the place which God for us premissing man. Farpared,away, in the West;...

Maggie was bent on accompanying the party, and her mother and The leader of the company stole

THIJPJ two other women joined the group. out of the shadows, moved by the

PoDulor Uorwin They were very quiet and subdued pathos of the gentle voice, and sat favorite colors. as they trailed their way rapidly down on the wagon tongue by the

they upon came their singer. back. When stirred inwardly by He was

1* 3 B HSb invalid companion, not very far from prophetic emotion. some swift and

camp, his own simple gratitude and Surely the invalid had known a hard trust dispelled their forebodings, and lonely day, to be so moved upon and they broke once more into song tonight; the leader resolved to exand story as they trudged back to ercise a more careful oversight in

camp. the future over this lonely father

The dance was over, however, and son.

when they returned, and most of the The father paused a moment bepeople had disappeared within the fore he began the last verse; but the

shelter of the sagging wagon covers. dusty, long, and weary day had

Tommy was overjoyed to see his locked the doors of slumber for father coming back to camp, and he Tommy's tired eyes, and the man joked and made merry all the while began the last verse, singing it very his father ate sparingly of the small softly:

portion of milk and parched corn And should we die before our journey's left for his share. through,

Afterwards the father held the Happy day! All is well!

drooping body of his son against We then are free from toil and sorrow too;

just the shall dwell. With we silently, for him some moments and

if lives But our are spared again then, the tired as fell against head see the rest their Saints obtain, To his shoulder in quick slumber, he O, how we'll make this chorus swellroused the child and bade him go All is well! All is well!

into the wagon to his sleep.

The child sleepily obeyed; but the And then, with the last floating

father sat on the wagon tongue. He notes the shadows of the night and

looked into the silent, brilliant sleep encompassed every weary soul. heavens. his voice Then weak began * * *

WS?*.: i>:? # H softly the singing the of they hymn

all loved so well. And as he sang, They called loudly to arouse the

the English musician in the distant overtired Tommy from his boyish wagon whispered to himself, "The sleep. And when Tommy roused

tone, the tone is very thin and striand looked upon the white, still dent; but ah, the soul! He has the features of his father, and knew that

soul of song. Could angels give it he, too, was with God, the glory of

greater meaning?"the slightly parted lips, the peace

*As the song grew, the voice in the softlysolemn features, hushed strengthened, and throbbed with the frightened cry which came to his hidden meaning: throat, and he threw himself upon

that quiet breast, sobbing gently,

Why should we mourn, or think our lot is "Oh, Daddy, Daddy, all is well hard? with you—but, oh, Daddy—-DacU

Tis not so; all is right! dy!"

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Worldwide Missionary AS ALWAYS, THE (Continued from page 653) WARMLY ACCEPTED GIFT!than the during one effected the reBOOKS

cent war years when nearly thirtyYour Christmas Money Buys More two thousand magazines a month When You Buy Books.were sent to the men and women in

the armed forces all over the world. Here is a convenient, Christmas shopping list:

Dozens of testimonial letters have been received indicating an apFOR THE CHILDREN: FOR BOYS:

preciation for this "lifeline"to the BETSY BUTTONS BEN THE WAGON BOY these Delightful, true, fromChurch men and pioneer women story of a doll and 1 Sfl Virileneering.story of a boy's piofljliJluUCO a little $*f *-'w miles of they thousands werewhen girl. Beautifully illustrated.

from home and generally in environMUSICAL ADVENTURES DENNIS AND THE

Bright, cheerful songs conducive and notments to living BATTALION to music delight the hearts 9.R MORMON {El*-*0 standards of children. and ideals.Church Dogexperi- boy's dramatic A

with soldiers ences and QniJZ.UUrtn legion copies timeseared read PICTURE have MY pioneers. BOOK OF

been instrumental in bringing the SONGS

Brilliantly, THE STORY OF cleverly illusMORMON of to restored the gospelmessage trated book of songs for CJON>*"JCfl PIONEERS children. Popular at home, heard or not had knownmany who church school. and in **# told story famous The fun

spirit of casualof it before. of these the language rlpZ.UU and Some TELL STORY TO A youth.readers have become earnest instory Incomparable book

vestigators of the truth and have value.stories. 138 world's best $9 *00joined the Church. FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN:

In one instance an Era was FOR MEN: ADDED UPON

forresponsible saving a HISTORY soldier's DOCUMENTARY stopped by a folded copy which was hood1948 textMelchizedekbook. priestpl.UU(PI Cf"| SWEET LOVE

in his tunic pocket directly over his PROTESTORS OF REMEMBERED of story Trueheart. a woman's CHRISTENDOM career pioneer. as a An

New, scholarly approach to tribute authentic, *P*CJO nc/ w dramatic important'"Today, too, the magazine is being an of respect to womankind. theme—the $9v "00 reason for the restoration.

sent of the to the and men women OUR GOLDEN NUGGETS OF BOOK OF MORMON their at of stations forcesarmed thoughtful, thorough A apTHOUGHT praisal allimportant of an subscriptheassignment. Though $2=50 book.

tion lists do not show a distribution PRELUDE TO THE $1.00

to certain countries of the world, KINGDOM I BEND TO THE WIND is reaching Era IlluminatingThe Improvement description of epic of Mormon pioAn CJ1 nn the Lat- "school masters."

(i.e., of their shores Japan,some terday Saint experiences

social with helpfulness: *9<JmDUdJO Crt IN THE OF GARDEN etc.) theChina, Korea, through Perpetual Emigration,

subscriptions to the service men and United Order, Welfare. THOUGHT

expressed their Post Office bywomen Army exalt the MAN DOES NOT STAND Beautifullywhich common ideas $.75

things of every day. Office In ALONE addresses. Postand Fleet

scientist An eminent hears m-i nrits five servof faithpromoting missionary decades a testimony 4) I.ZO COURAGE OF SONGS about God.

ice the perto the Church, Era has Orgill. Kimball Helen By THE GOSPEL PLAN poetic daughter's Pioneer greater neverhaps respon- a had Direct, of organized gift presenCJl***OC shares the beauty OC h>l.\JCJ1 tation of the Gospel. lofty thoughts.sibility in assisting to close to keep

the Church those who are on the far fronts of the world than it does at the present time. Now that the tenYOUR CHRISTMAS MONEY BUYS MORE

sion of combat is over and considerWHEN YOU BUY BOOKS able leisure time is at hand, their need for the inspired message of the leaders of the Church is more thanapparent. DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Wherever the missionaries of the "The Book Center of the Intermountain West"

Church have labored throughout the 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET—SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

world since 1897, the Church magaPLEASE SEND THE BOOKS MARKED ABOVE zine has been sent and has been a source of encouragement to them. Enclosed is $

In many instances also, the messages and articles have been transName.

lated into the language of the land by the missionaries bringing to the Address.

(Concluded on page 672) OCTOBER 1947 67)

THE WORLDWIDE MISSIONARY

(Concluded from page 671 spiration and encouragement; some

IN THE local Saints the inspiration and inhave received consolation during formation of its pages. dark hours; some have had the first

spark of their conviction for the

During the past half century The truth kindled; and others have hadCovered Improvement Era has rendered their testimonies strengthened.

unique and outstanding service to Surely it can be recorded that an - - - the Lord's work. Fearlessly and ideal of its founder, President HeberWagons calmly it has denounced sin and J. Grant, is being achieved—that

evil; courageously it has crusaded the sun should never set on The Im-

A thousand and one obthe cause of truth and right living. provement Era's powerful influence

jects came west in the covered From its more than fortyfive thoufor good in its worldwide distribuwagons of the pioneers a censand pages, many have received intion.

tury ago. But most valuable

of all were seeds—seeds for the soil, and seeds of the civTHE MORMON POINT OF VIEW IN EDUCATION

ilization that was to come. (Continued from page 643) respect to knowledge is ever lost,

that applies to all the Saints, as well must forever form the most powerOn Oct. 16, 1875, Brigham as to the elders of the Church. Folful incentive to intellectual effort that

Young planted some of the lowing is the passage: possibly can be conjured up by the

most important those of seeds that, referring to the wit of man. So

I give a commandment unto you And founded he when the educain- of knowledge, acquirement and shall that the docanother teach one you tional institution bears which tellectual development, Mormonism trine the of kingdom. Teach ye diligently

his name. Now, in 1947, Brigand my grace shall attend you, that you at once both indicates the broadest

ham Young University fills a may be instructed more perfectly in theory, field and furnishes the grandest ineffort. central role in giving purposeingospel,principle,in allinthingsdoctrine,that inpertainthe lawuntoof thethe centive to intellectual

ful education to the young kingdom of God, that are expedient for men and women who are desyou to understand; Of things both in heavTn respect of physical development

earth; the earth, in the under and and also education, or say may we to tined build accomen new

are, things been, which things have which affords that strongthe Mormonism plishments the foundaupon to pass; shortly things must come which

attainincentives its highest to tions laid are est things the pioneers. at which things are home, which by

abroad; the wars and the perplexities of the ment. Teaching as it does that the

nations, and the judgments which are on body is to be the eternal tabernacle

Winter Quarter Begins the land; and a knowledge also of countries of the spirit of man; that the identi-

... all not as have kingdoms. and And spirit the cal has which body through

... faith, of best the books seek out ye January 5

life itself shall in this manifested be learning, seek of even wisdom; by words

(New students'applications due study, and also by faith. (D. & C. 88:77raised from the dead and again be

December 1) 79, 118.) inhabited by the spirit; teaching, in

fact, that the spirit and the body are challenge safely any- I think I may resurthe the soul of man, and that field to point a broader outBRIGHAM YOUNG one is the of rection redempfrom the dead is here indicated. than it follow tion the soul, of but cannot

truth, all all spiritual UNIVERSITY knowledgeIt includes that are held views such where

PROVO, UTAH scientific truth, all secular knowlrespect to the resurrection of thein edge—knowledge of the past, of the body and its eternal reunion with

present, of the future, of the heavthe spirit, the most lively interest ens, and of the earth. A knowledge will be felt for its development or

of all countries, their geography, education, and for its proper presfl CAREER IN BERUTV languages, history, customs, laws, ervation. In pursuance of this, God

and governments—everything in has given a revelation commonly IT PAYS TO

LEARN THE fact that pertains to them. There is known among us as the Word of

QUISH nothingdepths belowin thethatheightsis notaboveincludedor thein Wisdom,ject the preservationthat has for itsof directthe bodyobWAY this field of knowledge into which from those ill effects which follow

Thorough tion, moderninstrucmeth- the commandment of God directs his from the use of tobacco, wine, ods it strong drinks, and the excessive use shop actualpractice.beauty servants to enter. I may claim for

Enroll any time. that it includes the whole realm of of meats; and gives us the unman's intellectual activities. And bounded assurance that if in addiSCHOOL princiOF the doctrine that whatever tion the to keeping commandments CULTURE

SOUTH MAIN BERUTV338 ples of intelligence unto man attains observe this word of God we also

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH in this life will rise with him in the of counsel or wisdom, then the body morning of the resurrection—this will perform to the uttermost the

doctrine that nothing acquired in {Concluded on page 674) 672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER

What the International Harvester\fymbol means:

Products to. save labor, increase x.

prod/iction and provide better

/A business begun 116 years a?go with an important service to

/mankind—the invention of the

reaper by Cyrus Hall McCormick.

A company dedicated, since its beginning, to the progress of agriculture, to a better way of life for the men, women and children who live and work on

line The of International complete the six TRUCKS Trucks—million farms of these largescale CRAWLER TRACTORSMany operfarm

offers the farm operator of jnodels a choice wide ators prefer International Tractors Crawler for speStates. and United his sizes to exact For needs. more than years 40 cialized farming. They knov they can on depend them farmers relied Internationals. havefit on for reliable lowcost power\ /

Twentyone plants to manufacture International Harvester farm tractors, farm machines, motor trucks, crawler tractors, industrial tractors, gasoline engines, diesel engines, and home and farm refrigeration.

Two hundred and twelve branches and company - owned outlets, and more than 9,000 dealers, to distribute International

Harvester products and to supply aftersale service.

Excellence of product now, with greater excellence always in will farming FARM EQUIPMENT—Farmall mechanize Beautifully efficient. designed, REFRIGERATION—any farm. There are Tractors, of 5 sizes Farmall with preparation for the future. International Harvester Refrigeration new brings new.. speciallydesigned for Illustrated: all jobs. equipment leisure and convenience particularly to the rurbl homeFarmall and No. Loader. 30 Power M makers of America.

International Harvester Co.

180 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago I, 111.

Tune in James Melton on "Harvest of

Stars"every Sunday! NBC Network.

OCTOBER 1947 673! A

THE MORMON POINT OF VIEW IN EDUCATION

(Concluded from page 672) moral, education of man as of first functions assigned to it. Those who importance—emphasizing that—yet

fulfil these conditions, we are told, another, a broader distinctive char- "shall run and not be weary, and acteristic, and one that includes the shall walk and not faint"; (D. 6 C. first one pointed out and perhaps

89:20) and further, "the destroying all others, is that in the Mormon

angel shall pass by them, as the point of view, in education, intelchildren of Israel, and not slay them. lectual and physical alike, should be

{Ibid., 20.) Nor is this all; but the sanctified by being overshadowed

mind reveling in the delight of union by the spiritual. That is, both mental

with a tabernacle so preserved shall, and physical education should have in responsive sympathy, will "find a dash of spiritualization in them.

IS BEST OF ALL FOR wisdom and great treasures of All educational effort should be unknowledge, even hidden treasures."dertaken and pursued with refer-

(Ibid., 19.) That means, as I view ence to their effect upon man, not

In the temperate days of the fall, vacait, not the mass of knowledge that as a being whose existence termiis to tions will, crowding—youare better—youhave moremiss fun.the heat, the othersbooks orhavethatlearnedlives in andtraditions,writtenbutin livenatesforeverwith theandgrave,who may,but whoif he

"AMAZING AMERICA"TOURS it means access to the greater mass become a conjoint heir with Jesus

Overland Lines Greyhound offers tours the Pacific to California, Northwest, Gulf of knowledge not yet made known Christ to all the thrones, principaliresorts, as well as all the East. The low to man, but waiting to be revealed ties, powers, and dominions that the

prices on these "expensepaid"tours will for the increased blessing of our Father hath. This, as I view it, is

include amaze such items you. They as race. the Mormon point of view in educahotel rooms, sightseeing tours stopand

overs anywhere. And now at this point I think I tion—it has regard not only to the

For FREE folders write now to the am prepared to say what perhaps preparation of man for the duties

GREYHOUND TRAVEL AND TOUR DEPT. at first I could not have said, that and responsibilities of the moment

St., 2116 Leavenworth Omaha, Nebraska

while undoubtedly one of the disof time he lives in this world, but

point of view in education is to rein the mansions and companionship G: R E:...YV UE HOINR. LANDE 5 U tinctive features in the Mormon aims to prepare him for eternal life

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES gard the spiritual, including the of the Gods.

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED

Melchizedek Priesthood NoLiquor-Tobacco (Concluded from page 666) (Continued from page 667) REPAIRING stake presidency, and the chairman of during their teen years is nothing less than

.. the stake Priesthood Melchizedek does commore dam-. Tobacco a tragedy. CRACKS i than mothers mittee through to the race is the the stake presage member of

is of the fathers. few one Nicotine is stucco, brick, idency placed the through upon whom O

the placenta that through passes substances of insuring that the Melchizeobligation concrete masonry,... into the passes Nicotine to the fetus. functions Priesthood in the stake dek

in accordance with instructions issued fant in its mother's milk. Good Health

by the general priesthood committee magazine.

of the Council of the Twelve. It is No one can be at his best if he uses tothe runner, the boxer, than more any his business to take whatever steps he bacco

ball can. Dr. Frank player or the

deems necessary in order to accomplish ton Wood. Leighefficiently and promptly the duties de-

I freshmen, to redear want you My volving upon him.

in that destroys form tobacco any member Let's make this quarter a one hunspare. brain, to the none and you have

President Charles W. Eliot, Harvard UniFIX THEM RIGHT dredtimelypercentreports.quarterRememberfor accuratethe deadand versity.

15. (Concluded on page 676) with PABCO line—October

WHITE HYDROSEAL REPORT OF LATTERDAY SAINT SERVICEMEN OR VETERAN

The CraekFWer That "Stays Put"l STUDENTS AWAY FROM HOME

Use like putty in wall cracks and Name:

around windows. Military or School Address:

Waterproofs as it caulks and seals the crack! Home Address:

Makes permanent repair—doesn't

contract or pull away. Expected Duration of School or Service: Age:

Easy to paint over Priesthood: Has he received the Servicemen's Edition

of the Book of Mormon and the book, Principles of the GospeH

Stake or Mission Reporting:

from Dealer, Buy your Pabco or Branch Reporting: Ward

listed in the Phone Comment: Book PABCD Classified Section.

THE PARAFFINE COM PAN I E S I N C.

SAN FRANCISCO 1 9, CAl I FORN I Signature: Date:

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Would you be conservatively elegant or dramatically eloquent?

Whatever your personality, let color express it in your home—on walls, wood'

work, ceilings. Fuller created "Go'together"

Wall Colors to give your imagination sway.

Warm room or cool room, serene room or lively room—"Go'together"colors can

to do FREE FOLDERS. Prefer yourself? your rooms "knowhow"Then get achieve it for you—in delightful to Fuller's folders. "Howto-paintit"to do it, What do and how

harmony, with satisfying charm. for good painting results. Your Fuller Paint Dealer has them.

You'll find them easy to use, too. Easy And they're FREE!

to apply. Fast to dry. Fuller's "Gotogether'

Wall Colors. Beautiful!

W. P. Fuller & Co.

For big painting jobs it is wise to call in a reputable Painting Contractor.

"gotogether"wall colors

ir FULLCOAT—Soft, washable, nonrefiective finish

*k FULLERGLO—Eggshell, semigloss,- resists steam, stain

OCTOBER 1947 675

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO (Concluded from page 674) health agencies are much concerned

Alcohol: about tuberculosis. The problem of

Alcohol is a poison inherently, absolutealcoholism is, therefore, a major probly, essentially; in a drop or a gallon, in all lem in the United States. How can it

quantities, and in every quantity, it is a be solved? By total abstinence, as

poison. Plainly the quantity cannot effect every reader of this column knows.

its chemical constitution. Journal, Ameri- (See this column in the September

can Medical Association. Improvement Era. )

the gambler, of the the blood Alcohol is of Now why do people begin to drink stimulus the burglar, the of inspiration the highway man. It suggests the lie and in view of the fact that one of every

countenances the liar, condones the thief, sixteen—six percent—will become an

and esteems the blasphemer. It violates obalcoholic and then suffer from "the

ligation, reverences fraud, turns love to most painful disease known to man"?

hate, scorns virtue and innocence. There are many phases of this question

Alcohol suborns witnesses, nurses perand therefore many answers. One anversity, defiles the jury box, and stains the swer is that the liquor business is big

It voters, corrupts bribes ermine. judicial is financially powerful and

institutions, debases business—it elections, pollutes our

DRIVE RIGHT IN.. thedisarmslegislature,the patriot.dishonorsIt bringsthe statesman,shame, andnot reachescity, and intocountypracticallyin the Unitedevery States.town,

TI7HAT A WELCOME relief, after honor; terror, not safety; despair, not hope; Also, it reaches into the vast majority

misery, not happiness; and poisons felicity, of business offices of newspapers, mag-

a tiring day's drive, to roll destroys peace and ruins morals, wipes out azines, radio stations, and other puband curses the world, honor, in licity the country. agencies More right up to the Motor Entrance of national

It does the ruin it has wrought. laughs at dollars million were hundred than one

the Hotel Utah, where skilled, courthat and more. It murders the soul; it is the spent for advertising in 1946 (figures

of abominathe mother of crime, teous attendants, unload your car, father friend, God's for 1947 may exceed this huge sum), devil's best and tion's, the and you're ready to walk right up worst enemy. Robert G. Ingersoll. and, according to the United States

nine nearly of Commerce, it Department into the home; cruelty brings Drink to the registration desk. No parkthe during billion dollars were paid poverty; its comwith in arm walks arm

ing worries, no long distances to panions are disease and plague; it puts year for alcoholic beverages. Drink

walk with heavy luggage. And chastitynor fair todealing;flight; itit isknowsa totalneitherstrangerhonorto promotionably made toschemeseducatearethe skilfullypublic to andbewhile you enjoy your visit at the truth; it drowns conscience; it is the bodylieve that social drinking is smart and

of popularity and it. helpful attainment to Utah, your car will be serviced as guardDrinkof hasevil;broughtit cursesmoreall whowoe andtouchmisery, efforts are successSpecial success.

hearts, homes, thormore wrecked lubricated, more broken wish: washed, you cocktail to popularize and fully made

filled crimes, more committed refueled, then and socially drinking coffins liquor and by society checked oughly the has world the than all moresuffered.—wars

carefully stored in our fireproof First Presidency, Church of Jesus Christ of ambitious women. Attractive appeals

Latterday Saints. are made to young men and women in

nuderground garage. And what a their later teens and early twenties.

convenience to know that your car Discussion: Public sentiment is tolerant of smokis foregoing the these In the light of though it not ing even and drinking, is always handy—ready at a moliquor tobacco that clear and perfectly demoralizand are harmful indulgences

ments notice to take you where "are not good for man"?—a truth that ing. So what can advocates of total

you pleasel the Church has taught for 114 years, abstinence do? One answer is, arouse

a teaching based upon the divinely inand by all feasible means carry on a

Yes, another EXTRA service that spired Word of Wisdom. campaign to educate the public to acfifty million to abstinence; total values of cept the an estimated And yet is yours to enjoy when you stay

less officers in their civil or are support urge drinking more and Americans at the Hotel Utahl regularly, about three million of whom efforts to enforce the law relative to drink excessively and have acquired tobacco, liquor, and morality (this term the disease of alcoholism, "the most used in its comprehensive sense), thus painful disease known to man."Acpurifying the environment; to restrict

cording to estimates there are in the hours of liquor sales; to reduce the

country about a half million sufferers number of outlets for these sales; to

from tuberculosis, only onesixth of the eliminate liquor ads; and to show sinnumber of alcoholics. Still public cerity by totally abstaining themselves.

THESE TIMES

(Concluded from page 634) al sovereignty. Perhaps both may be

mens'minds and hearts, as well as inaccomplished.

stitutions, must be prepared for world law and order. And it is apparent that HpHE program and doctrine of federalmen's minds and hearts will require as ism on a world scale is one of the

much growth and adjustment towards most interesting and significant devel- a higher order as is required of nationopments of these times.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hop on the magic carpet, don seven league boots—share with your child

"NEW WORLDS TO DISCOVER! MORE WONDERFUL THAN

ALADDIN'S LAMP."Crammed in the brilliant pages of this booklet,

there is great fun, instruction, entertainment, stimulation—wonderful

reading. AND IT'S FREE. No cost, no obligation whatever.

In pages taken directly from The Book of Knowledge—the great work

that answers your child's questions—this booklet appeals to youngsters

from preschool to high school ages, entertains with many quizquestions and answers, puzzles, tricks, games, recipes. When your child pleads

"read me a story"—what fun to browse in this free booklet! In bad

weather this booklet keeps hands and minds busy for hours. Delight your

child right now. Mail coupon for free copy.

from ucri SampU 6t KN0\NtfD

HERE ARE JUST A FEW OF THE FEATURES

How an Atom Works One, Two, Buckle My Shoe

How to Pilot an Airplane Friends and Enemies

Conquerors All of Man Tempting Candy Recipes Lincoln's Gettysburg

Address How Things Are Measured Curiosities of Other Lands Birds, Butterflies, Fruit The Riddle of the Sphinx How to Make Simple Drawings Wonders of Transportation

What is curiosity teaching your boy or girl? Curiosity is the best

teacher, so let your children ask as many questions as they like and be sure they are answered correctly. Discourage curiosity and

your bright boy or girl soon becomes indifferent. The precious gift

of interest, once lost, may never be regained. Are you staking your

child's future on the answers you alone can give him?

Parents of more than 4,000,000 boys and girls have placed

The Book of Knowledge in the hands of their children—not only for

its satisfying answers to curious questions, but for specific help in school work, hobby ideas, pastimes. Especially now when children

want more information than ever and parents are extra busy with new responsibilities, The Book of Knowledge fills a vital need in the home. mail this coupon for your child's free 36page booklet

one Because world's knowledge. gallery picture of theA bddk picture The df knowledge

is overflowing of Knowledgeis words, ten Book The thousand worth 650 S. Grand Avenue, Los Angeles 14, California brilliant color in gravure and illustrations, 3,400 of them 15,000with

—what educators call "visual education in its finest form."There are children in my family, ages

Find out now what this great children's work will do for your child. You may send me free, and without obligation, the

Send for your free copy of the beautifully illustrated 36page booklet beautiful 36page booklet: "New Worlds to Discover!

'NEW WORLDS TO DISCOVER! MORE WONDERFUL More Wonderful Than Aladdin's Lamp,"taken

THAN ALADDIN'S LAMP."from the latest revision of The Book of Knowledge.

Parent's Name APPROVED BY onDr.childLouisgeniusM. Terman,says: "A'internationalgoodly proportionauthorityof Address

OVER 1700 theto havegifted beenchildrenbroughtI haveupbeenon studyingThe Bookseemof City Zone State

SCHOOL SYSTEMS 36pageKnowledge".free booklet—seeMail this couponfor yourself.for beautiful. "Check here if you own The Book of Enowler*""

1. ERA IO47 J

OCTOBER 1947 677. )

Hole in the Rock ( Continued from page 652 that what he was tied to the back of the wagon for?"

TIawsl&L QonlhibulwvL.. Stanford's jaw dropped as her

words sank in. He shook his head

in angry denial. "No man with

sense in his head would let a woman do a thing like that!"he cried. GOSPEL But Arabella was dauntless.

"What else is there to do?"she

INTERPRETATIONS countered."But the children, Arabella!"

"The children must stay here.

MORE EVIDENCES AND We'll"And—ifcome webackdon't?"for them."

RECONCILIATIONS "We'll come back,"Arabella said.

With elaborate care she set three-

A companion volume to the origyear-old LeRoy on a bare rock a inal publication "Evidences and few rods back from the crack; she

Reconciliations"and a continuaspread his short little legs apart and tion of articles appearing in "The told him to sit there because she was

Improvement Era."going to let him hold baby George.

Next she took the baby from the ***><**><*#***#***** wagon seat and told sixyear-old

Ada to come and sit in front of him

USE THIS HANDY ORDER BLANK and LeRoy. She kissed each one.

Assorted Gems N. B. ojLundwallPriceless Value....$2.50 L. D. S. GilbertScripturesCharles Orme $4.50 Stanford watched her every move,

the Sketch Dragon A Thumbnail of Mormonism..$1.00 Man and $2.00 scanning the desert for any sign of a Dr. A. Widtsoe C. Josephson John Marba

$3.50 slinking foe, every crack for a hid- n BrighamHour Young the Man of the $2.00 Prelude toGustivethe Kingdom—O. Larson

Sunlight and Shadows D. Widtsoe Leah.$1.75 den danger. Sweat stood cold over

L. Zobell, Jr. Albert of Wilford Discourses Woodruff $2.50

Dr. G. Homer Durham To Whom It May Concern $3.00 his body. Arabella tucked the

Family Eternal Roy A. West...$2.25 Utah the StoryMarvinof O.HerAshtonPeople.$2.75 blankets around the three children,

Dr. Interpretations Milton R. Hunter Gospel $2.25 G ritual. carefully, a performs as one Dr. A. John Widtsoe to Perfection $1.75 Way D The Gospel $2.25 Kingdom Fielding Smith Joseph said she dears,""Don't move, my John Taylor

$2.25 Quest His Mansions $2.25 Many stand unslowly. even up "Don't F. O. Ursenbach S. Rulon Howells

til your father comes back for you. D Joseph Dr.Smith:G. HomerProphetStatesman....$2.25Durham D Temples of N.theB.MostLundwallHigh $2.50

Payment Enclosed Send C.O.D. Do you understand? LeRoy, you're

papa's big man; you must mind the

baby."Name Address Add 2% in Utah for Sales Tax Wideeyed, small lips held bravely, Ada asked, "Do we stay here all alone?"Stanford assured her with a smile that, somehow, he made convincing.

"Will you come back?"she asked.

surely. "Then I'm 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Street Salt Lake City 4, Utah Stanford nodded

not scared,"she said. "We'll stay

here with God while you and Mamma get the wagon down."

Arabella locked LeRoy's arms around the baby and told him to hold tight; he stared in proud wonder. Ada looked as if she wanted to

Your cleaning run away and cry; instead, she put

the problem squarely up to God.

"Father in heaven,"she prayed,

PARtner! till"blessourmefatherand comesLeRoy back.and theAmen."baby

While Ada's eyes were tight shut, Arabella and Stanford Smith

The Quality Soap for sent up their own petitions.

PARticular Housewives Ctanford began checking the wagon and harnesses. From the looks

67B THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hole in the Rock of Arabella she needed something to keep her mind off the children. "Testyour lines, Belle,"he cried. "Put all /

the weight you've got on 'em. Bet

you couldn't pull the legs off a flea!"

Arabella took old Nig's lines and wrapped them twice around her slim, Stanford boyish hands.

in the to his seat wagon. facDhxLclimbed

"We're darn fools, Belle,"he shouted, tightening the brake to its you/L last notch, "but, here goes! Hold

tight to your lines!"TJtlAAlO/L--

"I will!"Arabella managed to

smile to the children.

"Don't be afraid, Mamma,"Ada called, waving her small, pudgy, little hand. Arabella choked, but she

did not waver. "We'll be right back,

darling,"she promised, "right back."Stanford stiffened his legs against the dashboard. "Here we go,"he

warned, and down they went. The

first lurch nearly tore the lines from

Arabella's hands. She tensed her

muscles and dug her heels into the chiseled rock steps, trying to hold her balance. Nig took to his heavy -* ARGUS CAMERA

haunches. Holding back on the FEATURES OF THE ARGUS C 3:

lines with desperate strength, Ara35MM FILM—most economical, in both blackand-white and

bella tore after him and the flying color. COATED LENS—Cintar f3.5 anastigmat, designed for

wagon. Every lurch seemed to tear fingertipbrilliant performance.control, extremeCOUPLEDaccuracy.RANGEFLASHFINDER—SextantSYNCHRONIZER—type,

a new muscle loose from her limbs. builtin, with detachable 6"reflector and battery case. SHUTTER

to Splitsecond 1/300 and bulb. SPEEDS—1/10 side his to rolled and screamed Nig

leather. genuine sturdy,—compact, Price—$74.71,accuracy.includingCASE It fear. a bloodcongeal- with was tax. excise camera, case, Federal and

ing sound. Arabella thought he was

dead, but she didn't care. A dead So your missionary record will be complete...

weight was heavier than a live one.

Her foot jammed between two large GET IT HERE!

films. of pictures Send home

to bring experiences your rocks. She kicked it free, but the Get... yourbuildArgusup ahere—andlibrary ofplentyslides,

effort broke her balance and sent her back to your friends. Our stock is complete, and trained personnel to help you. Gate. are ready south of Eagle Two blocks flying after the prostrate horse.

IS GIFT. MISSIONARY ARGUS AN CAMERA A CHOICE

Sand and rock tore after her; dust

blinded her. A stinging, firehot,

pain gouged her from hip to heel.

She gritted her teeth. The wagon Ward Choristers:

struck a boulder, bounced over it Solve the song book problem with a Beseler LN slide projector.

and screeched to a stop with the Throwcan see.the THEwordsROOMand NEEDmusic NOTon aBEscreenDARK.or Projectorwall—wherecan alsoALL

team wedged under the tongue. The be used in classrooms. Make your own slides—or we can

impact jerked Arabella to her feet, furnish them.

then, swaying with blindness, she Sunday School Officers and Teachers: pitched forward into the endgate,

and the next minute was hurled Consulttion needs.us, 'inComepersonin foror bya demonstrationmail, about allor yourask forvisualfurthereducain-

against the cliff. formation.

ground, to the leaped Ctanford the SALT LAKE CAMERA & MOVIE STORE to free tugs loose threw the team, and then whirled toward AraVisual Education Distributors bella. There, the most gallant thing 111 East Second South, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Phone 9-3975

he had ever seen, eyes flashing, teeth gritted against her lips, she stood, white as salt against the red (Continued on page 680) \

OCTOBER 1947 679 Hole in the Rock (Continued from page 679) Once A Year...

cliffs. Defiance waved from her like

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a flag, as smeared with blood and dirt, she dared him to sympathize.

prepares and publishes a complete and extensive Stanford wanted to clutch her to index to make your volume more valuable as a refhim and push the tangled hair from erence work. It is suitable for binding with the her face, but more than that, he

year's twelve issues, and a copy is always yours wanted her to stand alone, equal to the thing they had done together.

for a threecent stamp. He let his heart slake a bit, and

a staged you grin. "How—how'd 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah Belle?"he drawled. make it,

"Oh, I crowhopped right along!"

she cried.

Stanford was helpless. Her throat

was pulsing like a boiling spring, yet she could talk like that! What

could he say? What could he do?

He couldn't just stand and look no man could!

With an effort he walked away.

He prodded the apparently lifeless horse, then rested his foot on the sprawled thigh. It quivered slightly,

and old Nig tried to raise his head, but decided against the effort. Because he didn't know what else to

do, Stanford looked back up the long, black crack. There on the

rocks a hundred feet above him dangled a piece of white cloth. He

seized on it as an excuse to talk.

"Looks like you lost your pocket handkerchief,"he said, and choked on the laugh he tried to force between his stiff lips.

"Handkerchief, my eye!"Arabella's voice was shrill as it went

echoing up and down the crack.

Stanford whirled toward her and

Walker "What is it?"He in Tom

repression. hoarse with Your WARD ORGANIST wassaw the lines drop from her hands.

"Old Nig drug me, Stanford—all deserves this<fe#e* JHqhi the way down!"she sobbed.

Music holder with BUILTIN FLUORESCENT TUBE. Lights the page perStanford's eyes went swiftly over

fectly light glare in the... no of the annoying... no eyes congregation. trickle of blood her body. slow A

screws, Just clamps. or no piano organ, No plug rest it on

into leg running her in, and the was and down light is solved. problem

her torn shoe, staining the rocks a also, to model bottom opening has Organ light keyboard and pedals. deeper red. Her teeth were beginfor Ideal practical, lighting. with chapels Inexpensive, troublesubdued

proof. Ask for folder or order at once. ning to chatter.

"You're hurt,"he cried. "Hurt,

and we are alone!"He looked at

to her in helpless agony. Their aloneness was emphasized by the narrow

58 West First South, Salt Lake City, Utah—Tel. 3-9233

silence of the crack.

your leg broke?"he AHTISTIC LIGHTING STUDIO "Is—is

58 West First South, Salt Lake City, Utah faltered, reaching for her.

Please send the following:

Piano light. D Organ light, Q Further information. "Does that feel like a leg that's

broke!"she screamed, and kicked

Name Ward his shin with all the fury her slim

Address. State young body could unleash.

Stanford fought his own hysteria.

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

HOLE IN THE ROCK MOTHER,BEEN THINKINGMOTHER,WHATI'VE

If her chin hadn't quivered, he'd Ctanford started back up the I SAW YOU DO r have shaken the daylights out of crack. He climbed too fast and TODAY, YOU /BAKE THE

her! grinned, he But suddenly his took to swim. head began He

that her temper a MADE BISCUITS 9PI*WAV,MVOEAR,Wtknowing that of by him she was breath sharp oozed out

OH.SO.TASTV.'WITH CLABBERall right. "If I had to take many as he sized up the crevice ahead.

cracks like that, I'd wish it was He'd driven a loaded wagon down TEL t ME HOW GIRL BAKIN6

TO BAKE THAT Y powder:broke,"he said, then grabbed her that! Dragging his wife behind him WAYtto him. Laughing, shaking, weeplike a log, bruised her flesh, tearing

ing with relief, they clung together. it against the rocks. Arabella,

"Stanford! the children!"Aragamely saying she had crowbella was aghast at their forgetfulhopped right along! While her

ness. blood was staining the rocks, he had

Stanford lifted her to the bed in sat safe and high in the wagon! He

the wagon, found their primitive struck the rocks with his fists. Then,

remedy kit and dabbed at the long while tears streaked his gaunt, gash that had slit her flesh from hip square jaw, he lifted his hat in the to heel. "Oh, my darling,"he said only tribute he knew how to pay.

tenderly, "will you be all right?""Papa!"The faint little call came

"Of course, Stanford! Just you from far up the crack, galvanizing

...leave me here in bed. I'll fix myhim to action again. Ask Mother, She Knows

is Girl the baking Clabber powder self up. that crack called. back up You get coming, he "Papa's Ada,"

.. the action double balanced for children!"the in his voice, thunderous own with His

in Right, the mixgZTpfo "I'll hurry."Stanford faint gave Araears, a rumbut was nothing Light, ing bowl; Guaranteed by*

bella a smile. last reassuring the top. "And, ble the time it reached by

from the Oven. V Good<*** HousekeepingiwS&sthank goodness, is coming old Nig stairstep the ledge two took He

around. He's almost minus a hide, steps at a time, calling to the chilbut otherwise looks all right, the dren over and over again. As he

old possum! Keep quiet, Arabella. neared the top, he was forced to his CLABBER GIRL

that It's a miracle there heavy lack is no knees from hands and of 'Baiunq Vowdzx cut. I'llbleeding from your get back a roarthere such breath, and was

as soon as I can."(Continued on page 682) (82 A

"CIVILIZATION IS A RACE BETWEEN EDUCATION AND DISASTER""Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition"

TEACHERS are in the theater of ACTION!

WE Are Their Source of Supply

class the controlled to learning the reproduce world and to room"bring r AC rfci realistically, effectively, vividly, authentically. 1HrnV1 fcl%*# experiences and Ipiw '1

for tools in audiovisual nation's Salt teachers, the of the stock prodbest Lake assembled City a complete We have ucts of America's foremost manufacturers. For example:

We Represent and Stock the Products of: We Also Supply:

of manufacturers the famous and popular FILMOBELL & HOWELL,

Cameras and projectors of a wide variety of price, kind, scope projectors ISmm motion picture SOUND

ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA teaching films and function projection screens RADIANT films for recreational educational, Entertainment, and sports projectors filmstrip slide 2x2 glass and VIEWLEX morale building. programs and

projectors function size of versatile and opaque BESFLER in filmstrips Industrial courses training vocational and on and foreign natural courses EyeEar language LINGUAPHONE recordings for recordings elementary and "Teach-O-Disc"SCIENCE POPULAR

English, studies Social History School High and public systems. School intercommunicating address and

filmstrip projectors reproducers and ILLUSTRAVOX pictures in History Testament, Old Church and New Testament recorders reproducers and SANDWICKBOWEN color for versatile projector large VISUAL transparencies and CAST

JAMISONsilhouettesHANDY elementary and vocational filmstrips WE TRAINEDSUPPORT TECHNICIANSALL THESE OFFERINGSand an atyour-doorWITH EXPERT,mobileFACTORYservice only one in UNITED the west and one of the very library States. United WORLD FILMS, INC., entertainment and educational film laboratory—thefew in the whole

tiL yoiVL <S&fci/ic& DESERET BOOK CO.

Intermountain Source of Supply for AudioVisual Tools for Teachers

Member National Association of Visual Education Dealers 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10. Utah

OCTOBER 1947 681 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 681) knees, Ada said gleefully, "Ho, ho, Stanford brushed his sleeve across ing in his ears that he could no Papa, you look like the monkey in his blurred eyes and took the baby longer hear his own voice. He Mamma's storybook!"tenderly in his arms. He gripped

slipped, and, before could catch he little lifted cold LeRoy's hand and still LeRoy, holding in the babyhimself, slid he had twenty feet. to his him looked solemnly He tight little grip, feet a awoke a from rocks.down the tried he When for out over the desert the Escalante

climbing again, it was with deliberate doze. last time. And then, with Ada

care, testing the path for loose rock "The baby's gonned to sleep,"he clinging to his pockets, they went until he was at the top. said. "And I 'bout broke my neck, down to Arabella.

Seeing him emerge on hands and I bobbed so hard."( To be continued)

THE CENTENNIAL TREK

(Continued from page 647) making arrangements for the regal Platte's TelegraphBulletin dedown for the parade through Grand welcome accorded us. scribed the evening as "inspirationIsland.

We were shown a copy of the TThat night we formed our circle al."Scores of cameras, from small

Grand Island Independent, which, in a field of tall wild rye near "Brownies"to modern movie main addition to a generous news covthe Lincoln County fairgrounds chines, continued to click along the erage of the trek, carried a large (North Platte, Nebraska), where highway as the caravan rolled westprinted sign, welcome almost a full the program presented was before at pause a noon ward. There was

in size.page caravan The led was a grandstand packed with 4,000 into then Bridgeport, and moved weinto the special a city by for queen people. late in program Our was people nearly 40,000 Gering, wherethe day, astride a beautiful horse getting started, the but crowd was of population the than—farwhich the color had of polished entertained with singing community the motorcade. the town—witnessedmoremaple and a white mane. later voluntarily led Eilene by We Webb for Gering's gathered had Theylearned that the queen was Mrs. of Clark, one a number of Utahns Trail parade, traditional Oregon

Opal Eldredge, Mormon girl from following the trek by train. which officials had transferred from

nearby Alta, Nebraska. A replica of the pioneer odometer morning until afternoon so as to link

clouds The parted for the sunto presented was B. Mayor George it appearance. our withlight as our in program began the Dent, of Jr., Platte. North exHe the crossed Gering From weflagfestooned city park, where plained that the program being was River, we, Platte which meanderingthere local a radio was broadcast held site the on of the old of ranch parallellike pioneers, been had thealong with free orange, chocolate, Bill Buffalo T. Cody). (W. We Quarters. since almost ing Winter milkand drinks for the trekkers. recalled that had been Cody in Scottsbluff. There, were a Then we said, left asSomeone town, that we friend to the Mormons. had He the a crossing after on meadow B.Mayor of Cunningham J. Grand irrigation once waived rights in outskirts, city's our paused companyIsland personally led in had out to people. our Wyoming North tribto track railroad the beside pay

WE OEEER

A COMPLETE ENGRAVING SERVICE From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

Catalogues.

|| lore homemakers Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention are cooking electricUTAH ENGRAVING CO.

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

ally than by any other method, in the territory we serve.

For Your Fireside Chats...

Utah "Let's Talk It Over"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Power &

12 Issues $2.00 Light Co.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Centennial Trek ute to a noble pioneer mother,

Rebecca Winters. Her grave,

marked by a discarded wagon tire, had been discovered by a topographer in surveying for a railroad bed.

The course of the track had been altered to miss the grave. Nora

Player Richardson, one of the three trek women, paid eloquent homage to her in spoken word. Another

trekker, Ruth Fox Clawson Shields, similarly gave tribute to a living pioneer mother, Ruth May Fox, her ninetythree-yearold grandmother.

The circle that night was formed almost in the shadows of shells of what were once buildings at historic

Fort Laramie. It had been established thirteen years before Brigham

Young first visited the Fort, and in 1847 was a bustling trading center where Sioux Indians brought buffalo skins by the thousands to be wagoned away to eastern markets.

TThe Torrington, Wyoming, Chamber of Commerce had a surprise for us at this program. Theypresented the Sons of Utah PioYOUR CAR WITH NEW

neers with a five dollar note of The

Kirtland Safety Society Bank, dated

February 10, 1837, and signed by the Prophet Joseph Smith and Sidney Rig don.

Wyoming's Game and Fish Commissioner, Lester Bagley, became our guide as we left Fort Laramie Helps make cars run better—

the following morning. He led us longer. Favorite of intermountain

over a winding, rutted road to about a quarter of a mile from a place in motorists for more than 30 years.

the hillside where we beheld a chutelike passage. About six feet

deep, it had been cut through the rocklike earth by pioneer wagon (UTOCO wheels. CASOUMC

As Elder Spencer W. Kimball

streets the I rode throughand of UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANYCasper, with H. Wyoming, Mayor

W. Noyes, he commented: "You

a populationknow, has Casper of are lining30,000 29,999 them and of Are You Lost When You Open the streets right now. In all my

city, this inyears this is the biggest Your Bible? thatthing has to us."happened

will Bible"of the Heart guide you through your Bible "The child forest. We paused for a program at old as through takes a guide a a deep

Fort Casper, just out of town. As A great beauty of it is that you may place as much confichild in it places as the

Bible story thewe were about to begin in front of denceonly with andinnotthe withguideanyone'sbecause opinionsit deals original huts, replicas of log thethe concerning the Bible's to think YOU for your teachings—enabling own opinions. yourself—form infort buildings erected 1857, we

thing beautiful the Bible"about Another "The Heart of its "Indians."interesting of story out languagewere is somean makes A that surprised—by

is often thing Bible considered "dry The the its club, ridinglocal members it interesting ever love most book more written—you'llreading."it. really to learn you when know their reinedpainted and feathered,

horses around our group amid Available44 E. S. Temple,at yourSaltbookLakestoreCity,or theUtah.DESEHET BOOK STORE,

{Continued on page 684) OCTOBER 1947 683 THE CENTENNIAL TREK {Continued from page 683) company were buried one frigid whoops and shooting arrows. One night.

of—Lorenzothem harmlesslyH. Hatch.struck a trekker theOccasionallyoriginal rutswe ofcaughtthe Mormonsight of

We were beginning to worry Pioneer Trail. Our guide, Lester

about our caravan tops as we said Bagley, told us that in this area the farewell to Casper. Windwhipped first company indulged in a June

tears were beginning to show in snowball fight. The white and graymany of them. brown antelope often streaked

through the sage, and there were

PRICELESS As Rock,we approachedit appearedIndependenceto us like a alsohens. cottontails and large fat sage

of sagesea in a lying huge whale, at sunCreek Rock We reached IT! NEED YOU WHEN campsite the reaching brush. Upon to anxiously down. began Then we substitute for insurThere is no

ance. will you.. haveand whenit? youDon'tneedtakeit, we found a truck with a large tank count the cars as they tugged into

. the costly chances with It on hauled been water. inof had count miners camp, as one would sure! sure be and. Kolob. Yourlosseslocal of direction the for is under specialist us insurance scene Agent an a disasterstruck from emerging

consult frequently as him your a Casper, of mem- A. McFarland H. needs.insurance.. change. shaft.

300 of the Church. ber More REPKOLOB fifty of the seventyAfter about

all serve RESENTATIVESthan five sections of Among Idaho, Utah, cars of us set had arrived, the people waiting for us two

Montana and Nevada. at Independence Rock were Charles out in Brother Bagley's car to seek

A GENERAL INSURANCE his wife and grandWashakie, that the ones. remaining found AGENCY We

Salisbury, Frank Mgr, Shonear-by the daughter, from its entire car had lost one wagon shone Indian Reservation. He was box and top. Another had broken

s=n(i. the son of Chief Washakie, a great a spring. All cars, except one from

THE 3ORfCI friend of the Mormon pioneers. Los Angeles, were accounted for.

every looked Washakie Charles miles eighteen retraced about We 1 1:1,11 his black M to Indian, even i M inch an trail, the the of scoured rocky and a n Lid p r ratiL pa his toward hanging braids down distance crossing the to remaining

330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451 broad shoulders. He was dressed of the Sweetwater River with field

like a country gentleman, with a glasses. Not a sign of Raymond L.

tall hat. He appeared to be about Kirkham's Los Angeles car could be

seventy, and was rather quiet. His found. We retired that night someankle- wife, wearing keenwitted Kirkthe concerned about what

floral with a beaded moccasins *,.,.,::::::::::::;;;i::W:SSiS high brother and his hams (Raymond

Designed for Giving design of red, green, and white, Thomas F. of Lehi, Utah.) (We

English. beautiful She exnext day. the Kirkhams found They to the Young Folk. *, spoke a granddaughter, that her plained the highto the route had retraced

123. Easyto-read? No.

Leather, overlapping shy girl of about twelve, was a diway and taken another road.)

guide of edges. Illus-! covers, gold Sacajawea, rect descendant for tops removed were Wagon

full trations and maps in expedition. Clark to the Lewis and at Creek mending Rock on Monday color.Specialhelps.$3.75j

Red Letter edition.*4.QQ/ Charles Washakie smiled gratefully morning. Much of the sewing on

that night as we fastened an honour car's canvas was done by James orary Sons of Utah Pioneers mem- C. Jones, a Cedar City, Utah, buildKING JAMES bership pin on his coat and put a siling contractor who had completed

ver ring on his finger. The ring had his own repairs.

VERSION been designed by one of the trekkers, Edward B. Perkins of Los ["eaving the V-shaped meadow

Angeles. called Rock Creek, the motorFrom Independence Rock we cade passed through Atlantic City

rolled Martin's toward Cove markand scaling had been Farson. We Hatfonetf *\viis

SINCE 1863...AT'YOUR BOOKSTORE er. beside There, the highway, Continental vicinwe the Divide, in the

paused for Sunday School. Martin's ity where Brigham Young had met

Cove itself, against the mountain several scouts, such as Major Moses about two miles distant, had been Harris and Jim Bridger, who gave the scene of the Edward Martin gloomy reports about the Great liM USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS Handcart1856. Company tragedy in atBasin.RockFollowingSprings, wea programentered Greenpause in treatmentAids simple of Canker, proceeded along railroad the highway River, a town. Its engines Wesore throat and other minor mouth until noon, turned and then throaty, off onto roared a deafening welirritations.and throat

a dirt road which was to take us to come, and then Primary children another handcart story spot, Rock lining the street near the meetingCreek. It was there that thirteen house sang "Come, Come, YeHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah

members of the James G. Willey Saints."

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Centennial Trek There were familiar faces from home among those lining the roadsides as we dipped into the Fort.

But they were not cheering or shouting. A reverent mood—almost silence—was there.

After our circle had been formed in Fort Bridger's deep grass, we were greeted by President David O.

McKay of the First Presidency and chairman of Utah's Centennial commission, and Elder Harold B. Lee of

the Council of the Twelve. There

was also a mammoth truck loaded with watermelons—a surprise treat

for trekkers provided by Howard J.

McKean, Sterling H. Nelson, and

Joseph H. Lym of Salt Lake City.

Our final encampment program was presented at Fort Bridger. As

the dramatization, depicting President Young's prayerful resolution to go to the valley despite discouragements from mountaineers, 2000 REFERENCES reached a climax, there was a downpour of rain. But the crowd re319 SUBJECTS

mained.

Qur car would not start Tuesday morning, the day we were to LD.S. SCRIPTURES

enter Salt Lake Valley. Several

trekkers gave us a push, the engine By Gilbert Charles Orme growled into motion, and we started

The first and only L. D. S. Church reference book with

toward the end of the trail. handy side index... a feature which makes availvari- 319 instant, references covering 3000 able in an did not however. go far, Our We

is of the result subjects. than This book more ous locked. pulledgears out were We of the of part compilation research on 15 years and

of line, motioned the caravan to conthe author. It is a book certain to fill a long felt need

teachers, missionaries and students who must bytinue, into a Fort and we steered for references. search many texts

atservice garage.Bridger The

tendant pounded at the gear. But See Page 678 of this Magazine for Order Blank

to no avail. Hopes of reaching Salt

Lake City with the procession began to blur.

The attendant was accommodatBOOKCRAFT South Main Street Salt Lake City 4, Utahing, though. "I'll call our head 1186

mechanic on the phone, and see if he can come."He did. About a half hour after

the last car had left us, our gears had been fixed. We raced on toward Evaneton, Wyoming. There You Can't ALWAYS Planwe caught the others as they were

fueling. The FUTURE BY the Past! Nearing Henefer, Utah, we saw

a man dressed in a Scouter's uniJust because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't.

form standing beside the road and Don't judge the future by the past.

waving a greeting. He was PresiFire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

dent George Albert Smith. PresiInsure your property today and be protected against loss.

dent Smith stood beside the car of Better get your policy while you can.

Governor Herbert B. Maw of Utah,

led us into Henefer,which then FIRE INSURANCE CO. lined streets with a UTAH HOME werewhose

cheering holiday throng. Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 686) OCTOBER 1947 685. )

-#*-*V**vr#Sr***s#VP*S*V#S#SV*S*V#V#V*\S*V#V*S#

THE CENTENNIAL TREK {Concluded [corn page 685) each trekker a goldplated souvenir

Near Kimball's Junction in Parmedal.

ley's Canyon, we paused for about We soon reached the Brigham an hour. Beside the road, a stickYoung monument! All members of

was pulling tournament other General First Presidency, conducted the LESTER stickpulling among trekkers. A city ofAuthorities, and and state

contest places two men on the ficials sat on chairs arranged at the ground in sitting position and facing feet of the bronze portrayal of Preseach other, with shoe soles together. ident Brigham Young.

Then the two contestants grip with Every trek car drove past the their hands a stick placed between monument, cow bells ringing and

SPINET whothem.losesAs histheygrippull,or theis pulledloser isfromhe whitethroughcanvasa sea movingof hats. triumphantly

the ground. Stickpulling was a Our hearts were light, all right.

favorite Mormon pioneer sport. But more than that, they were

Our dependable automobile megrateful. They were thankful for a

chanic, Golden E. Webb, was acsafe deliverance across the plains.

champion. claimed the had guided felt that he who We had to the valof pioneers left our car motor runWefirst company

ning. The battery was still dead. ley a hundred years ago had been

Vending down through Emigrawith us. There had been no mistion Canyon, our caravan haps to our personnel. The warm

reached "This Is the Place"monugreeting of Mayor Earl J. Glade

New as Tomorrow! ment in midafternoon. was the last of a long strand of

Quality of traditional repuThen we proceeded downward tributes from every mayor who met a perthe route. along Where of tall us Its panorama into the valley. tation! Since 1888 Lester a hundred secuted people had trod its lawnpedestaled buildings,

has built nothing but the homes, and its broad splashes of years ago, their descendants had finest of pianos... vet this green trees seemed different today. been hailed, not for what they had

new Lester Betsy Ross We noticed faces of a number of done, but for the deeds of those who

Spinet tops even the known neighbors amid the throngs lining had been persecuted.

Lester high standard of the streets from the monument to Indeed, we the Centennial trekquality. Sugar House, where an impressive kers, with all mankind, could well

service was conducted, including ponder the words of the poet who

See the Betsy Rons Spinet.. talks by President Smith and Govsaid: "The lesson of life is to bePlace Your Order ISIOIT... ernor Maw. The Sugar House lieve what the years and the cenConvenient Term*, if you Irkel Chamber of Commerce presented turies say as against the hours."

DAYNES MUSIC CO THE IDEALS OF TRUE WOMANHOOD A Complete Music Store 4547 So. Main St.. Salt Lake City 1 [Continued from page 641 Modern indulgences and pleasures

need in the American home today is that lead girlhood away from these more religion. Parents should make fundamental principles of happiness

it obvious, both by their actions and are shallow and shoddy, deceiving their conversation, that they are in their promises and ultimately disseriously interested, if not in outappointing.

fruits in of religion. the

parents of should emTThe highest ideal for our young SAYS wardThe exampleforms, "Recently the Mining Newmont of the one Company, nation's larger phasize the need of honesty in our girls today, as for our mothers mining companies, it announced intention oi developing certain minits dealings with our family, our neighwho crossed the plains, is love as in in in eral ground Utah. marriage with should and expressed come enand all we be We whom may

courage more outside capital to in this virtue employees, to our and take homebuilding, in a hand development of our bors,contact—kindness

resources. For of dollar each ore is expression true finds employers, fair play love to our a good which produced, in 90c stayB Utah."

measure to our customers. Talk based upon the spiritual and not the

about these intangibles should bephysical side of our being. If marcome common practice in our homes riage and homebuilding be based

and offices if we want to succeed in upon physical attraction alone, girls, solving family difficulties. your love will sooner or later beThe ideals of true womanhood come famished and home life a

may sometimes seem as oldfash- heavy, disheartening existence.

ioned as that old piece of homespun This truth is emphasized by the

METAL MrNING INDUSTRY cloth, but they are as unchanging following quotations taken from

OF UTAH and everlasting as the soul itself. "Our Home":

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA::: 1:

The Ideals of True Womanhood Opp&dumJtkA, QomsL JviaL

Spiritual love lives by its own right, but lives the physical of the the lease only by spiritual. live together only can on io JhoASL $At Qualified They

one changeless and eternal condition and that condition is the supremacy of the spirRecords of today's successful men and women show itual over the physical.... Let woman rethe value of skill in shorthand, typewriting, bookkeepmember that this doctrine appeals to her

with doubled force. It is through you, O ing, etc. Many leaders in the Intermountain area

woman, that the world must heed it. Whatand elsewhere—trace the beginning of their careers

ever other wrongs you may submit to, to training they received at the L. D. S. Business College.

whatever rights may be denied you in the social world, remember that in this matter High school and college graduates and war veterans:

you should proclaim yourself the sovereign You will find here thorough, practical courses, taught ruler. Yourvoice may be silenced in the

roaring mart, you may be pushed aside by by outstanding instructors. Day and evening classes.

the mad crowd, but behind the silken folds Special rates to returned missionaries.

that hide the sanctity of wedded joy you are the sovereign divinely ordained. By Write or call for information.

the necessities and consistencies of your being, by every argument from the exhaustless realm of natural history, by every law of nature and of God, you bear the LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

badge of rightful sovereignty. 70 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The cords of love must be strong as death

Which hold and keep a heart, No daisy chains, that snap in the breeze,

Or break with their weight apart;

For the pretty colors of youth's fair morn

Fade out from the noonday sky,

And blushing love in the roses born

Alas! with the roses die! Jcf&Wty

But the love, that when youth's morn is past, Still sweet and true survives,

Is the faith we need to lean upon In the crises of our lives; lrR3

that shines love in the eyesThe grown dim, TABLE QUEEN

In speaks; the voice that trembles,

And sees the roses that years ago

Withered and died in our cheeks; KmI)

That sheds a halo around us still,

Of soft immortal light, When we change youth's golden coronal Enriched with

For a crown of silver white;

for health, for sickness love andA VITAMINS and IRON tears; rapture and for For

That will live for us, and bear with us

Through all our mortal years.

And such there is, there are lovers here, Fresh At AH Food Stores

On the brink of the grave that stand,

Who shall cross to the hills beyond, and walk Forever hand in hand!

Pray, youth and maid, that your end be theirs Twice A Year Who are joined no more to part;...

living soul, to the not deathFor comes THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heart!"loving to the age Nor

brings to more than 300,000 readers the complete

Mothers and daughters, where general conference addresses of the General Aucan be found a group made up of more precious persons, the epitome thorities of the Church so that they too can have, of all that is beautiful, the personification of all that is good. With all in part at least, the inspiration and instruction of

my heart I say, God bless you, and these great occasions.

I pray that he may do so, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen,;'i: 1 1::; 1 1: t:::: j n::;:::: 1 1; 1 1::::: t:; 1 1;::::;:::::: t:::::: i

OCTOBER 1947 687 Hhai is the Most Important EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 667) progressed also in every derivative Year in a Child's Life? radio—are factors in progress only principle of progress. The standif used properly. True progress ards of correct living have been

comes from within the man. raised higher and higher, for all to

It is a to exercise wholesome test see. diliPatiently, humbly, but agree that Doctors for physioneself, at these regular times with gently, the Latterday Saints over development cal and mental

the first year is the most imand other divine tests of progress. the years have held virtue in prime

life. in child's a year portant It gives courage to go on. regard; have sought unknowledge speextra that This means frequent question, The "Are we til educationally they the lead cial taken care to be must

insure proper development better than in the past?"really world; have spent their substance

this allimport- throughout means progressed "Have we since in teaching the gospel to all men; year. ant the past?"is not easily The answer tried their to have ever bring and take such This we is why

scrupulous care in the profound, since it lies in the heart and actions under the law of the Lord.

Special duction of Morning actions of each individual man. as a result have to this, and Added the Milk, evaporated milk Moreover "comparisons are odious,"in gains, material remarkable doctors recomthat so come many

mend for baby's formula. because so many things involved the face of unfavorable conditions.

carefully control each We can not be clearly seen. statistics be Confirmatory not may step, production the from in the However, light of history, available, obbut have grocer; to your and farm those who we

add extra vitamins A and D and using the preceding standards, served the Church through the in just the right to amount for the answer the Church as a years, despite have, apthe many insure help proper bone and whole can only last "yes."be The errors, convicthe residual parent tooth development.

Be glad when your doctor century has been one of progress, tion that the Church has been and is

Special prescribes Morning true progress for the members of the in of state progress. a wholesome first rour baby's Milk for 3 Church. were. are "better"than we We

in pioneers, their acceptance The Our problem is, the unending one, of the principles faith, of charhope, ity, love, were superb. They cannot to keep in the path of progress, as stated by Brigham Young:

be exceeded for they reached the heights. We of today can only claim "The principle of increase, of

to have secured additional evidence exaltation, of adding to that we alfor the defense of these cornerstones ready possess, is the grand moving of progress. principle and cause of the actions of

A. W. Likewise, all available informathe children of men."*—/.

tion indicates that the Church has Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 87

THE EDITOR'S PAGE [Continued from page 639) ought, to be some evidence of the ical body is insignificant compared to benefits of it.

the destruction of the soul. Notwithstanding, many of our The gospel of Jesus Christ is to boys and girls are not observing the

preserve souls, of which the body is rules that the Lord laid down for for tabernacle, the eternal happiness.

are foolish we if we How give way happiness.of the olderIboysam talkingand girls,nowtoo,to somewho to the habits and customs of the are grandfathers and grandmothers.

world! Statistics have been given to How many of them are failing? I

of things those that our you Heavhope not many, but I am sure we in enly love Father his kindness and know of some. The purpose of the

a hundred years ago warned against: gospel of Jesus Christ is to prepare

"In consequence of evils and designs us to understand the beauty of life which do and will exist in the hearts as the Lord has indicated it should of conspiring men in the last days, I be lived, by telling us how we may have warned you, and forewarn you avoid the things that are destroying of giving wisunto you by this word the is losing world. today America..."89: C. by revelation. dom ( D. & refuse her people ground because to

4.) And what does it teach us? What keep the commandments of God.

we should eat and drink to build our People in the world, millions of peobodies, what we should not use if we ple in the United States of America, do not want to destroy our bodies, refuse to honor the Sabbath day to thus destroying our prospect of eterkeep it holy; refuse to be virtuous;

nal happiness in the Celestial Kingrefuse to love one another as famidom. Why, we have had that doclies, as fathers and mothers and

trine a hundred years. Surely there parents and children; refuse to be

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page honorable in their dealings; and

there is so much violation that today it would seem there is not very much hope for improvement because there are so many that have gone on the back track.

I have had the companionship of the best boys and girls and the best men and women that could be found in the world while I have been a member of the Mutual Improvement

Association. I did not have to go

somewhere else to find good companions. I could find them in this

organization and in the SundaySchool and in the other organizaWITH PABCO given tions the has Lord to the EXTERIOR TRIM FINISH everything. us has givenChurch. He

The tabernacle is only a small part MADE OF MORE EXPENSIVE INGREDIENTS TO ASSURE of it; the organ is only a small part

of it. Think of the opportunities that EXTREMELY HIGH GLOSS. More attractive—longerlast-

are ours for education, refinement, ing, too!

and culture. CLEANER, TRUER, BRIGHTER COLORS—colors with the

I would like to illustrate, if I may, "California touch."

by an expression again from my grandfather. You will think I am "EASYPAINTING."Selfleveling. Dries overnight. And

proud of my grandfather because I one coat does most jobs.

quote him every once in a while. He Buy from your Pobco Dealer, THE PARAFFINE COMPAN I ES I NC.

gave me his name, and I have been fisted in the Phone Book SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA having a job all my life to keep it Classified Section. A

where he would have it, I can tell you that. Grandfather, in talking

to his family, once said: "There is

a line of demarcation well defined between the Lord's territory and OTHERA SAGA OF ANCIENTSHEEPAMERICA the devil's territory."He said, "If An interesting, exciting but revyou will stay on the Lord's side erent story based on the characters

of the line, the devil cannot cross and action of Third Nephi with exthat line, and you are perfectly safe. planatory notes by archeologists

You cannot have any serious diffisupporting the divinity of the Book culties if you will stay on the Lord's of Mormon.

side of the line. But,"he added, "if Price $1.00 plus sales tax

you go on the other side of the line, on the devil's side, one inch, you are in his his territory, in are you and THE LAST(NINTH EDITION)DAYS to get power, you work and he will THE GOSPEL PLAN of Prophecies A Compilation just as far from that line as he posof interpretation not a personal Pertinent to the Present and eternal journey, sibly can."but a colisman's

of Future in lection the Near I think did he mean? of what the Now, standard worksscripture—as foundChurch—arthe Joseph's Prophet Contains the in that a main ranged such way interpretathe to give I ought you in their orproper steps are shown "Saints prophecy* a to Become

It to relation other. der in each tion. the Sabbath honor day If you ViMighty People,"Washington's is doctrine. contains This no new

and keep it holy, you are on the sion, "Future of U. S."; and Brigham oramaa handbookof eternalof thelife.gospel: a panLord's side of the line. If you do not, Young's "Future of Utah"; also the Order from your favorite bookstore or

you are on the devil's side of the "Cardston Experience,"foretelling direct from publisher.

line. If you are immoral, you are livWelfare Plan, Babson's prophecy Cfjurcf) H>erb!ce Co.

ing in the devil's territory, and you regarding the Atomic Bomb and P. O. Box 2245

hundreds of others of vital interest are in his power. If you observe the

Word of Wisdom given by our pages.to L. D. S. Contains nearly 300 HOTEL LANKERSHIM are the Father, on Heavenly you Price $2.00 (plus sales tax) Its t II0MWAY side that of the line. side Lord's Sold by other CO. On DESEBET and Utah BOOK RATES MODERATE -will or Stores and Idaho Book postbe mailed in Los Angeles Headquarters L D. line the cannot drink of the you paid by publishers Operator R. WfSHON FRANKS.

Manager H. BECKETT. RAY use things destroy; that cannot you THE PYRAMID LOS PRESS ANGELES the that destroy, because drugs the 609 S. 2nd East Salt Lake PERSONS City 2, Utah 'TWt - ONE CNM6E"{Continued on page 690)

OCTOBER 1947 689

The Editor's Page Congratulate Yourself minute ( Continuedyou startfromto pageuse 689them you have crossed the line into the devil's territory. That You Waited For And so I might go on and say all

that our Heavenly Father desires us to enjoy means happiness, is on his WURLlTZER side of the line; and all that is happiof can have the Organ you Now your choice ness worthy of the name is on the preeminently so... the WURLlTZER...

adapted to the requirements of Church, School Lord's side of the line; and unhappior Home... the distinguished Electronic Orness and sorrow on this earth and

gan you'll be happy you waited for. eternal disappointment are on the

line. Mutual ImHERE IT IS- ---"Music's Richest Voice"devil's side of the

Gives you true organ tone Adequate for artist performance provement Association work is inBuilt to specifications of American Offers no technical problems for tended to keep us on the Lord's side

Guild of Organists casual performer of the line. It is intended to encourSimple to install Reasonable in cost age us to stay on that side of the line.

WURLlTZER will be your choice when you see it. hear it, play itl Every once in a while we hear

See SELDON N. HEAPS for full details. somebody say, "Oh, I wouldn't be

so particular. The Lord is not going

just to severe with us very be if we CO.

is talkpart go SUMMERHAYS17 West 1st South St. MUSICSalt Lake City 1, Utah one way."The who

ing that way is already on the devil's side of the line, and you do not want to listen to him because if you do, you may be misled. Nobody talks

that way who has the Spirit of the

that we must keep his commandITS EASY TO MAKE Lord. The Lord himself has said

ments: "There is a law, irrevocably

decreed in heaven before the founCentennial Souvenirs dations of this world, upon which all

Use the Salt Lake TribuneTelegram Hisblessings are predicated."(D. & C.

torical Centennial patterns. Thirtytwo de- 1 30: 20. ) The gospel of Jesus Christ

is to teach us how to earn that blesssigns especially created for needlework ing. Mutual Improvement is to teach

and artcraft. Only 20c each or three for us how to earn the happiness that

50c at Home Service Bureau, Tribunegoes with the blessing of the gospel

Telegram Building. Order yours today of Jesus Christ.

I would like all of us to interrogate by mail. Enclose cash or stamps. ourselves. Let this man ask, "Are

you ready if the call came tonight to go into the Celestial Kingdom?"If

not, then right now, without any more delay, he had better begin to K make preparation. And if we have

been slipping anywhere along the line, let us make our adjustments -s*s>SH while there is yet time.

*> The people in the M.I.A. ought to

be the sweetest, the kindest, the

KM most lovable, the most helpful, the most generous, the most honest, the!&**>* purest in life that can be found anywhere in all the world. That is what

this work is intended to do for us.

And I believe there are many of those who are here tonight, the majority of them, are trying day who to up. measure day ttauoME*\ by

*>< ASKGROCERYOUR White parachute Nylon for slips, lingerie. I have been in your homes and as-

5 panels (10 sq. yd.) $4.95. Clarks', sociated with you in my travels. I

Guaranteed for to thank blessing the you 19 Keith Springfield, Mass. want by VSi3 Housekeeping/i Good

bring for the me, that you tlME CORN example 690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page that you have set in my presence and the encouragement I have had from you. I need that encouragement, and

I ourthat examine praynow we r find the side ofselves out which and BETTER Insurance for line we are on; and if we are on the

that side, stay there, becauseLord's BETTER Risks happiness in the commeans eternal panionship of the best men and women that have lived upon the earth.

If we have slipped in any way, if we have been careless; if we have

listened to the tempter and gone ENERAL OF AMERICA was across the line to partake of those founded in 1923 with a basic policy things that the world thinks are so—to insure only preferred risks, to

desirable and the Lord has said are steadfastly reject poor or questionable risks. As a result, today

not good for us, let us as quickly as we have one of the largest capital stock insurance companies possible get back on the other side, in the nation.

ask the Lord to forgive us our foolishness, and then with his help go on living the life that means eternal happiness. Hence our policy holders have strong protection. They take

Let us do everything we can to inpride in the fact that their property qualifies. They like our

fluence our friends, our neighbors, fire inspection service which helps them overcome needless our own loved ones to keep all the hazards. Countless thousands save on premiums. Sound, well

commandments of God because in that way only can we enjoy the haplocated property can qualify for this better insurance. Ask

piness that it is possible to enjoy today for information.

throughout the ages of eternity.

God bless you, my brethren and Look to General, the leader, for new and sisters. He has blessed you, and he better features in virtually all forms of

will bless you, and I pray that his commercial insurance.

peace and his love may be in your hearts and in your homes because of your righteous lives, that your example may be as a leaven in the communities in which you live, that will leaven the whole loaf and preINSURANCE COMPANY OF pare us to be what our Heavenly Father desires us to be as the Church of 11*''THE CAPITAL STOCK COMPANY OF PRIFtRRED RISKS"

Jesus Christ, the kingdom of God, the Celestial Kingdom, and I pray that it may be so, and as I have Homo Offices: Seattle, Watk, Agent* Everywhere H. K. DENT, Pret.

power to bless you, I bless you that you will resist temptation and live to be worthy of what our Father in heaven desires every one of us to enjoy, eternal happiness in the Celestial Kingdom, and I pray that our HlllllllllC3lillll!lllll[]|||||lilllUUIIIIinilUIC2ilUIIIIIIIIC3limUIIHIE2linilinill[3HimiUHIC3IIIIHIIIIl|[3IIII

Heavenly Father will fulfil that bless ing, in the name of Jesus Christ, our 1U THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I:

Lord. Amen. | 50 North Main Street j|

Salt Lake City 1, Utah S |"ZZ>—u

5 Please enter my subscription for one year. My $2.00 is enclosed. =

"Name =

Address

City. State.

llllC3IIIIIIIIIIHC3llllllllHllC2IIIIIillllilE3l!llllIII[II[3IIIIIIIIIIIIC3ill!lllillllE31IIIH!!l!lin!liniilllll[3!NHIIH

OCTOBER 1947 691 URPRBtan Washington 1, D.C. The "Era's"Mailing Superintendent

Dear Editor:

7\ fter so many years of struggling to get anyone to say a!s our genial superintend- ** kind word for my books on alcohol education and nicotine A ent of mails, Herbert

education, Are You Awake? and Modern Minus Sign, it is Hegemeister directs the sendindeed gratifying to have them so well reviewed in your fine ing of The Improvement Era

magazine. One who tries to teach people that the use of to the four corners of the

alcohol and also the use of tobacco takes away from the joy globe (see cover and page of living instead of adding to it, is destined to "come up 653 ). Now one of the Era's

against"many real discouragements, and your fine review has senior employees, he started given me renewed courage in my battle of ridiculing rum in the circulation department with rhyme and reason. in 1932 when the mailing

Most cordially, was only parttime work.

Florence Marshall Stellwagen Herbert knows the railroad systems which carry The Delano, California Improvement Era to nearly

Dear Editors: every city, town, or hamlet

have just returned from six weeks in Salt Lake City—and in the United States and

I never dreamed my subscription would run out on me while HERBERT HEGEMEISTER Canada. I was away—so please don't let me miss even one number of Born in Neumarkt, Silesia,

It is like beautiful the your Era!

is city of Salt Lake—it calls Germany,when he was finest all the there in one! out he wasseventeen—hisconverted tofatherthe Church,is now withpresidenthis parents,of the

Very sincerely, Bieleselder District in Germany. After completing his schoolJuanita Brooks (Mrs. A. E.) ing, Herbert was an apprentice on a fourrigger sailing ship

for two years and visited seaports in Europe, Africa, and

Menlo Park, California South America. He came to the United States in 1925, and

Dear Sirs: after living in New York a year, he moved to Milwaukee.

T)lease send me four copies of The Improvement Era, and In 1929 he came to Salt Lake City and married Helen Moeller.

* accept my congratulations for such a splendid contribuWhen Herbert is not giving his time to studying geography, tion to this Centennial year. It will be a pleasure to present or a method of getting your Improvement Era to you faster,

them to some of the faculty members of Stanford Univerhe is working on his small fruit farm on the outskirts of Salt sity.... Lake City

Sincerely, <$ A. Ted Tuttle HUMOR

Angeles, California Los certain inthat of newspaper answering a practice made A Editors: Dear quiries this readers from received one:

still much, very greater and wishing for success you Thank tell is "Please the with matter chickens. me what They my

of the clearer the "Voice which Church"seems to sound to roost apparently well. go find next morning or The one we

by. years as the go stiff, floor, the more feet on white, in air."combs the and

Sincerely yours, It was the editor's busy day, and this is the answer his

Gustave W. Wurzbach reader received: "Dear Sir, your chickens are dead."

ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES he Heenteredhad beena fishmonger'sfishing, butshopwith andbad saidluck.to Onthe hisdealer,way "John,home,

1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "C,"San Diego, Calif. stand over there and throw me five of the biggest of those

1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif. trout."

615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif. "Throw 'em? What for?"asked the dealer in amazement.

1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H. "I want to tell the family I caught 'em. I may be a poor

fisherman, but I'm no liar."

CONCLUDING "ERA"DRIVE OF WEBER STAKE

The photograph above, of the Weber Stake officers at a special meeting of the concluding "Era"drive is a sample of what some stakes do to keep their good record. The enthusiasm of the meeting was fired by remarks of the stake presidency, all of whom were present. Ono hundred seventythree and a half subscriptions were obtained. Later, refreshments were served to about sixty people.

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

are 6e#",.. TM/0 rir#7H

&""ON*- ikon Vffltt(rWev

ACTUALLY TWO LIGHTER WEIGHT

BLANKETS WOVEN AS ONE!

DoubleWeave means double value because it assures you that every Wool

O'The West blanket gives most in warmth for each ounce of weight.

Science has proved that two lighterweight layers insulate better than one heavier layer... nature has proved

that pure virgin wool is the best insulator. Wool O'The West, with the

skill of a half century of blanketmaking, brings you the nation's best blankets.

Double Beauty, Too! Wide Selection

of Smart Patterns and Colors!

Every Wool The West Blanket Measures Dp to These HighTest Standards SEE WOOL 0'THE WEST

AT ANY OF THESE STORES:

DoubleChecked Virgin Wools... experts select adds beauty. Napping creates thousands of

only the best long, fine fibers. tiny air po ckets to increas e insulating qualities Allinger's,IDAHO: Montpelier

PocatelloDoubleWeave... the costly process that Inspection guarantees only perfect blankets. FargoWilson-Wells,

Idaho Dept. Store, Twin

weaves two blanket thicknesses backto-back Any store listed here will show you these Wool J. P. Cross Co., Rexburg, Falls

by tying together with the warp. O'The West blankets: VOGUE, HEALTH RAY, Largelliers,St. AnthonySoda Springs

DoublePrecaution... every step of processing ARCTIC, SNOSPUN, BAROQUE, SIGNATURE, Roper Clothing Company, Rupert

carefully checked by expert supervisors. Preroyal, in an assortment of smart decorator Tingwall's, Inc., Jerome, Gooding

shrinking interlocks and strengthens the fibers, colors and designs. See them soon. MONTANA:

A. W. Miles Co., Livingston

ChambersFisher Co., Bozeman

*mMMWgM Fligelman's,HartAlbin Co.,HelenaBillings

Hennessy's, Butte Ut* UTAH: Company, Salt Lake City wgdlwmst BLANKETS Auerbach

C. C. Anderson Stores Co.,

Ogden, Logan Christensen's, Inc., Payson,

Richfield, Spanish Fork, Salina

SPECIAL OFFER! DOLL BLANKET FOR LITTLE GIRLS! Selvin's,D. Stevens,TooeleDelta

For a limited time only you can get this beautiful Wool O'The West doll size blanker (12 Stevens Co., Cedar City

by 15 in.) for just 75c. Made just like mother's Wool O'The West blanket, bound on both Stevens Mercantile Co., Fillmore

ends in lovely rayon satin ribbon. Send coupon with coin today. Mark your choice of color. Taylor's, Provo

WOOL O"THE WEST, Blanket Dtp. WYOMING:

Baltimore, Portland 6639 N. 3, Oregon. Casper Commissary, Casper

Please accept for doll blankets order fot my Trading Co., Cody Cody

Color (Check Choice): Blue; Rose; Dusty QPink; whichQ IGreen;enclose $ Gold; Peach. Dillinger's, Buffalo

Name, Harris Furniture Co., Cheyenne

Addres. Kassis Dry Goods Co., Laramie

Stevens Fryberger, Sheridan City..State. The Blyth & Fargo Co., Evanston

is It understanding will that mail a certificate my you me Mercantile which entitles me to get the number Union Co.,

0'doll of blankets ordered at West dealer. The Wool my springs Rock

Dealer 1 s Name,.,.,... #>.. t

PROTECTED PASTURES

In all the art and literature of man, the care of sheep

is symbolic of loving protection... of thoughtful provision for the needs of those unable to make their way

alone. In modern times, the wise breadwinner of the

family carries life insurance, that he may continue to

"shepherd"his flock, should he be taken from them.

mk:j.y

> * 1

.:..-::..

-."::: '-.':'.""-.-.;-.:.- "-'".'':.:':: -':..'

/mm\ fW\>rV

George Albert Smith, Pres. Sa!t Lake City, Utah RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY. UTA H