kvzn nt

Return Postage Guaranteed—Salt Lake City, Utah

Li Presents:—-A O

'n'AMOS ANDY!

These brilliant young Americans appear nightly in the cleanest and most wholesome humor in the world today.

After four years of broadcasting, the records show them still outstandingly the world's greatest daily radio attraction.

The 193132 radio season promises many wonderful surprises for you.

Station KSL always appreciates a part of your listening time and invites you to tune in often.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 633

pQRECAST PTheimprovementBRYANT S. HINCKLEY is

preparing a series of pen picMelvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesleytures of the First Presidency and Business Manager—ERA"Associate Business Manager

Twelve. These will not be biog- O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

raphies but human interest stories of Church leaders whose lives are RachelGeorge GrantQ. MorrisTaylor

full of thrilling experiences. The Chairmen Era and Publicity

subject of the first sketch will be

President Heber J. Grant. Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

—?ejB*o- Associations and the Department of Education

Association the Improvement Mutual Men's Copyright, by 1930, Young interesting parable A NOTHER Latterday Saints Christ of of Jesus the of Church Corporation1 x from the pen E. of Dr. James

Talmage will appear in the October number. CONTENTS

Title Author Page 'T'HE largest number of stories EditorialsThe Story of Two Lamps i Dr. James E. Talmage 634

ever received by the Era in any The Old Order Changeth—Elsie T. Bcandley 635

J. 636 of Cannon Judgments Hugh Today The itsof prize contests resulted from J. 636 Cannon Miracles Hugh of Age An latest offer.our Final decision has loins President 637 Anthony Pioneers W.not yet been made, the but story

S. Hinckley 641 Bryant in Greatness Men first place,awarded written one by Fielding 643 Smith Joseph Chastity of Law Thewhose has appeared in print, work

S. 645 Dr. Bennion VIII) (Part Facing Adamwill be Life—given a place in our next

L. Dr. Martin the Earth 647 Gains Thomas Over Dominion Manissue. first prize story subThe

Jr. Albert Smith, 648 George Exhibit of Wisdom Wordmitted one writings by whose have Athlete"Greatest Les Goates 650 World's Crowned Boy "Mormonnot appeared print, in will be an-

J. R. C. 652 Days Covered Wagon

later.nounced

'Twas a Long, Long Trail Patricia H. McMillen 654

of Martha (Serial Story, Chapter Two) A Daughter for ThanksRASSHOPPERSn On the Trail of the Overland Stage Kenneth S. Bennion 658 Williams Stone Ivy 662

title giving is the inof anV

, 666 Largo (A Story) E. W. Taylorteresting account this of recent

plague in midwestern and western Trailer of Evergreen (A Story) Lieut. Sidney DeGrey 668

Lewis 671 Ora on a Watermelon A Sermonstates. In some parts of Utah

Bfiandley (Summaries of Magazine Articles) -.Elsie T. Through 674 been destroyingfarmers have them Glancing

by the ton, and in other places a PoetryThe Tapestry of Life Elsie C. Carroll 676

pest has been put to practical use. Dry Farms Vesta P. Crawford

—e<fJ<ifca—OnImpressionsThe Hills i LindaGuy E.S. ColemanFletcher

for Beatrice Ashes Beauty K. Ekman interesting and depart- A NEW to Nature Florence D. Cummings A Sonnet be introduced ment will Christie in the Sonnet LundOctober Era—"The Right Thing Foods for Health Adah R. Naylor 677

At All Times."Adah H. Naylor, Priesthood Quorums 678

well known to readers through her The Challenge (M. I. A. Song) -—Ruth May Fox, J. Spencer Cornwall 680

"Foods for Health"column durMutual Messages, 682 ing the past year, is to have charge Era and Publicity Department 682 of the page each month, and she Community Activity Committee 683 will point out in her clear, delight- M Men Department 684 ful way the advantages and joys AdultKeep a-Crammin'Department (A Poem),. 683683

of "right thing"knowing what the Girls Gleaner Department '. 684 Girls Department first Junior all occasions. heris on 684 Read

Vanguards Scouts Departments 685article on and good manners you

Beehive Girls Department 685will find yourself eagerly watching The Workmanship of Your Hands Glenn J. Beeley 691

for the next one.

-*S2g?a*- Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter,

in Education NewHTHE Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1 103, Austria, Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Stevensen, Bertha S. Mrs. A by Manuscripts submitted the without statement, "At usual rates,"are conis an instructive article on an edusidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

cational movement which is atrequested, will be destroyed.

tracting international attention. Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. 1. A. General Boards;

We are fortunate to be able to $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

present it to our readers.

IE I L A Talmage Brandley Hugh J. Cannon Elsie

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

The Story of Two Lamps A Parable and Its Application A MONG the material through the late and early -*-*- things of the past hours, my lamp came to things that I treasure for DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE be more than a mere physsweet memory's sake and ical illuminator-—it was abecause of pleasant associof the Council of the Twelve Apostles sympathetic companion,

ation in bygone days—is an inspiration to mental

a lamp. It is of the Arand spiritual enlightengand type, commonly ment. You who have been

stress and strife, youknown in the day of its Vol.Editors'17, No.Note:3; ReprintedJanuary, from1914.The AsImprovementso few, comEra, in

popularity as the "Stuparatively, of our present readers have access to old volwho have had to wrestle dent's Lamp,"so named umes of the Era, we feel justified in reprinting this exwith difficulty and contend in acknowledgment of its cellent parable from the pen of Dr. Talmage. Like the with seeming fate, you

particular and peculiar Gospelintellects.itself, it will appeal to trained and untrained who have been blessed

suitability for the reader's through all such taxing table. Lamps of this kind strain with a neverfailing

were among the best in the longago. A very few friend, an everpresent and everready companion

years divide the longago from the present as measyou may know somewhat of the affection I felt and ured in terms of improvement and progress. In feel for my faithful lamp.

the longago of which I speak, illuminating gas Compared with waxen candle and ordinary oil was known only in large cities or in pretentious burning lamps it was of high efficiency. What mattowns with a history, and electric lights in dwellings ters it today that such a lamp is counted dim? It

was a rare novelty. Candles and oil lamps were was the best I knew; it was excellent in its time.

the only common means of domestic illumination. Do you ask how much light it gave? I can answer

The lamp of which I speak, the student lamp your query with precision, for as early as that time, of my school and college days, was one of the best in the longago, I was a student of science; and I had

of its kind. I had bought it with hardearned tested my lamp according to the laws of photometry

savings; it was counted among my most cherished in the improvised laboratory! had contrived. The

possessions. That type of lamp was provided with light was of about twelve candle power, in terms

a smallhollow wick, and had a straight cylindrical of the generally recognized and standardized rating.chimney, with a constriction near the base, where It was brilliant in that period—in the longago,

an enlargement adapted it to the burner. It was remember.

constructed in accordance with the best knowledge of One summer evening I sat musing studiously and the day. Its tubular wick, less than a fingerbreadth withal restfully in the open air outside the door of

in diameter, with efficient air inlet at the bottom the room in which I lodged and studied. A stranger

insured fairly complete combustion with a minimum approached. I noticed that he carried a satchel. He

loss of energy through useless generation of heat. was affable and entertaining. I brought another

The oil reservoir was supported on an upright chair from within, and we chatted together till the standard, removed by several inches from the place twilight had.deepened into dusk, the dusk into

of combustion; and. in consequence, the holder cast darkness.

no shadow upon printed page or writing tablet, proThen he said: "You are a student, and doubtless

vided, of course, the lamp was properly placed. have much work to do o'nights. What kind of lamp

I took good care of my lamp. I had in it a pride do you use?"And without waiting for a reply he

such as the horseman feels in his favorite mount. continued: "I have a superior lamp I should like to

He likes personally to groom and feed his steed, and show you, a lamp designed and constructed according so I allowed none but myself to trim the wick, to the latest achievements of applied science, far burnish the chimney, and fill the reservoir of my surpassing anything heretofore produced as a means lamp. When brightly burning, with its deep green of artificial lighting."

opaque shade, brilliantly deflecting and reflecting be- I replied with confidence, and I confess not withneath, it diffused a wholly satisfactory illumination out some exultation: "My friend, I have a lamp,

upon my page; and, as I kept vigil night after night, one that has been tested and proved. It has been

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 635

to me a companion through many a long night. It As to the further meaning of the parable, let

is an Argand lamp, and one of the best. I have him that hath eyes and a heart see and understand.

trimmed and cleaned it today; it is ready for the lighting. Step inside; I will show you my lamp, then you

may tell me whether yours can possibly be better."The Old Order We entered my study room, and with a feeling

athlete to that is akin of the I assume which about >th to enter a contest as a Chan. regards one with he whom

pitiably inferior opponent, I put the match to my of the overworked statements of present day welltrimmed Argand. ONE

is effect times that have to the conversation his visitor praise. the in voluble was It was My fact declare years the of changed. People advanced

its said. best of he averred kind that he lamp He of those solemnly headshakings; and with ominous a seen better in never trim. turned had lamp He

it, age matterof-fact are taking middle about more the the adjustand wick pronounced and up down is triit as a surprise; nottoo-unpleasant and youth perfect. declared that before never he ment had He

realized how satisfactory a student lamp could be. umphant, for youth always thinks times should

change, a the of share in having changing. glory and I liked the to wise, he seemed he man; and me

is fact to all changed! evident have Times That assuredly ingratiating. love lamp, me, was Love my

all to at used times anything about what who know I expres- a thought, paraphrasing mentally common be. to needs be look convinced. only about One sion period. of the

"Now,"said he, "with your permission I'll light Automobiles instead of horsedrawn "buggies", trathe like birds thoroughfares; airplanes wing satchel his lamp."then verse took from He a lamp my the air; participate in governvote, and even women It as the "Rochester."which, a chimney had known

compared with mine, was as a factory smokestack ment; long hair is no longer a crowning beauty, but

alongside a house flue. Its hollow wick was wide a nuisance which will not go into the average hat,

enough to admit;my four fingers. Its light made and, sometimes, a confession of a lack of courage;

bright the remotest corner of my room. In its sideburns are scarce; and saloons have given place to

brilliant blaze my own little Argand wick burned beautyparlors. These are a few of the many external

a weak, pale yellow. Until that moment of conchanges, to which countless others might be added.

vincing demonstration I had never known the dim On every hand are to be seen or heard changes which obscurity in which I had lived and labored, studied the times have brought and are bringing hourly.

'and struggled. Quite as important are other changes, not always

"I'll buy your lamp,"said I; "you need neither visible or audible, which are making themselves felt

in the life of today. are experiencing Young people I acquisiexplain further."argue took nor my new

definitely, these their perhaps, more than are parents tion to that the laboratory deternight, same and mined its capacity. It burned at over fortyeight and grandparents, and viewing them with less foreis that civilization and no fear threatened candle four times the intensity of my boding, power—fully because of Quietly, them. these gradually other have student lamp.

Two days after purchasing, I met the lampofchangeswhirlingcome,propeller,without withoutthe throbtheof exhilarationmotor or roarof peddler on the street, about noontime. To my speeding through space or walking into an erstwhile

inquiry he replied that business was good; the deforbidden ballotbooth. Slowly, almost unrecoghis for greater the factory lamps was than mand nized creeping have they come, into minds and hearts,

said supply. are to- "But,"not working I, "you giving rise to and questions, problems, new new new

lesson. rejoinder a day?"His think you was "Do attitudes.

I (be that as so foolish to trying would go around First, a basic perhaps and explanation of many sell to in the daytime? lamps have you Would is of others, the the in the change situaeducational

I if it lighted for one had bought the sun you when tion filled, today. of are Colleges whereas high-

I shining? the chose to superitime the was show schools used to halfempty. be time was, not The ority of yours; over eager lamp were and you my ago, long schools institutions were in when which to better ofFered, the one were not?"you own questions answered; were are places they where now

is the story. consider the application Such NowI questions are life, asked the student, and left and to

part, a a of very part, thereof. small give answer. analysis, Experiment debate and open

"Let your light so shine before men, that they forum, trial and mistake and retrial all have a part may see your good works, and glorify your Father, iiythe schooling of today, in place of the catechismal which is in heaven."order of an earlier time; and following in the wake

The man who would sell me a lamp did not of these methods is an inevitable train of unsolved disparage mine. He placed his greater light alongproblems, unanswered queries.

side my feebler flame, and I hasted to obtain the Into recreation have changes come, also. The

better. idea of extracting joy from a quiet afternoon on a

The missionary servants of the Church of Jesus hill with a book, or in peaceful contemplation of

Christ today are sent forth, not to assail or ridicule the clouds moving slowly across a blue sky; or in a

the beliefs of men, but to set before the world a garden with trowel and watering can has become superior light, by which the smoky dimness of the dim by comparison with the newer notion of speed flickering flames of manmade creeds shall be apparand snap, pep, thrill, jazz which has seized upon ent. The work of the Church is constructive, not many and been thrust upon others. Going somedestructive. where, doing something, getting into a merry, noisy,

636 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

lively the slogan which and suggested that he listen in. A number of friends crowd—this seems to be

offers fairer promise of fun than all the hills and had gathered in the son's home, for at the time radios clouds and gardens ever made. were not so common as they are today, and as the

The problems of today are not new problems, voice of the speaker came clear and distinct into but they require a new method of solving; a method the room about eight hundred miles away, the son

to counteract the answer to be found in dancehall, said, "That's my father speaking. I recognize his

joyride and skepticism. There is nothing hopevoice."

less about the change in the old order, for change is And yet the voice was neither harsh nor loud;

significant, often, of growth, progress, uplift. neither were any eardrums injured.

The one great need is the realization of a common The problem which was so mystifying to a man purpose, a single aim toward which all are working. of science a few years ago, a problem for which no

With sympathy, love and tolerance, guided by prayer, human experience could find an explanation, is today the questions of today will find answer which will as simple as the alphabet.

give promise for the morrow and eternity. In the Very frequently young people, and occasionally

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are those of more mature years, are disturbed in their solutions to the problems which beset its members, faith because there is an apparent conflict with the young or old. In friendship and sincere spirit of ideas of scientists which, according to human wiscooperation and helpfulness the magazines of the dom, are well demonstrated truths.

Church hope to do their part in making both quesThe attitude of President Snow was perfectly tions and answers clear. E. T. B. consistent. He knew that the Almighty had spoken

and was willing to wait for detailed explanations

this a course. at In such sneer scientists mindedTheJudgments ofToday of the things difficult to understand. Some narrowof the Uniof Graham, Dr. connection the words

A GENTLEMAN once called on President Lorversity of Chicago, are interesting. In an inspiring

School, at the B. Y. delivered U. Summer and something like the following lecture-*-*- enzo Snow

religion is a contempt for he said: "A contemptconversation ensued:

"President Snow, I am very much interested in for humanity."

the doctrines of your Church and particularly in the The Almighty has given many ancient in and revelations both it I times of a read Innumber of have Truth Mormon.Book his expects he times; but modern

it there truth. contains the believe However,and destructible faith and to children walk by

is inexplicable. of to thing Most which one me

"line gives therefore upon them line transmission the studies along of been haveismy little."little Consider a there line; a here and that in I expert of an something sound,of and am sure a also more word have Peter: the of words "We of tofield. the according Mormon, Book Now take that well ye ye do of prophecy; whereunto in a to visited spoke Nephites them and theChrist

place, shineth in a that as dark a light heed, unto all loud, neither but harsh norvoice which was arise star in the your day until the and dawn, day it. one knows heard the multitude Asof who

seems unhearts."such a thing waves, of soundsomething the of words hymn, In the "God is his own insufficiently loud voice impossible. andnatural A it plain."will terpreter, he and make seriously listeners all the to would the wavesto carry

injure the eardrums of those near by."

The venerable president put this question to hisvisitor: "In your scientific studies do you run across An A&e of Miracles

president ofproblems which you cannot answer?"GENERAL JAMES G. HARBORD,

"Oh, yes, certainly,"the man replied, "many of the Radio Corporation of America, predicts them."marvelous things for electricity within the next de-

"And there are questions pertaining to the Gospel cade or two. He has the following in Capper's

which cannot be answered,"President Snow candidly Magazine for July:

admitted. "Perhaps this is one of them. But I knew "Let me picture a directors'meeting of the future:

Joseph Smith intimately; I, too, have made a careful A great corporation whose directorate is scattered

study of the Book of Mormon; and I have received a across the continent calls a meeting of the board by

positive testimony from the Lord that the young wire. The hour is named, switches go on and in

prophet translated this book from the plates, just as an hour a quorum is obtained. To each man as he

he said he did, through power received from on high. sits in the quiet of his own office come in turn the

Any question, therefore, which arises in my mind and voices of his fellow directors. The discussion ends, a

which cannot be immediately answered is put aside, vote is taken and a copy of the proceedings is flashed as your scientific problems are, until by thought and to every member for signature. The facsimiles with

study and further revelation an explanation is the signatures are flashed back and the chairman found."adjourns the meeting.

Scarcely a score of years after He is speaking of the future, but the astounding the fanof the most a achievements recent past make conversatin Church memplausible. the tastic ideas appear asked City The Mvsterv* ". sber in was human Salt Lake'When

Solved to speak on the following Sunvoice with all its inflections can be heard around day in the Tabernacle. He wrote the world, surely nothing is impossible once the

to his son in Los Angeles apprising him of the fact law by which it is governed is learned. H. J. C.

fhemprovemeirt PIONEERS

PRESIDENT ANTHONY W. IVINS

Anthony W. Ivins and Mascot, (right)

PIONEER is one who goes conquerable desire of man to peneon the Torreon, Mexico before, blazes trails, retrate unknown fields for new disobstacles moves preand covery, the devotion Jesuit of a or the discovery and colonizationApares the way, that those folpriest, friar who or of the order of San of parts of the new and unknown low after may travel over better Francisco to carry the cross to the earth's surface. It is the spirit of

and safer roads. unconverted heathen, regardless of the pioneer which prompts finite

Roads made by men thread the the sacrifice or danger involved, man to reach out in his endeavor world. We travel over them now freedom from religious and poto penetrate the infinite.

on bands of steel, in luxurious litical thraldom, are among the motor cars or through the air. influences which have moved men ()N these old trails men have

yesterdayOnly these roads were to depart the beaten from perished thirst in from sumpaths trails,mere blazed inby fearless, untried and fields, and enter new mer, cold lack and from and of trepid men through unknown forwhether it be in science, sociology, food in winter; have been masests, across trackless dessacred by savages, have

erts, or over snowclad killed each other for posmountains. The romance session of the precious

and tragedy of these old fluid contained in the trails, now so well water holes scattered known to us, will never along the way, and have be written or told. It murdered for the gold

cannot be, because the taken from the hills men and women who through which the trails made unrecorded history passed.

along these devious ways, Young men and maidhave long since gone to ens have plighted their tread the paths of anothfaith as they traveled er and better world, over them, mothers have leaving little of written given birth to children, history behind them. and holy men have sacriThe lure of gold, the ficed their lives for relust of conquest, the unTheir First Home ligion's sake. No one can

638 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

tell the story, as time and fate have "No."As I stood by the wagon gers, trials and privations of piorecorded it. tongue, conversing with the man, neer life. No other has, or can

a little girl walked up on the opever take her place.

V/fY parents, and I was with posite side of the tongue and from *- -*- in a blue looked sunbonnet under days 128 them, consumed at her. Jersey, at I lookedthe me, and I was A Pioneer Honeymoon journey my from New

place of birth, to the Salt Lake thrilled with her beautiful brown A T the time of our marriage we valley. The distance can now be eyes and could not forget them. ** had no home and no money

covered with ease in less When we with which to buy one. We needthan one day. Our pireached ithe ed furniture to begin housekeeponeering began upon our St. George ing, and Salt Lake City was the

arrival, and continued valley nearest place where these necessiduring the entire life of there were ties could be obtained. We raised

my parents and the greatbut two peaches in Dixie, and the gold er part of my own life. wagons miners of Idaho and Montana

Our family were just camped were hungry for fruit; they wantcomfortably located at there, Wiled our peaches, and we wanted

Salt Lake City when at liam Fawtheir gold.

the October conference, cett and I hitched up my team of horses, father with1861, my dried filled the with wagon box go. Robert asked toothers, was over spread peaches, hay

into Southern Utah to them, then a mattress settle the country now upon which we made our known as Utah's Dixie. bed and started for Salt

My father immediately Lake. We found a ready

disposed of our home, lomarket for the dried cated where the Oregon peaches, bought the necShort Line depot now essary household furnishstands, bought two yoke a. W. loins and his Bride ings and returned home.

of oxen, a heavy prairie In storm or fine schooner, a light one horse wagon, Thompson had arweather we camped along and with this outfit we started for rived before us. We the way, the same road

Dixie. pitched our tents, we had traveled as chiland the following dren, and enjoyed the

HTHE journey was slow and tireday a number of trip. The following in-

* some, but so new and interestother teams arrived, among them cident illustrates the idea which ing that I greatly enjoyed it, and the people who had been camped many people entertained regarding the fates decreed that notwithnear us at Chicken Creek. I again the "Mormon"pioneers at the

standing the fact that I was only saw the little browneyed girl. time.

in my ninth year, my entire life She was the daughter of Erastus was to be influenced by the folSnow, the father of Utah's Dixie. HPHE day we reached Cedar City,

lowing simple and unexpected oc- I continued to see her until we * on our return, a heavy snow currence: had grown to man and womanhad fallen and the weather was

We were camped at Chicken hood when she became my wife. bitterly cold. We drove to the

Creek lake. A few wagons passed She is with me still, the same sweet hotel conducted by Bishop Henry

us and camped a little farther girl that she was at Chicken Creek. Lunt and secured accommodations

down the road. The following She has shared with me the danfor the night. The bishop was

morning a span of mules also postmaster and kept belonging to the party the stage station. The

ahead were grazing with coach was late because of our animals. I walked the storm, and we waited

down the road to the dinner for its arrival.

place where our neighWhen it rolled in, a sinbors were camped and gle passenger alighted, asked a man who was and walked into the sitpreparing a harness, if ting room. He was a

he had lost any mules? small man, wore a derby

He smiled and said, hat, a doeskin jacket which fit tightly, doeskin trousers and heavy Engselected Pres, loinsWhen this lish shoes. In his hand

his for in Mexico,spot home fashan old he carried place.it stony, barren a was

Every blade of grass, every ioned carpet bag which shrub and tree seen in the piche set down on the floor, ture planted The by him. was perand drew up a chair in his house built under was

sonal direction. front of the fire. Mrs.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 639

Lunt came in and said: He shook his head, and said, "\/f ANY tragedies came into our

"We have been waiting supper "Divil a bit of it. I wouldn't -* lives because of the determifor you, would you like to wash ride a step wid a 'Mormon'stage nation of these people to drive

before you eat?"driver, I'd rather walk iviry step the white invader from their coun-

"No,"he replied, "It's a warm of the way to Silver Reef first."try. Among these was the death

I want, not a wash."He left on the stage the followof J. M. Whitmore, father ol

After he had warmed himself ing morning, as unconverted as he George Whitmore, late of Nephi, he came into the dining room and came, still looking for a "Morand Robert Mclntire, brother of told us his name was Timothy mon."the late Samuel and William McQuirk, that he was just from collntire of Salt Lake City, who were

lege at Belfast, and on his way A FEW weeks later I met him killed at Pipe Springs, where they to Silver Reef to see his brother at Silver Reef and said, "Well, were engaged in ranching; the killMike. He had experienced many Tim, have you seen any 'Moring of the two Berry brothers,

adventures since leaving home. He mons'yet?"and the wife of one, who was

said: "Oh, go way,"he replied, as about to become a mother, at

"When I reached Salt Lake City he gave me a push, "the woods are Short Creek; the death of Frank-

I had not a cint in me pocket, full of them, and th're divilish lin B. Woolley, killed on the Moand I just went into a place where fine people. Why they have pigs, jave river, as he was returning

it said Deseret Telegraph over the and coos, and chickens just as we from California with supplies for door, and wrote on a piece of have at home."the people of St. George; the tragic

paper, 'Mike, I'm here and have Since the time referred to the death of the two Howland brothno money,'and begorra it wasn't girl with brown eyes and I have ers and Dunn, three members of two hours till the money was driven over the old trail in our Major Powell's party who first there from Silver Reef, and how own Packard car (paid for) and passed through the Grand Canyon the divil they did it I can't tell. paid our respects to the old campof the Colorado. All of these peoAnd during those two hours I ing places, thankful that we were ple, and others, were killed by

walked the streets of Salt Lake not obliged to sleep in a covered Indians.

about in the hope that I might wagon. There were other dangers besides instance, thesee a told 'Mormon.'They me Indians—for the entered pioneers When the of death his wife Davidson, James divil livedthey there, but a one as Utah's territory known now thirst and son, from who perished I see."could inhospitit a barren, Dixie, was a road on with they were which "I to then whispered me: He the west, great the of part able familiar, not desert bethe on that afterwards they outfound the Ute, the of ground hunting St. tween George the and Muddy all the palshut up inhad them and when Navajo, and Pahute valley. related family This wasace. the white man people these saw to late the Farnsworth. L. H. "When your brother Mike come, with our covered wagons

indisclothing Food and were he tellwrote you anyyou did herds our flocks and plows, and pensable, and these could be obbishops?"thing civilizaabout 'Mormon'their grass, eat and our to

I asked. tion to frighten away the game tained from cultivation of the soil and flocks our from herds. and naturally they abounded, replied, which did,"he "Sure he "and gave us food They to with which Eterresented tell our encroachment. didn't anything goodhe me bodies, our clothing with safesustain of price the vigilance nal was either."about them to cover which them. flocks Our never then even were ty we and said, I "the gentleman "Well,"herds, therefore, and became our

safe. are talking, theto proyou whom cherished most possession, like and

prietor of the hotel is a 'Mormon'Israel of old we became a pastoral bishop. This young lady, the people. Little attention could be

telegraph operator, is his daughter, given to the professions and other she is a 'Mormon;'this lady is my occupations by which men now

wife, she is a 'Mormon,'and I am accumulate wealth.

a 'Mormon'."He stared at me

for a moment, then slapping his AMONG the first acts of a piohands on his knees laughed as neer colony was the establishthough his sides would split. ment of a place of worship, and

"Do you think you can come that a public school.

over me now?"he said. "Do you Our principal medium of credit

think I'm as aisy as that? Do and exchange was produce. Money

you think I'd schlape in the house was rarely seen, as the following of a 'Mormon'bishop? I'd rather incident will show:

go out and schlape in the snow We decided to establish a cotton first."factory, for the purpose of provid-

"How did you get along with ing the cloth, so indispensable for the stage driver?"I asked. clothing. A train of teams was

"Fine,"he replied. "He's a fine assembled to bring the machinery

fellow, is the stage driver."from Salt Lake. I drove a team

"He is a 'Mormon'too,"I said. of horses, while Sam Allen drove

640 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

just behind me with a team of wagon box was removed to serve farther on we found Jim sitting by mules. The second day out Sam as bed room. the creek washing a bad looking

came up to my wagon and said: face.

the summer months, can your whip I borrow "Tone, TOURING matter, Jim?"one the "What's *** trips were to Salt made sentfor Dad's a few moments? asked. Lake, of the boys

nearest point supplies where these mules, no our out and withme replied nothin'"Oh, much,"could acquired. be the I During towhip, up."them want wake

a little "I just mistake Jim. made winter to the Caliroad months a "I blackhanded him new

all."in That's judgment. fornia could traveled be safety, in I just pursnake whip which had

chased, and he woke the mules up and we went there for merchanAfter the Civil War, the quesin great shape. He came up to the dise. The ethics of the road requirtion of slavery having been disside of my wagon and said: ed the team going down hill to give posed of, the congress turned its

"Tone, what'll you take for the road to the one coming up, attention to the abolition of polygthis whip?"or if one team was traveling empty amy. Under the administration

I told him I had just paid three the driver was expected to give of President U. S. Grant bills were

dollars for it, and if he needed it, the road to the loaded team. introduced in congress providing

he could have it for that price. He These [rules were not always for the suppression of plural marput his hand in his pocket and adhered to and as a consequence riage, which created no little conpulled out a handful of silver, we kept a good team and fighting cern among the members of the

looked at it a moment, and reachdriver in the lead. In local travel dominant Church.

ing out his hand said: to Pioche and other mining camps, I was working in the hayfield

"Here, take three dollars out Sanpete was the boss of the road. at the time, and on the opposite

of this. D if I know how They produced grain in Sanpete, side of the windrow worked a man

much money is, but I guess I could the boys drove fat horses and good whose name was Hans Jacobson.

tell by looking at it quite a while. wagons, while Dixie teams were Hans stopped, and leaning on his

I've got a hull lot of it here that not so well fed. What Dixie hayfork, said:

Dad gave me for expenses. I have lacked in other respects it made "Tony, is General Grant presito buy a hat and pair of shoes up in fighting spirit. J. H. was dent of the whole world?"

when we come to a store, and the our fighting leader. "No,"I replied, "he is president

rest's for expenses."of but a small portion of it."

a few teams going were AS down "I've He continued: been wonCircle Valley Canyon one dering on 'if there aint place some TOOK three dollars from his x

* hand and he put the balance occasion, Jim, some distance ahead, where we could go, where he back in his pocket. A few days met a boy coming up the road. wouldn't be president; this here

later we camped in the outskirts "Are you going to get out and polygamy question looks mighty of Beaver, and after the teams were give me the road,"demanded Jim. serious to me."

cared for Sam went up to the store "No,"replied the boy. "You

to buy a pair of shoes. He reare coming down, you should get T EXPLAINED to him that

turned looking very much trouout and give me the road."Mexico was but a short disbled. "If you don't get out and give tance to the south of us, and we

"What's the matter, Sam?"I me the road, I'll get down and take might go there.

it of out hide,"your said Jim.said. they have any "Didn't "I expect if that to we went

rest the of us came the As downshoes?"that country the Mexicos would

a after, minutes canyon few we after be "they had us just "Yes,"he replied, the same,"he reshoes, and they was just what I met the boy coming up. A little marked. I then proceeded to tell

wanted. I asked the man up there him something of the great nahow much they was, and he said tions of the Old World, and exthree dollars. I asked him how plained what a numerous people

much they was in greenbacks, and occupied Europe, over whom Preshe said three dollars. I asked him ident Grant exercised no jurisdichow much they was in silver. He tion.said three dollars. I guess the—We worked on a few minutes

fool thought I didn't know that when Hans again stopped and silver was worth more than greenleaned on his hayfork. He said:

backs.""Tony, it looks to me like the

I explained that there was no best thing we can do will be to go difference in the value of silver and to Europe, and get away from greenbacks. He returned to the General Grant, but I expect it

store and came back happy with would take us a d long time his new shoes. to get there with our scrub teams,

Our only means of transportawouldn't: it?"

tion was by team and wagon, or 'Yes, Hans,"I replied, it would on horseback. The covered wagon take a long time."I concluded

gave protection from the storms further explanation would be while we moved from place to fruitless.

place, and when at home the [Continued on page 672]

Greatness in Men you were called upon to seBy- those upon whom it is thrust great.IFlect a dozen great men from all There are many men of fortunate

the distinguished people of the BRYANT S. HINCKLEY fame who are not really great men.

past, place would you whom on President of Liberty Stake "V/T AY we say, however, that one hall pedestalsthe highest in your factors, indeciding an of the your fame?of be would What in one this LBERT factor, of dispensable HUBBARD in making selectingguide in these There men? -LjP his "Little this asks Journeys"attribute selection that be would be hesitancy aboutwould some no

is question: great the "Who soul the of which commonly we debate about long would—you proceeds say: "Listo and man?"as righteousness. designate our Inothers. Because canyou Why? * * * I tell ten will and you. He truly be conception a cannot mannot intangible the measure qualiis great inspires to others is who great good. not whoties character of stanmaterial by for is think themselves, great he are woand some men "Theredards. Neither metric the system mental pulls your of out you who are in company we whose men delicate scale thenor the of most

ruts, the of mire out of lifts you best, while at with our always theapothecary painstaknor most * * * is great the commonplace. He think mean cannot we them test accurateing laboratory and

writers, painters, poets, ungenerous or speak thoughts revealcan Still values. moral

scienpreachers we tophilosophers,whom and elevates presence words. Theirbelieve these are that qualities

fill little tists go, to each his own best us. nainspires All our andmeasurable. that hard and any Not

vase, tin dipper, calabash, cup, interis the out ture by drawnfast rule can laid be by down stein, pitcher, bucket, amphora, in find our music course and we is thiswhich can you say man great and this one is not, but there tub, barrel or cask."souls that never was there before."

are definite types of manhood In "Twelfth Night"Shake- (Dr. Drummond)

which no one can seriously mutispeare says: "Some men are born Contact with great souls is the

late and be classed among those great, some achieve greatness, and contagion the world most needs.

of enduring greatness. some have greatness thrust upon An inwardly triumphant and vicThis brings us squarely to the them."torious personality is the supreme

issue. Here are two definitions: Hubachievement. Back of all enduring

quality greatness is that his definition limits human to men What is human greatness? bard

the symbolized influence. word service. by of great personal ShakeWhat are its types? speare's definition has become comWhat is the explanation? monplace. The third statement, HTHERE is no pursuit more fasThese are common questions, "some have greatness thrust upon cinating than the stdy of

easy to ask but difficult to answer. them,"is true but it does not make greatness in men and certainly none

642 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

more fundamentally important. sible, some standards by which to in all that gives a moral quality

The discovery and development of guage the capacity of men so that to character and conduct; the secgreat men is incomparably greater one might discriminate between ond includes reason and imaginathan the discovery and developthose who may be only impressive tion with whatever acts in the

ment of gold mines or anything and extraordinary and those who mind toward the operation of else in the realm of the material are essentially great? both; in the third we place such

unless it in turn contributes to this forces of feeling and volition as very end. Growth in character COMETIMES the commendable energize human action by ardors

is the objective of all social and ** and the contemptible, the noble and enthusiasms, by possessions individual effort. Men who idealand the ignoble, are so mixed that and desires, by resolutions and

ize democracy are, after all, hero the bad neutralizes the good in will."The person who is conworshipers, and they ought to. be a way to render a man altogether spicuously deficient in any of these

not that they fawn and pay servile admirable in some respects and tothree essentials cannot qualify in homage to men, but rather because tally unworthy in other respects. the class of the really great.

they feel a generous pride that hu- A man may be impressively large reflection will showman faculties and forces can be of scale, both morally and im- A LITTLE raised to such noble heights, pride morally, and his place among the * clearly that the factors which in the demonstration that man has notables of the world will depend rate highest are the moral and inin him sublime possibilities, that entirely upon the accent given to tellectual, the factors of energy are his spirit touched with the power the moral side. Mankind enjoys only important as servants of the

of genius can rise to such great a diversity of gifts and endowothers. One may be great in inaltitudes. ments. One may be exceptionally tellect, great in dynamic energy and

still fall far really of short being is if there greatbut not endowed Carlyle written has Thomas great. be actuated must One by is ness in the there endowment no this inspiringly great aboutmost

large unselfish his and motives, it its magic can which by make ideal sanctified atheme. held He

great be powers must to devoted great. possessor

isof maintaining that he man, objectives. ends he which The visiblea revelation of God. his He J. stimulating in Larned N. seeks the the have must approval of

issaid: in but "There one in Temple Greatness of book, "Study public conscience to contribute and

isthe Universe that the and body considered thoughtfully has Men"the good. common

is thisof typical of man,"and this formulated question some and character of the The and man said. that he defacemuch principles of Any judgment which by the forces achis motivate which ideal called his of as forth,ment the between to comparisons make tions must into be taken consideraelsenothing could, torrents the of lays of heroes mankind. He down tion in class determining the tohis scorn. wrath and matchWith standards following the which by which he belongs. three These less eloquence sincerity preached he to the of men: measure worth conditions are needful in the makgenuineness.and said again He ) ethical or moral ( The 1 ing of great men:* "Sincerity, again,and a deep, great

(2) The rational or purely in- 1. Great Endowments firstsincerity is the characteristic of

tellectual 2. Great opportunity for the heroic."all men in any way

(3) The dynamic or energetic exercise and demonstration 'T'HE fierceness with which he asand proceeds to say: of these endowments

sails all forms of sham and "The first of these groups takes 3. inGreatthe usemotivesof theandendowmentspurposes stirspretense delights and one. In

all this Carlyle is great, incomparso that they are not wasted ably great, but, strange to say, on trifling or vicious things when he selects the men who seem to challenge his admiration most '"THERE is no mysterious process the qualities about which he disby which a pigmy can be courses so eloquently are not altransformed into a giant. Men of

together predominant in them. He inferior capacity do not do things

seems to applaud unduly the of the first magnitude. Large en-

"rough and dictatorial energy so dowments are prerequisite to large much adored by the mob."He achievements. A field rifle cannot

loves most of all the dictators, the cover the range of the higher powhard fighters, the rough and physered guns, it hasn't the capacity.

ically courageous. He displays less The really great man must be moradmiration for the men distinally great, intellectually superior

guished for the quieter but, after and possessing the dynamic energy all, more farreaching forces. necessary to carry forward successIf a man of Carlyle's genius fully great enterprises.

and capacity seems to err in the Referring briefly to the second selection of men who might be enof these—the opportunity to demis postitled to a place among those of onstrate one's ability—it

recognized greatness, how about sible that many men of potential the rest of us? Would it not be powers are never discovered. Peradvantageous to establish, if pos- [Continued on page 672]

e

is no ordibe condemned to come into this illegitiof a handicap the Gospel under world connected withnance Law of tight the child has greater importEvery macy. Christ ofof Jesus

ance, of more solemn and sacred to be well born! Every individual

nature, and more necessary to the who denies them that right iseternal joy of man, than, marriage. Chastity guilty of a mortal sin.

Yet there is no principle which has By The importance of these mortal been made the butt of coarser tabernjacles is apparent from the jokes, a greater jest by the vulgar JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH knowledge we have of eternal life.

unclean, the and even by manyand refined, themselves think than of the Council of the Twelve Spiritswithout cannotthe bodybe madeof flehperfectandwho that of marriage. bones. This body and its spirit

Marriage is a principle which, Let virtue garnish thy thoughts unare brought to immortality and when entered, presents more sericeasingly; then shall thy countenance blessings of salvation through the

ous problems than any other. It wax strong in the presence of God; resurrection. After the resurrecshould be received in the spirit of anddistiltheupondoctrinethy soulof theas priesthoodthe dews fromshall tion there can be no separationpatience and love, even that greater heaven.—D. C. 121:45. again, body and spirit become inlove which comes through the separably connected that man may

power of the Holy Spirit. Nothing receive a fulness of joy. In no

into glory for birth prepare will mankind than other other way, civil contract. nation a than No readily can as resurrection, ofin the life the kingdom God this and printhis of abuse the survive can eternal faithfulness the marriage likeas to our spirits become

ciple. Greece, Babylon, Rome,

this covenant,covenant. Through Father. nations other and Egypt, many other, any than weperhaps more breakto the their downfall owe perfect decree of theaccomplish is of the God kingdom of sacred the marcovenant of ing CINCE this will, covenantthe Divine but of foundation the built riage. upon a just of anger God The

is of required one of only many the famof the unity their marriage and for against them kindled was the of will to seeks do whoman satisthere circle, be no can ily dead of bones immorality. The Father.the is circle family the faction where conthis on, civilizations American

TF properly received this covenant tinent bear silent but convincing broken. Every soul is entitled to

becomes the means of the greatevidence that it was unchastity and the right to come into this world est happiness. The greatest honor the disregard of this sacred covein a legitimate way—in the way

in this life, and in the life to come, nant which brought them to their the Father has willed that souls honor, dominion and power in final judgment. should come. Whosoever takes a

perfect love, are the blessings which course contrary to this is guilty come out of it. These blessings VTOTHING should be held in of an almost irreparable crime. Is

of eternal glory are held in reserve - greater sacredness and honor there any wonder, then, that the for those who are willing to abide than; the covenant by which the Lord places the violation of this

the loss in this and all other covenants of spirits of men—the offspring of covenant of marriage and

as second only to the the Gospel. Others shall not be God in the spirit—are privileged of virtue,

so blessed. Marriage is the grandto come into this world in mortal shedding of innocent blood? Is

est, most glorious and most exalttabernacles. It is through this there n;ot, then, sufficient reason

ing principle connected with the principle that the blessing of imfor the severity of the punishment

Gospel. It is that which the Lord mortal glory is made possible. The which has been promised to those

holds in reserve for those who begreatest punishment ever given was who violate this eternal law?

come his sons and daughters; all proclaimed against Lucifer and his Moreover, have we not forgotten

others are servants only, even if angels. To be denied the privin large measure the enormity of

they gain salvation. They do not ilege of mortal bodies forever is the crime of unchastity, and breakbecome members of the household the greatest curse of all. These ing of marriage vows? Do those

of our Father and our God if they spirits can have no progress, no who are guilty think the enormity refuse to receive the celestial covehope of resurrection and eternal of the offense of maliciously or nant of marriage. life! Doomed are they to eternal wickedly tampering with the laws

The abuse of this ordinance has misery for their rebellion! And of life, will be overlooked by a

been the primary cause of the then to think that we are not only just God? Do they think that

downfall of nations. When the privileged, but commanded to asonly a few stripes, if any punjishsacredness of the marriage covenant sist our Father in the great work ment at all, will amend this brokis lost, and the vows are broken, of redemption by giving to his en law? The demand for perdestruction is inevitable. This children, as we have obtained these sonal purity is made by the Church

principle cannot be received in the blessings for ourselves, the right to upon both men and women, equalspirit of contempt and indifference. live and continue on even, to perly. There is no double standard

It is ordained to be more, far more, fection! No innocent soul should of judgment. "If purity of life

644 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

is neglected,"President Joseph F. Young, "keep his commandments no hesitancy in saying that I believe that

Smith once said, "all other danand do his will, and you will be is one of the greatest crimes of the world today, this evil practice. Relief Society gers set in, rivers us like the upon a virtuous person."wonHow Magazine, 4:314. of water the are gates flood when derful is the the joy peace and

opened."is Sexual fills, a impurity the which soul of the virtuous people young marry and TJ[7HEN sin. deadly most it Anciently was person! terrible are torthe How fulfill refuse this to W comconsidered so, according the and to ments of the unvirtuous! They given in the mandment beginning of law those God, guilty shall were who first have place resin no the the of just as much in world—and were of to being danger put urrection. final the judgWhen in force rob themdeath. sins today—they are death, There unto ment are comes they they who selves greatest of the eternal blessis us, this informs one John and "filthy remain still."canThey ing. If the of love the world and

: of Said them John enter not the City, are they Holy the practices of the wicked world the "dogs, sorcerers, and and If see his sin any sin brother a man to a more mean and a man woman

is murderers, ivhtch shall whoremongers, death, ask, not and unto he and to than keep the of commandment life shall give sin he for that him them idolaters, lovand whosoever and the in respect, this Lord then they not unto is death. sin Thece a death unto lie,"eth a and are maketh who I it. not shall that say do he for off pray shut themselves eterthe from

out. i-. cast All unrighteousness nal blessing increase. of Those a sin not unto death.—Iis Johnsin: and5:1617.there wilfully maliciously deand President Young further said who

the Murder, shedding of innothis to break important comdefiler is the of one sign the innocent The cent blood, is a sin unto death, shall be mandment damned. They should be and branded with infamy and who

Alma taught Corianton that uncast out from respectable society, and cannot have the spirit of the Lord.

disas a pest, or, as a contagious chastity second rule was is the today. Small families only to murshunnedease, is shunned. doors of respectable The are his words: der. These refuse to take and wives families closed against should be him, and Husbands

he all should be responsibilithe themselves frowned upon highupon by son, not, ye these that things Know my virtuous persons. and inWealth, life. ties of family of them are in Many the minded sight an the of abomination fluence position and screen not should him yea, all sins abominable Lord; most above care to be bothered not with do their righteous from sin indignation. His

it be the save shedding of innocent blood children. this Yet commandment blackest calendar in the the of of is one the denying or Holy 39:5.

cast Ghost?—Alma crime, he should be from and down to given has never been Adam

the pinnacle respectability high of and reset aside. or If we place his to find F. consideration, the abrogated among JOSEPHDRESIDENT the covenants we fuse to live by -Discourses, worst of felons.- p. 300. on this SMITH commenting

teaching has given us this instrucmake, especially in the house of tion: "VWHEN man was first placed upthe Lord, then we cannot receive

on this earth he was given the blessings of those covenants in without reservation or We accept qualithe commandment to "be fruitful eternity. If the responsibilities of

fication the affirmation of Deity, through an ancient Nephite Prophet: For I, the and multiply."No more important parenthood are wilfully avoided

Lord God, delight in the chastity of commandment was ever given to here, then how can the Lord bewomen. And whoredoms are an abomman, for, through honorable marstow upon the guilty the blessings

before saith thus me: the cf Lord be, It riage are increase? the spirits cannot of eternal brought to 2:28. inationHosts.—Jacob blessearth. such be denied they shall "There are multitudes of and is that sexual sin second only We hold

to the shedding of innocent blood in the pure and holy spirits waiting to ings.

category of personal crimes; that and the take tabernacles; is our now what adulterer shall I, the saith Lord, that have part in exaltathe have no Who am duty?"said President Young. * * * tion of the blessed. fulfilled? not have and promised

He that looketh on a woman to lust Then he answered his question I command and men obey not; I reher, after blessing. shall receive or not the they if any and adultery commit tabernacles for voke prepare thus: "To

is in their hearts, hearts: they shall in their say This they the not have Then take a course that will them; to Spirit, shall his but the faith. Lord, the of for the promdeny not work -Improvement Eta 20:738. not tend to drive those spirits into ises are not fulfilled. But wo unto such.

We are not here to practice immorality the families of the wicked, where for their reward lurketh beneath, and not of any kind. all things, sexual Above they will be trained in wickedness, from above. Doc. S Cov. 58:3133.

immorality sight is most heinous in the species of every debauchery, and is It of itself, God. a par on with murder is to rapidly world coming The is It every crime. of the and duty fixed Almighty the God of penalty

its the the end, that is, end of days the death. at murderer sheddeth Whoso preto righteous and man woman

is it fully wickedness. of blood, shall his man's blood be by When man all spirits tabernacles for pare the

shed. Furthermore, he said that whosowill the ripe in iniquity come Lord Discourses can."456. they ever adultery committeth to be should put in to of take heaven clouds the death. Therefore, raise voices the our Instructing of we the mothers

against sexual immorality, and against all Church, President Joseph F. Smith vengeance on the ungodly, for his

manner of obscenity. Gospel Doctrine, against is kindled them. Do said in June, 1917: wrath p. 291. his that he delayeth not think

I regret, I think it is a crying evil, that coming. Many of the signs of his BRIGHAMPRESIDENT so exist given, feeling been there a a sentiment have or should coming we

also was very em-* YOUNG curto the of any Church members among if will, the that may, we know tail I in children. their the birth ofphatic his think this denunciation of

is at doors. even our day now is it that a occurs, crime wherever whereevil, I feel that and be cannot we

it pass, shall to because of in come are wife husband possession and of And it.too in emphatic It denouncing I will the the that of world, wickedness free health vigor are and and imfrom

is very prevalent and a universal purities that would be entailed upon their take vengeance upon the wicked, for they evil. The world is fast coming to posterity. I believe that where people will not repent; for the cup of mine inits destruction because of it. "Learn ofundertaketheir childrento curtailthator theypreventare thegoingbirthto shalldignationnot cleanseis full;themfor ifbehold,they hearmymebloodnot.

the will of God,"said President reap disappointment by and by. I have—Doc. Cov. 29:17.

Facing, Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

VIII

What is Success?

"The Lord sure made a Success phasis upon mere material sueof this job."cess r

"Does a man have to make a lot a considered to be of money success? chief crithe Is wealthTHISby aobservationtourist on wasthe northmade

rim of the Grand Canyon of terion of achievement?"

the Yellowstone while I was pon- "Isn't the Fear of the Lord the dering an introduction to this arsum total of life?"

ticle under the inspiration of one "What is a man profited, if he of the most beautiful scenes in the shall gain the whole world and world. No one can stand in adlose his own soul?"almost say that there are different

this the glories of "Don't two at the great commandmiration differdegrees of success—almost agreeing say that ments a man's without full duty chasmwonder or ent kinds. Some one quality

with the tourist, "Here is Success."is to love God and his fellowperformance of a person may be man? so outstanding as to stamp that It is a heartening expression.

all "Isn't the root of money it. successful. notable would likes as person One MenEverybody

evil?"performances. a lifetime balance their achievement it said of mayhave "If I live a rear and in honor pursuit, its fancy. in in lifetime popular a of mediocrity spendWe creditable family to attend and at is it degree inevitable that too, in that some Then,hopeful

religious duties, haven't it. estimates will achieve I done people vary in their And myleast we may is expected what of me?"It success. terms. elusive constitutes it of those as to what is oneyet

These, other such and questions, is to be likely of quite scope the most beyond seem weEven when full are interest. of indicate They all it it, vanish- a to reasonable be hope have menapproaching may

effort to an solve the riddle mistaken a standard. a of accept guise of the common Anding under

life. reflect of a system They after yet, allowhaving duevalue. made

teaching born out of wholesome, ance for those heroic, epochmak- shall be pioneering experience. ing, single achievements which alWHETHER or not we

able to make clear just what ways must carry an echo of suc-

I find and you ournow AND genuinely I it cess, is, inclined will for to be submit,Success am ** selves challenged the with to attempt to through, your to turning the you thought whileworth question, is all, after "What, Sucit. of concept balance, that for an even your out making ownwork cess?"I just I that wish might unto a all article wellrounded you thisIf prompts of development

listen in reflections your on before is potentialities, be to worth the task that man's keydertake it may

I to set attempt down my own search the success you significant of though kind eventhe reading most convictions. since that can't But be years the race to the as a through answerfor your whole and to you

let's done, put the best obdown blessed is a lifetime. project and our tomoras weof your me servations that suggest themselves, chalrows. to faceexperience reality—toIt feeling certain all that is said when

life query, the "Whatlenge with and done can perhaps we only is ItIs All HHHOUGHT About?"

start tantalizing—just train a of A thought which I risked have writing when already readers have That many will someone fully day some amthe above generalization, down

is re- a question such overturned plify us. for shades of Edison Napoleon—of that have they fact in theflected the outset shall to At have we of Lindbergh, a and of hundred since letters beginning the insent general observations. make some others of near genius variety darkarticles in series which this ofof first place the In like terms, most en give to lie page the to my my observation the have madethey Success, relatively. are used generalization. They overlooking were perhapsthat we are subtle too complex be I and to so shall Even give you my life. in values ultimate the ofsome absolute clearcut recipe with made success. for bounIf feel you the letters given these all can be ofNot lines dary of meaning. the In genius, urge of disregard recipe the this article in ofconsideration an use of such carve words be and we success must your of out some queries outstanding thelength, but content a certain with or notable "more performance.

setting hintedcan be by down lessness"rather than "eitheran us For of most success lie will extracts:typical

is orness."Success largely such a richly in fullest the realization

"Don't you place too much emcomprehensive term. One might of our capabilities in one or more

646 The Improvement Era for September, 1931 is so beauof a social order—to have beenof—hethewillfollowingbe greatestfive whoachievementsachieves themengreatestand women.achievementIt possible to been protected against the dangers

most in all five fields: tifully a joint attainment. When made free to enjoy all that a rich

death sounds his summons, parents land can hold in store for you?

I. WORTHY WORK. A job may leave behind them many Can you imagine what your life

well done. Such a piece of work things: wealth, lands, writing, pomight be if there had never, touched

to do that we can enjoy the doing sitions held in honor, scientific it the enriching forces of t\he that out of it we canof it—and leave a School? picture yourself you Can contributions—they canearn livelihood-—-that a we great variety all of illiterate? the to eyes Shut your heritages—butmay those dependent usbring upon up pale insignificance into of them life. reading that blessed has your

so that they may enjoy the major when compared with a group of privileges of life. Our work will boys and girls grown into manOr can you realize the mellowbe most satisfying and therefore hood and womanhood to add lustre ing influence of the Church? What

lend itself most to success if to a name already bequeathed to has been the effect of the urge to through it we are permitted to them in honor. And what of Christian kindliness and to sanctibring joy to others than ourselves. lands and gold if attendant upon ty of life? Deny to childhood the

I trust that this is not laying their winning come trailing one's beauty and reverence of worship?

too sordid a foundation in materiown offspring, one's own very An emptiness akin to the banishality. Life is complex, but its flesh and blood, in disrespect or ment of Santa Claus!

basis is physical. We must eat otherwise out of neglected nurture?

to survive, and we must pay for To watch one's own come into AND if these institutions have our food. WORTHY WORK the full stature of manhood and ** thus protected, enriched and

has ever been the primal injuncwomanhood in their richness and expanded our lives, Success must tion. Out across the gates of Eden worthiness of maturity is heaven involve our giving back to civilizaechoed the admonition: upon earth. tion some little championing of

"By the sweat of thy brow."III. THE DISCHARGE OF theseful mangreatdischargesagencies.a civicTheresponsisuccess-

RESPONSIINSTITUTIONAL be parasitic. never builds can his buildwhereOUCCESS

BILTY. All of us are of richly the bility—heing blesses * It rests a platform others upon in keeping with

performance. Even the gifted few, beneficiaries of civilization. Out the benediction which still others

to whom reference has already across the ages our progenitors have brought to him. No man

been made, were tremendous workhave taken out with Time insuris successful to himself alone. Sucers. If you and I find any measance policies in our favor. We are cess is essentially social.

ure of success, it will likely be heirs of all that has ever been done.doled out to us in keeping with The riches of the world's thought IV. THE CONFIDENCE

our own measure of honest toil. are wrapped about us as We are AND GOODWILL OF WORcradled into mortality. What the THY MEN AND WOMEN—

II. A HAPPY AND HONORhome has done and still does for AS AN ASSURANCE OF THE

ABLE HOME. Along with that us has already been hinted. But APPROVAL OF GOD.

the labor to orderprimeval outside the went builded are home we instituhas said been of What reto agencies injunction great multiply and three too. other The

is tions equally true of persons. great earth. the plenish School, State, That are The The The are of part another. one We lifebridge has between and Godhood your Church. Think how I still Brother's Keeper""Am Myall the as in benefactions the summarizedmanhood, enriched been by echoes life. the lanes down We is is built It upinstitutions. three of those Commandments, Ten

are companFELLOW-MEN—of to it, Father appreciate the of cement to isn't honor fullyon hard,

and Mother. what it means to have been born ions on the way.

The home is the great haven in a land of freedom—to have "Greatness lies not in being strong, but

of happiness. All else seems cold in the right use of strength, and strength

is not rightly used it serves when only if the thought of home empty and to carry his above fellows for a man his Certainly thereto. isn't coupled solitary glory, is own greatest the He

the glory of motherhood is chilwhose strength carries up the most hearts dren as they are the honor of faby the attraction of his own."—Bryant.

therhood. Think of a factory

or a five acre farm wonderfully 'THE really successful man so operated as compared with five conducts himself that his felfine sons to do honor to a father's lows love to honor him. They

name. bless his name. They reach out

in kindliness toward him. The

given that it is not successful mindful one eye with man works T AM * rear to all to of his fellows. on the welfare men and women He

families. To them Success lies so acts that the echo of his own

in other honorable pursuits. But life is a reflection of the kindness

this must be a general recipe. And which he has manifested. The

for mankind generally, what sucbeauty of this aspect of success is cess can compare with a worthy that it can be cultivated by the family? Personally, I regard it as [Continued on page 686]

eMan Gains Dominion Over the Earth

By Dr. THOMAS L. MARTIN

Agronomist B. Y. U.

quantismall water, safety the of with city of Germany, Munich, years found haveRECENT into aquarium ties are an has of pumped population 800,000, her to control attempting man

If fish kept. are for where laboratory a unique method out worked situation in sanitary our the

the control of sewage. This city the fish live it is assumed that the

big cities. It has been known that has not only solved the problem water is safe to pass into the river.

the wastes of man were responsible but it has also made it into a profitIf the fish die then further dilution for many of the plagues and able business enterprise. of the sewage water must take

scourges of the past. How to conplace.

trol these wastes has directed the attention of man for many years. "CIVE years ago a 50 acre piece The water that passes into the

In some of our American cities of land was acquired by the river is readily made safe by the sewage has been allowed to run city. Settling tanks, intake canals, dilutions brought about by the

into streams or lakes or some other gas collecting apparatus, ponds for river water, the settling out prothe utilization of cess, rapid the built. fish raising were and duck If was the stream of water.body

the bacteria, and water organic by is colthese the sewage Through there size was thatof sufficient not such a concentration of sewage lected and turned in;to a source of the germicidal effect of the sun.

that it would become a nuisance, income instead of an aggravated settles nuisance. organic matter which HPHE all right. townsthat Some was

of * to the tanks, the bottom Sewage water from the city of water into sewage the runhave channels which were dry part of Munich comes into the sewage decomposes at a rapid rate. Cement

the year. Odors have developed plant in a canal about twelve feet covers have been built over the

which were objectionable. Somewide and six feet deep, at a rate receptacles anjd the gas which actimes coagulants such as lime, alum of 100 to 200 cubic feet 1.per seccumulated due to decomposition, is collected into pipes and conveyedand other compounds, to clear the ond—about the flow of the Strawsewage, have been used. Attempts berry Project canal at Spanish to a gas mixing plant. There,

it is mixed with coal gas and andhave been made to allow the sewFork, Utah—in times of dry

age to flow through septic tanks; weather, and at a rate of 350 to air until a very desirable combinathat is, tanks which permit bac700 cubic feet per second, during tion of gas for illumination and

is about cooking purposes is formed. This terial activity to bring into soluthe rainy seasons—that

tion the solid organic materials. as much water as ordinarily flows is then sold to the citizens of MuIt has been run through different in Jordan river. It passes through nich. The sewage gas is about

kinds of filter beds. It has been a coarse iron screen and a coarse twice as valuable for illumination

run on to large tracts of land and sand filter. From there this sewand cooking purposes as ordinary

used as a fertilizer. All of these age water flows into a series of coal gas is.

methods have been and are being settling tanks about 40 feet deep. Much of the water which flows

used to control the great streams In an hour 80% of the solid matfrom this sewage plant is mixed of human waste which leave our ter settles to the bottom, and the with river water at a rate of four great cities. These methods have clear water, if it is considered safe, parts river water to one part sewage

much to recommend them but the runs into the river. To test the [Continued on page 688]

..,,.7 Obyjii| tj*e Wmd of Wtedoa #Mfa&L tower*.

&J) 9cQ)

By Their 'Byltieir Fruits Fruits Ye Shall RESULTS OF THE Ye Shall

Knew I'fomWORD**? ItttmtiitmftlOF SW,&w*WJSBOM *; $*2 Know

Them* j M 1.900 Pofwtaioa '-JS 1 &

Btwree,h*i*sjwKMtflBltBlaBjmi****) * s

Deaths"Cancerirons BeatiisfeiB Disease* Divorcee Death toif?

JCwrar: Bca* *f.'Herww* 4feni*M.|W>K,:Si '

I Mso EKiMH*

'vttxne, ttwmi '. "J'as?: jMbateHMMCprlMt! J Ed!

,'Stej fiwlc Bo &"*} -*.*

'arrata:. fcinfc*'.

pl: -asff *

of Wisdom Exhibit Word By GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, JR.

of the most effective Quite wisely, therefore, this efexplaining the information thereONEsteps ever taken for a long fort was made to let the truth be available, and in distributing litertime to combat the evils known about the actual effects of ature to the eager readers.

against which the Word of Wisthese things, against which the It is estimated that over forty dom warns, was the public exLatter-day Saints have divine thousand visitors saw the exhibit, hibition conducted by the Mutual warning. and the amount of good that was

done to them, through and them AssociationsImprovement the of exhibit conductwas A SMALL is to others, incalculable. OriginalincidentalChurch to the June * in Dresden, Church ed by the ly to intended for the one run week this of year.Convention

in connection Germany, with a display the prolonged to meet was spacious building, east fair there, this on the is the world but A desires the of wished many whoside of first between Main Street, South time that a of Word Wisdom see it. toTemple and First South Streets, Exhibit, conducted entirely as

was used for the display, which such, has been held. It was a CPLENDID and helpful cooperawas open from June 9th to 22nd, display of charts, poster and pamtion was obtained by the cominclusive. phlet literature, pictures, models, mittee in charge from educational

The purpose of the undertaking apparatus for conducting chemical, institutions, and from commercial was, obviously, to teach the Word physiological or mental tests, movhouses, as well as from individuals, of Wisdom; and in a very effective ing pictures, findings and exhortawho loaned or donated equipment,

way. Those who are commercialtions of leading men and women apparatus or display material, as

ly interested in the sale and disin all fields, and every conceivable well as making available valuable tribution of tobacco, tea, coffee, or means of putting over the message information for this campaign for any such products have conducted of mental, physical and spiritual temperance and abstinence. Near

a publicity and sales campaign health. uponand distantto makesourcesthe exhibitwere drawncom-

a after masterpiece conduct the exhibit,which has been of To pletely effective. pictures Moving

alladvertising. the orpreliminary have They made their work of faroff were imported Gerfrom

wares look so attractive and appeganization and preparation, a many, which told their tale about tizing by means of poster, radio corps of willing, intelligent, volthe harmful effects of nicotine, aland press, that the countercam- unteer workers, in groups of twencohol and caffein upon the effipaign conducted by this and other tyfive gave an average of six hours ciency of body and mind.

organizations, largely from the each day spent in meeting the vis- A number of devices were in pulpit, has been minimized in efitors, showing them around the use to conduct experiments on and fectiveness. exhibits, conducting experiments, for the visitors which show how

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 649

mental and physical efficiency can off 1503 men and women every hibit displayed posters telling the be measured, and the effects of eight days in the year.""Alcoglad message that Latterday

harmful habits upon ability. In holic drinks helped break up 9228 Saints'social statistics show fuladdition, hearttesting and other homes every year.""One in fillment of the Lord's promise that

physical efficiency measures were every three husbands divorced for obedience to the laws of better available to the many, who were cruelty was intemperate.""One living will be rewarded by greater

astounded when they learned the adult death from alcohol every vitality, and longevity:

truth about themselves. And that, eight minutes"(Preprohibition Deaths from diseases of nervous

might it be said in pas-.: i system: (per 100,000)

sing, was the intent of Six Nations L. D. S

the exhibit, that people 123 52 might indeed learn the truth about themselves, from cancer:

and their environmen119 47 tal influences of which from tuberculosis:

the Word of Wisdom 120 9 indicates a few. from diseases of digestMany of the leaflets ive system:

and pamphlets which 73 56 were distributed from diseases of respiproved to be enorratory system:

mously popular, note167 105 worthy among them from diseases of circubeing a little page latory system:'

"How to Cure the 196 115 Cigaret Habit,"by Dr. Birthrate (per 1000):

D. H. Kress. Of these,

some 10,000 were giv- U.S. Utah L.D.S.

18.9 24.8 3(en out during the ex-—

hibit, of which about Startling Poster Display Marriage rate:

1000 were given to 10.6

people who affirmatively asked for fact in the U. S.). "Child Death Divorce rate:

the leaflet, indicating a real desire Rate Higher in Drinking Families: 15 Nations L. D. S.

to get hold of it and the fine plan Abstaining parents, 13%, Im46 14 it outlines. parents, large moderate drinking 32%."* A surprisingly Death rate: asked if some of visitors ininnumber pneumonia "Death rates

tobacco cure were available, and crease with alcoholic habits: Of U. S. Utah L. D.

indicated an honest desire to use abstainers sick, 18.5% died, of 11.4 9.1 7.5

that which was given them. moderate drinkers sick, 25 % died, These are just examples of the

of immoderate drinkers sick, interesting and valuable informa-

A GREAT number of most il52.8% died."tion, of which there was much

** luminating statistics were givThe above are excerpts from the more, about the Latterday Saint en out by means of posters and poster display, and contain inpeople. Such facts as these tell

leaflets; statistics which have been formation gleaned from the counno other story than that the kind

gathered by the Church itself, and try (some from foreign countries) of lives these people are living also by many worthy organizaat large. Another part of the exmore nearly accomplish the purtions, both pose for

religious and which life is secular, given, and which paint that is to the true picincrease, ture of the lengthen, imdesirable efprove and fects of temcontinue it.

perance and A NOTHabstinence **. thing ER abthe and which this

horrent conexhibit acsequences of complished, indulgence a excess. though and benefit not

"The Tidirectly detanic carried signed, was down 1503 - to show the people world that

Drink carries View of the Exhibit Hall [Cont. p. 673]

"Mormon Boy Crowned World's GreatestAthlete By LES say that "They those GOATES boys Mormon 'Aint got no style;

Got style all the while, Got style all the while."THAT oldtime chaunt, homely in constructionbutTfilled with the allconquering spirit of the pioneer athlete, has been heard all over the land, wherever Utah and her "Mormon"boys have gone into battle. The

tone of conviction which this ancient war cry carries has been sushome of Martin Mortentained in the heroic persen, Sr., Arizona Pioneer,,

formances of the young is a neat little trophy case men of the Beehive filled with medals, cups,

State and many have plaques and certificates, seen and believed in giving striking evidence of them. the prowess of this gifted

But it remained for young man who has just re- a Latterday Saint boy cently established a world's- from Thatcher, Arirecord for point scoring in zona, to attain the topwinning the allaround track most pinnacle of indiand field championships of vidual athletic perfecthe National Amateur Athtion, emblazoning his letic Union.

name across the sports sections of the American There are other awards daily newspapers with there. They show that Jesse

the same glaring freMortensen was a real jack of quency as that accorded all athletic trades at the UniBobby Jones, Helen versity of Southern California

Wills, William Tilden where he was A. A. U. chamII, Glenna Collett, and pion in the javelin throw, esall those other nationaltablishing a recordof 204.975

ly important amateur feet; that he was allPacific

sports luminaries in the Coast conference forward in heyday of their careers, basketball; winner of thefamous "Gimble"medal at

f ESSE MORTEN- U. S. C. for the finest display

J SEN, the athletic of sportsmanship by any prodigy of the decade; Trojan athlete; a twoyear

world's greatest allJess Mortensen letterman in football; threearound track and field Captain of the 1930 track team, year letterman in track and

performer and a modest University of Southern Calithree-year letterman in bas- "Mormon"boy! fornia. Holder of Trojan javelin ketball.

On the mantel in the record at 204.975 feet. But none of these prizes are-

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 651

more valuable to Mortensen than well, track,and field; Howard whose mark was recorded at 7,-

those he won at Gila College, the Jones, football and Jack Barry, 846.22.

little Latterday Saint institution basketball. Jesse was a natural The best performance set by

where his extraordinary talents athlete and with the advantage of Mortensen in the A. A. U. chamwere given their initial developthe finest coaching possible to obpionships came in the javelin,

ment under the tutelage of Ernest tain, it was inevitable that he which he wafted 198 feet. He

Shumway, formerly of the Brigshould reach the pinnacle. negotiated the 1 1 0-yard high hurham Young University athletic Mortensen's first attempt at dles in 15.6 seconds and ran 400

teams. At little Gila, young meters in 51.1 seconds. The ten

Mortensen played basketball for events were run off in a twoday four years, climaxing his preparameet.

tory career in this activity by his selection as all state forWM T'HE detail scoring of this ward in 1925. He turned Latterday Saint boy's

in three years of participation H stupendous performance folin track and field, taking part P lows seconds,in practically every event on 100 meters—11

the program in a most start904 points.ling exhibition of a oneman 400 meters—51.1 seconds,

track team. Then by way of 890.96 points.further demonstrating his 1500 meters—-4 minutes,versatility, Jesse played three mL 52.6, 665.20 points.

years of smashing tennis. 110yard high hurdles

15.6 seconds, 943 points.

feet, 3%HTHE recapitulation on the Broad jump—21

* performances of this pheinches, 756.17 points.

feet,nomenal performer as he left Shot put—44.01

Coach Shumway's squad 807.43 points.

feet, showed he had achieved High jump—5.71

four letters in basket748 points. ball, two in football, Discus throw—130.42

four in track and feet, 792.60 points.

three in tennis. That Pole vault—11.155, 703

he found time to HH points.

feet, study a little besides, Javelin throw—198

is evident from the 982.13 points. fact that he registered Grand total of Points—

very close to a straight "A"Jess Mortensen 8,193.29. grade in all his subjects. Right Half, University of Southern California Former world's record—

It was quite fitting that 1929 Football Team 8,053.29.

Mortensen as a student at the Mortensen is the second

University of Southern California, the decathlon, or allaround "Mormon"athlete to win the should seek the counsel of Eugene athletic championship, fell short national A. A. U. decathlon.

L. Roberts, director of the school of victory. Buster Charles, Alma Richards, mighty allaround

for coaches and physical directors the great Indian performer, won performer from Brigham Young in the great Los Angeles instituthe honor in 1930, but the gifted University and Cornell, proved tion. Coach Roberts, beloved young man from Gila had the himself the best man in the coundaddy of athletics at Brigham satisfaction of squaring his actry in these ten events the year

Young University, had coached count with the mighty Redthe championships were held in

Ernest Shumway when the Gila skin this year in the A. A. U. connection with the San Francisco

college mentor was winning honchampionships at Lincoln, Neb., exposition. This huge fellow

ors on the old B. Y. U. basketball July 3 and 4. In his great trifrom Utah's Dixie country had

of 192122. Since it was Shumumph Mortensen scored 8,193.29 a great chance to win again at

way who started Arizona's greatpoints, exceeding the present recNewark but struck a hurdle and est athlete on his way to fame, ognized world's record of 8,- lost all the points in this event.

naturally the guardianship was 053.29 set at the 1928 Olympic But ('even the igreat Richards,

passed on to the third "generaGames at Amsterdam by Paavo Olympic star and master of many tion."Coach Roberts had his new Yrjola of Finland. track specialties, could not compile

charge for two years as a major anything like the total of points student in physical education and "PHIS performance also eclipsed made by Mortensen this year. No

found him to be an outstanding -*- that of Kenneth Doherty, the doubt Richards excelled in the classman. former American record holder high jump, Jpole vault and the

But the actual coaching of Morwho scored 7,784.68 points and weight events, but on the track

tensen at U. S. C. devolved upon also the excellent figure set in the he probably would have had little

three of the greatest athletic diKansas Relays by Jim Bausch of chance with the Arizona rambler.

the Kansas City Athletic club [Continued on page 661] rectors in the land,—Dean Crom-

c WAGON DAYS

Photos by George Stokes Berryman

(Stokes Studio)

the fespressive Douglas which began Youth! Dream Fort contrast to this elaborate ODREAM, tivities, spectacle. remembering that governmanfully, nobly, dream

ment troops had once marched and your dream shall be city the to orders through with the Infantry 38th pOLLOWING prophet."your drive their them but from homes; a car a graybearing band was a sturdy years ago Eightyfour

felt they resenthave would no haired lady, of the one was who a dream dreamed of pioneersband since ment, part also first of them had white children in born Utah. wilder- a in city, foundedof a new served colors. the under Their her riders clad Behind in came the freepeace built and forness and amazement have would no picturesque costumes known of the Spantwen- July of worship. Ondom bounds if they could ish settlers, have watched the Indians, fur and their descendthis year,tyfourth,

the parade which featured the first traders. also were There a numbene- others andants who have celebraof the day ber real of Indians from celebrated industryfited by their tion. the reservation Cherokee the across journeythe historic

plains in the city which these At the head who took a prominent dreams realized. rode army officers part in the events of the

state city and of and detail every modern Nearly officials. Among or less comcelebration, morethe

monplace to this generation, would them was PresiAnthony W. the hardy dent to astonishing beenhave

Ivins, whose beauenvisioned they havesettlers could it as they swung their teams into tiful mount and the valley so long ago. The streets excellent horsemanship inspiredbright with flags bearing their much admirationnames, the aeroplanes circling over among the crowds.the city, the immense crowds gathin southern Utah, this have filled them would—allered to honor these first citizens, Himself a pioneer acquainted reverent awe, and and wonderwith

for hardships had made them humwith every phase ble. of frontier life, he

must have vividly 'T'HEY might have sensed a little remembered many * irony in the salute fired from tragic scenes in imfiillttfa

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 653

week. Directly after these came oxen on this occasion. There were they would have considered it more

three riders representing the adseveral oxteams in the parade and of a miracle than the coming of vance company which entered the also at the municipal airport on the seagulls or the success of their valley July 21st, and in the back the following day, where a strikfirst crops in a country where it was of a wagon following them rode ing contrast was presented between predicted corn would not mature.

a character portraying Brigham them and the planes drawn

Young, as, weakened by a fever, he ["RESPITE the terrific heat it is sat up in his bed and announced estimated that about 50,000 to the footsore travelers that they people viewed the parade, and a had reached their destination. large part of the crowd was

at the airport to wit- "REHIND their leader came dozness the ceremonies and ens of covered wagons and the flying exhibition on handcarts, many of them genuine the 25 th. General W.

relics of the trek across G. Williams was in

the plains. There were charge of the parade and

weatherbeaten< outfits was largely responsible drawn by oxteams, in for the smoothness which which rode calicoclad characterized this part of women churning or holdthe fete.

ing babies; and dilapi- A climax was reached in the

dated wagons, loaded threeday program when the pagwith tools, bedding and eant, "The Spirit of Progress"was furniture. Some had adpresented at the University of

ded realistic touches by Utah stadium Saturday night. Nocarrying chickens and where could such a drama have

dogs. Behind them been more effective than in that

walked others pulling open amphitheatre at the foot of handcarts; and in the the hills. By dusk most of the

recordbreaking heat of the scorchup not far away. 20,000 spectators had assembled

ing pavements, they must have It had taken the and at the opening scene nearly realized to the fullest extent what heavy, slowfooted every seat was taken.

the members of the early comThe pageant, directed by James panies had to bear. Many of the Cruze, who also directed the movwagons carried interesting legends ing picture, "The Covered

concerning their histories. One Wagon,"was divided into

bore the first ox shoeing outfit in oxen months to four parts. The first depictUtah, another held the bed which make the journey ed the red men, the Indian

belonged to general Wells. One from Illinois to idea being carried out effectgroup of covered wagons had Utah; while in less ively by characteristic music

traveled the entire distance from than nine days a and dances.

theseFillmore, bringing greetings from plane—not so different from

firstUtah's capitol. circled the globe. the completely episode portrayed next HTHE—had

Scores of colorful all their faith, early the floats were enthe pioneers, of and "coming With tered by various business firms, "bullwhackers"would scarcely was featured by stage coaches, clubs, and civic organizations. One have believed such a feat possible; covered wagons, handcarts, and

depicted the first school in Utah, and could they have seenseen the pony express riders, forming a cavits teacher and pupils being lineal "stunting"which followed the alcade which circled the stadium descendants of the original group. formal dedication of the airport, track. Pioneer dances on the stage

Others portrayed and on the lawn the progress "tfei added color to made by comthe scene which merce and science closed with the since 1847. Some dramatic picture

ofthemost of Brigham amusing were the Young and his old "horseless associates smokcarriages"furing the pipe of nished by some peace with the of the automoIndian braves.

bile dealers of the city. The third episode presented

Most of the the coming of the younger spectarailroad and the tors caught their driving of the first glimpses of [Cont. on page 670]

'Twas a LONG, LONG TRAIL By PATRICIA H. McMILLEN

SUDDEN, sharp and proceeded to suit action to thebang addedAa staccato note to the words.

popping of the engine. "The laddie has spoken? Then

"My word—again?"A chorus I must act."And Bert grabbed

of weary sighs arose from the back the other's feet and deposited him, seat. The brakes screeched in anwith an array of suitcases, on the

swer as our 1928 prairie schooner wet desert sand. Henry and Harold

slid to a stop. Chauffeur Bert came suddenly to life and bolted

shrugged his shoulders in disgusted out the other side of the car. I The high cost of experience.

surrender, then opened the door of turned and looked back at Dot.

the dilapidated, overloaded flivver "Shall we stay in or shall we p and stepped out to drown his sorbrave the elements and the lizards JrOR the third time rows in the rain. But not even and seek the refreshing air of the that day the spare was dragged

a flat beeyootiful desert?"off and for the third time adjudged tire—another one—could

make him lose his desire to drama- "Oh, let's get out,"returned hopeless. "Just count those patches

tize every situation. Dot. "Good grief, even watching on that tube already,"groaned

"Here we are,"he announced the boys fix tires, old as that gets, Harold. "Only eighteen! Looks

with a grandioso bow as he threw beats sitting here."So we joined like an exaggerated case of smallopen the rear door. "Ladies, and the others. pox."

those you have with you, right The tire was flat, all right. Hot "It's gone, all right,"agreed

this way to the great open spaces. desert sands can wreck any tire in Art. "But what can we do? We

if the tire wouldn't dare go on the rim, heavTo the left you see the great Hopi a short time—especially

desert; to the right, more desert. has already served for an ordinary ily loaded as we are."He turned

And what is wrong with this piclifetime. The boys got out the to the driver and added sarcasticalture? Ah, yes! In the lower left tools, and in a short time had the ly, "All right, Mr. Bert, you're

hand corner is another of those offending tire off. A long, jagged the little boy who never lets anyailments of tin horse flesh known rent put an end to all hopes of thing get the best of him. What

as a punctured hoof. So for the repair. do we do this time?"

love of mud,"he "That's easy,"added in a more returned Bert, matterof-fact way, without hesitation.

"pile out of there "You can hike and let's get it ahead and get one."

fixed."Art looked to see

if Bert was serious.

Five He was. "Why you

travel - weary adpoor fish! If it

venturers stirred weren't raining I'd enough to ease say the sun affected cramped limbs but your unprotected after one look at dome. It's forty

the dull gray sky miles to Shiprock."

above, and the wet "I know that, sand stretching to Art, but what else either side, settled can be done!"back again. Art alone deigned to "Well, I guess that means the "But forty miles—me—alone?"

speak. spare or nothing,"remarked Bert. "You'll not be alone,"Bert said

all Indians "There's in our consolingly. our lives took School, go "We sure "Aw, to—Sunday coyotes this and the along this road, out on going to hands we started when yourself. fix it I'm or

sleep."So saying, he threw his jaunt. Any of us can run a garage will keep you from minding the

feet over the back of the front seat when we get back home. Hohum! silence after dark. I'll try to get

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 655

this tire fixed. Then we can move us, and again at our car. He must our supper, and patch tires unon and meet you on your way have doubted the old axiom which ceasingly, that, too, was part of

hack, or, with luck, we might even states that the lesser cannot contain the game. And in spite of everyovertake you."the greater. And it was no wonthing, it was lots of fun.

"Fat chance of that."Art kicked der. Our little fourpassenger "Glory, I'm hungry."Dot reat the ragged tube. "But why Whippet was loaded to the limit minded us that we hadn't eaten

pick on me—alone?"when the crowd of us and our befor hours.

"Because you've got the longest longings were piled into it. We "So say we, all of us,"and, as

legs, I guess. One step of yours sometimes marveled that our tires usual, we turned to Bert for the

would make nearly three of Harlasted as long as they did. remedy. He was ready.

old's. And Henry could hardly "We passed a trading post back

be expected to go along, with his there about two miles. Harold,

lame knee. And I'm the only you can hike back there. Get some

one with ambition enough even to pork and beans, some bread, or try to fix this tire, or to fix anyrolls if you can, and I guess you'd thing else that might go wrong if better bring some soda water.

we do get started on. Besides, Lucky the sun isn't shining as it

you stand a better chance of getting was the last time we crossed this a ride if you're alone. People can old desert or we'd all be famished

for one but more,make room trip not for of a drink water. Next

'foralways more. So run two we'll I'll bet."canteen, have a

along, Pardner, you're unanimousBert handed out some more coin.

ly elected to be the life saving hero He was the business manager and of this little expedition. Here's always carried the purse. "Hurry

the money for the tire. Now now, Harold. I think maybe I

shoo! We'll be seeing you."can have this tire fixed by the time

As Art swung off down the you get back."

road Harold sang, "Want to come along, 'Tricia?"

the shines"When down moon I hike. Harold to loved knew how

desert, the upon settled the question. Bert But

its waitin'We'll be underneath worked HILE BERT 'Hurry,'heard say me "You Wi light."sat talked over our around and we I didn't you? youjwo know how a a line play added Dot fromAnd of the adventures past months. few to hurry. sing for the would Stop

rediscussing.we'd been "And several spent Bert Art and had bees, cacbirds the gather and and feet Dahlink,member, your when destage, seasons the had on and tus for plants toads horned and tiredget walking, of just think it lark cided a great be that would souvenirs to send back home. Ay a rest nice of ride the longwhat their a of to take out company better so tank go mebbe you

is getting for nothing."you small the in play of and some own alone."

all anxious, rather were But we in Mexico, Colorado, towns New right, "All mean Cheese—I if it rather asked weren't Bertand persuaded they Arizona. and So off started Chief."Harold And off alonedangerous, sending him rest the us along, includof to go the direction in opposite the fromlike that. Stevens, ing older an Henry man taken. one Art had so. I He'll don't think "No, several years for been had who girl, see?"you're "Anyway, my time. in ride getting abe no a his teacher of dramatics, and I as sat beside laughed Bert down this travel lots of alongThere's act director as to wife our and board. the running on him there somecomeshighway. Look, It taken hadn't chaperones. much sit right here to going and "You'reone now."all eager for were persuasion, we I did. these for patches hold me."

to travel, and welcomed the chance For some reason we always did visit these states, renowned for just as Bert said for us to do. LLN a very few minutes to

a long, low touring car stopped their scenery. And we had enbeside our Dobbin. "What's the joyed it. The beautiful parks and

trouble? Can I help?"the man mountain drives of Colorado, the AilFTER applying

at the wheel inquired. Aztec Memorial in New Mexico, patches to several holes made in

"Just ruined our last tire. One and the Grand Canyon, the Paintthe tube by one murderous nail,

of the gang just started ahead to ed Desert, and the tropical beauty we pumped the tube up and held get a new one. You could sure of Phoenix and southern Arizona our breath until we were sure it

help by giving him a lift. Going were but a few of the things we was going to hold. Then we exfar?"Harold was always the were always to remember. It ecuted a little Indian war dance

spokesman when strangers were to didn't matter that we never had all our own and began to look be addressed. many dollars ahead, or that many for Harold. He'd been gone for

"To Aztec. I'll be glad to take times we had to drive all night in some time, surely long enough to

him along. So long."order to keep an engagement to make that trip. We didn't want

"So long. And thanks,"we play on a rickety, dusty stage in our supper wandering around on

chorused. some small mining or farming that lonely desert after dark. FunAs the big car moved on, the town. And if we had to make a ny how important a can of beans

driver looked at our car, then at bowl of "graveyard stew"do for can become.

656 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

Bert had the tire on. "Now, reached the tradingpost where we that he had found out something.

if it just doesn't give way when supposed Harold had gone. The "He said a boy was here and

I let the car off the jack."Another little old man who answered our got food and drinks. It must have

breathless moment ensued till Dobquestions said he had seen no one, been Harold, but where could we bin stood safely on its own feet. "I was away for awhile,"he went have missed him?"

"I feel like a mother watching on. "Maybe he missed me and "Don't ask me,"was all the

her child stand alone for the first went on down to the Indian help I could offer. "But maybe

time,"breathed Henry. school. It's about sixteen - miles he tried to take a short cut across

"Uhhuh. You look so very down the road, off to the right the desert instead of following

motherly, Henry,"remarked Dot. about a mile. There's a store that crooked trail back to the highHenry was much older than any of there."way. How long ago was he here?"

the rest of us, and looked worse We thanked him and went on, "Just after six. It's nearly nine

for having gone three days without but were puzzled. How could now."

a shave. Harold have known of the store, Very quietly we rode back to

"Never mind, young lady. You and why would he go on that far the highway. It did no good to

look like something out of a wasteanyway? j try to see around us. The night

basket yourself. Desert air is sup- "Maybe his tummy was as was black as pitch and there was

posed to put roses into one's empty as mine,"Dot suggested, nothing to break the silence but cheeks, but desert rain has washed rubbing that organ, "so he decided our engine.

all the roses off yours."to go back to Gallup. How far highto the back turned We Bert interrupted that?"them. "Why is to see started back and way,

on earth doesn't that guy get here I had been in the front seat Henry had any better news. Sudif

with the eats? We could start watching the speedometer. "Only enly a lone figure stepped into the

miles. fortyon now if he were here,"about a That's mere tiredlook- glare of our lights—a out nothing here in this great hair. with rumpled ing young man

country are where the men his shoulder over sack a had braves He waited awhile, WiE all the do and the squaws work."as he face his anxious was andthen walked to the top of the nearest raise. "Is that he?"I could waved to us to stop.

breathed heavens!"see "Thank a moving speck road. in the finally reached E beyond I were Bert.Silence Dot and for a while, then Dot exthe road (if suchW it could called) be

claimed, that led to the school. "Heaven words.

a few feet "There's two!"spare our tires. We have no spare,"We stopped within

"Two what?"Henry wanted to Bert said solemnly as we swung of the man, who hurried to the

know. into the deep ruts and headed for car and stood beside us, still too

'That's what we all want to the group of lights we could see dazzled by the lights to see any of he's'know. me, Mister, clearly. bringing PatriMaybe "Pardon distance. in the jolted along us We

giving cia an Indian for a souvenir."if you'd mind I wonder but Bert until reached the we whitewashed

had never liked my habit of colfence that surrounded the buildme a lift for a matter of about lecting relics since the day in Ashings. Bert rushed in to ask for sixteen miles. There's some folks

fork when I left a cactus plant on news of our wandering boy. When up there waiting for me and their

the seat of the car. He would have he returned we could see at once supper."

to pick that certain place to sit We all laughed and Bert said, down! "Well, Harold, I guess we might.

The two specks turned out to be Hop in."

a small Indian boy and a cow, "Goodness! Is it really you?"

enroute from someplace to someHarold was incredulous.

place else. As he came near where "It is. Welcome back to our

we stood, the boy stopped, looked midst, Wanderer of the Wasteus over, then drove his cow off lands. Give an account of yourthe road and made a wide detour self."

around us. Henry's wife took a

look at her husband's whiskers and smiled. A;l.S we rode along, he "That is an insult—when even told us there had been no one at

the Indians fight shy of us."We the post except a man who was

agreed, but none of us felt like watering his horse at a muddy pool joking. It was too dark to see back of the building. This man

far now, and we were really worhad told him of the school store.

ried. "He said it was 'just a ways

"Better go after him,"Bert defarther', so I kept on going 'just cided, starting back to the car. We a ways farther'till I got there.

unloaded the car to spare the tires I got the grub and started to cut as much as possible, then left Henacross back to the highway. It

ry to watch while the rest of us got dark all of a sudden, and I went to look for our belated supgot my directions hopelessly mixed.

per. Nothing was said until we The lights of a passing car guided

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 657

me to the road, but somehow I a nap if we're going to play todoor was opened and Art's voice got started off wrong, walked morrow,"someone suggested. "I sang out,

a long way, then a car stopped wonder if we'll ever get there.""Well, of all the sleepy bunches!

and the driver asked me where I The rest of us wondered, too. This is a great way to welcome a

was headed for. I said 'Colorado'"I think we'd better take our hero home."He turned and called,

and he said, 'You'd better turn suitcases and strike out. These "It's them all right,"and the other

around. We're headed for Ariflat tires give a darn sight more car drove off into the darkness.

I retreat,zona.'a hasty and made trouble than and now, all awake

too I guess, soon, ornot any was I'd That a deluge under my opinionflat feetof thewould."situArtWewaswereburied

have missed you again."ation. of questions. "I rode into ShipWe made short work of the "It's not you girls who suffer rock, all right, but,"he turned

beans, bread, and soda pop after from the flat tires. We fellows accusingly to Bert,"any poor sap

we reached Henry. Then, piling have to do all the dirty work."might have known we'd never be

ourselves and baggage into the "And we just sit out here in the able to get a Whippet tire there.

schooner, we went merrily on our middle of this forsaken country That's just an Indian settlement.

way. and enjoy the scenery."I had to go on to Farmington."

"Art should be getting back this But we couldn't enjoy even a He struck an attitude worthy of far before long,"impart Bert remarked was about to one who means that we miles. quarrel—which gone severalwhen we had information. "Ninety amazing were "some worried."

"It seems to be getting a habit miles little Artie went, just for a "Pipe you, I need down, some cross these tire about this boat."for—worrying sleep."unquestionably Bert was hikers,"country Henry. mused impressed. properly were We tired. the of done had most He

tire "It's the worrying far?"I'm walk you "Did left since driving four Phoenix we

Bert. rightabout laughed now,"filled days days with before—four last."it will longI wonder how tires. flat last time had we The laughed. "No, the in though answer ArLT came As rested really at Holbrook, was two there. I all the rode almost way familiarold "pop!"night's before. other nights The

it I tire, the got around hung my long, said brother,""Not traveling. spent been had How gone I'd started back. neck, and solemnly, asHarold pulled up we a bed look good would now!

a five miles four or man whenat side the of the road. after the other dropped One we if I going asked stopped was and

"Here we are,"said Bert once off to sleep, in spite of the fact far. I told him, 'just about ninety

more, but this time without the that we felt we must surely dream miles', and he looked at me rather grand air. Instead, he draped his of Indians and buzzards and queerly, as if he thought it rather

feet over the steering wheel and coyotes hovering around poor Art unusual for a guy with a tire for added, "Good night!"out on the desert somewhere. a necktie to start out on a jaunt

"No chance to mend this one?"We were wakened from our like that. He was going just two

as a car stopped beside us. Our had to walk for hours, I guess itHenry"Nope—noinquired.more porous plasslumbers by the screech of brakes miles, but that helped. Then I

ters for weak tires."was, before I got a ride with the

We sat there in the intense folks that brought me here. I'd

blackness, broken only by our have been here sooner, but"—heparking lights. Far off sounded made a wry face—"we had to stop

a mournful wail, and we specuto fix a flat tire."

lated as to whether it might be "They have nothing on us,"coyotes or Indian whoopee. Bert laughed. "So did we."

"Art's apt to be scared stiff."In a short time the new tire was

Bert was getting anxious now. on, and we settled ourselves once

"I guess I shouldn't have sent him more. "I guess we can make it,"

alone, but I never dreamed he'd Bert said, looking at his watch.

have to walk far. There's sure not "I think our tires are good for the

much travel tonight."rest of this trip."He looked

"Shall I start ahead to meet around and asked, "Are we here?"

hadn't thought Harold hehim?"are here,"we responded, "We day. for onewalked far enough "Let's added, Harold and see how

"Then we'd have to go hunting soon we can be somewhere else."

you again. No, he's apt to come

in a car and then you'd never see As we started on the long trail him. He's got the only flashlight once again, I turned and looked

in the company, so he's safer out at the two boys who were comthere than any of us would be."paring notes in the back seat.

"You'd better see if you can't go to sleep and get rested. We'll soon

be up in those gorgeous Colorado

OO we just sat and mountains, and wouldn't it be fun waited. "We ought to try to get to go on a nice, long hike?"

:-:;;>":*.;:- '":":-,':-;':::

The Old Stage Road Crossing Skull Valley the Trail On of the Overland Stake

KENNETH S. BENNION

OMETIMES we of the Overland Stage and the Floyd, Five Mile Pass, Faust.see a stretchsof earth or sky, we Pony Express. Point Lookout, Government

hear a song or glimpse a passing Wash, Simpson Springs, Riverbed, face, and the impressions are so UnDIMMED by the Dugway, Fish Springs, Callao, strong that they remain forever passing years, the old road has Canyon Station, Deep Creek, and with us. written its own record of achievemany others. Desert towns and

I shall not forget the day—-it's ment across the land it conquered. ranches mark the sites of some of

remain stations, a few these morenearly thirty years I It the imagination. One wakes ago—when exist only others in ruins, and still torode the the top listening for of a limestone catches peak himself

on the west side of Rush Valley clatter of wheels on a rocky ridge in the memories of a few oldand looked out across the wide or keeping a wary lookout for timers.

desert that lay beyond, shimmerIndians who might be lying in This stretch of country is aling in the heat waves of an Auambush. But it's a generation ago most all a barren wilderness, with

gust noon. A page of western since the Lindberghs, the Posts and water at very rare intervals. Back

history lay before me. There were Gattys of 1860 were pitted against in the '60's there were few inDavis Mountain, Indian, the this wilderness in a most audacious habitants other than wanderingButtes, Granite, Dugway, and blue attempt to bring California within bands of Indians and a few—too

giveagainst the western sky, the Deep a fortnight's travel of the Mismany—outlaw whites. To

Creek Range, rising above the haze. souri. the coaches and the pony riders a

Between these landmarks lay the One stretch of the road ran little more than an even break

Poroutlaws, Indians anddesert for against Salt City Lake miles of gray south from floor—endless to hired keep ter Rockwell wasshadscale to the miles of the and white alkali. Point twenty

Point Lookout lay a couple of Mountain. From there it swung things in order. He did it with a

miles north of me, and from the westward across the desert to the vengeance.

mouth of the canyon emerged a Nevada line, a hundred and fifty white line that stretched away to miles away. Stations along this M,.ANY stories are told

the westward. That was the trail road were Joe Dugout's, Camp about his activities, some good and

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 659

some bad. All are doubtless dis- a long way off. The three people gold bullion from California. His

torted by this time. Some chronconcerned are all dead, and there plans had been carefully laid and

iclers would have us believe that were no witnesses. Who can say? his getaway was almost perfect.

he was a master bandit himself, Those were the days of swift if But Rockwell found the trail and especially gifted in the art of not always sure justice. Any way, followed it to a hidden cabin on

doublecrossing. Others, and by the well is still there—it has hardCherry Creek, about twentyfive

picturefar the majority, him is still miles off the road. Then for four as a ly caved at all—and there

straight - shooting, - witted quick forerunner of law and order. The

fact remains that he was bad medicine for outlaws. To use his own

words, he never killed a man "that didn't need killing."

One story is told of a couple of of Canyon Ruinshorsethieves valustole some who at the Station the followedable horses and of Overland stage mouth road westward. Rockwell picked Canyon, Westerr.

up the trail and followed it to Utah.

Riverbed, about a hundred miles southwest of Salt Lake. Here,

singlehanded, he captured the thieves and made them help drive the horses back. As they neared

Point Lookout, a mountainous

. -. tO0r

region, the story goes that Rockroom in it for a whole grist of days and nights, with almost no well found it necessary to shoot horsethieves, bootleggers, gangsters, food or water and with no sleep both men and he dropped the etc. All that is lacking is a few at all, he watched the bandit. Fibodies down a deep well which Porter Rockwells to bring them in. nally the latter, feeling sure that

he had dug for just such purposes. Whatever else may be said of Porhe had eluded pursuit, went to his

Rockwell's enemies say that the ter Rockwell, he was true to his cache and dug up the gold. Inshooting was not justifiable, and friends, and the country needed stantly Rockwell "held him up"

that the well could tell a lot of men of his type. and made him carry the bullion

incriminating tales if it would. His back over the mountains toward

friends say that if he shot the outthe stage road. Almost dead from

laws at all, he shot in self defense story his four days'vigil, Rockwell took AlNOTHERbandit who held the bandit to the winter ranch inor to prevent their escape. As for concerns a lone

the well, they say that it was dug up the stage in Point Lookout Skull Valley, left him in charge for water only. The year 1865 is and got away with a fortune in of a ranch hand, and went to

660 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

sleep. During the night the bandit station was built on a bare, roundkilled where they sat, but two

got away. He disappeared withed ridge, just where the road drops broke through the doorway and

out a trace, but his sense of humor down a long dugway from the raced for the canyon. These were

proved to be his downfall. He bench to the bottom of the canriddled with bullets within fifty

was an extelegraph operator, and yon. There was no cover near, yards.

one day this message was sent but the Indians waited in the botalong the line:

"I am the man who robbed the Indians in Deep stage in Lookout. Rockwell got Creek and Ruby valley caused conthe gold from me. See if you can siderable trouble. At one time

get it from him."they were barely prevented from

By a process of elimination attacking Deep Creek, or Ibapah, was found that the message had itself, which was even then quite been sent from Fort Bridger. a large farming community.

Rockwell went there, picked up The warriors were considerably the trail again, and finally got daunted by the fearless, unhis man, in Butte, Montana. yielding attitude of Howard

Egan and a few others of his stamp, and finally moved on up

Indians along this the valley. A little later clouds

desert stretch of road are reportof smoke were seen to the wested to have been comparatively ward, and the people knew that peaceful and even helpful at the station about eight miles times. However, there are plenwest of the town, on the Nety of cases recorded to show that vada line, had been attacked.

they were bad enough. At Stage While the posse was gathering,

Hollow, within twentyfive miles a cloud of dust appeared along the of Salt Lake City, a party of Inroad and the eastbound stage came dians ambushed a stage coach. It racing in, a passenger guiding the

was so near to the long established six frightened horses. Another

settlements that the driver was passenger was crumpled up in the making this leg of the run alone Orin Porter Rockwell forward boot with a bullet in his and unarmed. The Inhead. The stage had

dians tried to capture been just ready to him alive, but he leave when the attack fought them off with occurred. The driver

a monkey - wrench. had been killed and

The Indians later told the passenger wounded that he put up a desby two of the first perate fight, and that shots. The other pasthey finally had to wx senger had grabbed the

shoot him from a dislines and miraculously tance to prevent his escaped with his killing some of them. wounded companion.

Farther west, in the When the posse Fish Springs Mountains, some soldiers reached the station, who had been sent to ",-:.'SalillSiS they found only

guard the road killed smoking ruins and the several Indians. EscapRockwell's Well at Point Lookout scalped bodies of four

ing warriors spread men.

the news to the main tribe of torn of a deep draw about two The wounded passenger, though

Goshutes in Deep Creek Valley, hundred yards to the south. In part of his skull was shot away,

Friends and relatives determined the morning six men came out survived, and after a month or so to avenge the death of the slain of the bunkhouse. Five went to resumed his journey eastward, apIndians. A party of them rode tend the stock, and the other to parently as well and strong as ever.

up into the high Deep Creek prepare breakfast in a dugout built

Range. When night came on just under the brow of the hill on

they climbed over the top and the side away from the Indians. Howard egan,

traveled northward, parallel to the The five attendants finished their pioneer and pony express rider, had mountains, to the mouth of Overwork, looked over the country, but many encounters with hostile Inland Canyon. Here was located saw nothing, and went to the dugdians and in every case either outan important station that comout for breakfast, leaving their witted them, outfought them, or

manded a view of the road from guns in the bunkhouse. The Inby the most audacious display of

the summit, a few miles westward, dians quickly climbed the hill, and utter fearlessness prevented trouble.

to the Fish Springs Mountains, with a yell charged down on the On one occasion he felt sure that twenty miles to the east. The dugout. Four of the men were the Indians were planning to trap

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 661

him somewhere along his run. He of the forgotten mounds bear mute waiting expectantly for somerode warily, and just before he testimony to the swift justice of thing; and one finds himself scanreached a certain sharp turn in those days, and some represent the ning earnestly the faroff shadows

Overland Canyon, he sensed dandesert's toll of travelers and setthat seem to form and move, and ger. Checking his horse, he peered tlers. then dissolve again, down the

around the bend and saw a party At Simpson Springs, thirty broad white road toward Riverbed.

of Indians crouching in the brush, miles farther west, part of the old A few days ago I left my car waiting for him. If he had come rock station house is standing, and and walked along the road a little

down the road at his usual fast a few years ago the disabled runway to take a picture. Suddenly

gallop he would have ridden right ninggear of a coach stood in a I heard a strange noise for such into their trap. He withdrew a corner of the fence. It is gone surroundings. Looking upward,

little to consider. The canyon now. Probably some sheepherder I saw a mail plane droning across

walls were so steep that he could in distress commandeered it, rethe sky on its way to the coast.

not leave the road. The only conditioned it with twentieth cenIt carried letters at five cents each,

other canyon he could follow was tury baling wire, and put it into and averaged more than a hundred some six miles out of his way, and service as an emergency commismiles an hour, rain or shine, in if the Indians were really detersary wagon. comparative security. I was standto capture they mined him, would ing the road on a but where few still find may also. that doubt guarded no have Oi'NE short years ago the express pony pieces the wire of of and stumps pistols, his pulled he out So both all broke speed records, carrying

first relics poles, transcontithe of his the into spurs drove horse's letters five at dollars apiece, doing line. fact telegraph nental In yell flanks a with burst wild and well fifteen to average sixteen or fairly every the mile of teems road curve, the a- around guns both miles in an hour, favorable weathinterest. is especially with This roaring. tail his the of of Out traveling er and in anything but true clear a full night, a on with eye he falling Indians over saw security.

each other in a frantic attempt to moon flooding the desert with a reach shelter. In a moment Egan light almost as bright as that of The Overland Stage and the

had rounded the next sharp turn day. The long, straight road leadPony Express were short lived,

and was safe again. ing down from Simpson to Riverbut they performed a priceless serThe Indians told him later that bed stands out on such a night vice to the West, and to travel

the ambush was no play party. with startling clearness. Indian over the old road now is like payThey were out to get his scalp. Mountain, the Buttes, Table and ing a visit to some great hero of

But when he charged around the Dugway mountains stand at atthe past who still lives, though point like a cannon ball, they tention in the weird light. The his period of glorious activity is

thought a whole army was right whole desert seems tense, as if over.

on them. t)UCH tales might be Mormon Boy C rowned World's recounted endlessly. almost Some

recorded, have been exGreatest Athlete others still ist in the West's great unwritten [Continued from page 651] history, and still others have been When Mortensen goes into the out as the model American speciforgotten. Sixty years have passed 1932 Olympic Games as the favmen.

since the last concord coach climbed orite to win the allaround title, At home in Thatcher, Amerito the top of Lookout and started some interesting data on his ability ca's greatest athlete is a leader in the long trip across the desert. But as compared to that of Richards the male chorus of the Mutual

the old road remains, like the will have been provided. MeanImprovement Association and an

abandoned streambed of a shifting while Coach Dean Cromwell anactive scout leader. What a break

river. The shadscale have closed ticipates that his star protege will for the boy scouts of Thatcher,

in a little, and storms have washed be even better in the Olympics to have a world's champion for out the road in places. At interthan he was this season in the their chieftain!

vals one comes across other evi- A. A. U. games. One of Mortensen's best boostdences of the days when the Overers is Jesse A. Udall, bishop of

land Stage and the Pony Express T\ URING the school session, Thatcher ward, who expresses his were among the greatest institu- L Mortensen teaches physical admiration for his youthful but tions of the West. Old buildings education and coaches the athletic nevertheless famous member in

and cedarpost corrals remain at teams of the Riverside Junior colthese words:

the Faust Ranch, sixty miles southlege in California. Since he finished "The people of Thatcher ward

west of Salt Lake. Here Dr. his collegiate career in 1930, Jesse and the 'Mormon'folks of Ari-

a notable characterFaust, the of are generally of zona very proud has represented the Angeles Los a large Basin,Great maintained athletic the accomplishments of

Athletic club in its bastrack and a sort of "divisionranch and this of Jesse young and man point"on the road. This ranch ketball campaigns. His pleasing Mortensen, himself. In his modwas one of Porter Rockwell's headpersonality and fine physique atest, gentlemanly manner he has

quarters. There is still a tiny tract the spectators immediately. made numerous friends for himself

cemetery here, on a bare hill beside Six feet, two inches in height and and the members of the Church in the present state highway. Some weighing 185 pounds, he stands this territory.

q

"What would you like, my dear, m a gift from us?"The lady was

as nice as she was beautiful, as lovely as her clothes.

Daughter of Martha Chapter Two ByIVY WILLIAMS STONE

found pane windows! Gloria felt a wood and chilling her to the marthe Kirkmanw,INTERfamily safely estabpardonable pride in this new row, she needed to remember how

lished in a oneroom log house, home; a board floor to keep spotit packed in the mountains and

with a leanto where the four boys lessly scrubbed; a stepstove to made crops possible another year.

slept. The finding of the precious polish. Margaret Kirkman had never done

five hundred dollars had made the Margaret Kirkman had never a washing. The black Kafir wohome possible. Who was there to seen snow. The first was attractmen in Africa had been faithful,

comment on the width of the floor ive and fascinating, but as it gathif slow, servants. Now came the

boards, or to cast disparaging reered for months, piling against necessity for homemade soaps, for it, formarks about the dirt roof? Who the lone window, drifting under carrying water and heating

else could boast better than four the floor, clinging to the stove boiling tree barks to make a blueing, for grating potatoes to make been watching fled in surprise, and was young and joyous and happy, starch. The boys had to have the echo was unpleasant. that life in the mountains was

heavy woolen socks to meet the very busy and very sweet.

severe task fell this to cold, and sixtyfive of In the came May the Gloria. nimblefingered She wheat Grinding close the of of the Civil in news War.

carding, the of for flour, soon technique mastered a coffee mill Margaret Kirkman could not unthe stitches for the spinning needles and with and wool and dyeing derstand be negroes should why allotted of spring hershe weavers, dressing the whichcoming game free rights Equal men. with the

self a "sock a day."As she herded her brothers caught, making canwhite race! She shuddered, rehills,the tallow, her cows on the nearby dles from the membering black Kafirs and

fingers berries for the automatically guided drying atrocities gatheringwinter—thesekand the they committed.

needles, tasks. her while her constituted her thoughts She ate wanglad "I'm we're far beyond

zest,dered kaleidoscopic coarse glory. through a youthful foods with

rejoiced. she them,"

learn, to study, that to she did wanted to not although know Confederate "I wonder what tales esgreens were marvelous contained dandelion anySheread—there is currency grinned worth now,"

filled to her that sential vitamins. opened She in books—doors Stephen, the remembering

worlds. pocketsnew sharkwhole famous Jenny with That wheat when who had tried to make the a little of ster to herd, had been aLind unmindful girl with she went

trade. voice. Gloria tried her voice on the calories of energy which it conchurch hymns, but a robin she had tained. She only knew that she Following quickly came the

664 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

news of the death of President hidden in those dusty mail bags? you can read. Books for girls."

Lincoln. An actor had become a Gold, maybe, from San Francisco. In her gratitude Gloria put her

murderer. Gloria, who had been How rich these people must be to remaining arrow heads into their

practicing elocution with secret pay two hundred dollars for the laps.

ambitions as she herded the cows trip East. How like lightning they The hostlers came out with

and knitted, felt a sudden shame. traveled, taking only sixteen days fresh horses. The driver climbed

Did all actors turn into murderers? from 'Frisco to St. Louis. leisurely to his seat, and deigned

The hillside had been her stage; A kindlyfaced woman smiled to accept the reins which were

the cows her audience, the sego at Gloria. She did not see the held up to fcim. A red tassel

lillies her bouquets. It was weeks homespun dress nor the coarse, gleamed on the tip of the long

before she resumed rehearsals. heavy shoes. She saw only hair whip which he cracked dexterousof gold above a beautiful, eager, ly over the heads of the impatient

childish face. steeds. Just at that crucial mo-

1 Gloria the daily "What a glorious crown!"she ment Stephen Kirkman's slow,

passage of the stage was an imcried. "Look, Edgar."lumbering oxen pulled in from

portant event. The red and green Edgar was engrossed in a book. the cross road, dragging some

coaches, the galloping horses, the "A desert crown,"he smiled abhardgotten fire logs.

debonair drivers, the armed guards sently.

waving their Colts, and the fash- "Would you like an arrow ionably dressed passengers reprehead?"Gloria was surprised at her Instantly the driver

sented a life beyond the hills. She own courage, as she offered a became angry that a native had

had been obliged to watch and choice, perfect flint. dared to cross his path. He cracked

admire this daily event from the the long, tasseled whip menacinghills as she guarded the flock. Ocly toward Stephen and cried raucasionally some thoughtful person 1 HE lady cried out cously:

returned the waved greeting of the with delight, while the other pas- "Clar the road! Get out of my

child. On her fourteenth birthday sengers exclaimed and admired. way with your bull team!"

her brother George left his woodThe gentleman called Edgar A second time the whip came cutting and tended the herd while reached toward his pocket. dangerously near Stephen, who

Gloria celebrated by "dressing "I suppose you want money?"could not increase the speed of his

up,"and visiting the stage station. his voice carried the cynicism of oxen. As the driver made ready

She had a daring hope. If one the traveler. But Gloria created to swing the whip a third time,

of those marvelous ladies spoke to a sensation by shaking her head. it made a downward sweeps 'ere

her, she would give her an arrow- "What would you like, my he raised his arm. As though she

head. Several perfect ones clinked dear, as a gift from us?"The had been trained for the part,

in her pocket as she hurried along. lady was as nice as she was beautiGloria displayed a marvelous agilful, as lovely as her clothes. Gloria ity. With a sudden upward leap

could only point at the book she caught the whip in a viselike 1 HE four horse equipwhich the man held, for speech grip and instantly wrenched it page rolled into the station at what had deserted her. from the hand of the surprised

seemed a terrific speed, the mail "Why, Edgar, the child wants driver. The little pug nose dibags swinging, the horses frothing, your old book. Milton would be lated with anger, and deep red

the driver waving his whip. He gratified to know a child of the suffused her face and neck as she

was a magnificent person in a linen desert wants his poems."cried angrily:

duster, with a broadrimmed hat The man called Edgar became "Don't you dare strike my and yellow gloves. He tossed his serious. "We will send you books brother!"

reins to an admiring lackey, who from St. Louis, little girl. Books "Give me that whip!"ordered

hung greedily upon his faintest the driver.

smile. The horses were flecked Gloria glanced quickly toward

with foam. They had galloped Stephen, who was now nearly

ten miles. The guard laid down over the street.

his shotgun and two revolvers. "Come and get it,"she called

Inside the coach, ladies with their and tossed the disputed leather inhair confined in "water fall"nets, to the dust, as she darted to Steshook out their long bustled skirts phen for protection.

and smoothed down their tight A hostler picked up the whip, basques. cleaned it on his own shirt, and

Such marvelous colors—blue and handed it to the driver. The

brown and plum! What wondrous whip cracked, the stage jolted and

ruffles and flounces. The men were they were off.

all bearded and erect, with braid For days Gloria Kirkman was decorated coats. Every passenger the talk of the little village. She

and every detail of the coach reprehad dared to thwart a stage driver!

sented a life which was withheld Why, they could dispense favors the eagerfrom Gloria, and which as or punishment they willed. Glorfa petrified, stood knowingrshe yearned to experience. exerted a real that They power. streak a telltale of Who smoke from the chimney

What possbile treasure might be had showed the house was not deserted. else but the flamehaired Gloria

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 665

would dare to cross a wearer of stood the real test. The Boer named

lemon colored gloves? OHE wanted better Jacobs sold his farm for fifty times its

things than her life offered. She previouson the Vaalvalue.River.AnotherTwentytwostone was carats.found

wanted beauty in all her surroundDiamonds have been found where Gloria /xFTER what seemed ings. Books were her crying paswas born. I enclose a five pound note.

I will see quickly I can how get rich and packages eager child, the sion. study, to learn, ages to to A chance all it family in Utah. to my bepostage all enormousbearing an to experience Her bring emotions. "J. Kirkman."

gan to arrive. They were addressed youth and vigor and health cried

merely to "The little girl who out for expression. The arithmetic

wears a golden crown."Uncle was memorized; the copy of Whit- 1 HERE was no money

Tom's Cabin, McGuffy's Comtier's was worn from usage; the in the letter. As they read this

plete Readers, a book on natural McGuffy readers had whetted her startling news, Gloria and her science, Ray's Arithmetic, Wilappetite for broader vistas. Even mother sat at a rough pine table,

son's Speller and Whittier's in her youth she had read and lighted by a flickering candle. The

Poems. Through the long winre-read the Book of Mormon. four chairs were homemade, their

ter Gloria knitted with fresh The wheat was beginning to bed was a straw tick on rope slats.

energy that she might have more head before the boys came back The fire in the stepstove was extime for the precious books. She tinguished to save fuel. Outside,

taxed the family's supply of canthe lone cow mooed plaintively dles as she studied and memorized. and a distant coyote howled his

She spelled down her brothers and weird notes.

all the other children of the village. "O, Mother,"cried Gloria roThe days were too short for the mantically, "why didn't we stay? Diamonds, on the very spot where learn. shethings wanted to

I was born!"of the InSpring news brought "Diamonds are not life—Gloriadian depredations in southern

religion. Here we can worUtah. Margaret Kirkman became—nor ship in freedom. least at Here we, less usual. atepale even than and are safe. riches behooves What call for enlistments the cameWhen are you dead? Perhaps your all tall when boys, the four Kirkman father will bring diayou some riflemen, skilled bronzedand and monds when he comes. If ourmarched away. Their mother did sons return safely, they will be gave but them, to stopnot try

all the riches I crave."paper. for letter a copythem book

She bit her lips to restrain emotion. Gloria trembled as she tried A. FEW days later

to fashion neat bundles of the when the entire settlement except

Day,"she saw a band of Indianssocksmen—whiteshe had men—redknit for them.men; Blackwhat Gloria had gone to watch "Drill

difference did it make when the grounding the dugway which led lust to kill filled their hearts? into the village. They were an

"Indians are as wicked as the entire tribe—moving. Tent poles,

Kafirs,"whispered Margaret Kirkpack horses, squaws, papooses, man. "Their scalping knives are painted warriors, flies and dust.

as deadly as the assagais. Only a Gloria had been spinning and singmonth ago they killed fifteen men ing:in a stage station in Colorado.""/ need you, Crown of Glory,"he "Forty threads make a knot—

The necessity for labor gave pleaded. More than his words, Gloria "He spoke to the River Tiber

Gloria no time to lament her thenoticedironing.his collar had been scorched in that rolls on to the sea;"

brothers'absence. She and her "Ten knots make a skein—"

mother had to plow the field and from their ninety days'enlistment. "How big was Alexander, Pa,

seed the precious wheat. In a short The letters from her father in far was he so very high?"

time their supply of wood was away Africa were few and irreguShe stopped abruptly, the.exhausted, and Gloria had to lar, and were always torn and height of King Alexander frozen

gather oak brush for fuel. The opened upon arrival. He spoke upon her lips. The Indians were

early drought made irrigation of coming soon, but always somestopping. A squaw was coming

necessary. While she guided the thing intervened. Every letter toward the house, carrying a pacold snow water over the fields contained a reference to enclosed poose. Finally a young Indian

and milked the one cow and money, but it never reached its dismounted and overtook her.

guarded the sheep as they foraged, destination. Now, while his sons Gloria rushed to the one window

Gloria dreamed of better days to were away fighting Indians, John and dropped the muslin curtain.

come. She felt all the emotions Kirkman wrote of wonderful She fastened the single door with

which had stirred Maud Muller news: the green drop pole. Then she

when she raked her father's field: waited and prayed, remembering

to thing has marvelous happened "A to the Indian sought buy had who that she dared hardly child Africa. Boer's wish pretty our to own hunted"A A plains. her the on the squaw As better she river a rocks something had than especially bank. on For One

known."attractive proved to be a diamond. It [Continued on page 6$2]

Laro By E. W. TAYLOR

Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

great church Jackson did not T,HE with a black hush; have implicit faithwas overlaid

inside were many people praying. in her daughter. She

A Bishop stood with calm feaplaced too much tures. The majesty of.his office trust in her only

was impressed upon the listeners. child. And Mary

Then he spoke a few words of was a dutiful and comfort to the bereaved, who lismoral child. But

tened with bared souls. she had a mind of

. "He was a man of God,"said her own'...

the Bishop with a glance at the flowerenshrouded coffin. "Is there In the

more that man can say?"highvaulted drawMrs. Merrilla Jackson heard him ing room Merrilla

with hard bright eyes. It was her was interrupted

brother who was dead. Instead from her reading by

of weeping she stared very, very the sound of laughhard at the fluttering candles. They ter coming from the

seemed symbolic of life's frailty. garden. She frown-

A little gust of wind.... She ed in contemplation

found herself gripping the psalm of the source of that book with a tightness that paled laughter, a young her knuckles to a blue white. man who had often

frequented the old mansion. He was a

OHE was a New Engnice young man, lander, staunch in her beliefs; firmbut evidently not

ly convinced of the superiority of the right sort for her parentage, the best Bostonian Mary to associate extract. She was primly conscious with. Mrs. Jackson

of the sixty years which hung often frowned at upon her with dignified grace like Mary's friends. But

mellow sunlight upon old oak. Mrs. Jackson was

There was something about her not always consultthat suggested oak, well seasoned ed. She harboredand hardy—almost harsh. Beside growing uneasiness

her sat an only daughter, not duly about the youngster impressed by an uncle's death. but did not know

The organ was playing now. just what she could

Silvery peals of music, the lovedo to remedy the liest of all pieces—- at least so source of her irritathought Merrilla. Largo! Of all tion. The premonithe lofty strains from Handel, the tion of coming distender notes from Largo inspired aster haunted her.

her the most. Suddenly the high She hardly knew

factpoise of her head lowered; tears the fellow—in

flowed freely. Strange enough she knew nothing

Merrilla could not have told about him, not the whether it was from sorrow which least thing. All

she was weeping or the voice of lationship between mother and she could do was wait.

music throbbing and probing on daughter was not of complete unIt came on a Sunday evening.

a tender chord in her breast. derstanding. Mary was too modShe was reading a book. His

Her daughter sat sombereyed ern. She had a will of her own, golden hair and ruddy cheeks faced

and silent, evidently wishing that went where she pleased and chose her from the door which was half the service would end. The rehar own friends. Not that Mrs. closed behind him.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 667

"What do you want?"she that was threatening to burst forth Mrs. Jackson gasped. This was

asked with a faint trace of severity. in an avalanche of blame. too much. At first she thought

He walked toward her, planted "Mary!"she began. "What is that she was going to faint. After

his feet wide apart, and thrust a the meaning of this? Tell me a moment of giddy and sickening

squared jaw forward. it isn't true. Tell me that this struggle to free herself from this

;a "I want your permission to young fool is only playing a joke dream—it must fbe a dream,marry your daughter,"he said. upon me."horrible nightmare—she regained

a fair measure of her selfcontrol.

She confronted her daughter with 1 HERE ensued a silence M,.ARY leveled a steady fear in her eyes.

marred only by the quick sound glance upon her mother. "It's "And you? What are youof Mrs. Jackson sharply inhaling true. I love him—-we love each thinking of? Are you out of your

her breath. It had come! other. Now mother, be a good senses?"

"I thought that you should sport and take it standing up."The girl shook her head graveknow,"the young man went on "But what do you know about ly. "No; I think that I know

softly.I—er—she"Youlovesseemeweandare wein wantlove. him?he comeWhofrom?is he?I couldn'tWherepermitdid thinkfull wellthat whatI shall I joinam thedoing.ChurchI

to be married."such a thing. No; I won't hear of myself. I am quite convinced that "Well—"she demanded irriit,"Merrilla stormed. it is the greatest thing in the

tably. on.""Go world."appeared The young conman

isn't "There This revelation caused Mrs. any more to say,"fident. that "I think an- I can

answered the young man with swer all of those questions satisMerrilla Jackson to feel like simplicity.astounding "Mary screaming. she sat only But down factorily. is name John My loves me."regarded her and a daughter with I Burns. ( John haven't very much loves the you?"repeated "Mary stare. vacant reigned Horror I but money a making good am

still unnervedwoman, somewhat soul. her within devastating A salary enough to start jon. out

the information.by feeling strangled the of impotency engineer."an You see I am

visitor inspected her She more words that rose to condemn. Merrilla seemingly was unimclosely. a deep She noted pair of

blue eyes full of boyish unsophispressed by this disclosure. In fact

tication which somehow grated she glowered in a manner most xiiuat uti. nerves. "puu juiu) sue woman LONELY A

at the destiny that true.be dreaming. It couldn't be disconcerting."Now—as to where I am from. stared bitterly "Don't you think that this has We—-that's easy. I am from mocked her. More and more she

gone far enough?"she smiled. The Utah."turned to music to seek the comsmile was not altogether a pleasfort of soul that was somehow

ant one; she might have been disdenied her. In distant Utah her

missing an inefficient servant. Mr;IS. JACKSON only daughter had made a home.

"No ma'am, I don't think it lifted her head with surprise She had even joined a detested stamped upon every feature. From Church. Estrangement and sephas. It is being married that I've

come to see you about."Utah. That was interesting. Did aration had followed. Could she

"Where is Mary?"asked the he by any chance know any Morever forget?

woman. mons? Of course he did. He Tonight she was to listen to a

was probably acquainted with a great its orchestra symphony with toyoung The man nodded great many. A swift suspicion incomparable leader across the from wards next room. "In there."

poisoned her mind. the sea, Leiden. He stepped upon

MilRS. JACKSON and"I agedon'tthatthinkit shouldthat inmakethis dayany theThe stagefirstwithstrainsan elaboratethat sweptbow.

thought rapidly. Could it be posdifference,"the fellow continued. through the great hall were those

sible that lose she to was see, you of Largo. I am a MorMerrilla listened with "But-—well,

to this daughter feluncultured full fledged one."pulse. pounding It to her came her mon—a

raised low? voice. her She as a tonic. It swept the away

"Mary; come here!"barriers to her soul. She found

A head appeared immediately herself biting a lower lip in an from behind a door-—an oaken effort to keep back the tears that

.massive door imposing. and The gathered in eyes. her A strange

like head was golden that of the fire in burned her heart.

boy.open—althoughThe smile a waslittlefrankworried.and onstrationBut afterofthatharmonywonderfulshe founddem-

"Come here!"herself again troubled and desoFollowing the golden head there lated. Largo passed like a dream.

appeared a slim girlish body that was redundant with youthful energy. at Mrs. Jackson looked Then a gloomy rainy N O her reproachfully, daughter which late September Monday in Merfor a moment smothered the anger [Continued on page 6$ 6]

"He picked up the poor, waterdrenched gal as she waz jest comin to."

Trailer of Evergreen By LIEUTENANT SIDNEY DEGREY

Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

LD Jasper Thomas's O'course, you know, business has after they turn the bend, they seedog, I ofigger, was jest about as been a bit slow recent months, but the court house and they know rightly named "Trailer"as he tourists what stop at my shop to that this is the county seat. Old

could be, fer he'd trail old Jasper get their hair cut and get themEph Harwood wuz asked that so all over Evergreen. The livelyselves slicked up, tell me that it's many times that he has the anbird dog and Jasper, it jest seems, that-a-way all over the nation. swer afore they ask the question.

wuz alius together. You could There ain't a paper published Eph is so everlastin'ly hard of

hardly see one without seein'around here but we know what hearin'that he couldn't hear what tother. goes on 'cause Evergreen is right they said anyhow.

Wal, sir, you know, it wuz a on the transcontinental highway strange thing that brought Trailer and it's the county seat of Elk to Evergreen. The town of EverCounty, too. I've seed the tourMOST of the people

green, where I run a barber shop, ists get out their maps when they here is farmers. We've a cannin'

has a pop'lation of about seven stop here at Evergreen and ask plant and durin'the season some hundred souls, and it's a purty someone standin'by if this wuz strangers are put to work. Andprogressive settlement—I can say Evergreen, but they ain't long a then, too, Jabez Smith and his four

that without exaggeratin'a bit. findin* out fer shore, 'cause jest sons run a dairy close to town that

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 669

hires five men stiddy and a few critter all huddled up and seemin'she organized the first gal's rifle more when business conditions to be waitin'for his master to and pistol team at school and make it worth his while. Conrad come back and pick him up. When ever'body kinda liked her tomboy-

Olson moved here from Minnesota the dog spied Jasper, he walked ish ways.

four years back and started a up to him delightedlike and old She alius came home fer two butcher shop and he has done well Jasper patted his soft, flossy coat weeks at Christmas time to be with from the very start. Matilda and they wuz friends right away. her folks and to get in on the duck

Beckman has a good millinery Kindhearted old Jasper took the shootin'on the lake. So this cer-

'stablishment, which her Aunt homeless dog over to Conrad's tain season she came to Evergreen

Selina handed down to her, and meat market and saw to it that about two weeks afore Christmas

George Benson, son of old Abrahe had a square meal. and wuz goin'out to the lake

ham, who had a lot of learnin'There wuzn't nobody could about as often as the duck club it wuz would let her. O'course, ever'-in Kansas City, runs the drug store. separate them two—except,

The post office ain't very busy Mary Catherine, old Jasper's time she'd go, Trailer went along now, so Rube Kane takes care of daughter. I don't know how it with her and retrieved her shoot.

it his'elf. Hi Carter used to be wuz, unless she inherited it from Jasper couldn't alius go, 'cause he

a blacksmith but a few years back her dad, but Mary Catherine liked was justice of the peace and town he turned auto mechanic. Bein'all kinds of shootin', and I guess marshal and his business someon the highway, Hi picks up lots Trailer liked her for that reason. times kep'him from it. But you

of money from them as has their couldn't keep the dog from goin'autos go splutterfuss. In fact, I with the gal.

think Hi is about as prosperous ULD Jasper had sent Wal, sir, you know there wuz a citizen as lives in Evergreen. Mary Catherine to Kansas City to two of them army officers came

Wal, gettin'back to the dog. get some learnin'but she wuz a down from Fort Leavenworth,

'Bout the only way I could 'count lot different to most of them colhavin'heerd that there wuz some fer his bein'here wuz that he lege gals she mixed with there. shootin'a goin'on hereabouts,

must uv fell off a car passin* She took after Jasper a lot; had and, say, one of them wuz Lieuthrough Evergreen, and I 'found his mischievous brown eyes. When tenant Jackson. He looked fine,

that I wuz right. I'll tell you she laughed, and she wuz alius too, all slicked up in his uniform.

how it happened. laughin,'you could shore see old They figgered that the justice of

Jasper's laugh in her. She wuz the peace knowed how they could

o'slender, had auburnish hair get in on the shoot, and so they OsortNE of them army and wuz the purtiest gal in Evercalled on Jasper. Wal, o'course,

officers, a Lieutenant Jackson, wuz green. Leastways I alius thought Jasper told 'em you had to be a

a goin'through here with his dog so. She shore looked right smart member of the gun club afore you

a sittin'on the, runnin'board of when she was all decked out in could shoot, but bein'secretary of his car, and jest as he turned the her huntin'clothes. Ever since the club he could give 'em guest

bend to the left, the dog jest she wuz a little tot, Jasper took privilege and so he fixed them up keeled off. her with him a shootin'ducks, that-a-way.

I heerd that this officer wuz and the kid, she jest got to love it.

transferred from a post in WyThe other gals 'round here used omin'to Fort Leavenworth, up to say that she wuz a tornboy, J ASPER'S wife wuz in the north end of the state. They but she wuz shore there on gettin'dead, but recent years the Widder

say that while the young feller her limit of ducks. Clark had boarded him. O'course,

wuz in Wyomin'he up and When she went away to school, Jasper kep'house the best way he bought this dog from some could when his daughter wuz breeder who gave him some away, but the Widder Clark, fancy papers attestin'that he she wuz kinda sweet on him.

wuz a purebred and this dog, She mended his socks and suchhe shore did look like one, fer like, and she alius knowed the

I never seed a better Irish Wabest way to cook ducks—like

ter Spaniel in these parts, and his wife had done.

I have seed a lot of 'em 'cause Wal, Jasper up and invited these city sports come to the the officers the to shoot next fer duck Evergreen Club Gun mornin', days which was two the lake the shootin'on when afore his Christmas, with bring season is on, some and daughter Mary Catherine and purty slick dogs along with his'elf.

them to retrieve the ducks, y This here dog, Trailer, had a \|: It jest seemed that when

light smart head, full of curls, Lieutenant Jackson first seed with long ears and a livercol- Mary Catherine he couldn't ored coat that shone like sixty. help but take a likin'to her,

Wal, sir, you know Jasper but the funny part of it wuz wuz on his way to his office that the dog had somethin'in the court house, one freezin'to do with bringin''em tocold November mornin'when gether and I'll tell you how it he run across the poor little "Trailer of Evergreen'wuz.

670 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

Mind you, the lieutenant never perdicament. As fast as the little her wounds. They called old Doc'

knowed where he lost Trailer, but critter could, he run to Lieutenant Sprague but the gal, she wuz all when they wuz all ready to start Jackson, jest a barkin'fer all he right, 'cept she wuz exposed to in the mornin', Mary Catherine wuz worth. the cold so much that there wuz

called Trailer and what do you danger of somethin'goin'wrong think happened. Trailer made a afterward. The widder kep'her

bee line right straight to Lieuten- 1 HE officer jest couldn't in bed the next day and that night ant Jackson, jumped up on him Jigger what in tarnation wuz the she set up and everbody made it and barked as if he wuz tickled to matter, but when the dog jumped seem like Christmas Eve fer her, death. He hadn't fergot his old up and grabbed his arm and run 'specially the lieutenant. He was

master. Then Jasper 'splained to the same way he came, why then a talented chap. He played the

the officer how he had found the he knowed that he meant fer him widder's organ fer her and after dog and taken care of him ever to foller. So he run full speed supper the carol singers serenaded

since. O'course, the Lieutenant to where Mary Catherine lay, the them and they had a right nice

wuz glad to see his old dog, but dog a leadin'him all the way. time.

natchurly said that he wuz goin'He picked up the pore, waterWal, o'course, the next day, to leave him fer Jasper and Mary drenched gal as she wuz jest comin'Christmas, the lieutenant he jest

Catherine, 'cause he figgered the to, and rushed her to his sedan. up and proposed to Mary Catherdog rightly belonged to them. She wuz nearly froze when she ine and he hadn't finished angot there, but he wrapped the nouncin'it at dinner, afore old

blankets they brought with them Jasper got up and told 'em that 1 HEY all went to the 'round her and speeded up his he and the widder had decided to

Widder Clark's fer breakfast. She car, fast as he could to the Widder get married, too.

had her house all slicked up with Clark's house. So, we alius figgered hereabouts

Christmas decorations, such as holThe widder lost no time and that the lieutenant got two Christly and bells a hangin'all over. purty soon she had some of her mas gifts by comin'to Evergreen

The widder alius liked to make a own dry clothes on Mary Catherto shoot—Mary Catherine and hisshow 'round Christmas time. We ine, put her to bed, and dressed old dog.

—sociallike—andall liked her. She hadever'bodya big heartwuz

to her house,welcome piled Wal, they their guns, deCovered Waon Days coys and suchlike into Lieutenant [Continued from page 653]

Jackson's sedan. Jasper had borgolden spike at Promontory, Utah. any public place where their spirits

ried two more dogs. They drove Stirring music and miniature trains might hover it would be here.

out to the lake, Mary Catherine a bearing small passengers, made this The impressive services, presided sittin'in the front seat 'cause the scene distinctly impressive. over by H. J. Plumhof, were

officer had invited her to. participated in bymen of various

It ain't but 'bout four miles to THE final episode of the pageant creeds, all joining in sincere praise the lake and if the road ain't got represented our modern ideals, of the stalwart band of brave too much snow on it or ain't been the last scene opening with a dance hearted men and women who esfrozen, you can make it in 'bout by Miss Aida Broadbent, symboltablished this commonwealth.

fifteen minutes. izing the future of Utah. At the How little the latter imagined that

The blinds out there on the lake close of the dance Miss Pioneer some day thousands of people are 'bout two blocks 'part from and her attendants advanced to the would gather undisturbed to honor one another. Tullies were put center of the stage, followed by them and their deeds!

all pits so the'round to they had flags, finally soldiers bearing and are this as celebrations CUCH theirdo to out put decoys wuz field the to bands, marching by on incalculable capable of an fer the ducks. waitand Mary all joined the chorus with where outof good. amount Among theCatherine blind took she wuz in singing Star Spangled "The interest siders intense arouse they at to used far the end;most LieuBanner."

state the in history of our andtenant Jackson, he to next her wuz there one and was who No in tremendous felt awake sympathy Jasper then otherand the and army spirit the heroes those of dauntless tragic the circumstances whichofficer.

forget will ever the picture of that for this a valley such haven made sir, gettin'every one Wal, was finale. flymartial music, the The those harassed wanderers.a fer shoot, reason, but good some

flags, brilliant ing the costumes important however, of all, Most so Catherine lucky, wuzn'tMary all to fireworks, and combined is result the gained our among figgeredshe better she'd over move to 'nother blind. She wuz walkmake an impression that will enown membership. No descendant

ing along to the next one, when dure as long as the memory of of the pioneers could witness a pioneers. struggles of their or demonstrationall fell the of She a sudden-—blooey! Divine services concluded the hear tales of their hardships withinto an old sink box that wuz

jest coated with water and when week of festivities. It was fitting out thrilling with a determination

she fell, she hit her right knee and that they should be held in the to carry on the ideals for which her forehead so hard that it Tabernacle, although they were they paid so high a price.

knocked her unconscious. nonsectarian. This building and "Dream, O Youth! Dream

Now, that dog, Trailer, he wuz its great organ were planned and nobly, dream manfully...."

right close by her and he seed her built by pioneers and if there were—R. J. C.

ASermon on a w\ Watermelon By ORA LEWIS And her husband sails a boat What do you believe?"

Back and forth down the Danube Well,

AY, I was thinking more about those RiverSSpeaking here to Budapest... watermelons of preaching From

The best sermon I ever preached If you want to Than I was about preaching a lifeIn my the to dock sermon you We'll with go. a watermelon. a sermon onWas pretty blunt- I out blurted And tomorrow

... fooling... noHonest I like, guess, to bring if can't see get him we To

believe in God, things "O, we those of blamed one you

It was 'long about You don't seem to think you can And we believe men will be like the middle of July. go on living without."him someday

I'd been in Germany a whole year. If they work hard enough

I got to thinking about home and So next morning And that means they have to havewatermelontime, We went down to the docks good minds—

And about how I used to go out And met the lady and her husband. And so we believe in study and

in the melon patch He sort of chuckled to himself travel...And pick out a big green fellow when we told him what we And good bodies—

that plunked just right, wanted And that means we believe in

And break it over my knee; But he said, "Sure, eating good food

And then take out the heart and I'll bring you back a couple of And taking exercise, and not diseat it, dozen, if you'd like."sipating,And then pick out another—a And not smoking or drinking, ornice, big juicy one—1 HEN we talked awhile to his doing things like that."

And another wife And when I said that

Until I was so full About the weather and what not She looked at me mighty funny-

I could have busted from bliss... And all the time like

And, like I say, She was smoking cigarettes And I was glad about that time

I got to thinking about it So fast I couldn't tell when she to see the boats come in....

And talking about it left off one

Until the members in the branch And started another. Well, we got our watermelons

there So I said to the good old brother And I'll swear I never tasted anyThought I had water—I mean I'm afraid she wouldn't make a so good.

watermelon on the brain. very good "Mormon."

Finally one of the good old broth- "No,"he said, "I'm afraid not. Next morning when we went to

ers said to me She smokes from twentyfive to church "The only place I know of to get thirty a day."All the members had a good laugh

watermelons And then we left. over us...

Is in Budapest."But I didn't care much.

"Well,"I said, Next night I was too busy thinking about "Just how far is Budapest?"We went down to the dock again that lady.

"Oh,"he said, "only a couple of And watched the boats come in Because there she was sitting on countries away."And we talked to the man's wife, the back row

"Pretty far to go for a couple of And she said, "Say, Drinking in every word we had to watermelons,"I said. Who are you anyway"? say.

And I said, "Why lady, 1 ES, you're right. We're missionaries."YV HEN the meeting was over

But I'll tell you what 'That's funny,''she said, She came up

My wife and I know a lady... "I thought you were. [Continued on page 687]

672 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

"Jesus exhibits to us, not merely the celestial spirit and the transcendent purity Greatness in Men which have seemed to be divine, but he [Continued from page 642] shows us every endowment of humanity its best. If discourses parables at his andhaps we meet them not and do of Alexander Macedon, Columbus

ascribed to us of with had come no mark recognize them. die to For a of forand others man were men who I sure their divinity authorship, on am

a pigmy might have been who a tunate made greatly the highest given should have them we fame—men

all literature precious of places in the of giant a tragedy. seems events Great famous by achievements,

bring forth great men. When Fort The historian's test of greatness theimaginationworld. toWhatreasonotherin poetformshassojoinedperSumpter was fired upon U. S. is not what a man accumulates for fect, with effects so simple, so powerful,

Grant was keeping books in a himself, not what he builds up so beautiful, to ends so exalted, as Jesus.

leather store for $75.00 per month. that will tumble down after him, inwhatthe otherparablesphilosophyby which ofhe lifetaught?has FrommanHis generalship was not discovered not what forces he commands by kind received so much light, so much leaduntil the great war was well under which to ravage the face of the ing, so much help, as from these parables

the of the sayings Master, and and from scourge but rather men; and and the greatnessway his of heart earth

his the of to questioning answers from better, did did he the world makewas discovered not until reached he foes? followers other and words What

Appomatox Court House where he he start men thinking along new that letters have preserved for us are so in yet with so simple meaning, accompact lines?displayed and constructive Any a nobility and a magutterance, straight the so to their purpose, lead standard will all mennanimity toward General that cepted Lee is so entirely It waste? only without

challenged the admiration of all ultimately to Jesus of Nazareth as slight record that we have, of a few pas-a his countrymen. the expression of exalted and persages in the brief life of the great teacher

of occasions on few measure -—notes the and George Washington manhood'might have fected in his four forms, from lips—repeatedwhat fell 1S determined of a11 men s Sreatness allremained variations possibly a with little and from modest but provincial

source. If these gosfour throw wegentleman b had not a combination t! ie nearness of their aPProach onepels one, into canceling repetitions, the to Him.of circumstances brought out the all talk the that have of we may we know

*.strength * little. in, a Jesus of nobility printed and, pamphlet. his, of char- a 1S. rly tively it is! a bit literature wonderful of What acter revealed and his?Iea matchless Tand,TTTCTHIS as revelation, literature, as there but Not this set Larned,by frth, m leadership.

is else in so small the nothing mountainthe Master:, estimate of t i / heaps so of that nearly our holds books TLincoln might 1have remained

as a Jesus upon look "Whether we else in nothing so unerring much; undiscovered not had the tragedy incarnate, as figure, or purely God human in thought, feeling, pure in so rich so

of a terrible war revealed the we are generally of one mind in acknowlimagination, so perfect in the beauty of strength and sweetness of his charedging that the conceivable man without simple speech.

life. is If his represented in we blemish acter clearness the and capacity "Intellectually, and then, as as well morally, perfected a as the of huaccept type him

ideal is a of perfected fulour hisof humanity thinking. ideal entertain huof manity, no can we

filled Jesus. less in he was Nor comtype. that mutilates greatness which man Lastly, great motives purand plete side that his on nature of human rating excessive not does an imply Thisposes its dauntless gave should which energy be the the to inspiration for in these attributes attributes for of moral

great mission performed. he paCalmly,great endeavor. as others to proportioned only were Jesus

tiently, faltering, with fear, no no no to in acevery of be they ought man acknowledged "The great poets passion, straight he went to the end on greatness. habit of knowledged By of to what do, he the had exemplifyingare the poets exercised have who associate exclusively so thought him we

perfection energy, of the of perfectiona ideals religion of surpassing of emotions with and idealism of mind upon the courage, perfection of will."* that are lose purity sight to apt moral wesubjects are that fully of worthy

attribute perfections his in every other of their powers, to ends that make of mind. of *Study in Greatness Men.

the most of their gifts."

TF dominating the lives of many x men of acknowledged capacityhad been a spirit of righteousness PIONEERS[Continued from page 640] they would be given places of TTHE coming of the "Mormon"of unsurpassed courage, but with honor in the gallery of the great. 1 Pioneers into the Salt Lake tender hearts where acts of mercy

If Washington had yielded to the valley, and the colonization policy were required, as was often the importunities of some of his comwhich sent them into Idaho, Necase. I have seen them face danger

patriots to become the military vada, Arizona and other adjacent with the courage of Spartans, and dictator of America his glorious states was not a thing of chance, perform acts of mercy with the career would have been irreparably They were not a body of aimless gentleness of women. Profoundly

blemished. If Alexander of Macewanderers, going without purpose, religious, they held in reverential

don, Augustus Cassar, Hernando they knew not whither. They respect the religion of others.

Cortez, Napoleon Bonaparte and were a company of intelligent, edThey were not egotists whose others had likewise been animated ucated men and women, principal- v }s ion was confined to their own by lofty and unselfish motives ly of New England extraction, restricted environment. All they

they would have merited places thoroughly organized, the peers of asked was to be left to their own among the men of exalted fame. any of their time, going to a desfaith and occupation, leaving

The measure of man's greatness tination which had been carefully others to worship as they chose.

cannot be determined by the things decided upon, for the accomplish They were not Pharisees who he does. Gutenberg's contribument of a divine ideal. magnified the faults of others,

tion to printing required no very They were men of few words, while blind to their own impergreat genius but the consequences these tillers of the soil and silent fections, but men who, acknowlwere tremendous. And so with riders of the hills and plains, men edging their own weakness, spread

The Improvement Era for September', 1931 673

the mantle of charity over those me, both by precept and example, time, and was firmly determined of their fellows. They were just that I must defraud no man, not to resume its use.

brave plainspoken men, who worthough the thing may be small.

shiped God and served their felThey taught me the fundamentals 'T'HIS example is unusual because low man. of integrity, industry, and econo- * of the complete change of attimy, truths as fundamental today tude of the gentleman involved,

'T'HESE men were my teachers, as they were in the beginning of but there were numerous cases of

A the guardians of my youth. time, and they will remain so men and boys who threw away

They taught me faith in a living throughout eternity. their tobacco after seeing the disGod, and service to him; that This is the heritage which the play, and credited their conversion

he is the same good heavenly "Mormon"Pioneers bequeathed to the things they had seen and

Father that he has ever been, to to me, and all others who would learned.

bless and direct those who put receive their teaching. From the

their trust in him. They taught depths of my soul I thank and These results were most gratime loyalty to my country, and bless them for that which they fying, quite naturally, to those

obedience to its laws. They taught gave to me. who had given the idea of such an

exhibit its fulfillment by their intelligent and thoroughly efficient

(dimeasured, not be of course its wholeor exactly, but Word of Wisdom Exhibit rectlywork. Its consequent good can

[Continued from page 649] some and uplifting influence has already spread into the homes and there is no conflict between true his entire congregation to see it. communities whence its visitors

science and true religion. These Another gentleman, rather skepcame, and is there bearing fruit.

two sources of truth have ever tical by nature, wandered into the been equally regarded by Latterdisplay and rather boasted that The counsel and promise of the day Saints, for which reasons no he had been an addicted smoker, Lord were emphasized, who said rift has ever entered this Church but that it had never hurt him a that this Word of Wisdom was over the alleged incompatibility of bit. When he saw the apparatus not a hard taskmaster for which

man's research and discovery and for psychological and physiologifacts its disobedience might be exthe revealed Word of God. The cal experimentation, he challenged cused; but on the contrary that it

harmonious truths taught in this the guide to show him that he had is "Adapted to the capacity of the exhibit demonstrated more clearly been injured in any way by the weak and the weakest of all Saints, than ever, that any real truth dishabits of his life. who are or can be called Saints;"

says, further as given, "For he and sustain, will andcovered by man his In compliance wish, with that promise,"principle a with as retruth the contravenenever he the taken various through was all Saints being; promise "Andvealed the Almighty, by tests experiments a and with young keep to and do remember who exhibit, the thousands During at picked from Man, random M in obedisayings, these walking distributed wereof pamphlets present, so that comparative others shall to the ence commandments,

this point drive home:which taken. be scores nonmight The navel, their and receive in health

the of Wis- "Science and Word given the disadvantage was smoker shall their bones: to and marrow little leaflet is splendid a firstdom"at various the each being of of treasures great find and wisdom of the L. Oaks, Dr. Westonby tests, his so that had companion treaseven hidden of knowledge

its It caused B. U. many Y. the advantage having of added shall be ures; and not run and

at the forthreaders to marvel test before each he observed was shall not walk weary, and and of the of Wisdom,coming it. Word together given went They I, faint. give the unto Lord And discoveries of the subsequentand the experithe of through whole the destroythat promise, a them physicist the chemist whichthe and their careresults ments, were and as shall angel pass them, ing by

its truth. endorse unreservedly fully tabulated. scored and When Israel, children not of the and

they were through it was found

TTLE appeal of this educational habitual abstainer that the had a slay them."

* undertaking went far beyond 50% higher score than the other. It is of course always regretthe pale of the Church. A large The latter was amazed at the retable that the number of people

percentage of the thousands of vissults, and said he had never dreamwho can see such an exhibit is itors were non-"Mormons,"and ed that he had been hampering essentially limited. In this case,

they gave unstinted praise to the himself as the experiments showed however, the information used is quality of the thing they saw, and he further that done; and he had stake, or available to ward, any directly to converted weremany cease a user to be forthwith would the exthe Church, and branch of of Wisdom. the Word interesting to tobacco. of And

An interesting sidelight on the know is that some time after the hibit might well and profitably be affair was the fact that a nonend of the exhibit, he told one reproduced, on a smaller scale, in "Mormon"minister, residing and of those who had helped give him the various parts of the Church, ministering in Salt Lake City, afthe tests that his resolve had been where it would unquestionably reter himself visiting the display, no idle gesture, but that he had sult in the blessing of all those openly and enthusiastically urged indeed quit using tobacco at that whom it reached.

Glancing, Through Summaries of Outstanding, Magazine Articles"

By'ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

The Art of HitchHiking the chances of getting a ride, for baggage frequently is a decided inconBy HUGH HARDYMAN venience, and the very appearance of (New Republic for July 31, 1931) bulkiness will discourage a driver. On the desert, never carry water.

Put a couple of lemons in your pocket summer there has come if you will, 'but remember that noWITHagain that peculiar Americar will pass you up on the heat of can phenomenon—the a desert road if you are obviously

hitchhiker, who yearly rides whenwithout water. The hardestboiled

ever he wants to go, in spite of auto driver will enjoy saving your life when club warnings to members, state laws he discovers you to be so ignorant against begging rides, and tourists'and innocent as to start out over a tales of holdups. sunbaked desert trail without a drink!

A good hiker can average three hundred miles a day in Western America and about two hundred and fifty The Good and Bad in in the East, providing he stays on the American Education main highways and keeps out of big cities. This is better time than the By GUY STANTON FORD

driver the for make, driver cantourist is to (Current History foe July, 1931) forced also weary, andbecomes while visitor supplies, a foreign for repairs of and statementstop in at the there are leave that can the effect first THEtothe hitchhiker sign of delay and seek a new car. America the poorest schools and the

the still in expert is true, travelers have for become best quite weThese faster, travel generally cars and such isolated, letting slowselections, inadequate, totally ofart prevalent making are drivers glad of often such comsales- the traveling schools, trucks and andlydriven country unsupervised is driver sort of pany. The who stops higher frequent of institutions illmanned make must whomen lifts sigto give willing need be not fast for library a wait lack proper by. whlich learningpass They them the nalled of turn mere madly—a the facilities; ground cover can more laboratory and on whichmachine and

hikers'expectant look an and head less welldevelopedin time. have hand, other we

is his face the driver enough, and on experimental progressive schools, rural such for essential equipment The idea. feels car his the that was A magnifischools, and wellmanaged is toothrazor, a simple, beinghiking is a car a driven for no by woman some highschools cently and housed for clothing, cleanbrush, soap and it get for hitchhiker, into will often

faculexcellent colleges splendid with invitations getsthe hitchhiker who accidifficulties, if serious not minor trainties for opportunities great and is one. clean ride the shavento and is dents. satistraveling not Weekend

ing. easy, in be not bathtubsBathing may families entire are factory, for out on

but swimming is, and the wise hiker vacation rides, and cars are full. SunIn this welter of differing types of

makes use of every opportunity for day is an almost hopeless day for institutions, variety and vagary have this, knowing full well that a grimy getting rides. often been mistaken for progress, but

and bearded walker looks tough, and A coastto-coast trip after this fashreal progress in our educational systhe passing motorist will be fearful ion can be made in less than two tem has been all too sporadic and to pick him up, lest he either rob weeks, with luck, and at a cost of individual. Horace Mann in Massahim or leave vermin in the car. under $20. This of course necessichusetts, Bilbo in Mississippi, Eliot

A large pack is not a helpful thing, tates sleeping out of doors in good in Harvard, Gilman at Johns Hopfor it gives the impression that one weather, but this is not unpleasant, kins, Van Hise in WisJconsiin and is out on purpose to hike, and not for an accelerated pace just before Russel in Teachers'College, has each walking from necessity. A small suitlying down practically assures imput his mark upon the one institution,

case is better, for it seems to more easimediate and deep sleep, and in case and thence on many, for students, ly open the hearts of drivers, and is it is cold, most roads are flanked with going into other schools, have carried quite adequate to meet the space needs fields in which plenty of sticks for into them the influence of these men.

required for towels, shoepolish, clothfuel are to be found. Old railroad In the last few decades, something

ing, etc. A goodsized book is exties make splendid fires, for they hold has happened to the American educacellent, for it disarms suspicion. Gunhot coals until almost morning. Sleeptional world which had to happen

men are not noted for carrying books, ing out on the ground is a truly because of the tremendous increase in and the driving public seems inclined refreshing experience, and a person the mass of pupil material. Efficiency

to trust a man who reads. will be surprized at the new life in had to be developed to meet the situaIn choosing automobiles, those his veins the morning after. tion, and so educational institutions

with solitary drivers are best, for Cooking utensils, blankets or any were forced to adjust or fail, and unnecessarily heavy impedimenta deadjust they did, in matters of budgets *Used by permission of publishers. creases the fun of hiking, and lessens and housing, curricula and administraThe Improvement Era for September, 1931 67i

tion. And the fact that there is a to the needs of the qualified student? The Joys of Pessimism

less experimental or things more cheap the rate Many mortality amongheavy RICE By ELMER truly things a few and and novel, which, institutions, tawdryand for July, 1931) latter, have (Forum so far, basic. of the Most given been have inadequate,though

from emanated precious is in four wastingthe privilege of THERE

Eliot, who lives prejudice towardsyears and of young of the men the Unitedoptimism—-theStates a four men—Charlesmore or lessW. directly

women, is hopeful. laid great stress on the student and Keep Smiling, Boost, Don't Knock,

The real criteria of educational prohis individual interests and abilities; The Sky's the Limit, Watch My

gress pertains to the vital forces Woodrow Wilson, who sought to esSmoke, For he's a Jolly Good Felteacher and student. The rest, the tablish between teacher and student low, There's a silver lining 'neath the

mechanical parts, are important only more inspiring relationships; William Dark Cloud Shining, Pack up your

as they provide for and facilitate the James and G. Stanley Hall, who unTroubles in your Old Kit Bag sort of

study and analysis and,application derstood the need to recognize inoptimism. The optimist, in public

of the principles of the good life. dividual differences. fancy, is genial and plump, has a

a while laugh eye merry and bright eduthe really of worthwhile their One faculties and considering In is lean, dyspeppessimist gloomy, the atis cational one experiments which education, part in for theirequipment insomnia. to given tic and of years to the first tempts two make which items half a dozen arethere

indicate progress. First is the fact a fouryear course in college broadly The point of this article, written by

that in spite of their specialization, cultural, and generally preparatory by a pessimist who is free from indigesthey are becoming more and more offering courses on different levels for tion and inclined to stoutness, is to conscious of their responsibilities as freshmen and sophomores in the fields clear up a few popular misconceptions a professional group. They have of social sciences, biological science, regarding pessimism. He has been

been forced out of their ruts and are physical science and the humanities. happily married for 15 years (he is

studying the values of what they are After 3 months, the student desigespecially pessimistic about marriage doing. That selfsearching which is nates one field as his particular choice in general) and has a couple of dethe constant inward light of every for intensive study, and all his work lightful children who do not in the

individual teaidheir has been (turned along this line is carefully watched, least seem to feel that their father on them collectively, on every angle tested and evaluated. If one does not is a killjoy. He does not look sourly

of what the school as an institution make sufficient progress here, he into the faces of all he meets, for they is doing. The spirit of inquiry is changes to another, until the work have tired, drawn faces—the faces of

creeping into the problems and new to which he is best suited is found. optimists who are worn out with the

social situation of the day, and such From there on he goes forward rapideffort of hurrying to find something a spirit is more effective and productive ly and with benefit. splendid and jolly which can turn

pessiIf they beautifully. out were of good than an order from the Presiex- vigor of such and The variety

is that there mists think they would dent. inis encouraging and perimentation

Next, teaching and research have finitely more promising than the fornothing in particular worth chasing, taken on new dignity and found mer deadly inertia which was a part and would stop running about in greater opportunities because of enof school programs. The same methsearch of it and would have time to sit

dowed educational foundations which ods will not work in all schools, and down and relax and have time to have provided financial support for for this reason constant thought and smile instead of just talking about programs in educational research. study must go on. Certain colleges smiling. (In the very young, perBenefiting by them have been such are now becoming important for their petual smiling denotes colic; in the

fields as the preschool child, art eduvarious accomplishments in different very old, senility; in between, it is an

cation, public health and other stanfields, and others are fast gaining excellent device for showing off good dards. They have provided scholarrecognition. white teeth.)

opportunities a pesgiven have that ships idea which deeplyrooted The in emphasized to be thing Tbjg one mind, rare creative to the wheregloom, life for training is steeped in simist's all them is that of with connection in art, letters and the sciences. what they do in a specific way should as an optimist's is one grand sweet

Another factor is the growing not be imitated, but that others might song, is patently absurd. When a

strength of nationally associated well try to imitate their spirit of inman who looks only at the bright side schools, where a consideration of adquiry, their methods in bringing about of things fails to find a bright side, ministrative problems goes hand in unity of executives and faculty. Thus he must be wretched, while the fellow

hand with those of teaching and scholthey will better discharge their obligawho scarcely believes there is a bright arship. They have been of great value ti6n to students. side receives an agreeable surprise every

in leveling standards, for the equal time he stumbles onto one.

protection of public, teacher and stuThe mere contemplation of all that dent. There have also developed the goes into the life of an optimist is

beginning of the great educational enough to make one shudder. To

field of the next quarter century be looking always for something to adult education. turn up, for the pot of gold at the

Colleges are not created for faculend of the rainbow, for good times ties, but for students. What of them? ahead and something just around the

First, there are too many of them corner, for Lady Luck and the divinity who enter without seriousness, with that shapes our ends, for ships to come four regular the than be an optimist anyone aim can other no in—how

study such only strain? with the years survive of fun, as is and

absolutely necessary. The social waste But take your confirmed pessimist!

for education college in providing have one never those who should is Heexceptdoes thenot dailylook forjoy anythingof living.in lifeA

matched only by the need that procloud is not the excuse for a silver vision be made for the 25 % of capalining, but for rain and probable ble highschool graduates who cannot pneumonia. Believing that there is no

go to college because of poverty. intelligence or courtesy among motorGiven, however, present conditions, ists, he watches red lights and then

what are we doing to adapt education [Continued on page 689]

The Tapestry of Life Impressions Ashes for Beauty

By Elsie C. Carroll By Linda S. Fletcher By Beatrice K. Ekman

down the mountain trails OcWHEN a of plain DryLand web years Fields brown Wheat tober's breezeUPON

I weave Life's Tapestry. chill trees the Sweeps through with touched to matchless gold TJILLS tintsThe and shades that make the breath; her upon Midashand of industry. By woof Xx gifts Are from to me. God slender leaves aspen the The maple and

Change their green hue for a more

Within the heap from which radiant dress. I choose The Canadian Rockies The strands to loom fit my Their yesterdays of summer time are done

Are threads of finespun silk and wool; Duchesses in green velvet, And nights of biting frost their verdure

Some dyed in flowers'bloom. Regally greeting the traveler, sears.

Wearing tiaras of stargems, They drop into the ages leaf by leaf

Within portly around the heap shoulders lie Drawing there also in dust through the relentless To rest of pearly Some wefts cloudThe softness ermine. of somber hue; years.

And I must choose the lights and shades May not a memory of the nesting birds shuttleAs passes my through. their in sheltering mated That cool and Deseret The Dancer

shade At I choose but strands of green.. twittered at. content dancer And Phantom the dawn the of wasteland,

velvet rosyAndfirst hues. their rest? scarves Twirling of misty rosehue

With here and there a purple thread, 'Gainst the golden veiled skyblue, May not a. memory of the harvest moon

And touches of soft blues. At the Sultan Sun's command Remain with them that gave their beauty's

And then I hunt the colors warm Noiselessly she comes, advancing Whenbest,they quiescent lie in somberness?

Bright crimsons, orange, gold, Dervishlike, whirling so madly

With silver sheens and russet glows. In abandon, giving gladly

I shun thre&ds dark or cold. All she has unto her dancing. A Sonnet to Nature

But as I weave my pattern in Rising now to the starspaces, By Florence D. Cummings

With all these colors bright, Treading on, she eager presses late I stood where Nature reigned I cannot make my figures clear; Nearer to her lord's caresses OF supreme,

The picture is not right. Bids farewell to desert places. The handiwork of God's creative plan;

Where towered crags, and mighty torrents

Reluctantly I turn again ran;

To the heap of mixed thread. Where brightest colors, like an artist's

I see the somber shades I need, dream

But I pick them out with dread. Of gorgeous vibrant tapestry, did seem

To paint in purples, reds, and golden tan, surely, surely such dark hues On the Hills With subtle blending never reached by man

Will spoil the lovely thing Each terraced hillside and each bank of 1 want to weave within my loom. By Guy E. Coleman stream.

I wa,nt eternal spring.

marveled. soul did thrill very And my tints the vale Autumn ARTIST awe, wondering straightway of WithI and was all itsWith Timpanogos gladdening light and love,

attuned Its oblations his rich spreads songs on the And he and laughter gay.

I It worshiping. almost seemed To hills. not I do its want beauty spoiled

swooned tints of cloudtoned sunset addWith threads of black and grey. Tender

In ecstasy, so did my being fill their splendor, pain, sweetest speechthat held With me rills. rises softly the But though Mystic from music I try and try again,

less, still, picture will notMy grow

In tribute to the skill. Artist's Master Into the beauteous strength and in I want of the wea,ve oak wonder There is

Until my shuttles throw aspen Carpeting the steeps in patterns deft, diSonnet vine, Across the web some threads so dark

I shudder at their gloom. There is beauty blushing in the crimsoned By Christie Lund

Io!When the picture I have ceased to miss you, dear,That rest within my loom.is complete Naturetapestriesmaples, of exquisite design. WHENI know

I shall be glad, oh, very, very glad

It took the strands of darkness There's a charm of lavish color in wild For all the happy hours we have had

To show to God and me gardens, Those priceless hours e'er you chose to go,

Howmuch of strength and brightness Magic when the mellow moon of harvest When life was rich and wonderful; and

Was in my tapestry. shines; oh,

And my soul is stirred to tenderest de- I shall cling on almost religiously votions To all my precious husks of memory:

When I hear the Voice Eternal through Each little thing that made me love you

Dry Farms the pines. I shall beso.glad because I have grown wise,

There is harvest far more beautiful, O And I have learned that happiness is rare

Vesta P. Crawford farmer And some souls never find it. In their

PATCHED old they are, the sombre Than thestorehousegolden hoardfills; which all your Will alwayseyes be the dream of one to care

sage, There is more gold, O miner of the As you have cared for me so brief a

Hollows of light in the swales. mountains time...

Blazing spots where the desert has waked There is grandeur, glory, God there on Though now this lone Gethsemane is

In shimmering gilt on the dales! the hills. mine.

SHI—LTH By ADAH R. NAYLOR

'Tie JOY of Satisfyingquite as importantthe hungeras forwhatfoodwe iseat.a

EATING manysidedwife who considersproblemit anda projectthe houserather than a task will find the preparation interesting food work, will and inof comes being human take pleasure in serving atmeals soEVERY that "blindfold,"this world to tractively all that the members of the is, of remembrance without family realize will "the eatjoy of But the future. of knowledge orpast ing."

great of a number within him hashe urges or hungers that become the driving forces of his life; hunger for food, Autumn Fruits

for hunger knowledge, forhunger fruitcanning is season HTHE now first etc. hunger Thecompanionship, in * full swing. The Autumn greatest itself, the and manifeststhat fruits, sweet juicy, and fresh from is the hunger forces, driving all theof the trees, should be preserved in sevdie. eat or we must food.for We eral different ways stored and for earthly body taken an has soulThe the winter. of the One things to a journey of making purpose thefor

is beware of over cooking long cookif this period this world andthrough ing destroys the flavor. is There successful is a to happy, be livingof withlittle their meal swallow appointment, danger of bottled fruit spoiling thrive and grow, the mustone, body it smells. tastes or if of thought out how bottles the tops and are thoroughly functions certain perform to ablebe and bouquet, or an have aroma heated, Foods is care and fill taken to the be might for food thatso hunger digestive calls smell out sense the bottles full, of eliminate air bubbles and live."Physto will soul'scalled "the in part important juices that seal play an tight.

thing. a joyous beical should living food. digesting Then, of the eating and a vessel; Use heavy cooking cover "Saul"has in his poemBrowning eating state while too, of the mind to retain steam, fruit at cook and sing boy, shepherd the youngDavid, digestion. All with to has do much moderate temperature. fruit All pleasearthly sense of keen man's be should unpleasantness discord and peeled should be silver a with knife, life, is the man's goodofures—'"How meals, nor family banished from steel as a knife will it. discolor Peel enumerates some living!"he andmere a discussion foods there of should be a only small quantity at time, a and joys. theof appreciacan an be and at as once, cook standing fruit causes diets—there * * living pool's water in a plunge"A a discussion of tion without of food to darken.

And the meal, the rich dates yellowed what is good for you and what is over with gold dust divine, bad. Too much attention should not Pears in steeped locustflesh theAnd that small the to the paid the be amount

* * * pitcher eat. girl or or not may, boy may pears are all- a delightful n the riverchan- dried sleep in theAnd attention, if love Children and Johnny food. can be They ANNEDyearround tell nel, bulrushes where certain learns to eat refusing that by served for breakfast as or a dessert, to go warthe water wont wasThat center the foods he can become of and they the make best fruit salad softly well."bling so and takes attention often unconsciously he If known. one has plenty jars, of

But if physical joys are to last the pose of not caring to eat. It they are nice canned whole. Peel

that for granted taken be age,, are should each leaving there to old youth stemthrough take core out on—then at least will eat the family of membercertain obeyed. be at blossom laws must which end. in tightly Cook

The hunger for food if rightly satis- a small portion of everything that covered vessel, and place in jars withfied, gives health and strength, but is served—a child's eating habits are out crowding.

woe to him who indulges in "forentirely a matter of training. Very Served as a salad the centers may be

bidden fruits"or allows hunger to small children are not given the food filled with various things, chopped is that served evening generally at an passion!become an allconsuming walnuts The and ripe raisins-—chopped are table to the meal, if brought and tofor and be merry "eat, laugh olives mixed with salad dressing

morrow we die"attitude of mind likely to spend their time making a minced pineapple and Brazil nutspossible so that whenever brings misdisturbance, of disease,soon its reward or kind most any of cheese—waterelse- comfortable they should be made death. eat, laughery and cress cut fine We should and mixed with mayonrelax- cannot be There much be merry, with the idea of where. butand a naise delicious makes filling—and if, ation for the of the head house dying.living doing, not and watercress also as a garbe used may

while he carves the roast, he must nish.

Family Meals highkeep hischair,foot leston thehe rungrock ofover,Junior'sand Whole Pears a interesting cannot be very the evemother especially meals, Pears be whole, withcooked mayFAMILY if dinner she spend companion must a ceremony ning meal, should be out the core, removing the but stem a part of her restraining time theat family of each which member the should retained. If be red peppersmall daughter, to wishes put who dressed,appears, properly and washed is mint in used place candy sugar, of

plate her rite her sacred -z head on part. table a takescombed, and it The gives a lovely color, a flavor and

all children the age between one of laid, correctly well theshould be food that a nice makes them addition to insist years and two performing. on served, nicely thencooked and and the course, especially roast meat lamb

tasted and enjoyed. Some members The surroundings in which we eat or ham.

of the family, hurrying away to an and the manner in which we eat are [Continued on page 690]

PRIESTHOODAll Metchizedek Priesthood material is prepared under QUORUMSthe direction of the Council ot the Fwelve.

i<V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepare I under the direction of the Prestdma Htshopnt S\

The Lord Says—Tobacco is not good for man, but for bruises and sick cattle.

lie in you at "You know, I thought it was wonHow a Newsboy Felt About It The reason does not all. You are the same in both cases. derful that your boys and young men

T LIKE to recall my experience with It lies rather in the one from whom take such a prominent part in your -L a little newsboy. your commission comes. And the religious services.

call the you at wife stood and I west difference in those persons would My the read boys—prieststhey the in of comthe the Hotel Utah,door that the authority, the dignity, be them?—how"Those olderbeautifully

pany of a most distinguished American elevation of office are greater in the sacramental service! And those smaller

and his wife. one case than in the other. boys—deacons I think you said they We were talking about the Gospel Apply this to the Priesthood. were—how quietly and with what

of Christ as taught by the Latterday Your calling or commission as a order and dignity they went about

Saints. Somebody said something deacon, a teacher, or a priest comes their work.

about the Priesthood, and mention from God, not from man, however "I think it is marvelous that boys was made of the fact that in this great he may be. are permitted to conduct any part

Church all men may make themselves Now, God is the Creator of all of a religious service. It is so bracing

worthy to hold the Priesthood. Some things. He is all powerful. He is to every one. You know, in myone remarked—perhaps my wife—worshiped not only by the poor and church there is nothing like that, and

that even the boys after a certain age lowly of this earth, but by kings and I do wish there were."

hold the Priesthood. nobles, rulers and philosophers, and It was perfectly true that the whole

Just then a little lad came along wise men everywhere. service performed by the boys on that

the sidewalk, calling out the afternoon This is no doubt the reason the occasion was beautiful.paper—"Deseret News! Deseret psalmist said hundreds of years ago: An older man directed everything.

News!""I had rather be a doorkeeper in At his signal the blessing on the bread

On the spur of the moment I said: the house of my God than to dwell and on the water was given, the dea-

"Perhaps that little boy holds the in the tents of wickedness."cons rose and separated, and then rePriesthood."turned and sat down. It was under

I called him to me. He thought I What You Do Is jOften Seen his training also that the deacons had

was a tourist about to buy a paper. kept their arms folded, had marched

I said: "Are you a 'Mormon,'my SUNDAY or two ago a stranger together back to the sacramental table,boy?"A visited one of the Sacrament meetand had then dispersed to their seats

He straightened up, put his heels ings in a Salt Lake City ward. He among the congregation.

together, looked me in the eye, and was there as a tourist, curious to know No wonder the visitor had been said: I am. how the "Mormons"conduct their impressed.

"Do you hold the Priesthood?"religious worship.

"Yes, sir; I hold the Priesthood."After the services were over, he comFind This Out

He gave the salute of the Scout. "I mented on what he had seen and

am a deacon."heard, particularly on what he had P)0 You know the answers to these

There was the fearlessness of the seen, to the local friend who had taken *-'questions?

child, the pride of his possession, him there. He said: ( 1 ) Who is the bishop of your

though underward? Who

standing only are his counseas a child, lors?

dimly, the (2) Just meaning, the why should spirit and the the bishop vastness of this have charge of latter - day the Lesser cause. -—Dr. Priesthood in

John A. Widtthe ward?

soe. Why Pay

Honor and Tithes Trust "C VERY man Whyyouwouldcon- I—'facingof inevitus Is

sider it a greatable and eterer honor to be nal bankrupttrusted with cy, except as a commission he invests his from the Preslife and his ident of the treasure i n United States something than from, say, The Susquehanna River spiritual; for

the mayor of On whose banks the Aaronic Priesthood was restored to Joseph Smith only spiritual your town? and Oliver Co wdery by John the Baptist. things can

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 679

abide forever. The only permanent The tithe of one's income to the

values in the world are spiritual values. Lord is not a charity, it is one's first

not up said, "Lay so our Lord And pressing and most debt of debt—a earth,"treasures for yourselves upon honor. distinction tithe that the The

where you must inevitably give them is distinctly a debt and not a gift up in a little while, "but lay up for should never be lost sight of. You do

yourselves treasures in heaven,"where not "give"your banker the interest you can enjoy them throughout countyou owe him nor "give"your grocer less millenniums. the amount of his bill. Yet neither

Over and over again in the revelaone is more of a debt than the tithe tions we are reminded of our obligawe owe to God. To pay a tenth is

tion to give to him not only our being obedient. This and not gain

substance, but our time and our talents. should be our highest motive. SpirituWith these commandments go promally and financially a man has no

ises of rich rewards that are received power to make money except as God by those who obey, as many of the gives it to him.

faithful can atttest. The offering back to the Lord, at

The systematic giving or paying, regular intervals of time, of a definite that the tithe compels is full of blessportion of what he sends us, expresses ings. It cuts out the roots of selfishthe gratitude of the heart for mercies

ness. It nourishes the virtues of received, and at the same time is an

brotherly love and helpfulness. It acknowledgmnet of our absolute derealizes the privilege of being a copendence upon the Most High.

worker with God, and it creates that It is seldom easy for a man to begin cheerfulness in the giver that makes rection as his words. How freely he to tithe his income. It involves so

the love it him. Lord that requires How wonderful much gave! exercise keeps nothing a new He back—from that endear ourselves we can to our of faith a little fuller and the five loaves surrender and up to two fishes,

Father in such a simple way! How his own "life a ransom for many."to Christ.

wicked and foolish to neglect to do it. The twin laws that the seventh of Do you believe the Almighty meant

The reason why we must pay tithes our time and the tenth of our income what he said about pouring out his is because the Almighty clearly comshall be devoted in a special sense to blessings that there shall not be room mands it and further it is a highly God's service have never been changed. enough to receive, it? If you do, then

spiritual process. It is a recognition Both have their foundation in human why not begin to tithe your income of the Divine One, to whom the needs, and both were given for our now?—J. H. Trayner.

tithe is brought and who receives it. benefit. They are the Lord's, by conMultitudes profess to be willing tract, in the Lord's partnership with

to be led by the word of the Lord the Christian. Both must be rendered

in dealing with their fellowmen, yet to him as an acknowledgment of his A Promise in this matter of giving, how few right in the time and money we have seem willing to do it. The Bible is received from him. Paul lays down By WESTON N. NORDGREN

I the rule in the within Cor. the 16:2: "Upon

firstgreat the of day let every book of one week of andIt depression,is refreshing,to infindthisa dayray ofof doubthope understandingrevelation—theof people'sall, a

book of revelation. It has revealed you lay by him in store, as God hath touching our financial affairs. Many are

the people to themselves. A man has prospered him."Only let this prinin debt, sought by those to whom they

found himself when he has found his ciple be observed, that there be a owe money; perhaps haled into court berelation to the"rest of the universe, stated proportion given out of every cause they cannot pay.

and here is the book in which those dollar, whether the income be received When the Lord spoke to his children relations are set forth. This is the weekly, monthly, or whether it be in these latter days he said:

revelation of life and peace. One out realized at the end of the year. Prompt- "There is a law, irrevocably decreed

heaven before the foundations this of is ness, indeed,of every six a often verses the econoin of Bible part of is a world, all upon which blessings are predigiveswarning twice against my. gives He promptof covetsome who form cated

ly.ousness. Steady support a the lawyer of Jesus, asked Church, When "And when obtain we blessing any "Master, both with shall I what and service, is better money inherit do to

it is from God, obedience by to thateternal life?"said, than scattered is effort. writHe "What it is law upon which predicated."

the ten in apJesus spending pleaThe law?"Thus of money upon message of hope was A given to debtthat topealed reveal are inconsistent to the law, to the sures a Chriswith ors in the Doctrine and Covenants,

lawyertions—andhis responsibilitiesthe law enjoinedand tithing.obligatianto theprofessioncause ofis doingChrist;untoldand makingdamage tion"Verily104, versesI say 78,unto80 you,and 82:concerningSecof getting substance is many ChurchGod's way members it lovers of your more is my will that you

the tithe. Christ than the world loversthrough debts. of righteousshall debts—beholdpay all your rests it on

the sense of duty. He found little ness. "And it is my will that you shall humto commend in the Pharisees, but that May we be delivered from the snare ble yourselves before me, and obtain this

little He did commend, "Ye pay tithes, and delusion of supposing we are exblessing by your diligence and humility this ought ye to have done."When pressing our love to the Lord when and the prayer of faith.

Jesus says, "Ye ought,"the final word we give onesixteenth to him and "And inasmuch as you are diligent and humble, exercise and the prayer faith, of is Ithas spoken. been argufifteen-sixteenths ourselves. for time spent upon

I behold, will soften hearts the of those cease, to begin. obediencement it this to once, and put way man "When A are in you debt, I until to whom shallIf tithing is the it if that, the system sanction has people as very do much send means unto for you deliveryour

is Jesus,of city with no Christian honest should go the to a man down ance.

until five a he has given onetenth autodollarGod thousand and buy him as inasmuch "And ye his Itof income. is the Lord's. a seventyfive dollar and overThere mobile faithful and call upon myarename,humblebehold,and

is sacrifice, selfdenial, "offer- a dollar ten coat no and shoes I will no no pair of and give the victory."you

ing"on the part of the Christian until a fifteen dollar hat for himself and That was given as a promise. Will

he has given over and above the tenth. then should buy a calico dress for his not observance of the requirement make

The acts of Christ are in the same diwife. this promise effective today?

S t J

cD\e Challenge Words by Ruth M. Fox Music by J. Spencer Cornwail

V fu.:-&S3 T3r fe -p 5fcP4JStr.3=I fc*—&-

Introduction -19- t—r—'I r"-0—m—%m0- -i,—ST.. fe* -K- p- 1: *=t

:q:: -—I--A- *t =F= -9: Ml—F=:=t f=r—-pr—

rise! Oh youth, a - rise! Oh youth a - rise, And giye answer? You have

i i< 4=+-= riU Htfe -'5T—-&r -*- JSj: hy-—-;--- -z2- -<$>- -r -*—ra: *—r

-B—-<- 1gfe. 1 j H- -?5r::*-

Jtt:: q=ri:-z=E|:: fe * i=: SI your armour a-glow with valor? Are you ready your steel to sounded your battle cry: Is

*2:gfei1== J—*- - st ig:&ft-*:i 3=1=

-S>-7-:g5 X fczfcass$ a w -t—s-

tfca:—t-I i=f: Pl

high? try? Are you willing to wage a warfare In de - fense of your standards

s>- 1: r—i= -gl-:=S* tr. m -(&- =& -#: w- X* -grW

.(g).. -0- -<&- &-

T r< -&- -a-

CHORUS

% -I- *- =t 4=-- *J*- fc a: %>- Td- =C *—*: s ft*

We stand, we stand, like the pines in the forest, Lifting our heads to the light; We

les t= -—U - 'U- t 1 -F f t-:fc—:t

dt "7!7—?—-i—i—j—t—. l Lr 4—- t—3 -H—

P-i 5S -—|K=,-

, I -H#I *v xizi: -1 -H -L tEfc it: r:—j—j F=4:l—)—,

Fine, -g- 44- -#:s:&E—\- F=C: -4- I

stand, we stand, in the strength of the mountains; We are armed with valor and might.

P4—-0-+- -F- -S?-

tfc TZ *: x

.fi*. I t—V

i -75 m—-——m * F—*—1 P—F—at 'm 1 z?:;

L II i—ftr-:ff——3 i L r—4t*———

We are the youth of the promised day, The wealth of a - ges is ours; Wee are

ft *=:fc c* -iE FP=*Ef f Aft i

-St- -aritf'1 -- 1-—<&- -i #

-Si- -|2..BE -JB*- 3- -F f—-.-51—

-H--- =T -# --.S51 -. s =W- 1* - U/ 1

pledged to rear a battle-ment strong, And bla - zon with glory its tow'rs. We are

i ]y I J > S n J.

= 1 -v—v—v—v—E:

-a -*>-*-:>--:- =f --.-* -& *:tr I m

3L # 3F - h- -m- * -f—-P- r i

fcg—e #i=Jb=: -J- *r—if'it: '**—<5- 1

gath'ring gems of lion - or and faith, Of vir - tue knowledge and truth; Of

4- -P-,-* "--. M

:t=: * E I

! 1 --N—r:;=2 --$ =n 1 zz 12 r—

(9- fif-H#"- t-S=tJ=5-S: c—* # *—5r 1-—i-

25tfcfc -9- t—

Slower.5. =W: iI -L-rt; -I-:q: -SH-j- * I i

rev'rence and service and loyal-ty, To place in the structure of youth. We

-(U- Si X -|S-& 1- I -+-- -4- m 4=#'-M-?-$Q**—3- *5t -H- te -"=$ -pr

J q: =f: F=e -"2—St

:Bir:B t"*—*-t=t4-f- *

MUTUAL Executive DepartmentT General Superintendence* General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

R. Cannon, Richard Grant Lyman, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy

J. Clarissa A. Beesley, Ballard, Melvin

33 Bishop's Building Executive Secretary. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH General Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

Opportunities in the M. I. A.

LIBERAL education with the everyone shall be eager to commence awaits the children of Zion. Let us

arrangeactivities. the season's All say, and in pride heads lift our of time and outlay "WeA minimum the should to to associations be ments be made for smoke, beginbelong not a group the finest who domeans,

found anywhere, interesting activities, ning of regular activity work on Sepwho do not drink liquor, tea or coffee;

it means to The fact that all Manuals were spiritual well being."fun,development—that'scontinued culturalwhatand spiritual tember 15. who observe the laws of physical and

he an active member in the Mutual ready so early this season has given The book for the executive departImprovement Association over a periour officers ample opportunity to inment, "The Life Story of Brigham od of years. form themselves and obtain a general Young,"by Susa Young Gates will

Periodically there comes into our understanding and appreciation of the be found intensely interesting, offering

General Office one of our workers entire program so that they can more as it does in this year of pioneer comfrom a rural community to voice her intelligently supervise and give assistmemoration, vivid pictures of that enthusiastic appreciation of the opporance. great leader and all those who strugtunities afforded in this organization. The new Hand Book will be found gled with him to build a home for

it helpful, as giving a does most comof music, studies, us, their descendants.Manual drama—all

plete entire picture the of program. inalluring their thrill her withthem deopportunity for Continued the is presiespecially for the use This of for is speaking she hutterest. And activities spiritual of velopment the counselors in dents charge and of tell of could whatthe thousands who

I. the of pres- A., for public and M. Price 50c. work. General manual Scarcely I. them. for done has A.M. is entation the offered the in of same Offices. in the Church prominencea of man service. evening joint Executhis slogan a Sunday presents year The life's his for inspiration has foundhut tives will well do to the most make ideal great to for which I. scarcely a A., main the M.work strive—physthis privilege of once each month. ical, spiritual mental and her oftured owes but much woman health—to Suggested in appear the programs Era achieved be the through observance of ideals the and to high standingpresent

to time. time from joint October The of rallying cry Wisdom. Word The therein. received trainingpractical

session fair bids to unsual one of be has the leaders! been It sounded by is excep1931-32 no of season The interest title, the under Life "Meeting calls I. to every loyal A. member: M. year this is program the in theretion; a Real Friend."With let us living; stand for clean all, Come for provided material of wealtha

so varied and rich in its offering that let us prepare ourselves in body, mind, See "Era and Publicity"depsrtment it will meet the needs and desires of and spirit for the high destiny that for announcement.

every individual.

Executive Department

Era and Publicity Department be an executive in this organizapeopleTOtion of young opportunithere is ampleprivilege for is a rare The Spirit and Mission of the thatEra; which,if you accordingwant fiction,to modernyou canideas,find

ty to develop latent powers of leaderEra is higher in quality; if you want stories

ship. There is real joy in organizing of travel you can find them elsewhere;

and preparing so fine a piece of work TWTLAT does the Gospel mean to if you want science journals they existas the M. I. A. program, in watching "us? Has it any place in the on every hand. But we believe the

that program develop and in seeing world? ilf so, what is it? It is a good Era has a distinctive message that no

human beings grow under its influence. thing for us to think about that ocoutside magazine can give."

"Well begun is half done"is an old casionally. What is the distinctive "The Era is not a simple matter of

but true saying. With this in mind mission of the Gospel of the Lord mechanics, a few pages bound together

executives will make the opening social Jesus Christ? If we can answer that with a colored cover and a few symbols

this year, Sept. 8, a more joyous question, I think we can discover what in ink splattered on by a printer. That

event than ever before. Assisted by the mission of the Improvement Era is only a little part of it. In addition

their publicity directors they will see is. Its mission is just as distinctive to all that we can hold in our hands

to it that every member, young and as the Gospel itself. You can buy or see with our eyes of makeup and

old, is aware of this occasion and is magazines on the market that are better form and texture, there is something given an enthusiastic welcome. They in some particulars than the Era. If in the magazine that we may well call

will keep high the morale of the enyou want to study history, there are a soul, a spirit, a breathing truth or tire corps of officers and leaders so that historical magazines superior to the hope of truth upon which its whole

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 683

foundation depends."Extracts from

talks given at June Conference. coaVMVu n iiisA\crn\vinrY idieipt. Sunday Night Program For Committee ======= == October Oscar A. Kirkham, Clarissa A. Beesley, Chairmen; Emily C. Adams, ViceChairman; Heber

the meeting evening on Fast Charlotte Stewart, Elsie T. Brandley, Katie C. Jensen, Evangeline T. Beesley, Ethel S. Anderson

is devotto be in OctoberTHESunday C. Iverson, John H. Taylor, W. O. Robinson, Don Wood, Jos. F. Smith, J. Spencer Cornwall,

ed to the Era, not in a selling way, but from the standpoint of content. Proparticipation, has already the Churchwide pronounced general sent will outlined and begrams

feature for Contests, on Recreational and the new by COMEONE** the new Manual officers Executive Stakemail to whowill in turn send them to ward officers. Activity and Leisure Time Guidance 193132—-the Music Festival—are

While the Executives, as always, will one of the best, if not the best, treatise fully outlined.

Recreation. prepared on Whether it ever meeting, the direct charge ofhave the the of part follows major Then

this are true not, be assured or we is Publicity that Era expected and containing a to 12, 8 book—Chapters that our Activity Community Comtheir hearty will supDirectors lend material of wealth Dancing, Drama, on

mittees will that agree splendid a volis realthe as in eventport; inasmuch in use the Music, Story for and Speech

has their into hands. ume come in the ity as a to help planned them halfhour Evening program. Tuesday

five first chapters a provide The ward. in every approaching Era week fine has inforso before Never much

will that information of background I. especially the A. Note new M. subjects these gathered been mation on

it all to thoughtfully give study whosong C80, Challenge,"to page "The in auxiliary publication. together an

clearer vision, picture a the of a new night the be used "Era"Sunday on It is for arranged handling, convenient field possibilities offered the in great joint program. subject divided each being into twelve

of recreation. will from come They parts to cover twelve weekly periods.—*I>3lfits their in perusal with joy a new

work and an intelligent understanding The closing chapter is a reference

Keep a-Crammin'of principles underlying the recreationbook in itself for many types of parties entertainments. and By A SCHOOL GIRL al program.

Chanters o and 7 explain fully the manual is especially for the This

TF you wish to make a show, methods in carrying forward the acuse of counselors in charge of activities * Keep a-crammin'. tivity program in the M. I. A. The and community activity committees.

Don't take a chance on what you know. a-crammin'. Keep II IT so blue, use 'Tain't to feel A ID ID IE IPA no E N T - IRTM there's can do; nothin'you For Committee But just watch for each review, =

And keep a-crammin'. Dr. Arthur L. Beeley and Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin 8.

Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L. Daines, Ann M. Cannon, Rose

When the brain works seem to bust, W. Bennett, Emily H. Hires, Charlotte Stewart

Keep a-crammin'.

Do not let them mold or rust, Keep a-crammin'. '"THE program of this Department is last year, and are also given in the

S'pose your lessons are a bore, featured by three activities, (1) Supplement.

sore, sick head feels your and And project discussion, Genclass-room of the Committee Adult (2) The for thing one always There's room recreation feels that the and program social eral Boards work, and (3) more—enjoyment. presented for the 193132 season will

a-crammin'. Keep and popular be the most to prove the discussion for class The subject

it. ever offered by profitable program of be the year will Word life seems full of doubt, coming your When

Keep a-crammin*. Wisdom. The discussion will be

a textbook, use the of guided out, If help by pa you your won't be economizmay enMAN-POWER authoritative Live, titled an a-crammin'. Keep To How cultivating sound, ed, first by died of hygiene, treatment today, suppose very popular but you Then

will ye habits. "Wherefore personal folks and say: prepared your accompanied up would Why, by a specially

is for that which waste your money take "Just General books your published down where Supplement by the you lay, Boards of Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. not bread,"ask the Scriptures. They

in riotous their substance waste who And keep a-crammin'!"The textbook may be rightly rewealth. living are wasting more than

of of lines the the above author The name as of the amplification garded an Word vital their enare wasting They own signed to manuscript, the the not and was of be might This book Wisdom. letter the misaccompanying has been poem their ergy, manpower. own

laid. If will to "Schoolgirl"her send name profit great read enjoyment with and

is also office it. economized will editors the by the appreciate Manpower Era the every adult Church of by member

talent giving discovering and hidden all in the teachinterpreted others, and it vilfunction. to a chance Every

ings of the of Wisdom. Word inglorious mute, lage or Hampden Happiness

to text the adapts Supplement is The the a waste of manpower, Milton

HAPPINESS, that magic spring of M. I. A. class discussions, in addition more destructive because the world is

purest liquid life, to which it gives in detail the Halfalways in desperate need of such talGiving to those who in return give Hour Recreation Program of the Adult ent. Any system of supervision or of

charity for strife. Department. The outstanding feature teaching which can discover patent

It only gives to those who give their of this program is its easy adaptability genius and make it active is a factor very heart and soul to every ward and will result, no in nation building. To discover hidTo gladden lives that others live, doubt, in popularizing the Adult Deden genius is better than to discover

for this is Happiness'goal. partment the coming year. a hidden gold mine.-—Dr. Thomas—Orson Rega Card The Projects will be the same as Nixon Carver.

684 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

also the calendar for the year are to be found under one cover. The Gleaner

altogether is nicely and bound:w\ men department Manual

treasured attractive; it should a be ===== Committee===== possession of each girl. She will want

Herbert B. Maw, Chairman; John F. Bowman, Thomas A. Beal, Oscar W. Carlson, Alma Clayton, to own a copy not only for her use

Homer C. Warner, Nicholas G. Morgan, E. E. Ericksen, Jos. F. Smith this year but for her future reference.

Gleaner leaders will wish to secure this book early so as to make its contents their the before beginning own heretofore interest value and Guide Men the season. Price of 50c, M at the GeneralOF is the program surpassed M notMen I. Office the L. of Y. A. M. "The the season for study course of and last of year's course of FOLLOWING at All Right also 50c, Thing Times"departments, other in As study, 2 volume of "Choosing Office. the General at for outlined have the them is Men offered for the an Occupation"193132.M

discussions for the class period on current season in the M Men departTuesday evening, activities for the ment. The foreword to the Manual

halfhour period following the class, states that "besides giving information and for contests; athletics, debating and creating active interest in the variJunior Girls

and other speech work, readingcourse ous vocations here treated, this manual book, and many other interesting and is written in such a way as to stimuDepartment stimulating suggestions. late active discussion and mutual exoffers too, Junior Department, change of ideas the among M Men."HTHE-*- attractive program. a most discussed are Advertisvocations The Gleaner-M Men Program bright, Beauty""American The ing, Agriculture, Invention, Banking,

ASgramin otherincludesyears,occasionalthis season'smeetingsproSurgery,The Law,TransportationMerchandising,andRecreation,Trades. coverto all oftothepeepManualinsidebeamsand a seewelcomewhat

with the Gleaner Girls, the purpose Of worth inestimable this winter's lovely things are provided for these being "for social service, for leaderwork should prove to the young men Junior "roses,"lovely flowers of the ship and for expression of individualfwho are at the age where the choice M. I. A. Bouquet.

ty,"and objectives being to extend of a vocation is vital, inasmuch as First appears the text for discussion, desirable acquaintanceship, to form it will affect the rest of their lives. "Building a Life."Deeply spiritual,

selfgoverning groups, to develop culinterspersed with stories and illustrature and refinement, and to direct the tions, and carrying messages of love mind of youth to the deep values of Reading Course from the several writers, it cannot but the spirit and the beautiful in outappeal to every Junior girl and her a dress. expression andward the reading leader. As

Then follow six delightful outlines joint in the discussionbasis meetof THEcoursedepartmentis "WithbookMaliceon Toward ings of the two groups, the new book None,"by Morrow, and is highly for discussion on the Junior Project, "The Right Thing at all Times"recommended to the young men of the "My Story—Lest I Forget."The

has been provided. Church for study and careful analysis. very title makes us want to begin to

write the story of our lives, recalling

hood childhood and which enliven and ** 6ILIEANIEIMGWRIIS DEIR4R|MENT those dear, intimate things of babyall sweeten our lives.

Committee "Larry"is the title of the Reading

Course book and as "Larry"is a real,

Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman, live, interesting boy, he will appeal to Emily C. Adams every Junior Girl.

The calendar for the year and suggestions for other activities are inthis cluded in Junior Manual which things of good sells at for 20c the Y. J, A. L. M. Gleaners. the Tois theirproofof Truththe Pioneersa real isproject.hoveringTheoverspiritthe Office.A videdFEASTfor

meeting on the first Tuesday of each people; "the hearts of the children are

atthe their turning Men, to with a most families are fathers;"month M is a ready delightfully now '"THERE invites them.tractive their in gathering store program of Demmemories gay, colored cover these for books. suggesthe delightful ofonstrations histories. their and compiling What girls will The to be happy put between etiquette, their intions fitting tribute book on "The more can each Gleaner these lovely coversheets of rose the

all at to alGirl Times,"thoseRight have pay Thing before have gone who pages they which upon written have pleasure throughto to given thanready collection her many make of own their stories. is, in There addition

out the Church so that we anticipate truthtreasures, bringing together the cover pages, two sheets for geneato destories, while songs, fun and poems, worth picturesmuch much of her logical and the names records—one line this in these along dear ones,velopment others own who one for the that photographs—sofor people. of activegroups blazed have the young which ir.aterial of arranging work will way—incidentsand of "A Brief History of the Church,"have stirred her and increased her faith greatly simplified. be

the text for the Gleaners will be "found through their heartappeal. The new Junior song is printed

intensely interesting. Every girl will Just the title, "Singing in the Rain,"on a page the right size to fit into

delight in hearing again the dramatic makes us eager to begin the Reading "My Story"book. Every Junior

story of the rise and development of Course book for this department. It group will want to learn to sing this

the Church, and of the heroic men will round out and supplement the song.

and women who established the great program. The price for the cover, with gencommonwealth of the west. The complete text for study, "A ealogical sheets and new Junior Song

Tying up closely with the text, Brief History of the Church,"full inis 20 cents.each Gleaner Girl this year will wish formation on the M Men—Gleaner Separately, the cover is 15 cents;

to make the gathering of her Treasure program, the project, the book, and music 5 cents.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 685

directions for various forms of handcraft will also be supplied. If you yANGUARDS scouts idieipt. have accomplished or discovered in

Committee =- -=3s=***>Q your work anything which you feel would be of help to others in the same field, write a note about it and send

Dr. George E. Hill, Jr., R. and Charley Chairmen; Nicholas Mabey, G. Smith, German E. it in this for in publication column

Ellsworth, LeRoi C. Ernest P. Snow, Horsley

the of Messages. are doing you What

others would like to hear about.

"MEW in many respects and of unnomy, Electricity, Athletics and Ath- "Life of the Bee"*- usual interest throughout is the letic Contests, Angling, Insect Life, "C OR many years BeeHive groups program for the Vanguard department, Camping and Swimming, the Log have been asked to read Maeterwhich takes in the fifteen and sixteen gives Relationship and Organization, linck's "Life of the Bee,"the beautiyear-old boys of the M. I. A. Herethe Vanguard Institution, Objectives fully poetic treatise upon which the

tofore a part of the Scout department, and Methods of Leadership, and such plan of the BeeHive organization the older boys are now elevated to a activity projects as contests, reading rests. The book is written in rathermore delightful and complete course and the project—Markers for historic difficult style for girls of BeeHive

of their own, and the outlines for places. This project is shared by the age, and many of them have lost some

its supervision are published in "The Scouts. of the beauty of it because of their inLog of the Vanguard Trail,"a little ability to analyze it.

volume whose very title makes one Reading Course For this reason, a review of the imit. read introduction want to it in points is portant The contained Foster, has "Larry,"by

thesounds to keynote all that been prepared the volreading members of Gencourse by follows: THEthe book193132

"The Log of the Vanguard Trail is ume for Vanguards. It is a collection eral Board, and this, published in

an attempt to help leaders to underof writings of Larry Foster, written pamphlet style, will furnish the matestand boys, to direct those boys into with no thought of publication, but rial necessary for use in the lessons on a romance of exploration so fascinatafter his death they were compiled the life of the Bee. Girls will enjoy

ing that they will choose to follow this and given to the reading public. His reading it and leaders will appreciate

trail not only on Tuesday nights, but diary, themes in English, letters to the simplicity of the arrangements, during their leisure time as well, to his family and his girl, poems, and and it is hoped that every BeeHive lead them to discover themselves, their philosophy are gathered together and girl in the Church will read this brief interests, their talents, and the fields published in a most diverting and review.

of endeavor in which those talents worthwhile fashion, and will doubtWatch the BeeHive section of the lie."less become one of the favorite books Mutual Messages in the Era for anIn addition to the month by month of every boy who reads it. nouncement as to price and time of

program, which includes Hiking, The book for Boy Scouts is "Modpublication.

Archery, Indianlore, First Aid, Astroern Pioneers"by Cohen and Scarlet. riT'affiWd'frAdhAAA ifl irfrn jT ift i ilTndft (H i.ft i f*.Tfti iff

Begin

i asa'XJ"BEEHIVE GlflJS DEPARTMENT! i MUSIC STUDIES

i k Committee ==== i this Month =

Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine Folsom, Vida F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Harie C. i'September is the opening

Thomas, Elsie T. Brandley month of the school year at the

School of Music and McCune! Art. i

i Enroll Private for Lesnow great the in changes are included i Girl voice, violin Twelve sons Year piano, in Old or tNO season the for BeeHive program other instrument; or for Class i year, last announcement made HPHE to the course exceptabout i new in Instruction Music Theory * First the Presidency, coming from twelveyear-old thefor subjects.: Nymphs—thebegin, effect the to the old twelveyear that

*girls enter althe I. A. M. As who

girl free to either attend was Primary attractive Fall Bulletin Our Spirit the of the Hive, theways, Seven i I. the or lists desire to according the tuition A. subjects, M. fees, andFields Religion, Health, of Home,

information.: general herself couof parents, her The and one was | Art, BusinessOutof-Doors, Domestic

I will bring below pon your copy interest, girls great of a and > few of Service, the Public Guides andand i mail. return by t that I. age the joined have A. M. tfor will serve as the foundation Study t

i leaders these groups, For of the General t discussion activity,of Bee- t and and t is?'committee providing a course of McCUNE find will service theyKeepers in the t

t activity, study will and be which i > of School Art Music andrender great the satisfaction degree of

>'shortly. ready the issue ', next Watch this joy ever attended hasand which 200 N. Salt City Main Lake of definite the for Era announcements I. ofbranch work. A. M.

: line. this along to i order simplify this in In the >< work

theredepartment, eliminated have been Please send me your Fall Bulletin. i

tthe project course and reading book Mutual Messages i other years. itof the the season coming program for The P\URING is ti Name *BeeHive girls is so the for comprehensive the hoped that messages and

*active * felt, will need is that no further department be of and BeeHive more i \ Address effortwith conscientious before. ever value to BeeKeepers ready and than

sympathy, a leader will find herself Reports from stakes, suggestions for I guiding her girls through a stimulating class discussions, activities and cell- i and helpful season. filling will be included, and explicit v I

..

686 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

When Your Facing[Continued from Lifepage 64 6]

Home Burns lowliest of men. No man is too A MODERN scholar in the field

humble to be kind. And "Where ** of education has drawn up

There's a certain amount of Love Is There God Is Also."one of the most comprehensive infire should that comfort to know

that tonight destroy your home V. T H E COMPLETEST ventories of desirable and undesiryou are covered by Fire InsurPOSSIBLE DEVELOPMENT able qualities yet brought together.

Let yourself "walk by"as this ance. OF THOSE QUALITIES list of attributes searches out your WHICH MAKE YOUR PERSuch insurance will indemnify SONALITY UNIQUE. potentialities.

you for the loss incurred and allow you to rebuild your home In and through all you do is Positive Qualifications without financial hardship. you. Only you can determine how 1. Openminded, inquiring, broad.

It's worth a good deal to have fully you may build your own 2. Accurate, thorough, discerning.

this protection in these times. attributes into reality.. Nobody 3. Judicious, balanced, fair.

feels. It's a won- 6. Cheerful, joyous, optimistic. See our agent in your town.—orelse smilesthinks—orjust as you do—or talks 4.5. Decisive,Original, independent,possessing convictions.resourceful.

derful thought that there is no one 7. Amiable, friendly, agreeable.

sympathetic. 8. broadly Democratic, like in all the you FIRE just world. And UTAH HOME

generous. 9. sense of Tolerant, humor, the key to your development

tactful. is 10. CO. Kind, courteous, INSURANCE

persistent practice. If you work 1 1. Tractable, cooperative, teachable.

dependable. honorable, de12. will Loyal, each vigorously day you & CO. HEBER J. GRANT forceful, vigorous. Executive, 13. strength. physical velop If you General Agents exalted. 14. worthy, High ideals, extensively read will become you selfsacrificing. 15. Modest,

20 South Main Street rich in ideas. If you cultivate at 16. Courageous, daring, firm.

Salt Lake City, Utah every turn a sunshiny attitude you 17. Honest, truthful, frank, sincere.

will come to be known for yout 19.18. Generous,Patient, calm,openhearted,equable. forgiving.

genial disposition. You become 20. Responsive, congenial.

most successful personally as you 21. Punctual, on schedule, capable.

capitalize to the fullest the talents 22. Methodical, consistent, logical.

which constitute your birthright. 23.24. Refined,Altruistic,alivegivento tobeauty,service.artistic.

decision, purpose. 25. Selfcontrolled,

dignity. Good physical carriage, For Best Results—Yourtaking taskto determinebecomes onestrongof stockand 26.

weak attributes and of setting up 27.28. FaceTastesmiling,in attire,voicecleanliness,pleasant.pride.

strength. vigor, endurance, Physical 29.

responsiveness, strong. Spiritual 30. Paint ayourselfdefinite theprogramsoul estateof buildingfor whichfor

quiet. peace, certainty, 3 2. Religious

experience expanding. Religious, Now theThe blueprints.Great Architect has given you 33.3 1 Prayer life warm, satisfying.

34. God a near, inspiring reality.

religion. 6. Bible 3 Interest in and be helpful to have inventory an BENNETT'S TF you would take stock, it may 35. Power to win others to religion. life fuller Religion and richer. makes 37.

sheet to check by which your fundamentals. great 8. 3 Deeply believe

"goods upon the shelf."39. Increasing triumph over sin.

passages in scripture set 40. Religious future hopeful. f Property Two

down briefly but wonderfully ideals of personal achievement: Negative Qualifications

Insurances "But the fruit of the Spirit is love, 1 Narrow, dogmatic, not hungry for joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodtruth.

"Meekness, PAINT PRODUCTS ness,there faith, 2. Indefinite, superficial,,lazy. is no law."—Galatianstemperance: against5:2223.such 3.4. Prejudiced,Dependent, ledimitative,by likessubservient.and dislikes.

undecided. wavering, 5. Uncertain, Paints, Varinclude Enamels and

bitter. pessimistic, all diligence, 6. this, giving besides Gloomy, morose, "And Purposes nishes for All Decorating

disagreeable. unsociable, virtue 7. virtue; to Repellant, faith and to your add

BENNETT GLASS & knowledge;"And to knowledge temperance; and to 9.8. Opinionated,Snobbish, selfcentered,dogmatic, exclusive.intolerant.

PAINT CO. liness;temperance patience; and to patience god10.11. Cruel,Stubborn,rude,notuntactful.able to work with

kindness; brotherly others. godliness to "And First 6165 South West uncertain, lacking dependacharity. 12. Disloyal, kindness to brotherly and Salt City Lake

bility. if and in you, things be these "For

Dealers throughout Utah, Southern abound, they make you that ye shall 13. Uncertain, weak, not capable.

Idaho and Neighboring States neither be barren nor unfruitful in the 14. Low standards, base, contemptible.

knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ."15. Egotistical, vain, autocratic.

—II Peter 1:5-8 16. Overcautious, weak, vacillating.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 687

17. Low standards of honor and truth. And studying almost everything. Never hope to again

18. Irritable, excitable, moody. Besides from that day on That's why I maintain

selfish, resentful.19. Stingy, She I ever best sermon the never so much as looked at a That

repulsive, uninviting. Cold,20. cigarette.

life in preached my incabehind-hand, usually21. Tardy,

pable. Was a sermon on a watermelon.

22. Haphazard, desultory, inconsistent. Well, we baptized her after a few

23. Indifferent, not socially minded. weeks.—Kg2*i*

24. Coarse, lacking aesthetic quality. We had some good old brothers

25. Suggestible, easily led, uncertain. in the branch THIS Communicating of a man to

26. Lack of poise, ill posture, no grace. Who had been trying to stop his friends works two contrary

cutjoys, effects, redoubleth and for it for over a year dress, in Careless frumpy, no pride. smoking27.

is there for halves; griefs in no teth unpleasant. quite voice expression, get up the28. And couldn't Somber his to joys his imparteth that man

... nerve. sluggish. tired, weak,29. Quickly the and more; enjoyeth he friend but

30. Spiritually weak, inconstant, uncerBut when that happened no man that imparteth his griefs to

tain. They stopped too. his friend, but he grieveth the less.

cold, formal,31. Prayer little comfort. I never saw anything like it—Bacon's Essays

uncertainty. strain,3 2. Conflict,

33. Spiritual life static or losing force.

34. God distant, unreal, hard of ap- ()<BftOWOttEhl)B{)< *amt

proach, 35. Influence little or negative.

3 6. Little concern for religion and Bible Free Every student at our school is37. Religion felt as a limitation. entitled to Gym privileges at

38. Lacking in foundations for faith. Gymnasium the Deseret Gym.

frequent falling before tempta39. Too

——>H ||S—w|—n—H ihiiiii||i.i nt.—|M—HI—j|fl—IHII-——II itlt I tion.

exclusive privilege (ex40.—GeorgeReligiousHerbertgrowthBetts,uncertain."How to Teach The

to University) State cepting Religion."j Walton has Accounting teach Walton

If the objectives listed under Accountingbeen awarded the L. D. S.

this recipe of Success seem difficult Business College.

of attainment remember that when an ideal is fully realized it ceases to be an ideal. Know with BrownThe Wonder Machine Shorting: hand is taught at the L. D. S. StenotypyBusiness College—ask for a

"A man's reach should exceed demonstration.

his grasp or what's a heaven for."| ii—ii—ii——ii—it—iiii iri—ii icii—trn—i* < i—h—ti.|j—n—i wn ii-n

students of our won first Gregg One i International at the prizeA Sermon on Shorthand Gregg Contest.

a Watermelon <M——iHfr ill i l|i M—1|—1|—wttiu i II-

[Continued from page 67 1] Cheap $15.00 each monthAnd asked me some questions—$40.00 three months

Pointed ones, and no dodging alTuition $75.00 six months

lowed.

And when I answered them She looked me right straight in the eye And said "I've been waiting all my life say that. hear somebodyTo L. D. S. toI'd like be baptized."

I told her I thought she'd better wait awhile Business CollegeUntil she was real sure.

She said she was sure all right

But she'd wait if we wanted her to. Enter Any Monday

So she started reading all the books she could get hold of And began taking lessons in Eng- *<;n(***< ii-* 0KHKfrO<-0--0

lish and Spanish 688 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

Gains Dominion

the Earth NOW ManOver is the time to [Continued from page 647] have your water. This is kept in ponds, Can we contemplate this unFurnace where carp and rainbow trout are dertaking without a feeling of

grown. One hundred twenty tons wonder at what man can do under

cleaned of this variety of fish are raised proper guidance.

and marketed every year.

BY THE MODERN METHOD These ponds cover an area of in living age not an we CLEANING ARE OF VACUUM nearly or square yards 2,900,000 ** is this earth to expected when acres. rich are so waters 600 The

fit celestialized be a and made A Call fertility life To in that plant grows spirits. for perfect will abode How Bacteria, abundantly. Protozoa, 8572 WAS. this Is this be thing underdone?

other Algae and many Will bring our expert Infusoria, taking the not of thought worthy life of kinds animal plant and is cleaners efforts also the the of many—as all use the grow. oxyThese up

scientists to in the improve world die. in the fish water, gen the and physics, the realm of chemistry

care take of this, mature 6000 To bacteriology, the earth etc.—that are these ducks ponds. kept on is gradually being the renewed by Citizens Goal Co. feed the plant upon both They great of these their in work men

life. the animal and Thousands studies. Agents for the Famous are laid eggs of year the during

and these eggs are sold to the peoIs not the man who works over ple of the city. Each spring many the microscope and with the chemof these eggs are hatched out. ical test tube, being inspired to

Twentytwo thousand baby duckmake his great contributions to the lings are sold when one day to perfecting of the earth?

eight days old. Any man who will use his

The sediment left, after the deabilities to improve his environcomposing process has continued ment whether in the realm of the for some time, is dried and sold scientific, ethical or spiritual is into the farmers of Germany as comdeed a servant of God acting unmercial fertilizer. Thus the sewder the inspiration of the Father. fiSsgak age which is an aggravating probAs he works he will become more

lem for many large cities in Amerlike his great Father, for it is part ica elsewhere has and been turned of our faith, say Joseph Smith a into profitable business enterprise. and Brigham Young, that one canDucks, ducklings, eggs, carp, not study nature without masterrainbow trout, commercial fertilizing a knowledge of the laws of

er, illuminating and cooking gas God, anjd one cannot expose himall used by man are made from self unstintingly to those laws the material which was formerly without becoming like the manipu- a great nuisance. lator of them.

and assure successful growth next Spring

A postcard with your name and adThe Messenger dress will bring FREE our new TTHE MESSENGER is the title of service to the Church in writing these

Fall Bulb and Nursery * a splendid little periodical issued articles. I rejoiced as I read them to think

monthly by the presidency of the that one of our Latterday Saints was the capable to write had an and knowledge Guide Book stake. Francisco San following The article as done. such have you

is last their issue: taken from I desire sincerely to thank "Again you

It tells How, What and When articles for the for the wrote you Imit for Send Today Pres. J. in a letter, Heber Grant dated I are Era. they think provement worth

June 5, 1931, commends Isaac B. Ball, their weight in gold to our young people

stake high councilor, for his recent conwho will read them carefully and will

PORTER WALTON CO. tributions"I have toreadthe withEra: the keenest interest allowwrittentheto significancesink into theirof whathearts."you have

42 W. 1st So. St. Salt Lake City yourentitled,two 'Additionalarticles in theInternalImprovementEvidenceEra,of Ball'sGet articlesyour Erathat andhave readcalledagainforth Eldersuch

:he Authenticity of the Book of Mormon.'splendid words from the President of the

I think that you have rendered a distinct Church.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 689

or more persons Glancing Through. Everyworkingtimetogethertwo harmoniously.

work at cross purposes, each one [Continued from page 675] trying to interfere with the others.

looks both ways, and avoids accidents. It is the optimist who suffers from there is a waste of manpower. To

eliminate anything pleasant of waste is one that form happens, heWhen surprised delighted,is agreeably and purposes of states of the major indigestion—psychicit is no wonder, poorindigestion—andfellow. The

but never expects it to happen again. pessimist can rest his eyes on holes manship. It may have been the

When it does, he is again surprised once in awhile, but the optimist's sheer necessity of the situation isand surprise a thing reputation that he keep his demands delighted-—and forced early the which Mormons

ifimpossible is everything exgood eyes forever fastened to the doughnut! to cooperate or starve. It maypected. little pessimist expects The or

rebeen have the bond of commonnothing friends, from never thus and loses faith in them, but is always ligion, it may have been superior touched by any little evidence of their intelligence and insight. Whatever

loyalty and esteem. \A ANPOWER is also econothe source, the result was good. A mized by cooperation, or by—Dr. Thos. Nixon Carver. By profession, the author is a play- -

wright. Ninetenths of the time he

is convinced that he will never write anything worthwhile—a view shared

by many of the few who read his writing—and so he is amazed and overjoyed if anything he does is in the

least degree good. He expects all

plays to be rejected by all managers, but if a manager displays any interest at all it is a pleasant shock. If the

play is accepted and a check for advance royalties appears, he has no idea that it will ever get into rehearsal, let alone production, and if it does, joy unbounded is his. The certainty

that nobody will like it serves to restrain any exuberance likely to be quelled by critics and reviewers.

Not the least of the optimists'woes is his almost hysterical determination to be cheerful at all costs. If he begins to feel low, he rushes off to find

something to cheer him up, and thus is constantly seeking stimulation, encouragement, illusion. The pessimist

makes no such search, and accepts anything of a pleasant nature gladly if it comes.

It is the optimist who is stirred by propaganda, ads, ballyhoo. He believes he can get personality by correspondence, that just inside the tentflap are the world's greatest wonders.

No amount of disillusion cures him.

The day after a disappointment, he is all ready to begin again.

futile pessimist that avoids all The time, enSET YOUR DIALS TO 1290 K. C. wasteful expenditureand of

ergy and money. He is salesresist-

ance incarnate. The joy he finds indoing nothing and not feeling guilty FOR 18 HOURS

about it! the things he refrains from of BRILLIANT and VARIED ENTERTAINMENT

buying; the books he avoids reading;

The plays he stays away from! Thedull parties he does not attend! w EVERY DAY

One more point. The optimist

thinks he can go on forever, as good as new. Snap out of it! Keep going!

Don't give in! The pessimist, finding

himself fretful and tired, takes it as a serious warning, and goes somewhere K sit quietfor a place he can a rest—to Y THE popular STATION fall sunlightly the and watch down

in golden beauty on things.

690 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

Foods for Healtk IT'S The Joy of Eating, FREE [Continued from page 677]

Baked Pears with sugar, and a dot of butter, cinnamon, sprinkle with nutmeg and delicious are pears Fresh baked. Do

of pinch a half of water and cup add fill core peel not remove but and salt in modpan, and to bake baking center place sugar with and brown pears in buttered baking dish. erate oven,

You'll surely want the Sego Dissolve 1 tablespoon of cornstarch and Core apples and peel them about a

Looseleaf Book. Cook More stem. in 1 third of 1 tablespoon of sugar white from the cup the way down

... than 300 tested recipes

too sweet) of sugar (not of vanilla drops a syrup and few water, add a. of. Make. illustrated handsomely

real a inspiration apples, cover salt; over a and guide pears, water cover of pinch over and and pour

to better meals write! Just oven, until in minutes. bake and from moderate bake oven and 40 tender-—removepour for copy. a free Milk Sego

place under well sprinkle sugar and half Pears also with cut in be peeled, may Co., Salt Products City, Lake

and baked with all white sugar and a blaze to glaze. When cold serve with teaSEGO MUSICAL MENUS little lemon juice. They are delicious served spoon of jelly in center and puff of

Helpful chats by Barbara with cream or as a relish with meat. whipped cream on top.

Badger, director of the Home I Peaches No. Baked. Service Department Sauce Apple. and popular music. f/uzz 6 large Carefully wipe from. Daily except Sunday, that apple remembered It should be ripe place in buttered peaches baking and to 10 10:15

over KDYL. dish. Dissolve 2 tablespoons sugar and sauce made now, canned and stored

1 tablespoon cornstarch in 1% cups of away will taste much better in the water, add 1 teaspoon lemon juice and late winter than sauce made from pinch of salt—cover and bake 25 minfresh apples that have been kept in

utes. storage.

Baked Peaches No. II

Take 6 large firm peaches, peel, and Dried Fruit place stone, in halves, and cut removing for multimillionaire eastern An tin. Fill each peach baking in shallow a years woman employed Utah many sugar, teaspoon cavity 1 teaspoon with %. seaeach to ship prepare to him and grating a slight nutbutter, of of and meg. Pour into the baking tin 1 tableson a large amount of dried peaches—

spoon of water and 2 tablespoons of because nowhere could he find peaches orange juice. Bake in moderate oven twenthat equaled in flavor the ones he

ty minutes. They may be served hot once ate while traveling through

or cold, with or without cream. northern Utah. Most people will

Peach Marmalade agree that no food in the world is more delicious than dried apples served peaches 6 of pounds bread. ginger fresh cream and with

sugar of 6 pounds difficult task a fruit is not Drying 4 oranges it is protect from thing to the main stones, slice and peaches, Peel remove weigh. Peel 2 oranges and cut into flies and dust. A screenedin porch

small bits. Put the other two oranges is a good place, especially if it faces

through meat grinder, skins and all. Pour south. Small tables can be put in

the sugar over the fruit and let stand the sun during the day and brought several hours. Place over slow fire until indoors at night, or drying racks

1 hour. then slowly cook is melted sugar expense. at a small arranged can be

nice addition. a almonds Blanched make and are laden with fruit orchards The

Plums a little extra effort now will help brings you the finest Plums are one of the few fruits that solve the food problems when winter flavor comes. their fragrance and retain

that being reason of Nature's Foods when allcanned—oneof

all cooked are usually skins, stones and French Apple Pie delicious and together. jams Plums make in Royal ingredient used Every for French has come in A request to blue jellies. plum nuts added Pecan selected Bread Queen Table Crust Cracker Pie with Apple Graham flavor. delicious a hearts jam give of nature. isThea product of choice, sunripened wheat—here it is.

rich, pure in an milk Crust day a salt apple that all "an of—good,kernels,extra specially milled for us Apples and know measure—sugar of 2 cups cracker crumbs

finest grade! WE the There doctor the away."keeps of cup V2 grahambutter—melted them, prepare to we are so ways many of sugar cup T/4 QUEEN. ROYAL Try TABLE daily apple to eat an able to be 2 ought egg whites It is for you good

without tiring of them. Roll the cracker crumbs as finely as

possible, butter the with and and mix plain, with be baked or Apples may cents 10 20 ounces the fold in the egg beaten After flavorings. various sugar—then and many

whites. this pie in the Place mixture by Made in a butplaced are they cored and

it tin, fingers into firmly the with pat and fill centers the dish, with tered baking sides the place the along on and bottom CO. BAKING ROYAL raisins over nuts them pour and and tin. lightly the of egg white with Brush

and Salt Lake Ogden sugar boiling syrup, a brown made by sauce. will before apple adding This

and water together—or fill the centers prevent soaking.

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 691

The Apple Filling 3 cups of unsweetened apple sauce % cup of sugar 1 teaspoon cinnamon YOURS for BETTER HEALTH 3 egg whites Pinch of salt Mix the applesauce, sugar and seasonFleischmann's yeast is a simple, natplacing just before together, and ing egg well beaten in the in ural food, recommended by world fold pie cr.ust

whites. Sprinkle the top with a mixture

of grape nuts and brown sugar. Bake famous doctors. Eat three cakes a

in hot oven for 5 minutes, then lower heat and continue baking until done, about day, and keep yourself in topnotch 30 minutes. condition.

Watermelon Rind Preserves Choose a melon that is ripe and sweet and has a deep rind. Remove all red and

the outer green skin and cut into strips from 1% to two inches long.

To 1 gallon of rind use 4 level teaspoonsof salt and enough water to cover. Boil Fleischmann's

until tender enough to pierce with a.silver fork. Drain, dry thoroughly with

a cloth and place in an earthen jar.

Boil together 1 quart of white wine 1 of 2 quarts and vinegar sugar—add Yeast

1 teaspoon of and cinnamon of stick cloves and pour over the rind. Repeat At Grocers, Soda Fountains and Restaurants

this each morning for several days, or until the rind is transparent. The cloves

should be strained out about the third morning as they tend to darken the rind. HI—-II If

i

I Felt Broadway Co. PEWS

106 West Broadway 2077 = Was. The Workmanship

I Makers of Everything in PULPITS of Your Hands I Felt

J. Beeley By Glenn CHAIRS

HaveQUESTION: you a good IJ SLOGANS,INSIGNIAS, BANNERS,LETTERS, DESIGNS,SENIOR Folding,

recipe for Gesso? VESTS, JACKETS, PENNANTS, I Kindergarten

glue, STENCILS, TABLE gill can I CHAIR Opera | COVERS, and \y2ANSWER:

! oil, Church and Store Office, linseed LADIES'WEAR Bank, teaspoons 3 whiting,cups Fixtures SUITS BASKETBALL Place varnish. 1% cups teaspoons 3

whiting in the mixing bowl and then Salt Lake Cabinet & pour in slowly the glue, linseed oil Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Fixture Company a with Street slowly Mixand jrarnish. Ask prices us for is mixture the until 'spoonlarge

II i1 II H II For11—11 Ourll l.—||Prices, | JI Write32 Richards betthe stirring more Thesmooth.

ter. If it seems oily on the surface,

add one more teaspoon of glue, so that the mixture is sticky, and clings readily to the sides of the mixing bowl. The gesso when properly mixwhich consistency of a beed, should The Portals of Your

in a piled remain and pile upwill scrolled effect. If it is too liquid a

proper until the add whitingform,

If the mixChurch University is secured. consistency

ture is too thick, it can be thinned WILL SWING WIDE FOR YOU with a teaspoon of water.

When not in use, keep gesso in an airtight jar. School Opens, Please give me a list WhenQUESTION:

use. for general oil paints goodof

green (mediSeptember 25 ChromeANSWER:

um), chrome yellow, Harrison yellow, Van Dyke brown, mauve, Prus- [f you have not received the catalog, write today to

QUESTION:sian blue. Flake Iswhite,there burntanythingsienna.to The President

put into stencil paint which will make itANSWER:more fast? Add a few drops of Brigham Young University

"Permanent Mixture"to your paint Provo, Utah before using. It may be purchased at

any paint store, or they will be able to order it for you.

692 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

C/I Daughter of Martha [Continued from page 665]

came closer, Gloria heard a sickly, grease was just to her taste. But

weak cry from the baby. The she went outside while her mother

squaw tried the door, rattled the ate the last slice of bread and whislatch. The young Indian called pered to the stars: "Diamonds by

loudly and pounded upon the the chicken coop where I was door. Gloria stood petrified, born!"Later after prayers she

knowing that a telltale streak of muttered: "We believe in worsmoke from the chimney had shipping Almighty God accord- (d,: T3 showed the house was not deserted. ing—""Maud Muller on a sumThe young Indian pointed to it mer's day—"Fatigue and mounand resumed his poundings. Fitain water and water cress brought

—seek."nally the squawAn calledadditional"Poor babewail blessedMorningsleep. brought her brothers

proved her assertion and Gloria who were unharmed and who had

More for Your mastered her fear. Here was not traveled all night. The whites,

violence but distress. The little had conquered the Indians, and Milk Money blackhaired baby writhed with the boys were laden with gifts,

fever. Gloria learned they every bottle With had of Clover Leafthe grateful from settlers. TheHarris Milk you reservoir a get pine nuts fed him squirrel and that will ream whip! Indians the Only were subdued. The whites exclusivei Clover LeafHarris creamfor the gods! had returned of meat—fare to their top bottle homes. gives this Marextra you value.

For prompt, courteous daily service, garet Kirkman made biscuits, bread cake and flour. with white oil, followed Sweet Just call Wasatch 2177 Gloria produced pairs of many of by baths vinegar water soon socks. sons at laughed The the relief, brought the and amazed crooked furrows their women CloverLeafHarriseafHc parents stood by, while the white folks had plowed, at the and scant girl administered her magic. Late

fuel. supply of their smiles, But in the afternoon the slept baby held tears, back presents furand tranquilly. the bottle Taking of nished diversion from near emooil as a future precaution, and tion. There were shoes twoandPUTTING NEW ZEST all the in bread the the house, Dolly hats, a Varden pair of beauIN Indians LIVING departed. whole The tiful all woolen blankets. But diet too health. hangsModern anchors on many train stoically rehad their waited

feel live, thrill can drag. theYou the but they You as were nothing to compared turn. left,is they the lacking. As petsquaw

a fifth reader which health,Vibrant radiant energy depend upon ted Gloria's book—a riotous curls and mutinternal behavior. this maintains nothing And Gloria avidly ere consumed she tered:inner cleanliness perfectly so as diet proper purty!""Purty—heap slept. start afresh, to useTo health, to the back work when And cake was spinning The finished, not was ItLactoDextrin. cleanliness maintains inner cold the and biscuits browned, the driving outby putrefactive germs. the to cow be had milked canby Gloria'sLactoDextrin other appetite and Creek Battle Saniflour for returned, dle light, Gloria's but act of mercytarium Health Foods the at can obtained be lost she that craving for greens. proved to be bread the waters upon

copy book for a log, Mother,"Z. C. M. L of Thelife. next day Margaret Kirk- "Captain Burton used your

FREE DIET ADVICE man mixed all their remaining explained Stephen, "so we couldn't write. 'Twas the only in paper flour into Battle bread, dietistaff CreekAt scraping tin of maintain the a we

totians advise diet you all our camp. on problem. any Check It will go to the for the last box precious spoonful. particularyour diet problem the on coupon Governor."below to mail Ida chief and Kain, Jean our Still the neither boys wrote nordietitian. will She send for suggestions you

Gloria,""O, diet,your individual returned. without Henry charge. was bubNatur- is good news,""No news

ally, no diagnosis of will disease any be eagerness, with sang Gloria, saw "we vainly striving to blingattempted. Consult that. physician for your

Living,""Healthful writhelpful a most book ten by a leading nutrition will expert be chase the look of white despair your friend Jonas Whitman. That also

sent free. This offer to you saved plains."man is bona on the face. from her mother's Whatand without obligation. assistThe youadvice may fide grinned be difference joyously sudat the did it make,followed utmost with you He confidence whether whether you

use the foods in this System or not. were killed with a poisoned osden flame which covered Gloria's,

at his house. MAIL COUPON TODAY satgai or a poisoned arrow? face. "We stopped

Ida Jean Kain Z. C. M. I.-l He's a prosperous man. He's got

BATTLE THE CREEK FOOD CO., a farm and a store and a saw mill Battle Creek, Mich. I want to avail myself of your Free Diet GiILORIA developed a and two little children and a sickly

Service. diet problem My

of Also send copy "Healthfulis checkedLiving."below. sudden, unexplainable antipathy wife. His house has a place what

DOverweight Sour StomachDUnderweight(Check your GConstipationdiet problem) Shefor cravedbread andgreens;milkdandelions,and butter.pig youtory,growthey flowerscall it. in. There'sA conserva-a big Name

Address weed and even water cress, grown piano and wax flowers, and a lily

City.. State.. rank and stringy. Anything that pond in his lawn and a room with

could be flavored with candle nothing in it but books. He sent

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 693

you that reader we brought."Perhaps the comfort of the railday. Twentyfive thousand men,

Thanks to this new gift, "Horatio road would spur her father's comten thousand horses! They

at the Bridge"was soon added to ing. Maybe he would bring diaswarmed about like hills of disGloria's store of memorized poems. monds. He had said "await my turbed ants. Abuttments; blastcoming."ing; scraping; gravel; ties; rails.

1 HE Kirkman boys Swearing men. Water boys. Widefor eyed Chinese rushing to cook their father'swere impressed with first in of May TiHE all. haste, Feverish overthemtales of diamonds. twentytwo rival the sixtynine A found two giants, time. "Like hastening twocarat Gloria where diamond was Parallel fever heat. at companies to meet on the shores of the Great

laid. The Sea."Dead WeberRiver—diamondsborn! Diamonds aton thethe junctionOrange gradesUnion Pacificwere forgedbeing down

of the Vaal and Orange, diamonds Canyon, while the Central Pacific Knowing Gloria's eagerness to almost for the asking, if you were rounded the Lake. A long stretch go, and as an appreciation of Mrs.

there. of grade was now useless. Ten Kirkman's many kindnesses, a con-

"Well,"argued Thomas laconmiles of track were laid in one struction engineer took them to ically, "diamonds ten thousand miles away aren't worth any more to us than twinkling stars. The

railroad's coming soon—coming

from 'Frisco with fast. Coming it. M* L A. Reading Course StanfordGovernor behind

Coming from Omaha. They're

making history, and we can help Books make it too."for 19311932

"President Young has a contract ORDER A SET NOW, AND ENCOURAGE YOUR MEMBERS TO READ THEM. for ninety miles of grading. We Life Story of Brigham Young (Susa Young Gates and Leah D. Widtsoe) $2.50

have horses now. We will make Medical Aspects of the Latterday Saints Word of Wisdom (Dr. L. W. Oaks) 1.00

better wages than diamond digPeopleWith Maliceand MusicTowards(T. C.NoneMcGehee)(H. W. Morrow) 1.4075

gers,"added George, who was Singing in the Rain (A. S. Monroe) 2.00

usually noncommittal. His preLarry—Thoughts of Youth (Foster) 1.25

Scarlet) 80 Pioneers (Cohen and fulfilled. diction soon was

set "On ModernFull delivered of Seven Books, anywhere if remittance in full accompanies a to Echo"became popular slogan. order $9.00

Construction crews, Mongolian If sent C. O. D.-Parcel Post 9.50

laborers, teamsters, scrapers, enIf charged to your Ward. (See Note below) 9.70

gineers and surveyors swarmed like to yourTheseWardbooks forcannotnot beto sentexceedout sixtyand chargeddays iftotheindividuals.order is signedBooks mayby thebe chargedBishop.

ants about the two rival grades.

Margaret Kirkman secured employment cooking for one crew, with DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Gloria as her helper. Gloria had 44 East on South Temple P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah

never dreamed of such lavish supplies. All they needed to cook

was theirs. Dried fruits, white

flour, cured and fresh meats, butter in great wooden tubs. Margaret

Kirkman was cook a good and Bath Furnishings very shortly places vied for men at her table. Gloria washed

set peeled potatoes, dishes, Tell the Character tables, waited on the rough, voracious men. She, too, was helping to make history. of theWholeHome

She was turning her small cog in No room is more expressive than the bath. When

the wheel of the great Iron Horse. you build for yourself, or remodel your present

Every tie, every rail, every spike home, you will wish a bath that is beautiful and brought the vision closer. Rails practical.

would soon span the whole conKOHLER OF KOHLER plumbing fixtures merge and agree with the decorative tinent, linking the East and the scheme of the room, and lend an atmosphere of dignity and taste to the whole home.

West. Her dream of travel would The KOHLER trade mark, inconspicuously fused into the surface of every genuine

fixture, is your assurance beauty. of quality OF and enduring KOHLER KOHLER nearer. be smiled She to now Write for free booklet our to plan beautiful and dutiful on how bathrooms and

notice stage drivers behow the kitchens.

came less arrogant. Some of them

were even seeking employment on MOUNTAIN STATES SUPPLY CO.

the railroad. The yellow dusters

and the lemon colored gloves Distributors would pass into history along 316 West 2nd South St. Salt Lake City

with thebeautiful red and green "The difference between an old house and a new one is the plumbing"stages. Postage would be cheaper.

694 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

Promontory on that eventful May "O, he is in danger now,"re10th. plied Gloria quickly. "The Kafirs;

of never Gloria dare."mighty airplanes, The Art Although she later felt the whirl kill white men whenever they

thrill as experienced another such "Would that my wife could that ride to Promontory on a have health like yours!"Jonas

Preservative glorious May morning. The Whitman looked long at the raswaying, creaking flatcar was like diant and youthful beauty of

of all Arts the wings of Perseus. She did not Gloria Kirkman. "My wife gets smell the smoke, nor se? the cinders weaker each day. Our tiny baby

which floated backward. The girl is not strong either. Every

Fort Douglas band played nationnight I pray the Lord to spare al airs. Governor Stanford was the mother to rear the child."Printing there, wearing a velvet coat. Ladies

in wonderful, sweeping silk dresses, carrying fringed parasols; hilarGifLORIA felt a surgity, speeches, whistles and cheers. ing wave of sympathy for this

Chinamen laid the last two rails sick woman, who could not even for her baby. for the Central Pacific. care SOCIAL lived closer to us, I "If you

laid the Europeans last two could help,"answered. she But and rails Pacific. for the Union Jonas his head shook Whitman

COMMERCIAL sadly.

anhelp,"he "Only God can of gold. SPIKE A is slipping "She away. eagles had swered. double Distinctively Done Twentythree

I have prospered goods, in worldly as as into it! much Almost by gone I her. but to save am powerless they had they thought the fortune

UTAH'S PIONEER lost on the plains. A silver spike But I must not spoil your wonfrom Nevada, a silver and gold derful day with my troubles. HisPRINTERS one from Arizona. The last tie tory and beauty have combined to

was polished laurel wood from make this day a memorable one."

California. Governor Stanford He bowed gallantly, and soon he

removed his velvet coat and drove had again mingled in a group of that last spike. The crowd cheered; men. Gloria noticed that they

telegraph instruments clicked the listened attentively whenever he if \ news to the world; the two enleader. "Poor man!"she thought. The gines pushed together; the two enspoke. 'Undoubtedly he was a

greens with a tallow candle. But Descret gineersover thebrokeother'schampagneheadlight.bottlesA "I guess he never stirred dandelion

anyone to care for his little girl."News thousandseven hundredmiles fromfrom'Frisco.Missouri;A soon he will have no wife, nor

nose was permitted and pug Press littlehair Gloria Kirkman, with her red spring next 1 HE this! to witness her to Gloria's brothers took

29 Richards St. When the speeches were over ference. Margaret Kirkman confelt

Salt Lake City and the band had gone, Gloria her frail strength unequal to the felt a touch on her arm. There long ride. She also was failing, \ } behind her stood Jonas Whitman so she voluntarily remained at

little older, a little plumper, home with a neighbor boy to milk.—a

BE INDEPENDENT butthe samethe samedreamy,courtesyvisionaryin hisexpresvoice, highThewhenwheattheystoodleft. fourLookinginches

No Other Vocation So Profitable I sion in his eyes. back at the little valley as they

ENROLL NOW smiled, he noticed curve, Gloria a of Glory,"rounded "Crown

Course For a Complete carpet beautiful like grown. a green you have You at the "how are how

longer a bud. fields looked, the and a blossom smooth now>—no of Culture BeautyQuish School solid of one going of slightly to marry waving. mass you Are A

in the West The Best enor surveyors these green. four returned they many When

Bldg. 304-9 Ezra Thompson

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH gineers?"days later she could hardly believe

Gloria blushed, but answered her eyes. She rubbed them and

For Further Information and Catalog Call modestly, "I await my father's looked again. The wheat fields

Wasatch 7560 o* coming."were gone! Not beaten down by

Fill in This "Ah, he may now come in peace a violent rain; not scorched from

Coupon and luxury. There will be no a mountain wind; but every blade

horses for the Indians to steal, and shoot of green was as though and he will not need to lie in it had never been. A scourge of

agony until a little girl finds him."grasshoppers had swept over the

The Improvement Era for September, 1931 695

valley. They had clouded the felt rebellion surge, a glance at her

sun. They had settled on each mother's peaceful countenance

field, until no food remained, then filled her with shame. She longed

rose, and passed on to another. for the bully beef which they had

The mill race was filled with their all loathed when on board ship.

bodies. dried Rewards Margaret pressed vegetables had and Kirkman Even

are Ifyou interested—$P*caught four sacks of the as nectar been have them in would comdevelop ability the to speak—toeffectively in public everyday or inirrigation flume. Children, to the pared with unchanging of menu conversation—toforge aheadrags twice tied sticks, to pig bread, as doing, shooed weeds you them read and are now made from as

to Wonders With Work Words Howfast the flour potato plants.away from her brothers which Onhauled free. sent Dow

This pubnew booklet,"recentlyly the pig weeds remained untwo hundred miles. lished, points the road that thousands followed increase have toscathed. waNo dandelions—no quickly their earning power and

ter cress; only popularity. pig weeds for hu-

a. explains It can, you by *$$** their of one grass beand formans new, alsoeasy howstudy method, bunch animals. home FROM

fright stage an conquer speaker and trips brothers her brought the cometimidity fear. this will to prove settled booklet outstandingand read horde bo To the railroad had onA evening well an the of of death free Simply Jonas this news Whitand send address valuable and namespent.track a train. and stopped had

booklet once. at obligation. besent No girl little wife. baby The "It can't be,"cried Gloria, man's INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTHwill

"Our beautiful wheat."was so weak she could not walk 3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 4186, Chicago, 111.

'Tis lucky we have horses,"until"Well,she wasfamily,"three. Stephen asStephen practical. always was

role in the of parent "We sumed the THE NEW BOOK ENTITLEDcan go south charcoal, and burn father, absence of the hav- "we areand send food home."

I time. like ing a hard don't our

Gloria thought of the plenteous fare, and Mother weakens under Naturaltable she had set before the railit, I know. But in these past ten

road workers. Of the wife of years history has been made. These

Jonas Whitman, no doubt, who States United have abolished slavGovernment ill to eatwas too the good things ery. passed have a homeThey

he provided; she thought of the stead law which makes it possible Benj. B. byStringham

diamonds discovered at her birthfor the poor man to acquire land.

place. They have laid the Atlantic Cable, Outlines a Feasible Solution to the Present

"God's purpose is not yet reso messages can go over the water. Unequal Distribution of Wealth and the

vealed, but we will survive our And now the railroad has come. Unemployment Situation

affliction,"Margaret Kirkman's It has been a marvelous ten years."Procure a Copy Without Delay

voice held a quality more than Two years later when the fields Price $1.50

earthly. As she spoke she did not were again full of promise, and

glance at the diminishing sack of the Kirkman boys felt they could flour. afford to stay at home to cultivate The little book entitled

their farms, Jonas Whitman came "Markings Along the Highway of Life"seeking the "Crown of Glory."

sciengives scriptural, (ancient and modern) 1 HE following winter political that the truths proof tific and are in the book Government""NaturalGeorge went out with a shovel tainedcorrect conthe that time for and such a workand cleaning some bare ground, Margaret kirkcome forth and be adopted is at our door.to

dug up a panful of soil. This he man was failing rapidly. She Price 50c

thawed out slowly, behind the wanted Gloria safely and wisely her. The two Whitman children DESERET BOOK COMPANYstove.together—unmistakableThen he called thesignsfamilyof married while she was still with Distributed by

grasshopper larvae were all needed a mother's care. The tiny 44 East South Temple

through the soil. Anna, suffering from a physical Salt Lake City, Utah

"I guess,"he said in his slow weakness which threatened to be methodical manner, "we boys had mental, needed hourly care from loving hands. Jonas to again."charcoalbetter go had burn Whitman r

a dirt than more to his roof siege years. lasted four home The The Utah High than more rough his i shoes and boards fortunate toGloria have on was

ifor Sundays and holidays. There floors. He had a glassroofed room School of Beauty

he where experimented currants.were wild with moss no berries or Culture

roses, a library in the with books strawberries rank meaNo and ] 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

dows. No blade of wheat was books and more books. And his Learn a profession that would make

permitted to head or ripen. Even hair wss no longer a rich brown, you independent for the rest of

the sunflowers were eaten from the but thinning at the temples. His your life. Write for catalog.

roof of their house; the few preeyes held the dreamy, faraway i Mail this Coupon.

cious potatoes they were able to expression which belongs to men shield had to be hoarded for yeast. of vision, but his coat lacked a Name

Fortunately, there was game and button. Address

|her brothers were able to keep the "I need you, Crown of Glory,"CityWe can provide room and board to table fairly well supplied with he pleaded. More than his words, students out of town. s

meats and fish. Whenever Gloria Gloria noticed his collar had been

696 The Improvement Era for September, 1931

SfliithtirWtt)(Wtlttl<lhVl scorched in the ironing. Here she dye, no need to use ravelings for

could serve and render a real serthread.

vice to humanity. She would rear

his children kindly—she would The day er infrequent letter came from IMPORTANT mother the weak Anna. So, after of her marriage anoth-

a week of whirlwind.courtship John Kirkman in far away Africa:

has carats preparations, and 83 hasty Gloria weighing diamond "A NOTICE is It River. the Orange on been found Gloria became Kirkman Whitman.

It Africa."of South Star called "The The Joseph Wm. Taylor a flowered gray silk with A bepounds. They train, sold for 25,000 Mortuary kid gloves that beautiwere more earth. the into to dig ginning A arecertain

Wishes to Announce to their Many ful than the stage driver's because blue soil contains diamonds, as well as a I party going joining river beds. am under the Friends their Incorporation delicate a gray, they were a

trekking wagons. in Boer hat inland, Do Name of

set to flowers straw with upon I will yet. come, expect not When I me

the riotous, red curls! She would be rich. I will no longer send money,

a large diabring just to be Muller like Maud for mond mylost.littleI willGloria. her But with Joseph Wm. Taylor whono longerraked thebe hay. Kirkman.""John

of fortunes she would: Ine. change

hungry "Feed the and clothe the poor "You are no longer his little

The high class efficient service will And all should bless me who left my Gloria, you are mine!"whispered

the same continue with personnel that door."Jonas Whitman. "Mine to keep,

Taylor. assisted Mr.

to love, to cherish. Mine, to

1 HERE need be no change my desolate house into a "T/ie cost is a matter of further scrapings of the flour can; home!"

your own desire."no boiling of tagalder bark for (To be continued)

(IW'gJsVl*-

Marguerite Taylor Lukey Pres. and Treas.

William C. Lukey Vice Pies, and Mgr. Laro

125 N. Main Was. 7600 [Continued from page 667]

rilla received a telegram. With her mind. A flip of a switch;KMLmmmmmmmmmmmM nervous fingers she tore it open. a turn of the dial, and—she

"Mother,"it read. "I am very growled as a man's voice came

sick. Could you come. My baby through the loud speaker. Did

is here."they have to give Peace talks on

Index to Advertisers A hard straight line settled upon a day like this? She whirled the

lips. she dial Broadcast. Merrilla's National to a Mormon,"The "A 692 Battle Creek Co. Food

first! die scarcely "I'd snorted. confusion I would of sounds made

Beneficial Insurance Life (Z.Co—BackC. M. I.)Cover flush rather die."impression her distracted and mounted upon any A 686 Paint GlassBennett Co 8

face. It senses. singing. suffused choir a her Mormon!"was "A 691 UniversityBrigham Young

She paced back and forth fretShe leaned back in the deep chairBroadway Felt Company 691 strange confusion of and closed her eyes. Like anCitizen's Coal Company 688 fully. A

Clover LeafHarris Dairy 692 emotions were warring in her electric shock every fiber in her

Deseret Book Company 693 breast. "Oh, God,"she prayed, body came to life; every sense

Deseret News Press 694 "What can I do?"snapped to alert attention to the

Fleischmann's Yeast 691 She made an effort to read, but music that was coming through.

First Security Corp Inside Back Cover tossed the book aside. It was Largo. Despite the disGrant, Heber J. > Company 68 6 Outside a soft rain was falling. tortion peculiar to the radio she

Intermountain Broadcasting Corp. It was cold. A shiver shook her caught a distinctly new spirit in

(K D Y L) 689 body. Should she go? Could she its tones.,As the last vibrations

? A thouof that great masterpiece died awayL. D. S. Business College 687 stoop so low as to—

McCune School of Music and Art 685 sand pictures began unreeling she threw her head into her hands

Mountain States Supply Co 693 themselves before ber like a cinema. and wept.

North American Institute 695 She pressed her hands to her head. "This is being broadcast from

PorterWalton Company the Salt at Tabernacle baby's Mormon own darling 688 A baby—her Beauty Culture 694Quish School of the finger the voice of City,"came Lake baby Her... a Mormon.

Radio Service Corp. of Utah (K S L) nails bit deep into the palms of her announcer.

Inside Front Cover Merrilla her stood shakily upon hands.... Sick—with a baby. 690 BakingRoyal Company

feet. first the in time For many

Cabinet 691Salt Co Lake 8 Fixture she at peace. calm months and was 690 MilkSego Company girl whoStringham, Benjamin B 695 B.>ACK and forth she "Jane,"she said to the

Taylor, Joseph Wm., Inc, 696 paced like an animal in a cage. It answered her summons, "pack my

seemed like many hours. She things. I am going on a trip.Utah High School of Beauty Culture695

strode to the radio, stubbornly dePlease hurry, for I only have an termined to push all thought from hour to reach my train."

Save forafunnyDay the FirstSecurity (e)ay

VACATION DAYS

IFARE SUNNY DAYS planned for in advance with regular weekly or monthly deposits in a First Security Savings Account. Begin now to build up your

Vacation Fund for next year.

Bank by mail or in person with any of the following:

Shoshone, Rupert, Gooding, Mountain Trust Payette, Security Home, First and NationalSecurity Bank and Montpelier Ashton, Hailey, Blackfoot, Savings First Jerome, National and First Salt Lake;Company,

Superior, South Springs and Idaho; Rock Preston, Company, Brothers Banking ThatcherBank, Ogden;

Logan; Knight Trust & Savings Bank, Provo; AnderWyoming; Richmond, Magna, Garfield, and Bingham,

son Brothers Bank, Idaho Falls, Idaho; and First Utah,

Security Banks at Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett,

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

IS CERTAINTHE ONE METHOD THAT

F ACTSvide aandBeneficialfigures willcontractconvincethatyouputsthatyourjustfamilya littleandbudgetingyourselfwillon prothe

safe side.

is posiIt eliminates that worry of what might happen—for Life Insurance

tive, making your future, your family's future positive.

Don t gamble on the intentions bring only disappointment. future—good

Act at once. Full details will be gladly furnished by any representative of

<Jhe BIG HOME COMPANY BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HOME OFFICE - SALT LAKE CITY HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, General Mgr.

LIFE INSURANCE—The first and most important investment for every home.

i '