High School Seniors! Put Yourselves in This Picture

As graduation time approaches, the high school student MORE FOR YOU AT BYU faces a vital decision—the choice of a college which will

determine his career, friends, outlook, and economic status BALANCED EDUCATION—BYU students

for the rest of his life. Get the BONUS education of a

GREAT Church university with all of the advantages of the receive education of mind, body, and big university yet all the friendliness of a small college. spirit together in an ideal social climate.

Plan NOW to enroll at BYU and get your education the Y's way. FINEST FACILITIES—Beautiful new buildREMEMBER THESE DATES: andings laboratories.provide finest residences, classrooms

Leadership Week June 1216 OUTSTANDING FACULTY—Adequate facSummer School Starts June 19 ulty has been trained in a hundred univerFreshman Orientation Sept. 1316 sities.

1st Semester Registration Sept. 1819

CLIP AND MAIL HIGH STANDARDS - BYU academic standards are high, but pay dividends in the long run;. BYU graduates are in demand

TO: Public Relations Department over the nation.

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

FRIENDLY SPIRIT—Student activities are

Piease send me free of charge additional information outstanding because students are friendly;

about BYU, I am especially interested in club and church activities are open to all.

Name..

Address City State. Brigham Young

UNIVERSITY Purity is now...

mmmmBmm.:......: SUPREME

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

Muscle Worm

The outer part of the earthworm contains two layers of muscles at right angles to each other. One set

encircles the bodv, and the other runs along it. The tension in the

muscles produces a pressure in the contained liquid and stiffens the animal, but the liquid is contained by bulkheads so that each region has its own control for a constant volume. The

earthworm moves by contracting the two sets of muscles in turn which give alternate lengthening and Next time you shop, watch for your thickening. favorite Purity Supreme Saltines... presented in a sparkling new package featQuick Potatoes uring the red Supreme diamond.

Housewives at Climax, Colorado, altitude 11,320 feet report that it You'll find one Purity panel from the takes 1 hour to cook potatoes by package you've bought for years... to

boiling but only 10 minutes in a pressure cooker. remind you that Purity Supreme Saltines

are the same "supremely"thin, crisp,

Fiber Optics ovenfresh saltines you've always preOne of the most important scienferred.

tific developments is that of fiber optics. Light inside a tiny fiber is

totally, internally reflected and carried along its fiber just as in a pipe or microwave waveguide. A pattern imaged on a bundle of fibers is

carried through them and appears at the other end as if the image were formed there. Among many applications, the medical use offers great

promise to permit inspection of inThe Supreme diamond denotes the terior parts of the body, difficult to difference—Supreme quality.

examine with conventional optical SUPREMEdevices. It is hoped that even the SUPREME BAKERS

inside of the heart can be examined! Purity Biscuit Company, Salt Lake City

Bowman Biscuit Company, Denver, Colorado

MAY 1961 281 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for May 1961 Volume 64, Number 5

Church Features

Editor's Page: The Priesthood... and the Young Men of the Church,

President David O. McKay...... 294

Your Question: When Did Jesus Appear to the Nephites?

296 President Joseph Fielding Smith.—

The Church Moves On, 292; Melchizedek Priesthood, How to Magnify a Priesthood Calling,

346; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 348.

Special Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Epochal Events at the Prophet's Birthplace, Carter E. Grant 298 Photographs

Help Your Child Choose the Right Career, Edmund C. Hasse 302 U.S.FernandNavy,Rausser,288 294

They Came to Zion, Laura P. Gamble.,- 310 FritzDouglasHenle,W. Burton,Monkmeyer,298, 313299

How to Teach the New Testament, William E. Berrett 314 BettmanErnst Wittke,Archive,320,318,321 319

Which Translation of the Book of Mormon Did Your Ancestors Read? Art

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 318 Jon Anderson, 281, 350, 360

How Can I Interest My Nonmember and Inactive Loved Ones in the Church? DaveDale Kilbourn,Burton, 302,306,304,307305

Luch, 310 Warren Nagata, 322 George E. Watkins -—320 Ted

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 320321

Conquer the Darkness, Marion D. Hanks 321

The Flower of Salt Lake, Bernice Gibbs Anderson...:., 322

After Many Days It Shall Return to You, Alvin D. Day 325

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 328, 330, 334, 336

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 281; Letters and Reports, 284; These Times:

Another George Washington, G. Homer Durham, 288; June Conference Announcement, 332.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Like Mother Used to Bake 350 Singing to the Children, Mary N. S. Whiteley 356

The Last Word -- 360

Stories, Poetry Teamwork, Tom W. Harris 306

Poetry 291, 313, 316, 317

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah the cover:

pierces granite shaft which The

Editor; Associate Managing Editor; C. Albert Josephson, L. Editors; Green, Marba Managing Evans, L. Doyle at Sharon, Richard and sky O. Windsor Vermont David Today'sL. Zobell, Editorial FamilyJb., the B. Pinnock, Stephan, Judith Florence E. Grant, Middleton. Patricia Carter McKayEditor; Kinneab, G. Research John birthplace the Vermont, marking County,

Editor; Art Directors. Associate Reynolds Maryon, and Era Youth RalphAssociates; Ed Editor; of The Cannon, Youth Elaine Era Editor; Hanks, The D. Marion is our Smith, of Prophet the Joseph

Editors. Contributing Sperby, S. Nibley, Harris, Sidney Franklin Huch Jr., G. Durham,of Archibald Homer F Bennett, subject. color transparency cover The Director; Subscription Business Snarr, Manager; Glen A. Associate Scott, General S. Manager; Reeder, Verl Manager; FB. Bentley, General Bertha T. of R. the Burns courtesy

Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, JosephThayer director the of isCrookston,through

Funds, 1961 by Mutual Copyright price reserved. Subscription S3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual ImprovementS3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of the50e Churchsingle copy,of JesusexceptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayissues.Saints. All rights Joseph Smith Memorial.

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake Citv, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Era Improvement The a word accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l"4c and must be

notice days'Thirty cannot changes be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverbv DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

282 THE IMPROVEMENT EKA LATEST LDS SELECTIONS

i. 2. PARTY PATTERNS 3. CALIFORNIA MORMONSLIVING TRUTHS Monroe J. and Shirley Paxman By Sail and Trail

of account Mormon colonies dramatic have Night Fun"out This come now seldommentioned the relatesFROM THE DOCTRINE "FamilywithThe husbandand-wifethis team that gave you Annaleone D. Patton gives book that in California monthnew fun

bymonth suggestions for allout, yearround rescue by California Mormons of some of partyactivities. Hosts of ideas are offered the illfated Donner party members. It defor varied the "Brooklyn"the trip of kinds most of entertainments exciting picts COVENANTS&

to small intimate America from to South great groups around numYork from theNew bers. Buena, party at idea Yerba Each finally outlined docking from Hawaii, Hinckley Christine Robinson

to table house decorations, highlights historical is various other and many skits, quizzes, refreshments. and history. early California QPgames, for quiet, reis a choice volume Here 0in

flective, inspirational reading! Originally prepared as Relief Society

these Messages, Visiting Teacher 4. Classic LDS of an New Edition SUCCESSFUL LEADERSHIP

collected together of Truth""Gems by Extension Compiled Division BYU 5-BRIGHAM AT YOUNG HOME set in instances, and amplified some leaders Topnotch in the offer business world Spencer Clarissa and Young prineternal, forth unchangeable a in material of wealth this collection of Harmer Mabel ciples. to serve addresses. as Designed ideas a pracpresented The will here

is help to build qualities given leadership biographical in busiof information Excellent living, tical daily to spiritual guide other colorful enterprizes, this will in and in fascinating storyform upgrade in appeal are universal they and efficiency,ness life. in effecting help orand greater of domestic Young's account Brigham

adaptability. ganization. can be read one Sections Each are of the picture Busilarge captioned: complete A

ness and Industrial Leadership, the countless Principles probreared family he complete separate—isofsketched message as a and

of Business resolved. Management, Leadership successfully he and lems and met daily guidepost. and used as a Executive in Development this Business, request, Reprinted popular book and by

reads like a novel. OQ 200 Leadership and Christian Principles. *% FA

Deseret Book Company Minim 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 1IMIIIII Gentlemen:

.llllllllllllllllllllll -—. - Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order I have an account. M

Please charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled DeseretfesBooh Co.

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah (numbered) books: 3 4 5 12

Name Address.

City Zone State..

Residents of Utah include 2Vi% sales tax.

MAY 1961 283 w LettersI?THE andPAINT COLORS

ReportsOF THE SEASON

LITTLE ROCK BUILDING FUND

The Elder's Quorum in the Little Rock ing our 1961 course of study on the (Arkansas) Branch of the Central States Book of Mormon."

Mission, with the help of the entire priestPictures (left to right) are the elders hood of the branch, raised nearly $1,000 of the Little Rock Branch. Front row:

in the sale of Christmas trees the last Warren Wilhite, Gilbert Culwell, Harold two Decembers as part of the branch's Spradlin, and Bobby Spradlin. Second

< building fund project. Plans are going row: Pete Wiggins, Rodney Wanner, Mark "PREDICTOR ahead so that the Little Rock Branch will Bohn, Jerry Fuller. Third row: Pete

be able to build a meeting place of their Wiggins, Jr., Don Gillespie, Tom Brown,

own sometime in the near future. and Gilbert Fuller. Fourth row: Clark

The president of the quorum, Elder Bean, Donald Cronk, Stan Andrews, and COLORS"Donald R. Cronk, writes: "We have used Gerald Fvdler. Fifth row: Charles Long,

Here are the new colors in home furnishings thetimeslastalreadyNovemberas a teachingissue of theaid Erain followmany TonyJack Woodworth,Cooley. Curtis McClellan, and

—easily yours in Bennett's Colorizer Paints!

Jay Bird Blue... Swedish Red... GoldenIdaho Falls, Idaho have been so impressed that they want

to know all about our Church and the rod... Wintergreen... Moonglow... AIR LINE magazines.

HOSTESS By my reading the Era and receiving

Nile Blue and two dozen others! They're COMMENTS the inspirational thoughts and words of

counsel from the Authorities, it has made new as this morning, fresh as the dawn. All Dear Editors, it easier to live the standards of our

Have wanted to Church.

36 are displayed in this handsome decorawrite and tell you My flying career will soon come to a how much I apprehalt because I have been called to serve ting guide, together with 12 complete color ciate the excellent a mission in the Eastern Atlantic States.

work you're doing I'm thrilled about my call and know I will schemes prepared by a noted interior decwith the Improvebe able to tell the people of the truthfulment Era. I'm an ness of the Church. The Improvement

orator. See "Predictor Colors"at Bennett's, airline stewardess Era has helped me stay on the right path.

stationed in Seattle, Washington, and have I always look forward to reading the or at your nearest Bennett's paint dealer. been an active member of the Church new issues.

all of my life. I've taken the Improvement Keep up the good work and may God

Era with me on all my flights to read if continue to bless you all.

time. to this there any spare I had Due

passengers times have have Sincerely, been when taken the book to look through. They Bonnie WilliamsBENNETT'S

UNCOMMON COMMA ERROR

What a difference a comma can make! Cuthbert, king of Kanosh..."which

in the appeared, 174 of Bishop have Era should the March "There was On page PAI NTS article King, faces Cuthbert Olive of Kanosh."Heroes"by "Humble Our W.

65 W. 1st South 21st So. & 2nd West Burt, we printed, "... there was Bishop are indeed red.—The Editors

BENNETT'S BRANCHES AND DEALERS in the Intermountain Area and So. California

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is the

most important

seat in the

country

Tom here, is discovering the atom.

But the most exciting discovery in the classroom could well be Tom himself.

For he's the owner of a bright, inquiring mind—and possible seeds

of greatness.

His and other keen minds should be given the chance to develop their capabilities to the fullest..

for the nation's very existence depends on their growth.

Today, industry is uniting with education to help provide this chance. For its part, Standard is

investing $1,300,000 this year in scholarships, fellowships, research grants, direct aid to colleges and universities... teaching aids,

educational broadcasts.

Industry's investment, we believe, will be returned many times over in enriched minds and improved technology.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1961 285 CORRECTION

In the article "Preparation or Panic"[which appeared in the April issue, page jl237, the solution given for the treatment of shock, item 4-b., should contain baking

soda rather than baking powder.

A STITCH IN TIME

Jeanette Olsen, from the Crescent

Ward, Mt. Jordan (Utah) Stake, knows

that sewing can be fun—and rewarding

too!

Jeanette recently won the National 4-H

Club contest in "Clothing"because of her talent as a seamstress. She was awarded

a $400 scholarship when she attended the 4-H Club Congress in Chicago.

"It's great fun,"she says, "to window shop in stores, catalogs, and pattern books for ideas and then shop for just the right material. But the greatest joy comes from

wearing what you have made."Jeanette

who is now nineteen, has been sewing ever since she made a laundry bag and luncheon cloth when she was ten. Jean-

! has earned individual awards, sevenFOUND

Gleaner, A way to give you the nourishing etteis an Honor and Silver Bee is toward Gleaner her Golden now workingprotem only natural whole wheat can provide she award. qualiGleaner the Golden One of

fications, to make three articles of clothing, will be easy for Jeanette—she made over

Carnation Instant Wheat is higherprotein wheat, fifty last year!

lowheat flakes tinyrolled into by an exclusive, and (amation the nutrition preserves processprocess. This A BISHOP COMMENTSenergy values that only complete "whole"kernel

wheat, wheat germ and wheat bran can provide. Magna, Utah

Your family will love the nutlike flavor of this INSTANT Dear Era Staff:

you must know By now of my greatgoldengrain wheat cereal. WHEAT affection for esteem the Improvement and

Carnation Instant Wheat gives you all the wheat Era. I began receiving my issues during

germ and all the B-vitamins of "natural"whole World War II in 1944 while aboard a wheat. Enjoy its delicious flavor, served hot with destroyer in the Pacific theater of action.

brown sugar and milk. Whiletain a formalI have educationnot been aboveprivilegedhigh school,to ob-

I would like to say that because of the

Era being in our home nearly every month since 1944 it has in very fact, been our teacher for a wonderful, beautiful, well balanced education. As:ny memory is

( THE CENTER OF N? triggered by recalling thoughts from the

(v CONVENIENCE y littlemany wonderhundredsaboutof articlesthe peace,read, contentthere is

A-.,-, 9 NEW AMERICA ment, and happiness which fills our lives

association after years seventeen today motel Covey4 to continue heaven Era. our with... May 320BEAUT*BEAUTIFUL ROOMSSHOT little of style, smile you. upon I know MAINSALONAT FIFTH BAtM.ltSOUTH

formats, etc., as far as publications are concerned, but I know what a testimony is,

and the Era has had a happy share in developing mine.

Affectionately, if salt lake city Bishop Jimmie L. Hales

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE 5-WEEKDAYSfor the best in

CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS

I his daily CBS presentation with Captain

I 15 tO CAPTAIN KANGAROO is packed with wholesome entertainment that 8**** Kangaroo and Mr. Greenjeans

has made it an awardwinning delight for kids... and their harried moms. UU d 111

The class to order comes each day viewers, of area 11 "00 TO atROMPER11 and Miss ROOMBarbara, favoriteSCHOOLof thousands directs the

interesting projects. Presented by Cream O'WeberCottonwood, Clover Club

Chips, 11:30 am activityPotato as studio classmates and those at home participate in educational and Bread. Peter Pan

For the best in children's programs

For the best of EVERYTHING Take 5- CBS for the Mountain West KSLTV 5

MAY 1961 287 THESE TIMES

quality

copper printing

plates color process or black & white

Another George Washington:

Bastion of the Free World

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

of also States the 380President United 15, 1960, a new On NovemberCALL COLLECT I RICHMOND 92396 R@SEENGRAVINGIVXjl—COMPANY that the expressed the sailed CharlesGeorge hope foot from submarine

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif. ton, South Carolina. This vessel is Washington and other ships of its

the George Washington. Its esticlass "will perform a service to world

mated cost was $110,000,000. It is peace worthy of the great names

nuclear powered. Such ships may they bear."The Theodore Roosebe capable of staying at sea for as velt, the fourth Polaris submarine,

Gives you the ultimate long as three years. Sister ships was launched February 24, 1961.

have made the remarkable voyage Thus has been added another inin fingertip total under the polar ice cap. The new strument of ingenious device for the

George Washington, according to protection of the free world.

the 17, 1957, New a list electric living now.. informationPolaris missiles.made Accordingpublic, carriesto re16 YorkOn TimesFebruaryreleased with an

leases from the Navy Department, accompanying map of the US bases and for years to come. these 16 missiles are equal in deoverseas. This group of bases repstructive power to all the bombs resented at that time the American

dropped in World War II. effort to provide an effective police

Before leaving office, President power for world order. The followEisenhower, in office at the time of ing overseas bases were listed:

the launching of the George Washington, said, "The George WashingPlace No. of Bases

ton... possesses power and relative Alaska 6

invulnerability which will make Aleutians 1 suicidal any attempt by an aggressor Greenland 3 to attack the free world by surCanada 4 prise."About the same time, Iceland 1

Admiral Arleigh A. Burke in a radio United Kingdom 17

message to the crew of the vessel West Germany 20 of their extolled mission peace and France 11 is allfuture When the defense. peaceful told the Spain crew 5 He

electric, buy anything why that they "the powermost manned Morocco 5 but a Gold Medallion Home? ful weapons system ever devised,"Azores 1

but that the great value of their Libya 1 ship and of their mission would be Italy 1 established only "if the need to fire Turkey 1 your missiles never arises."The (Continued on page 290) UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your deafer

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Samsonite CHAIlt BUYER'S GUIDE

k">AiVlk>V*JN JL Hi JlAb XX (The best chair for your group seating needs)

Whatever your choice, you're getting the finest, strongGrey, Counterpoint Tan, Counterpoint White, Gala Blue.

est folding or stacking chair made. Every Samsonite H. #1200. Folding arm chair; Samsontex vinylupholstered, in

chair features electrically welded tubular steel construcpointContractWhite,Brown,GalaCounterpointBlue. Grey, Counterpoint Tan, Countertion (with all metal parts "Bonderized"for rustresist- I. #2300. Juvenile folding chair in Grey or Brown.

ance). Chipresistant baked enamel finish adds to the J. #6600. Vinylupholstered folding chair in Counterpoint Grey,

long wear—and good looks. So take your pick, and place Counterpoint Tan, Counterpoint White, Gala Blue.

your order now K. #6800. Samsontex vinylupholstered folding chair in Counter-

A. #2600. Allsteel folding chair in Bronze, Brown, Grey. point Grey, Counterpoint Tan, Counterpoint White, Gala Blue.

B. #2075. PlywoodSeat folding chair in Natural Blond Finish; backL. #2625.and frameFoldingin Greytabletarmor Brown.chair in Natural Blond Finish;

back and frame. or BrownGrey

C. #6400. Luxurious Samsontexupholstcred stacking chair in For church, school, club, other group seating

Yearling Black, Yearling Tan, Yearling White. information, see your Yellow Pages or write:

Bros., Institutional Seating Div., ShwayderD. #2650. PlastiShield folding chair in Counterpoint Tan, Dept. Detroit 29, Mich. IE51,Counterpoint Grey.

E. #6000. Vinylupholstered stacking chair in Counterpoint

Grey, Counterpoint Tan, Counterpoint White and Gala Blue.

F. #1700. Vinylupholstered folding chair in Contract Brown,

Counterpoint Grey, Counterpoint Tan, Counterpoint White, Gala

Blue.

G. #6200. Vinylupholstered stacking armchair in Counterpoint FOLDINGSamsoniteand STACKING CHAIRS

MAY 1961 289 These Times

(Continued from page 288)

Saudi Arabia 1 Formosa 5 Philippine Islands 3 Okinawa 2 South Korea 4 Japan 18 Guam 2 Hawaii 2 TOTAL 114

According to public information available in the early months of 1961, the US armed forces on active duty totalled approximately 2V2 million. About 20 percent of these

forces are overseas, some 537,000 of

Monument Park Stake the 2M> million. These forces are

House and Monument stationed in 52 foreign countries.

Park Twelfth Ward at The Air Force at that time (1961) 13th South and 23rd had approximately 102 overseas inEast built with Clinton stallations.

Rose Matt, outside, and Clinton Rose The foregoing efforts represent a

Smooth brick, inside, great investment on the part of the from Utah Fire Clay Co American taxpayer since approximately 1947.

To the "ramparts"thus "watched"

Brick is the true aristocrat of building materials. It provides enduring by these forces at these bases have

beauty and strength and versatility in construction. Because it never been added the new Polaristype

requires painting, brick provides lowcost maintenance. # For churches, nuclear submarines. About a dozen

for homes, for almost any building need, you can do better with BRICK. more such vessels have been authorized, including Patrick the Fire Clay of Gladding, now a subsidiary Company, McBean# Utah & Henry. expressed has The Navy the offersCo., finest assortment you sizes. in all popular of new colors 45 to have hope George WashingSee our Patio Gardens display of face brick, ontype, Polarisarmed submarines

under service by 1965.

Where is the George Washington today or tonight? When launchedUTAH FIRE CLAY CO. November 15, 1960, it sailed under

mmbbIKHBI A SUBSIDIARY OF GLADDING, McBEAN & CO. secret orders. Some have speculated that it would take up the watch

"CRAFTSMEN IN CLAY"in the North Norway Sea, or the—

1078 SOUTH FIRST WEST SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH EM 3-2763 Barents Sea where the illfated

RB47 met an untimely fate earlier in the summer of 1960. Wherever

the George Washington is, the Theodore Roosevelt, the Patrick Henry, iHif fottu $0 if Ackwt tw... orjointhethefuturefleet,sisterwe canshipsassumewhich thatwill

at home through they are under firm orders to mainHome Study tain,stitutiondefend,of theandUnitedprotectStatesthe Conand the principles for which it stands.

HOME STUDY The George Washington thus takes

Brigham Young University its place in the great system of

Pravo, Utah Please tend a free HOME STUDY external defense which includes the catalog to NATO countries, the great nation

Name of Canada to the north, the SEATO

Address powers, plus the efforts maintained

City State

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through the Rio and the Baghdad pacts. Here is great power in these times. DOGS LOVE

The statement in section 64 of the

Doctrine and Covenants may not be wholly applicable, but it comes to the eye and mind with great timeliness: PEOPLE...

"For, behold, I say unto you that

Zion shall flourish, and the glory of the Lord shall be upon her;

"And she shall be an ensign unto the people, and there shall come who buy new unto her out of every nation under heaven. "And the day shall come when the nations of the earth shall tremble because of her and shall fear Formula because of her terrible ones. The

Lord hath spoken it. Amen."

(D&C 64:4143.)

Equally timely may be the challenging concept in section 65 which follows "Call upon the Lord, that his kingdom may go forth upon the earth, that the inhabitants thereof may receive it, and be prepared for the days to come, in the which the son of man shall come down in heaven, clothed in the brightness of his glory, to meet the kingdom of

God which is set up on the earth.

"Wherefore, may the kingdom of Your dog will love Dr. Ross'new Formula 27.

forth, that theGod go kingdom of It has an exciting new flavor... a heavenlyheaven that come, may thou, O God,

mayest be glorified in heaven so on aroma and is so good for him! You can

earth, that thine enemies may be be sure your pet is getting a balanced diet subdued; for thine is the honor, when you feed him Dr. Ross'Formula 27,

power and glorv, forever and ever.

Amen."(Ibid., 65:5-6.) a new scientific development in food

processing. Made naturally from nature's

finest ingredients... Dr. Ross'Formula 27

is a carefully balanced diet... formulated

like a doctor's prescription to promote good health and longer life. No additional

PEACE TODAY meat is required... so easy to feed, just

pour it from the package or add hot water

BY ZELDA DAVIS HOWARD if you wish. Buy some today and treat

your pet to the best meal yet... he'll love

Father in heaven, help me to take Formula 27 and love you for buying it.

from my Made in U.S.A.

Tears, and disappointment of yesterday,

Fresh hope with courage and understanding,

To cover all the cares of tomorrow's hours, That, in my soul, I may have peace Formula 27 contains Formula 27 contains Formula 27 contains today! more protein per ounce more calcium per ounce nature's finest whole

than sirloin steak. than whole fresh milk. grain cereals.

ROSS FOOD CO,

MAY 1961 291 Something, has happened to TRAVEL The Church Ever hear of 2 weeks on 3 islands, deluxe hotels, sightseeing, cruises, entertainment,freePLUSUdriveround auto,trip air Moves On travel... all for only

$469.50 from Salt Lake

- $399.50 from California February 1961

It's true! Next departure June 9

and monthly departure The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder H.

thereafter. Or Clay Cummings as president of the New Zealand Mission,

6 days of glorious fun—succeeding President Robert L. Simpson. President Cumhotels,deluxe free mings, whose home

auto, sight-U-drive at the assignment $229.00 Newis Zealandin HeberTempleCity, BureauUtah, hasof Information.been on specialHe seeingfrom

coast, $299.00 from is a former president of the Wasatch (Utah) Stake, a former Salt Lake. Departures

every Friday. bishop of Heber Second Ward, and served in the Eastern States

and in the Northern States Mission. He will be accompanied to

his field of labor by Mrs. Cummings.

as president of the New Zealand South pm FredTheW. FirstSchwendimanPresidency announced the appointment of Elder President Anderson. P. Alexander President Mission, succeeding

(ball) the "kini and popo"get on So—of the of Deseret the general board Schwendiman is a member for reservations lea lea""nui your make

(much fun). Why not do it—NOW! Sunday School Union. He is a former president of the Wells

( Salt Lake City ) Stake, and a former bishop of that stake's Whittier

Zeamissions served Mrs. Schwendiman and Ward. in New He KOBBINS mission to time he 1922, was acting during which land from 1918 R. A V E L

secretary. Mrs. mission for eight president and also months was kwrtwtm the of general the board of a former member Schwendiman, 14 S. Main—Ph. EL 5-4651—Salt Lake City YWMIA, will accompany him to this assignment. There are two

missions and three stakes functioning in New Zealand.

London (England) Stake organized under the direction of i,J President David O. McKay, Elder Hugh B. Brown of the

// looks like cream Council of the Twelve, and Elders Alvin R. Dyer, president

of the European Mission, and N. Eldon Tanner, Assistants to the

Council of the Twelve. Elder Donald W. Hemingway sustained

as stake president with Elders James Patrick Hill and James

Robert Cunningham as counselors. Wards are Crawley, Hyde

Park, Luton, St. Albans, North London, and South London.

Branches are Stevenage and Welwyn Garden City. London has

long been an administrative center of an important unit of the

Church. The first one, the London Conference, was organized

February 14, 1841, with Elder Lorenzo Snow, later President of -pours like cream the Church,Granger asNorthpresident.(Utah) Stake organized from parts of Granger

and Taylorsville stakes, with Elder Frankland J. Kennard, formerly

first counselor in the Granger Stake, as president. His counselors

are Elders Ray L. White and David D. Lingard. Granger North

Stake has a membership of approximately 5,700 residing in Granger

Fifth, Granger Sixth, Granger Seventh, Granger Ninth, Granger

Tenth, Redwood, and Redwood Second wards. President Iris B.

Morgan was resustained in the Granger Stake. His second counselor, Elder Clay I. Petersen, was released. President Morgan's

new counselors are Elders Maurice M. Harman and Edgar L.

Todd. Granger Third, Granger Eighth, and Granger Eleventh

-tastes even better! wards comprise the stake. About 450 members were transferred

from the Taylorsville Stake at this conference. The organizations

were effected by Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

and Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Council of

the Twelve. Granger North is the 324th stake functioning in the

Church. The Granger area is said to have first been settled in

1849 by converts coming from Wales. (Continued on page 334)

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I I I I I I f THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I

MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO II i SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS fI t I i And that's a job that takes lots;

t of honey. Because so many; If i people eat so many Nabisco I

i Sugar Honey Grahams. Because i

they're the graham crackers i % made with pure country honey \ and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious. \v America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package. *

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

MAY 1961 293 *jfc

l l y9K.<:

I

. THE PRIESTHOOD

AND THE YOUNG MEN OF TH

As membersappearanceof theof theChurchFatherwe andare gratefulthe Son forin thethe butrect.he Iwillwasneverneverprofane,prouderandinhemyhaslifethe thanright withto cor-a

Sacred Grove in response to the prayer of young boy who lived just a half block from the the young boy Joseph Smith, and that the Father said: Salt Lake Tabernacle, when I heard him say to some

"This is My Beloved Son. Hear him!"That is one boys who were playing: "We do not swear on this

of the great events in the history of mankind. lot."Only a deacon, but he was true to his calling,

Later the resurrected being, John the Baptist, was and they did not have any more swearing there!

sent in answer to the prayer of Joseph Smith and May I recall some of my own experiences as a

Oliver Cowdery, and he bestowed upon them the holder of the Aaronic Priesthood?

Aaronic Priesthood which entitled Joseph and Oliver I remember, as a deacon, chopping wood for the to baptize each other, and gave them the power of widows of the ward on Saturday. We met as a

the ministering of angels. group of nine boys, held a short meeting, took our

Then three other resurrected beings, Peter, James, axes, went to the widows'homes, and chopped enough and John were sent, who bestowed upon these young wood for each to last that week.

men the Melchizedek Priesthood, which gave them As a teacher, I recall my first ward teaching visit the power to establish the Church in its fulness, and with Eli Tracy. I remember the first house we

to them was revealed the organization of the Church entered. But predominantly there comes to my

in completeness as it was in the days when the Savior mind a story that Eli told me as we walked from one and his apostles walked in mortality. house to another, how at one time, he had formed

The priesthood had no beginning; it will have no the habit of smoking. When he made up his mind

end. It is as eternal as Deity. And John the Baptist, to stop, he took his pipe and tobacco, put them up

who held the Aaronic Priesthood in the days of the on the mantlepiece where he could see them, and

Savior, was the baptizer of the Savior. He testified said, "Now, you stay there. I am never going to

to the divinity of the Savior; he saw the Holy Ghost touch you again."And he never did. He was a man

descend upon him; he was one man concerning whom who had added dignity to his manhood, strength

there can be no question about his having held this to his character. I never forgot it.

priesthood and his right to bestow it. And he came I was teaching, but that is the best lesson that

in this dispensation as a resurrected being and beanybody received that day. I was the one who

stowed upon Joseph and Oliver that power and was taught.

authority to represent Deity. None other than John As a priest, I recall the administering of the Sacrathe Baptist had that right. And he as a messenger ment, and my failure the first time I offered the

came and bestowed that authority upon those who prayer. We did not have the prayer on a printed

had pleaded for it and desired to know how they card before us then as is frequently the case now.

could gain that authority. And so each May the We were supposed, as priests, to memorize it. The

Church has commemorative programs, remembering Sacrament table was just below the pulpit, and my the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood which father, the bishop, always stood right over the one occurred on the banks of the Susquehanna River in who asked the blessing upon the bread and water.

Pennsylvania on May 15, 1829. I thought I knew the prayer, but when I knelt and

Priesthood means service to one's fellow men, that saw the audience before me I became flustered. I

we should banish selfishness, overcome it, and lose remember that when I got to "... that they are

ourselves for the good of others. Priesthood means willing to take upon them the name of thy son,..."

service authorized bv our Father in heaven. things went blank, and I said, "Amen."Father said,

Our prayer should ever be: Help us to realize the "And always remember him..."I was half rising

significance of the priesthood, and make us equal to from my knees, but I knelt down again and said, the responsibilities that go with the ordination to the "And always remember him.... Amen."Father said,

Aaronic Priesthood and the Melchizedek Priesthood "and keep his commandments which he has given in this age. them; that they may always have his Spirit to be

A boy who is ordained a deacon, who has had with them. Amen."I knelt down again, "... and

conferred upon him the Aaronic Priesthood, is set keep his commandments which he has given them;

apart. He cannot yield to swearing, smoking, sneakthat they may always have his Spirit to be with

ing around playing tricks on his neighbors, as boys them. Amen."

who have not been so set apart. He is a leader I suffered all the pangs of failure, but I am glad

among his fellows. He may hear others profane, that we did not give up. (Continued on page 334)

MAY 1961 295 YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY WHEN DID JESUS

PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

QUESTION: "Several years ago I was asked to make a talk on throughout the Church. Therefore we are justified

the events which took place on the American continent in asking our brethren and sisters, and all who read at the first Easter. In studying for the talk I disthe Book of Mormon, to pay close attention to the

covered that it was almost a year from the time that details of the story.

Christ was crucified until he showed himself to the In 3 Nephi 8:5, we discovered that in the "thirty

Nephite multitude at the temple in the land Bountiful. and fourth year, in the first month, on the fourth day

'And it came to pass in the thirty and fourth year, in of the month, there arose a great storm, such an one the first month, there arose a great storm,'(3 Nephi as never had been known in all the land."The suc-

8:5.) 'And it came to pass in the ending of the thirty ceeding verses give much of the detail of the destrucand fourth year, behold, I will show unto you that tion which followed. This, evidently was at the time

the people of Nephi who were spared... 'when Jesus was on the cross. Chapter 9 continues

(Ibid., 10:18.) this story of destruction, and during this storm the

"There is still a misconception of the event—or these voice of Jesus was heard in which he gave reasons

events—in the minds of many of our members. Perfor the great destruction, and he said:

haps it doesn't really matter, will you please dis- "O all ye that are spared because ye were more cuss it?"righteous than they, will ye not now return unto

me, and repent of your sins, and be converted, that I

ANSWER: may heal you?...

It is true that there has been a misconception in "Behold, I am Jesus Christ the Son of God. I

the minds of many members of the Church, but a created the heavens and the earth, and all things careful reading of the account will clear up these misthat in them are. I was with the Father from the

conceptions. It is true that a hasty examination will beginning, I am in the Father, and the Father in

leave the impression that there was a delay of about me; and in me hath the Father glorified his name."

a year after the resurrection of the Lord before he (Ibid., 9:13, 15.)

visited the Nephites and Lamanites who were spared; All of this was while the great darkness covered

but more careful attention to what is written shows the earth, and Mormon then through the ninth and that it was but a very short time after his resurrection tenth chapters commented upon the terrible destructhat the Lord appeared to the people who were astions which had taken place. He closes the tenth

sembled near the temple in Bountiful. This false chapter in these words:

conclusion that practically a year had passed from "And it came to pass that in the ending of the thirty the time of the resurrection until the Lord appeared and fourth year, behold, I will show unto you that on this hemisphere has been published and circulated the people of Nephi who were spared, and also those

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA APPEAR TO THE NEPHITES?

who had been called Lamanites, who had been spared, not a harsh voice, neither was it a loud voice; neverdid have great favors shown unto them, and great theless, and notwithstanding it being a small voice it

blessings poured out upon their heads, insomuch that did pierce them that did hear to the center, insomuch soon after the ascension of Christ into heaven he did that there was no part of their frame that it did not truly manifest himself unto them—cause to quake; yea, it did pierce them to the very

"Showing his body unto them, and ministering unto soul, and did cause their hearts to burn."(Ibid., 11:3.)

them; and an account of his ministry shall be given "And it came to pass, as they understood they cast

hereafter. Therefore for this time I make an end their eyes up again towards heaven; and behold, they

of my sayings."(Ibid., 10:1819; italics added.) saw a Man descending out of heaven; and he was

Here he declares that it was soon after the Savior's clothed in a white robe; and he came down and stood

ascension into heaven that he appeared to the Nephites in the midst of them; and the eyes of the whole multiand Lamanites on this continent. And his ascension tude were turned upon him, and they durst not open

was the day of his resurrection after his appearance their mouths, even one to another, for they thought to Mary at the tomb, and before his appearance to it was an angel that had appeared unto them."

the disciples that same day. (Ibid., 11:8.)

The reason why Mormon discontinued his account The fact that the multitude had gathered at the at this point is not stated. Evidently he was writing temple and were pointing out to each other the

during the days of the great struggle with the great changes that had occurred is evidence that this

Lamanites for the Nephite existence, and it is very was an event immediately following the resurrection possible that some sudden emergency had arisen so of our Lord. If this event had occurred one year

that he had temporarily to close his record. Howlater, the multitude would have been perfectly

ever, he continued his story where he broke off and familiar with these great changes, and they would not states that there was a great multitude gathered tohave been so awed by them. It was in great astonishgether round about the temple in Bountiful. It seems ment and wonder that they had gathered and were

perfectly clear that this great gathering was immepointing out to each other what had occurred.

diately after the close of the dreadful period of Moreover it is contrary to reason that Jesus would darkness. We read that the people were "marveling make the Nephites and Lamanites, who had been

and wondering one with another,"and "were showing faithful, wait for one whole year before he would one to another the great and marvelous change which make his appearance and give them instruction in had taken place."(Ibid., 11:1.) While they were relation to the closing of the period in which the law

marveling and pointing out to each other these of Moses was in force, and the period when the fulness changes, and conversing, they heard a voice. "It was of the gospel was ushered in.

MAY 1961 297 "DAIRY HILL"CROWDED. It was an eventful Saturday forenoon,

Epochal December 23, 1905. History was in the making at the old "Dairy Hill

Farm"-a place referred to by LDS writers as the "Solomon Mack Farm"

Events or the "Joseph Smith Farm,"located at Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont.

Long before 11 o'clock, the hour set for dedicating the Joseph Smith at the Memorial Monument, "throngs of people,"writes Elder Joseph Fielding

Smith, "from the farms scattered over the hillsides and from the various settlements commenced to arrive"at the veiled monument, also at the new Prophet's Memorial Cottage, which stood twenty or thirty paces southwest of the monument. Before time for the exercises "the spacious cottage was crowded

in every apartment and many gathered around the building curiously and eagerly awaiting the services to begin."Birthplace Of the fiftyfive Mormons present, thirty had come from Salt Lake

City in a special railroad car under the direction of two of the First

BY CARTER E. GRANT Presidency of the Church, Joseph F. Smith and Anthon H. Lund. The

other members were from the Eastern States Mission. Although a "gentle EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

snow was falling,"President Smith requested John G. McQuarrie, president

: km

- ".,."silll

of the Eastern States Mission, to take some of his elders and conduct an overwith. It is a revelation to me.

flow meeting at the base of the monument. This service was attended by a large When I pass over the roads

group of nonMormons. (Proceedings at the Dedication of the Joseph Smith over which he has brought

Memorial Monument, p. 7, a pamphlet of eightyeight pages, prepared by Joseph these immense blocks of granFielding Smith, 1906.) ite successfully and erected

DEDICATORY EXERCISES IN THE COTTAGE. Promptly at eleven o'clock, them on the spot where they

President Joseph F. Smith, the Prophet's nephew, announced the opening song, are destined to remain by the

"America."After prayer by President Anthon H. Lund, the Saints in ringing providence of God, it is

expression stood and sang, "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet."President something marvelous in my

Smith then announced: "Honorable Junius F. Wells, the agent of the Church eyes. I am astonished at it."

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in this work, will speak to us first. He CHURCH SECURES THE

it was who conceived the idea of erecting a monument on the birthplace of the BIRTHPLACE FARM. Elder

Prophet Joseph Smith. He presented his plans to the presiding authorities of the Junius F. Wells then gave an

Church a few months ago, and he was granted the authority and means at his interesting account of how command, with which to proceed and accomplish the herculean task which he he had secured eightyeight has performed here. I wish to say that I have never had an adequate idea of acres of the original Mack

the amount of work and the number of difficulties that lie has had to contend farm which included some wooded districts that had belonged to the Prophet's ancestors. ( By August 1907, the

Church had secured 283 acres of land surrounding the birthplace. Com p. Hist. Ch.,

Roberts, Vol. VI, p. 427.)

Elder Wells explained that the old surveys of this property showed that the Solomon

Mack home in which Joseph Smith, Jun., was born had

stood astride the township line between Sharon and Royalton, and that the Prophet, who came into the world in the bedroom side of the house, was born in Sharon Township, and that the Memorial Cottage had been so constructed that the old hearthstone (two feet three inches by four feet six inches), which had lain beLeft: Portrayed in colonial style

at the edge of "Mirror Pool"stands the modern Bureau of Information.

Top: Memorial Monument, with

patios of Bureau of Information on the right and director's home on the left.

Bottom: Bureau of Information

Auditorium, with colonial fireplace, before which lies the famous "hearthstone."

fore the fireplace in the Mack home, had been premonument on the exact spot where the old house served, and that it now lay right where it rested stood [the Mack home], a modern cottage, plainly yet when baby Joseph was first washed and dressed beautifully furnished, has been built. In the living

before a glowing Christmas fireplace a hundred years room of this new cottage the hearthstone of the old ago. (Ibid., p. 3637.) Smith home still remains in its natural rjosition before

Elder Wells continued: "Now, as to this house, it the fireplace, making [it] a hallowed spot."(Ibid.,

is built over the old cellar. The hearthstone is right Introduction.

where it was. The mantle has been built around it....

As has been stated the cottage occupies the site of THE MONUMENT STONES TO BE WITHOUT the old homestead. Its foundation walls are laid on BLEMISH. Elder Junius F. Wells reported that the

the same lines, so far as the difference in size and dark granite rock that had been selected for the style of house would permit. The hearthstone rests monument could be found only in huge boulders at

where it did in the old house."{Ibid., pp. 15, 31.) the quarry, and that these large stones must be withThe narrator was also happy to report that upon this out blemish. He stated that the contractors lost hope

farm were two fine springs of cold water, having an when one stone after another was rejected.

eightyfoot fall to the monument grounds. In the midst of many disappointments, however,

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith comments: "Near the this quarry sold out to a larger company, the Rock of

Ages Quarry, and another search was begun. A few days

later the new manager sent stirring news to Elder Wells. He

had uncovered a great boulder. "It was a

marvelous stone,"they all agreed, provided it showed no flaws when sawed. With

extreme difficulty the stone was loaded upon a flat railroad car and sent six miles to the sawing and finishing tables.

THE SIXMILE CLIMB WITH GREAT STONES.

Ten days later, when the saws, the planes, and the polishers had completed their expert assignment, there

On December 23, 1905, the Prophet's centennial birthday, lay the desired stone "like a gift from heaven,"its accompanying granitethis Memorial polished and monument at Sharon, Vermont, polished and beautiful—38% feet long, four feet square County, dedicated WindsorCottage were

the birthplace of Joseph Smith. The cottage, recently removed, at the base, and three feet at the top—the peak rising

stood over the birthplace of the Prophet. three feet higher, weighing thirtynine tons.

This main shaft was not the only heavy, polished granite stone that must be carried on wagons upgrade six miles from the railroad siding to the birthplace of the Prophet. There were two bases, one weighing

eighteen tons, the other, thirteen; also the inscription

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stone, weighing nineteen tons. Then there was the in three and a half hours 35 degrees, and the north

moulding cap of ten tons. wind blew the storm down to the sea. We had

When these heavy stones reached the sidetrack, arranged to have nine inches thickness of plank at ready to be unloaded, said Elder Wells, a divine hand that mudhole, if necessary, to get over [with the 39 "came to our aid. Mr. Ellis of the Bethel Quarries ton shaft]. As it happened, we only needed three,

was kind enough to send down twenty of his most for when the wagon went over it the next morning, magnificent horses.... We picked up another team the ground was frozen so hard that it split the planks

there, so we had twentytwo horses altogether."The into kindling wood, and the weather has not been

thirtynine ton shaft, wrapped for protection, was so cold since. J call that Providence.... I wish to

unloaded with derricks and block and tackle and bear my testimony that we have built this monument placed upon a great wagon with "twentyinch tires."because we know that Joseph Smith was a Prophet...

This outfit was to be pulled up the dirt road upon of the Living God."(Ibid., 9-17.)

heavy planks placed under and ahead of the wagon. THE PRAYER OF DEDICATION. Following the

When all was ready, those fine teams pulled with very inspiring address by Elder Junius F. Wells,

all their might—time and time again—but to no use—Robert C. Easton sang "The Guiding Star."This was

the load refused to move. followed by addresses from five of the General AuIN PLACE WITHOUT A SCRATCH. "We tried thorities of the Church and a brief talk by Dr. Edgar

again on Monday, in another way,"said Brother Wells, J. Fish of South Royalton, who expressed deep appre-

"using block and tackle, and we drew the load 1,960 ciation for the beautiful memorial monument. Presifeet"of the 30,000 to go. "Our tackle (fastened to dent Joseph F. Smith then dedicated the monument

pulleys and large trees by the roadway) permitted a and the Memorial Cottage that had been erected over pull of eighty feet between blocks (or large trees), the birthplace of the Prophet. (Ibid., pp. 2224.)

but I have seen them stop thirteen times going that UNVEILING THE MONUMENT. At the close

distance, on account of curves in the road and the of the dedicatory prayer, the Saints sang with great trouble in laying planks.... We planked the road fervor, "Praise to the Man Who Communed with

from Royalton all the way up this hill, nearly six Jehovah."President Smith then announced that "Miss

miles—the last two miles from the river rising eight Edith A. Smith, the oldest lady representative of the

hundred feet.... One load was thirteen days... Smith family present,"would have the honor of

another twenty days on the road.... As a result of unveiling the memorial monument. After the beneour work the road is strewn with trees, some large diction by Elder George Albert Smith, the crowd

ones, that were pulled up by the roots. We, howgathered at the monument, and at exactly 1:20 pm,

ever, got the monument here, and then there was a eastern standard time, Sister Smith, by means of a triumph of engineering skill raising it."Joyfully, triprope, unveiled the beautiful monument—fifty feet

all the stones were skilfully "set in place without ten inches to its peak, weighing almost one hundred a scratch."tons. The sight of this square shaft, rising thirtyeight

TESTIFIES ABOUT DIVINE AID. "I have been and a half feet from its polished granite base—being

wonderfully blessed, as you can bear witness who a foot for each year of the Prophet's life—brought

know anything of the work that has necessarily been happiness to the hearts of every Latterday Saint required to erect that monument. I have been favored present. (For a full report of various events at the

sometimes almost to the point of direct interposition dedication, including the returning home of the of Providence. The elements have been made proPresident's party, see The Joseph Smith Memorial

pitious; conditions that seemed adverse have been Monument, pp. 1-88, notes gathered by Arthur Winter

removed; obstacles that appeared insuperable have and compiled by Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, both

either been overcome or turned out not to be so members of the Utah delegation.)

serious.... We Latterday Saints are believers in MAJOR TRANSFORMATIONS AT THE BIRTHwhat Mr. Boutwell calls 'Mormon'luck, but it is PLACE. After the Memorial Cottage had served

Providence. Even in the matter of weather, we feel many thousands of tourists from far and nearso. The day before we had to cross Mr. Dutton's Mormon and nonMormon—for more than a half

mudhole, it rained. There was an empty hay press century, 190557, the building was found to be in

tried to go through it, and its wheels went out of need of major repairs—the roof, the porch, the heating

sight. It took four horses to get it out. Next, it system, the paint, etc.

commenced to snow, but the thermometer dropped After the Church (Continued on page 326)

MAY 1961 301 f*m%*

LAWYER./

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Help Your Child Choose the Right Career

BY EDMUND C. HASSE

All of us want the best for our children—a noble In a single category, public health, this country can

calling, high station, and perhaps a better standard employ sixtyseven times as many workers as we of living than we have known. We feel confident now have.

that our Joe or Jane can accomplish almost anything How can this kind of information help parents?

they set out to do, if we just give them the money Here is Jimmy, aged fourteen and about to enter for education and plenty of moral support. high school. He thinks he wants to be a scientist.

This is wonderful, but parents should also give What kind of scientist? He doesn't know—just one

much more. Young people need confidence, but of these scientists you read about who experiment in

they also need facts and direction. Yet, the career- a laboratory and come up with great inventions and

help young people get at home is often inadequate. miracle drugs. A chemist, biologist, microbiologist,

It is generally a mistake, for example, to arbitrarily bacteriologist, geneticist, zoologist, protozoologist, select a child's career for him at a very early age, to entomologist, or what? They're pretty much the same

want him to be an engineer like his father or a doctor to Jimmy.

like Uncle Felix. If such an idea is frequently reWith a little research in the library or among his

peated to the child during his formative years, he friends and business acquaintances, Jimmy's father may accept it because his relatives accept it. When will be better prepared to talk about some of these

he is old enough to think for himself, he will very alternatives. He and his wife can also find the anlikely chart his own course—but sometimes without swers to questions that don't mean much to Jimmy

direction from his disappointed parents. right now: What scientific fields are most in demand?

How can parents do a better job of helping chilWhat do they pay? What are the chances for

dren reach the right career decision? promotion? What are the disadvantages? How

The question itself, if you take it seriously, rules much formal education is required, and how much out the temptation for you to make your youngster's will it cost? Can we afford one of the better schools?

choice for him. Granted your son may have a Can Jimmy earn enough money during summers

bright future as a contractor in the family business, in high school and on the college campus to make but don't threaten, coax, entice, promise, or push ends meet? What high school subjects will be neceshim if he is vitally interested in some other field. It sary for his training?

is hard for a person to be happy or successful in an Maybe fourteenyear-old Bill intends to go to work occupation that doesn't appeal to him. for a big corporation so he can have a nice office

At an early age, children should be encouraged to and play golf in the afternoons. Before he gets into

develop an interest in such wholesome activities as college course work, it's not likely he will know much reading, creative expression, sports, parttime emabout a corporation's structure and its component ployment, or hobbies. These will condition a child's parts. Parents would do well to inform themselves

thinking when it comes time to pick a career. on career openings in industry, analyze them in

A recent government Occupational Outlook Handterms of Bill's personality and talent, and suggest book describes the potential for young people in to him where he might start his ascent up the ladder 22,000 different jobs. This 750page report, available of success: in accounting, administration, marketing,

at your public library or from the US Printing Office merchandising, traffic, advertising, public relations, at $4.25, is one of the many upto-date publications personnel, quality control, or in one of a dozen other

on the subject of careers. It tells where the greatest arms of business—and be prepared to give reasons

opportunities exist in line with interests and skills. which a teenager can understand and appreciate. If

You may be surprised to learn, for example, that Bill has narrowed his choice by the time he reaches there are 156 different job classifications in the field college, he stands a better chance of getting off of health, all with special requirements and needs. on the right foot.

MAY 1961 303 Many young folk are trying to force their way into overcrowded "status"professions.

If more parents would do this, there wouldn't be be somewhat flattering. The physics teacher will

so many supposedly mature students coming to the paint a rosy picture of the future of electronics and campus with no notion of what they want to be, space travel—a picture that may be irresistible to a

having fuzzy ideas about a career they think they boy like Jimmy even though his real talent lies in want, or being torn between their own wishes and some other direction.

those of their elders. Your responsibility to your children includes reguThe record a boy makes in high school should lar consultation with teachers about their qualificaindicate to parents how he will fare later on. With tions for an elected career. You can't be certain that

poor grades in chemistry, Jimmy must be persuaded good grades and high aptitude test scores mean your to study harder or to open his mind to some other child has picked the right career. IQ and aptitude

occupation. If Bill is not average in scholarship, tests are deceptive, as your children's teachers can

it might be best that he forget about college and tell you, unless you know what the tests were, who begin thinking about a twoyear technical school. interpreted the results, and what was the basis

The present college population is more than 3.5 milfor grading.

lion, and twice that many are going to be seeking Students who go on to college will get professional admission by 1970. Bill and Jimmy both must be assistance from academic counselors, of course, but

reminded that it's going to be increasingly difficult by this time they should have at least an inkling of each year for them to get into college and harder whether they are better qualified for architecture or for them to stay there. design—and to understand the difference. Only about

It's easy for parents to leave this kind of guidance half our high schools have vocational counselors, and to high school teachers. But, it should be a coopera- many of these work only part time.

tive undertaking. An admired teacher is important As mothers and fathers, you may be quick to

to your child's career choice, but the average high encourage your children toward their career goals, school teacher is little more qualified than a sincere, but how many of you have more than a superficial intelligent parent to steer young people on the knowledge of the field of endeavor your sons and right course. The advice students get from, say, the daughters are considering? How many bother to

high school history teacher about a career in histranslate the thirtyminute myths of television into the torical research, writing, or teaching will probably realities of the fortyhour week? How many can

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dispel childish misconceptions about certain careers visions that fall under this heading: chemical,

with logical reasoning and sound arguments? mechanical, industrial, design, electrical, electronic,

To qualify for affirmative responses, you will have petroleum, research, development, traffic, safety, and to do a little work. Nobody is an expert on career transportation, to name only a few.

counseling just because he or she has had thirtyfive A Guide to Career Information, compiled by the years of experience at living. New York Life Insurance Co., (Harper, New York,

The very best handbooks for parents, which de1957) is a good index of free or inexpensive literature vote lengthy chapters to health and hygiene, spiritual you can obtain on a wide variety of occupational guidance, and emotional problems, have little to fields. The US Government Printing Office has a

say about vocations. However, the following books number of booklets on different careers and will

are among the good ones for parents to study, even send you a free catalog on Occupations, Professions, though they were written primarily for high school and Job Descriptions.

students After your son or daughter seems to have settled

I Find My Vocation, Harry Dexter Kitson (McGrawon one vocation, keep a continuing interest in their

Hill, New York, 1954.) education and their career choice. Read background

material—even if you can't find more than a textSuccessfully Finding Yourself and Your Job, F.

book—and some of the current literature of this field Alexander Magoun, (Harper, New York, 1959.)

Blueprint Your Career, Robert Foster Moore so you will be better able to supplement their en- (Stackpole and Heck, New York, 1959.) thusiasm or, if necessary, to spur them on if they

tend to falter. Planning Your Future, George Edmund Myers

The influence parents have on their children's (McGrawHill, New York, 1953.)

vocational plans can be equally as cogent as home Selecting an Occupation, Charles A. Prosser,

Calvin S. Sifferd ( McKnightMcKnight, Bloomlessons in morals and ethics. Actually, these teachings should go handin-hand since they will be tested ington, 111., 1953.)

together during your son's or daughter's working

If your youngster has strong feelings about a cercareer. If your children are happy in their jobs, the

tain field, familiarize yourself with it. If it is other influences they brought from the home are

engineering, learn a little about the various subdimore likely to endure.

MAY 1961 305 BY TOM W. HARRIS

"Too old to spank and too young to teach! Too Guernseys! Whatever put cattle into your head? That

headstrong to pull together and too loyal to work fellow from the Guernsey society nearly talked my alone! Mama, Mama—no wonder my hair is gray!"ear off today—wasted half the afternoon—and he says

And John Burdett buried his face in his wide hands. he's coming back tomorrow! What under the sun

Marie merely smiled. He was clowning, she made you...."

knew. For one thing, her husband had no gray hair, "What's wrong with that?"Jim's voice cut in. "Some

even though he had entered the span of years known day we might branch into the dairy business—you

as "middle age."For another, he never called her said so yourself, after I thought of it. So I looked up

"Mama"when he was in dead earnest. a man that could tell us about it."

On the other hand, it wasn't all clowning, as the "Sure, sure—we might be interested in cows five

voices from the living room showed. Nobody had to years from now. But why spend time talking cows

watch the fights on television at the Burdett's. Jack today? Everything may change, five years from now.

and Jim, the nineteenyear-old twins, provided free When the time comes, we'll talk heifers. Right now,

entertainment of the same general nature. Ever since let's talk horticulture!"

they decided to join forces to start a truck vegetable A new voice entered the symphony—a quiet femifarm just outside Midboro. Joined forces? The way nine voice—a somehow determined feminine voice. It

two armies do! was Anna, the twins'younger sister. John and Marie

Jack's voice bugled into the kitchen. "Guernseys! Burdett exchanged a smile.

"Boys, you don't need a sister—you need a referee! "I wouldn't give you the money—er, lend you the

Or a baby sitter! I could blackmail you right out of money—if I didn't know it was a good investment.

that old truck farm just by threatening to tell my But believe me, it'll be a lot better investment if girlfriends how you act at home. Nobody would you—er—invest some cooperation into this plan. I

marry either of you, ever! Now, I'm sorry, but get mean that."

out of here, I've got to study—I'm reading about the They were excited, when he left them, full of enCivil War. So goodbye, boys, goodbye."thusiasm and cooperative pledges. Ten minutes

There were muffled sounds of a restrained scuffle, later, when he found an excuse to poke his head into murmers of "Ow!"and "Leggo my collar"from Jack the room, Jim was arguing that the money should go

and Jim, and the opening and closing of a door. Anna into more land, and Jack was defending the position

had turned her brothers out into the hall. A small it should be spent for machinery.

sigh was heard, and the rustle of pages of a book. So it came about that Marie told him her little

Marie and John again exchanged their smile. It plan for the next day, involving the fact that one of

was a good smile, that quiet shared smile of theirs. Father Burdett's horses was out of service because

Made of good material, Marie once said, because in she got a stone in her hoof. And so it happened that

all the years they had passed it back and forth it John and Marie talked a long time over the kitchen had never worn out. table, and chuckled and plotted and planned together.

"That Guernsey thing shows the boys up perfectly,"John felt a familiar touch of nostalgia when he

John said. "Jim has vision, imagination; he looks stepped out of the family car onto the soil of the

ahead, sees things. Jack is more hardheaded, downsmall farm he had known as a boy. It quickly faded

toearth. If they can learn to pull together, they'll when his father, bent but brisk, hurried from the

have a winning combination."back porch to greet them.

"Yes,"answered Marie. "We're close enough to The boys and their sister and their father and

the big cities to make a real go of raising vegetables. mother trooped behind the old man as he showed

And that dairy farm idea seems practical, too. Why, them where the pig had broken through the fence,

I believe there's room for another good milk route and the new windlass he had put on the well, and right here in Midboro!"other recent changes. Then they sat on the porch

"Sure enough. In about five years, as Jack says, and talked with the unique leisure of a country

they might be ready for it."His gray eyes were Saturday. Finally a lull came in the conversation,

thoughtful. "You know... maybe I should say and the old man, who was in on the plot, looked at

something to the boys about this teamwork idea. I John and cleared his throat.

thought of it when we first decided to lend them that "Dad, I hear one of your mares is laid up,"John money at no interest. Jack makes enough at the ventured.

garage, and Jim has saved enough from working at "Yes, sir, she got a stone in her hoof, and it sure the store, so they can buy that land they're looking set me back in my plowin'. Old Mabel won't be

at. But they sure can use that extra money, and it able to pull for two, three days yet. I got one of

might make enough impression so what I say will Pete Bragg's mares out to the barn... he said I

soak in."could use her long's I treated her right... but it

"A lecture, professor?"ain't no help at all. I ain't so spry as I used to be,

"Nothing like that, honey. Just mention that the and those two horses are strangers, never broke to

money can do more if they really work together."pull as a team, and when I got 'em out in the field

"It might help,"said Marie. "If it doesn't, I have I couldn't hardly hold 'em, let alone plow a furrow.

another little idea. Something connected with the How I'll get my plowin'done just beats me."

trip to Father Burdett's farm tomorrow."Jim and Jack spoke almost simultaneously. They'd

Her husband eyed a query at her, and she smiled do it—be glad to—good practice—Jim could work that

like a kitchen version of the Mona Lisa. "I'll tell you morning, Jack could work in the afternoon.

later,"she said. "Let's see how your idea works."And the trap was sprung.

John suddenly felt a little embarrassed, a little The old man's mare was a beautiful strawberry pompous, as he told his sons he would lend them the roan. The borrowed mare was a big, bulletjawed,

money. He had found them in their room disputing blue gray creature. As soon as they came together,

how much of what they ought to plant. the gray took a mouthful of hair off the roan's shoulder

"And that's it, boys,"he finished, a little lamely. just for a greeting, and the roan indicated a desire

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to separate the gray from the gray's left ear. Finally ward, and the plow leaped out of the furrow. "Whoa,

the snorting, illmatched pair were harnessed and I said!"

hitched to the plow. The roan whinnied like a steam The gray stopped in her tracks—about three feet

calliope, and great clods flew through the air as ahead of the roan.

she pawed the ground. "Now back, there! Back!"called Jack, sawing on

Finally they quieted a little under the harness, and the lines.

Jim took the reins, hung them over his shoulders and The team backed steadily, together.

grasped the plowhandles. "No!"Jack yelled. "I mean—whoa!"They stopped

"Think you can hold 'em, boy?"asked his grandtogether, almost back at the plow. The gray was still

father. ahead of the roan.

"Sure thing, Grandpop. Once they get working, "Oh, nuts!"Jack fumed. "Giddap!"

they'll do all right."The team forged ahead. The gray's side of the

The old man eyed the bulky beasts, and his roan harness came taut first, and the plow swung neatly eyed him right back with a sharp and wicked eye. to the right, angling the furrow off crazily.

"It's a funny thing about horses,"he speculated. "Not Jack was ready to gibber. "Whoa!"he called.

much different from people. Act the same way They moved ahead steadily, placidly.

sometimes.""Whoa!"called Jack. "Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!"

Jim waited for him to say more, but he didn't They moved on dutifully, stolidly, horses with ears say it. of stone, horses whose complacent faces showed

"Giddap!"said Jim. merely they were doing their duty.

He was spared one thing—nobody watched him at "Oh, whoa!"Jack gibbered. "Oh, whoa! Oh,

his morning plowing. Of course, they heard him—whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!"He leaned back against

his hoarse, exasperated "whoas"and "haws"and the lines desperately, dug his heels in, and the team "gees"—a person could hear that a smart way off. came to a grudging halt. The gray was still ahead

And they eyed his sweatsoaked hair and his red face, of the roan.

when he came to lunch, and after lunch they saw Jack sagged against the plowhandles. What under

'what his plowing looked like, and that was worst of the sun ailed the horses, anyhow? Sweat, black with

all. Most of the furrows were crooked, and there dust, ran down into his eyes. He glared toward the

were unplowed streaks here and there where the watchers at the fence, plow had ridden along the surface. "Won't pull together!"he notified them.

Jack didn't say anything when he looked at the He left the plow, laid the lines across it, and field, but he grinned in a way that showed he figured walked to the gray's head. "Now back, baby,"he

Jim had gone along with his head in the clouds and said hoarsely, taking the monster by the bit. "Back,

hadn't minded his business. As for the horses—well, baby. Back up now."

there was something almost conspiratorial about them. The gray began to back. The roan chose this mo-

"Come back in about an hour,"Jack told the older ment to clamp her flat teeth down on the gray's folk, "and see how I'm doing."withers.

"Well do that,"said his father. The gray retaliated by slamming her tremendous

Marie and John and the old man didn't know rump against her enemy.

whether to laugh or cry when they came back and The team stampeded....

looked across the field. The plowing was, if anyJim helped put the team away, with their grandthing, worse than Jim's. father giving directions. When they were stalled, the

Jack was just finishing an area close to the fence. old man looked at them ruminatively. "Not much

The horses were pulling well and steadily, and Jack more different'n people,"he reflected. "Act the same

turned and waved with a wide grin. Instantly the way, sometimes."

watchful gray clipped a fold of the roan's hide beThe brothers were rather quiet on the way back tween her teeth. The roan bounded forward with to town, and they didn't talk much at the supper

a snort like a locomotive. The plow jumped out table. They acted tired. Later in the evening, they

of the furrow, sliding on its side. started a halfhearted argument about whether toJack grabbed the plowhandles and leaned back matoes needed straw beneath the plant, or braces to

hard on the lines. "Whoa! Whoa, there, I tell you!"hold them off the ground.

The roan stopped dead, and the gray lunged forBut somehow it wasn't as it used to be.

MAY 1961 309 GENEALOGY

Our story begins on a farm called Byrn Ucha in the were devoted to each other and faithful throughhills midway between Eglwysbach and Llanrwst, out their long lives together.

Denbigshire, North Wales, on February 12, 1803. Hugh and Mary first lived at Byrn Ucha. Later

This was the birthday of Hugh Roberts, son of Robert they moved to Llanrwst where Hugh opened a shoeRoberts and Jane Jones. Hugh was one of a family making and repair shop. Business was not very good

of seven children, four sons and three daughters, so they decided to move to Eglwysbach. Here the

namely: Elizabeth, Owen, Hugh, Jane, Mary, John, business thrived and Hugh took a number of apprenand Thomas. tices, one of which was a Robert Evans.

In his boyhood Hugh met with the misfortune of Eglwysbach (meaning "Little Church") was a having one of his arms broken twice and at another farming community. It consisted of a group of homes,

time both legs were broken. This left him with a a blacksmith shop, shoeshop, flour mill, three taverns,

slight limp in walking. Because of this apparent a large Church of England surrounded by the village

bone condition, he was considered unfit for farm cemetery, a Wesleyan Church, a Methodist Church, work which was all done by hand in those days. and a Church of the Dissenters. Hugh belonged to

When he was old enough he was apprenticed to a the Church of the Dissenters of which he was supershoemaker to learn a trade more suitable to his intendent and his wife a teacher therein. He was

physical capabilities. not satisfied with it and after a short time left it and

While serving his apprenticeship at Llanrwst he the church was soon closed. Hugh sought something

met and married Mary Owens. Her father, Thomas else in the way of religion, and he investigated all

Owens, was not favorable to the marriage because of them as much as he was able.

he considered Hugh too religious. Nevertheless they About this time the apprentice, Robert Evans,

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA returned from a visit to South Wales. While there he born. He died three days later, and funeral services

had met Captain Dan Jones, a friend of the Prophet were held at the home. After the services the family

Joseph Smith, and accepted the strange religion called and friends formed a procession to the village cemeMormonism. He presented the new faith to Hugh tery. Upon arriving they found the gates locked

and his family and bore strong testimony of its truth. and were refused entrance by the officers in charge,

His words were accompanied with power and carbecause they were Mormons. News of this situaried conviction to these "honest seekers of truth."tion soon traveled throughout the village and a large

To them it was indeed "Glad Tidings."The family crowd gathered at the gate. Hugh was stirred deep

was baptized later by Elder Abel Evans, who was in his soul at the bigotry on the part of the officers. He

always a close friend of the family. determined to gain entrance peacefully if possible,

Elder Abel Evans was a good and faithful man if not, then by force. He began preaching to those

and soon organized a branch at Eglwysbach with six assembled on toleration, liberty of conscience, and members. Hugh was called to be the presiding upon the restored gospel. So logical and forceful

elder, a position he held until his emigration to Amerwas his discourse the gates were finally opened and ica. His home was headquarters for the elders, his the procession proceeded to peacefully bury

family entertaining many. There was always a full their dead.

house the entire day on Sunday when general meetHugh's constant effort to spread the gospel inings were held. During the week, council, prayer, curred much bitterness and hatred toward him and

and priesthood meetings were also held in his home his family. As a result, his business was boycotted

in the evening. Hugh kept the records for the and the family was soon reduced to poverty. They

branch. When he left on the journey to America, he were finally sent to the workhouse, commonly known

delivered them to a brother, John Roberts, of as the poorhouse. The family did not remain there

Pensarn. long, however, for no sooner did Hugh reach the

There was a John Williams family living at Eglwysplace than he began to proclaim the gospel to the bach who were baptized about the same time as inmates with much vigor. He was progressing so

Hugh and family. They operated a waterpowered favorably with them that the officers of the instituflour mill and were great friends of the Roberts tion, filled with consternation, decided to move the

family. During the sojourn of the Williams and family back to their own home and even assisted

Roberts families the branch was strong and flourishwith means to get Hugh started in his shoemaking ing. When these families left, it dwindled and soon trade again. This was much to their liking, and they

ceased to exist. The Williams family emigrated to progressed favorably under these conditions. Even

America about 1855 and settled in Ogden, Utah. their old neighbors and friends seemed glad to

The persecution was so bitter that Mormon chilwelcome them back.

dren were excluded from the schools. They were Again, they began working diligently to reach

ostracized and many people withdrew their patrontheir goal of coming to America where they could age from Hugh's shoe business which made it very join with the people of their choice to worship in difficult for the family to obtain a livelihood. They Zion. "O, Zion, dear Zion, how we long to your bosom

endured much persecution and ridicule but never to flee."With a prayer of thanksgiving in their

wavered in their faith. On one occasion, when hearts they began again this great undertaking.

Hugh and a traveling elder were holding a meeting, Two daughters preceded the rest of the family in a mob gathered and took them to a bridge nearby coming to Zion. Elizabeth (Betsy) was the first to

where they intended to hang them both. Among the leave. After bidding a fond farewell to her home

women who followed was Hugh's daughter, Catherine. and family and friends she sailed from Liverpool on

She rushed under the bridge and threw her arms April 17, 1855 and arrived in Salt Lake City on around her father and in a voice of defiance said: September 11, 1855. She married and lived at

"You shall not hang my father. If you want to hang Henefer, Summit County, Utah, where she and her

a Mormon you can hang me."The women raised husband had a large dairy herd. Elizabeth milked

such a remonstrance that the mob desisted but with the cows, separated the milk, and churned the butter.

a warning that the elders must not preach MormonShe turned a forty gallon barrel of butter, salted ism again in that neighborhood or they would down, over to the Perpetual Emigration Fund to suffer death. assist in bringing the rest of the family to America.

On April 3, 1851 the youngest child Thomas was Margaret came to Utah in 1861 and lived in Rush

MAY 1961 311 Valley, Tooele County, Utah. She also put forth which they lived for three weeks, patiently waiting

every effort to assist the family in coming to Zion. until the teams arrived from Salt Lake Valley to

Time went on. Finally the hour arrived for Hugh, take them to their future home. Upon the arrival

his wife Mary and the rest of the family to leave their of the ox teams they and their baggage were loaded native land and journey to the land of promise where into the wagons. Two yoke of oxen had brought

they might be free from persecution among the a load of provisions for them for their journey.

people of their choice. Accordingly, about three Most of the outfits of the camp were provided with

o'clock on the morning of May 16, 1864, they slipped four yoke of oxen, with three families to each wagon.

away on foot from Eglwysbach to Abergale about This was the characteristic style of the westward move fifteen miles. Their baggage had been sent ahead across the plains. They were still under the leaderin a horsedrawn cart belonging to David Davis. ship of Thomas Jeremy and George Bywater.

The following day they went to a small seaport After they had proceeded westward about three near Abergale then by boat to Liverpool, arrivdays from Wyoming, the dread cholera broke out in ing there on May 17. They boarded the sailing camp. Over fifty souls were left by the wayside in

ship McClellan at Liverpool May 21, 1864 and shallow graves. The baby that was born at sea, its

landed in New York June 21. There were nine mother and father and all of a family of seven

hundred Saints on the ship. Elders Thomas Jeremy children, except one girl eighteen years of age,

and George Bywater were in charge. One child succumbed to the disease. The father of George

was born during the voyage, and one died and was Bywater died and was buried near Green River. The

buried at sea. The ship neared Boston on a beautibody was later taken to Salt Lake City. None of

ful Sunday morning, and the ringing of church bells Hugh's family was attacked by this dreadful disease.

could be heard by all on board. This was their They were all truly grateful and acknowledged God's

introduction to America, the land of the free. protecting care over them.

At New York they boarded a steamer going up the When about halfway across the plains, they were

Hudson to Albany. From there they traveled by overtaken by seven men with mule team outfits

train to Erie, Pennsylvania, where the train was put loaded with merchandise for the valley. They travon a boat bound for Canada. The Civil War was in eled with the ox train a few days then went on

progress, and evidence of it could be seen as they ahead. Two days later the ox train came upon the

journeyed through the country. While transferring at camping place of the mule team freighters. The

Erie the mob spirit was very manifest among the seven men had been slain by Indians and the mules

American onlookers and those who attended the driven off. What was left of their freight was still

transfer. When they arrived in Canada, they were burning when the ox train reached the site. They

treated more friendly. paused long enough to bury the dead.

The train proceeded westward, returning to the At the crossing of the Platte River it was cold and

United States at Detroit, Michigan, then on to St. deep, but all made it safely over. The train arrived

Joseph, Missouri, where they left it. At St. Joseph, at Fort Laramie where they did a little trading, then

Hugh and his family camped in a large warehouse on to Fort Bridger. After leaving Fort Bridger Hugh's

until a boat arrived that took them up the Missouri wagon broke down, and it was necessary to stop to

River to a place called Wyoming located on the west make repairs. The train went on and left them.

bank of the river. This was the outfitting center for When repairs were completed, they followed on

the westbound immigrants. They were hurriedly behind. About six miles up Echo Canyon they were

unloaded at midnight in a terrible storm. The night met by their daughter Elizabeth (Betsy). Upon

was very dark, and they could see only during the finding they had been forced to remain behind to vivid lightning. They made their way up the riverrepair the wagon, she made her way to meet them.

bank to a large chokecherry bush for partial shelter. What a happy meeting after a separation of more

All were drenched with rain, and they huddled tothan nine years and having passed through such vicisgether to await the coming day. Even though their situdes and experiences. God had been very good

bodies were chilled and wet, their hearts were grateto them. Later they were joined by Margaret from

ful to their Heavenly Father that they were near to whom they had been separated three years. Now all

Zion. No ill effects were suffered from the night the family who could come were here in the land of

in the storm. their choice where the house of the Lord was being

The next day they made a tent of bedticking in reared in the "tops of the mountains."

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Betsy took them to her home in Henefer and made home all their own. They could worship God in

them welcome and as comfortable as possible. Later their own way, come and go as they pleased unafraid

they moved into Salt Lake City, and on the 20th day and unmolested. How thankful they were. How

of April 1865 Hugh and Mary were sealed in the old wonderful, and oh! how the Lord had blessed them!

Endowment House as husband and wife for eternity. After the dedication of the Logan Temple they

It was a happy, joyful, and momentous event. They all turned their attention to the work of redeeming

were now united as one to go on together in a contheir dead. Many times they walked from their

tinuation of their lives forever. They now felt rehome in Smithfield to Logan (about 8 miles) to do

warded for all the trials through which they the work for one soul, then walked back home in the had passed. evening. Mary continued this after she was past

In July 1865 the family moved to Smithfield, seventy years of age. Hugh became quite lame and

Cache County, Utah. They built a tworoom log had to discontinue these long walks.

cabin, and Hugh followed his trade as a shoemaker. They both lived to be nearly ninety years of age,

They lived in peace and happiness in a comfortable happy and contented in Zion.

DESERT FENCES

BY MARGARET GRAHAME COLLINS

Resourceful man, the desert pioneer!

He took what lay at hand for building stuff.

The Mormon Fence of cedar poles—cut rough,

Braced in the ground—turned back the wildest steer.

The Slab Fence was of sandstone, broken sheer:

"Horse high, bull stout, hog tight"described enough.

The Pioneer Fence crowned a cedar bluff—

A windrow of trees grubbed out, stacked in a tier.

The Irish Fence was built of stones, and cost

No more than sweat, tired back, and calloused hand.

Through years of stinging wind and stabbing frost

And baking sun, the desert fences stand:

Stretching from salty flat to rocky hillFirm monuments to mans inventive skill.

MAY 1961 313 HOW TO

A little brochure that recently came into my office Such writers admit that Christ loved his enemies;

announced a new book written on the New Testathat he prayed for those who despitefully used him;

ment with the interesting title, The Art of Christian that he even prayed for those who nailed him on

Doubt. One paragraph, meant to enlist attention of the cross: "Father, forgive them; for they know not

Christians, says, "This book is not fundamental orthowhat they do."(Luke 23:34.)

doxy, far from it. It is a sophisticated Christianity If we contemplate the Master in terms of moral

which accepts what is essentially helpful Judean courage, we must admit that he surpasses us all. He

Christianity and discards or severely questions the was ready to stand against the world, even though dogmatic accretions."I quote this passage because it meant that the world would take his life. In

it indicates something of the nature of many books physical courage he has no equal. After he left

coming from the press today, dealing with the New Gethsemane, all of the brutality heaped upon him

Testament. There are more than 100,000 such books failed to wring from him a single cry of pain.

written about the New Testament—they would fill If we think of Jesus in terms of his forgiving nature,

the average college library, some of them expressing we remember the words, "Go thy way and sin no great faith and some of them expressing just "art of more,"which were repeated on several occasions to doubt,"as indicated in this current book. those who came to him with broken hearts and

I fail to understand how an author can accept our contrite spirits.

Master in part and reject him in part, especially if It is little wonder that Christian people reading the in the part he accepts he finds him the greatest moral New Testament with any sense of right and wrong teacher who ever lived, eminently worthy of a folcome forth with a realization that Jesus Christ is the lowing. Yet we have that strange belief today on greatest person who ever lived, being filled with

the part of many readers of the New Testament. qualities which all ought to follow. Here, however,

They truly accept Jesus as the greatest man who is where many Christians stop. Here is where the

ever lived, having achieved perfection in almost all book to which I refer stops. Yet it declares that

areas. Jesus taught all men how to live, bringing to light

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA another sentence something less than that. Let me

illustrate. I have had very learned men look at me

and with pity shake their heads to think I was so naive here in the twentieth century as to believe that there is a personal devil, to believe that Jesus actually cast devils out of people; and I dare say that if you

should stop people on the streets in any city, nine out of ten of them would think you rather naive if you professed to believe these things.

Their explanation is that Jesus is a great character, but that he was profoundly influenced by his social background. He lived in a day when people did notNEW TESTAMENT understand the germ theory of disease; when they

thought that sickness came upon people because evil spirits possessed them; and so they say that Jesus

is sincere but that he is subject to the social background in which he lived; that he made a mistake;

and that if he had lived in the twentieth century, he wouldn't believe in devils possessing people.

The Book of Mormon as well as the New Testament speaks of devils possessing the minds of people until they had possession over their bodies. Alma refers

what we sometimes term the social gospel—teachings to such incidents. It ought not to be hard for us

of how people should live in the society of which to realize this as we have seen hypnotists who, standthey are members. ing apart from a person, can, if the person is at all

But when Jesus says to mankind, "I am the Son willing and in the right frame of mind, gain possesof God"or "I have power to lay down my life and sion over his mind and cause him to do unusual power to take it up again"or "I am the resurrection things so that the person is possessed of the hypnoand the life, he that believeth in me, though he were tist, if you will. It ought to open our eyes to the fact

dead, yet shall he live; and whosoever liveth and that there is a vast realm, an unexplored frontier of

believeth in me, shall never die"or "Destroy this the human mind, about which we know little, and temple [this body] and I will raise it up again in someday it may become perfectly clear to us that three days,"they, being fearful of these declarations, evil spirits can gain hypnotic control over the minds no longer follow the Master. and bodies of men.

In teaching the New Testament, we do not desire When I read the New Testament, I find that Jesus to belittle the social gospel. We desire to make our thoroughly understood disease, and he did not supyouth aware of the finer virtues which Jesus exemplipose that everyone who was ill was possessed of an

fied, for he became forever our ideal in living. It is evil spirit. You can read in Matthew of two or three

just not logical to follow a man, to find him honest occasions when from morning until evening Christ in everything he says and does and then say that healed sick people, and you won't find a single case there are "one or two"important things in his daily in which the healing was by the casting out of an teachings that make him an imposter. evil spirit. There were hundreds and hundreds of

What I am saying is that we should accept the New healings, and in none of them did he suppose that

Testament as it is, not pick and choose what we the trouble was an evil spirit, possessing the person.

would like to believe in it. As a Church, we believe As a matter of fact, we can almost count on the

the entire story of Jesus Christ, and we do not name fingers of one hand all of the instances in which he him in one sentence a wise and just man and in diagnosed the trouble as the person being in the

MAY 1961 315 possession of an evil spirit and then healing that perfoundation particles of materials, the protons and son by the casting out of that spirit. He healed neutrons and electrons, are all alike. You form them

blindness, deafness, palsy, leprosy, and all manner of in a certain pattern, and they become wood; in another

diseases without casting out devils. Therefore, one pattern they become steel; in another pattern they bewho supposes that he was subject to the social feelcome gold. The process for producing gold was a bit

ing of his day—that illnesses were due to evil spirits costly, but the scientist found a basic truth in the

possessing people—has never thoroughly analyzed the world of physics, and someday, when we understand it

healings which Jesus performed. further, we might understand how water and wine can

We might get a bit out of patience sometimes when be made up from the same small components. But if

we find a teacher who does not believe that devils we wait in teaching the miracles of Jesus until we exist, when the scriptures are so clear in regard to come to an understanding, I think we won't teach them. What we are asking of teachers is that they them in this life.

teach the New Testament as it is. A miracle still requires faith. We have not reached

When we come to the miracles, what do we do an age when we can do away with faith. We recall

with them? I could show you many books which the Apostle Thomas, who, when told that Jesus had

men have written about the New Testament in been resurrected, said that he would not believe which the writers, when they come to the feeding until he felt Christ's body and saw the holes in his of the five thousand with the few loaves and the hands and in his feet. When Jesus, a week later,

few fishes, have this explanation: that Jesus was appeared unto the twelve, he told Thomas to come

so potent as a speaker, he and handle him and see.

so stirred his followers, Then Thomas believed, for that when he told his aposNEW CAR BUG it is easy to believe when tles to take the few loaves you can see. "Jesus saith

and fishes they had and to BY IDA M. PARDUE unto him, Thomas, because

distribute them as far as The set of instructions makes everything clear—thou hast seen me, thou

they would go to the peoWhich buttons do what to which highpowered hast believed: blessed are

ple, others catching the gear; they that have not seen,

spirit of giving, brought Just how to maneuver, reverse, and advance it: and yet have believed."

forth their lunches and It's all very clear—except how to finance it! (John 20:29.) Why? By

distributed them to their faith we are enriched with neighbors, and all were many truths that otherfed. That's a wonderful thought to instil in the wise could not be ours.

hearts of people—the desire to share. But what does The miracles become important to us if we can

it do with the power of the Lord? It rationalizes believe them without understanding them. They

it away. are a loss to us if we have to perform them ourselves

One authority on the New Testament wrote regardbefore we can believe. Let us not fall into the cateing this miracle, that Jesus had such power over the gory of those who believe that "God can do if man

minds of his followers that they forgot they were can do,"but doubt that he can do anything we have hungry, and that a mere crumb from the loaves and not demonstrated. Yet that feeling is prevalent in

fishes seemed to suffice. the world, and it belittles our Lord.

I do not know how Jesus performed his miracles, We have those who doubt that Jesus organized only that he had the power to do them. I do not the Church, despite the fact that he chose the twelve

know how he turned water into wine. I do know and ordained them, chose seventies and sent them

that a Dutch scientist turned lead into gold by forth to preach, despite the fact that he himself was breaking lead down to its smaller component parts baptized, despite the fact that he and the twelve and rebuilding them chemically in a new pattern baptized others into the Church. A person who reads

because he had discovered the basic truth that the the New Testament and says that Jesus never organ316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ized a Church is blind to the facts. Certainly, he is reading their New Testament correctly. We hope

ignorant of the priesthood of the Lord and Master; that our teachers will have their students memorize

the position of the apostles and the seventies. all those passages in the New Testament which our

In our study should we read books about the New mission presidents want them to have in the field.

Testament? We should read widely, but we should also There is no reason why a student when through with

read well. There is much that learned men can tell us a study of the New Testament should not be able

about the climate of Palestine, about the customs of the to quote scores of passages, line by line—the passages

people, about the nature of the homes, about the which are most successfid in interesting people in the meaning of many words; but I hope that we realize mission field in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

they cannot teach us very much about the doctrines of Let us talk about the New Testament parables for the kingdom, and we ought not to be misled by what a moment. I have sat in New Testament classes

they say and write. We are a fortunate people in that more than once and found the teacher interpreting a

the Lord has preserved for us and given to us through parable according to some biblical scholar. Dr.

his Prophet Joseph Smith additional scriptures that Butterick, for example, in his book The Parables of have a bearing upon the doctrines of our Lord and Jesus, has done a commendable job with the informaMaster. It was intended of our Father in heaven that tion he had, but if we take his interpretation of the

we read these as well as the Bible, letting each compleTen Virgins, the five wise and the five foolish ones, ment the other and bring us to understanding. we will find he is in error. How do I know he is in

While we may be teaching the New Testament in error? Because he who gave the parable explained

class, and the New Testait to Joseph Smith, and ment may be all that our this explanation is constudents are reading each STILL WET tained in the Doctrine and day, especially when they Covenants. We would be

are getting credit for the BY ANNIE LAURIE VON TUNGELM foolish to teach this particcourse, we, as teachers, "Wet Paint,"the sign proclaims ular parable if we do not ought to be aware of Those words are only bait: know how Jesus himself

everything that is conSome force in man innate explained it and what he tributed by the Book of Is skeptic to such claimsmeant.

Mormon, the Doctrine and He must investigate. We learn as we go

Covenants, and the Pearl through the New Testaof Great Price to a better ment that often at night understanding, aiding us to guide the student to a the apostles said to Jesus, "What did you mean today correct comprehension of what he reads. We can do by this story or this parable that you told,"and he

this without reading from the Book of Mormon or explained it to them; therefore, we have both the

the Doctrine and Covenants in class. We should parable and the explanation in the New Testament.

understand that when we teach the New Testament This is wonderful, for we have comparative unity in properly that we are teaching the doctrines of the the Christian world on those particular parables.

Church. I am sure that we are the only people under But there are many parables not explained in the

heaven who are teaching the New Testament properly; New Testament which are explained in the Doctrine

the only ones who are teaching it in a nonsectarian and Covenants: the parable of the laborers in the

fashion. We want our students to be so familiar vineyard, the parable of the olive tree, the parable of

with it that they can go into the mission field with the judgments, and the parable of the sword. They

understanding and confidence, knowing what the can be easily found because they are in the index

Bible teaches about the ordinances of the Church, and concordance of that volume. It is not necessary

the organization of the Church, the atonement of that we be great students of the Doctrine and Covethe Lord and Savior. Sometimes their contacts nants to find them quickly. In addition, some of the

become amazed when they find they have not been parables are explained (Continued on page 340)

MAY 1961 317 1, J a, wen, Jl. Oa'uo Nifa F fy moa

i le nysgu ryw >ina ai teisi iaga e tele i o'u

i< o'u aso uma;

tat tit na mea lilo a le tn ft ill sa safai i o'u as<

IMENIAN, 1937 CZECHOSLOVAKIA 1933 WELSH, 1852 SAMOAN, 1903

IOi JS 1 # JL*mj Jk% M-4, Mra alle clu leeruigrfore unj tmm%, alquaBto io; edaveni glide mijn level* Batt it 0fihmf9t miei gforni rijkeliJK giwgr jag Sir * t*/M**4 lal Signore p

grmde e it ilij hedft mij m nen* Met Is cli%g*nIt tinriiL -#,../.. i. ereid Io fo......q-Jkt

i/EDISH, 1878 TURKISH, 1906 ITALIAN, 1852 DUTCH, 1890 i* uwau, ojmepai I. Yo, Nefi, narwephi r jj0 Niwhai

u i akotia ai la an I mm mea p in la cleoda de mito'u ra odos los dias de n [pa; a i kite afa lie iwi i ko fu mhanavorecido por el otira kna | poseldo a abiendo ja afcu p

* ** ai i alet lid II cl i a ra* M * y los mlsterios de e *; Jiiaimai a m#j us; echos deml vida;>honu aa ugaro*

'"itei?.ite- 4.

TITIAN, 1904 MAORI, 1889 HAWAIIAN, 1855 SPANISH, 1886.....;::

rRANSLATION DIOWR-

From that day in March 1830 when the copies of the Book of

I, Nephi, having h Mormon came from the press in Palmyra, New York, Mormonwas taught somewl ism'spresentingbest themissionaryglorious messagehas beenof themarchingrestoredwithgospel,thebrightenelders, ing the lives of those who heed and become part of the greathaving seen many afflict"brotherhood that is the Church.dieless, having been The "parade"of the host of languages into which it has

ea, having had a greal been printed reads like this: English 1830, Danish 1851, German,

-nysteries of God, SpanishFrench, Italian,1886, MaoriWelsh,1889,all inDutch1852; Hawaiian1890, Samoan1855, 1903,SwedishTahitian1878,

1904, Turkish 1906, Japanese 1909, Czechoslovakian 1933,

Armenian 1937, Portuguese 1939, Tongan 1945, Norwegian 1950,

Finnish 1954.

The first lines from First Nephi, together with the year of publication in some of these languages make up the illustration for these pages.

The word is that the book of Third Nephi is soon to be printed in Chinese and Korean, with the full Book of Mormon to follow.

The book was also published in the Deseret Alphabet in 1869; and in Braille in 1936.

It has also been translated but not printed in Hindoostani,

Greek, Bulgarian, Russian, Hungarian, Hebrew, SerboCroation (Yugoslavian), and Filipino. An Arabic translation has also

been commenced.

Reports show that the Church printed 475,000 missionary copies of the Book of Mormon in 1960 (nearly twice the number of copies printed in 1955). Add to this the library and

"Bible paper"copies, and some of the foreign language copies printed elsewhere in the world, and it comes to more than a hundredfold the original printing in 1830 of 5,000 copies paid for by Martin Harris, which supplied the Church for some time. The

second edition of the book was printed in 1837 at Kirtland, Ohio.

I "My son lives just four blocks from the chapel but has never HOW CAN been inside"; "My brother has lost his testimony and is sendhis School"; to children a nondenominational Sunday

I interest These problems can nonmember wife?"INTEREST MY ing"How my

adult member NONMEMBER AND areday Saints.some ofTheythe aremostof heartrendingdeep concern tothateveryconfront Latterof the Church who has a testimony of the divinity of this

work. At the same time, the problems offer vast potential,INACTIVE LOVEDand even modest success is usually accompanied by profound

ONES joy Toandconsidersatisfaction.the problem in detail, let us divide it into

several areas: First, loved ones and relatives with whom

IN THE we are not closely associated. Among these would be sons

and daughters away from home, cousins, uncles, aunts, brothers, sisters, etc. In many cases, these are disinterested CHURCH?

people. There are very limited steps that can be taken in

the interest of these persons. First and foremost, we remember them unceasingly in our prayers. Fasting can also be

of assistance.

We must take every opportunity to maintain contact with them. Correspond with them regularly. Do not fail to

write. In discreet ways let them know of the satisfaction

that comes to you through your activity in the Church. Visit

them on every possible occasion, even if this dictates how your vacation will be spent. Urge all of the family to do

likewise, but you take the initiative! Do everything possible

to maintain a family consciousness. Plan reunions and other

family gettogethers. It would be well to make sure that

The Improvement Era is in their home. If a son and a

daughter, manifest your love and loyalty to them, but do not fail to let them know of your expectations. I can testify

that a mother's expectations have had a very tempering influence on the life of this man. Write or call the bishop or

branch president in the area in which your loved one lives, or if the relative is a nonmember, make sure that the name is sent to the proper mission authorities. If the person feels

vindictive, do not take offense. Let every contact tend to

BY GEORGE E. to temper the attitude of your relative. Do not give up.

WATKINS Continue to pray. Draw close to him during periods of

FORMER discouragement and sorrow, and let him know of the comfort

PRESIDENT, and satisfaction that only the gospel can bring.

N.Y. STAKE Let us now consider the case of very close loved ones

MISSION with whom we live, nonmembers in this case—husbands and

wives who are not antagonistic but who have not as yet joined the Church. I have often heard LDS men and women

say of their spouses, "We are not of the same religious belief, but because of the respect we bear for each other we do not try to impose our faiths on each other."Here the approach

is so very clear. You must teach him! Do not hesitate to

enlist the aid of your local (Continued on page 358)

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The dB&& agiq offP

m m MAY 1961 Marion D. Hanks, Editor; Youth

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

THERE'S MAGIC IN MAY IF YOU... rediscover walking. Do some cozy talking. Make a

Find a friend. Stage a party (on your own time) for the tots you tend. Walk on clover

Make a hit with m r the "chef"bit. Find a new*- 4. star constellation. Learn the

Play follow the leader with all the old crowd. Memorize scripture. Recite it aloud. My

Go climb a high hill and then for a real thrill

take a lofty

Here is a tantalizing thought for a timorous teen in the magic month of May: BE HAPPY!

"Ah, yes,"you say, "BE HAPPY! But how? What

is happiness? Where is happiness?"

* Happiness is at your fingertips. It is all around

you. It is within you. Happiness is like the old man's

'God has made all men to be happy."—Epictetus

spectacles which he cannot find. It is perching right

there on the end of your nose, or sitting out of sight on your forehead, or there by your side at arm's reach.

Rudyard Kipling left a great thought. He said,

The best thing, I suppose, That a man can do for his land,

Is the thing that lies under his nose,

With the tools that lie under his hand.

it could become traditional; should be unconditional.May basketagf such a gay task

(baretoot?) Play "Annie's Eye Over."Start to knit, =fr Improve your wit. p

shag, the dance sensation. Invite your mother to a tea. Fly a kite. Go see the sea.

Mount butterflies and label 'em. r J* Make daisy chains and model 'em

look at life

And so is the best thing one can do for his Church, Do your best at the task at hand. Plan and prepare

his community, his neighborhood, his family, for himfor work to do that will be meaningful and congenial self. > The scenes and seeds and sites of real joy or for you. Find happiness by loving and serving others,

contribution or service are not in some far distant earnestly and unselfishly. Accept yourself as you are,

place or in some other circumstance. "Happy Valley"but be your better self and move in the direction of

is not over the hill or down the road. your best self. Be wholesome. Be good. Make happy

Would you be happy? Build firm foundations of memories and cultivate a clear conscience by doing

faith. Look around you—at life, at the goodness in things that will be good to remember and refraining

your fellow men, at the graciousness of your Heavenly from word and act and thought that will not be good

Father and the marvelous works of his creative hand to remember. Be courteous and kind and gentle to

and the inspiration of his high and holy purposes all. Insist on being happy. Said Abraham Lincoln,

for you and all men. "No man is happy who does not think himself so."

Consider your present blessings. Which of them You see! Happiness is within you and around you.

would you give up? How much would you yearn for It lies under your hand.

them, and what would you do to get them if you God wants you to find it, enjoy it, and share it.

did not have them? BY MARION D. HANKS

Leave the disappearing

1A SARGENT act to the magicians

Are you a "nowwe-seeyou-nowwe-don't"type of ment meeting and then slipped out right after openteen? Are there places you've promised to be—and ing exercises?

weren't? Are there things you've promised to do—Agreed to a certain rehearsal time and then failed

and didn't? Promised? Yes, promised—promised your to show without notifying the others?

parents or others in the family; promised your friends Kept a family member waiting in vain because

or your classmates; promised your bishop or your you forgot to pick him up when you took the family

teachers; promised your Heavenly Father or even car?

yourself. Suddenly buried yourself behind homework or

You can't enter the priesthood of God or advance escaped to a friend's house just when it's time for in it, without making promises. You can't honestly household chores to be done?

enter school without assenting (which is a form of In other words, teens, do your "wantto-do's"get promise) to the rules and obligations of that school. preference over your "oughtto-do's"? If they do,

Each time you pray to your Heavenly Father you are, you're in for a hard time. Soften it with excuses,

in a way, promising. Every morning, as you open cushion it with false justification, the truth still reyour eyes and heart to a new day you are, in a mains that if others can't count on you, you can't

sense, promising yourself to recognize and use its count on yourself. What's left for you is a weighted

opportunities. conscience and another sledge hammer swing into

Ask yourself if you have ever: the bad habit groove.

Promised to be at a work party—decorating the On the other hand, success, happiness, and even

hall, thinning the beets, picking the welfare produce, salvation may be a simple matter of being prepared raking the ward lawn, setting up chairs, or any one and in the right place at the right time... being

of several other projects requiring many helpful hands "where you oughta be when you oughta be there,"but where only a few showed up, and you were NOT as they're phrasing it around MIA these days. Opporamong the few? tunity, good luck, and the approval of our Heavenly

Accepted hospitality of a friend and then walked Father all favor those who are disciplined and deout on the party during game time, seeking your own pendable, ready and willing, "present and accounted diversion with your favorite date? r - BY EMILY H. BENNETT

Told your parents you were going to MIA or SacraFIRST COUNSELOR,PRESIDENCY,GENERALYWMIA

.'St*

.

The tricks up your sleeve for being the "host or hostess with the mostest"may vary from juggling stunts (translation: clever ways of changing partners

—such as choosing a nose through a hole in a sheet!)

to antiguillotine gimicks (translation: keeping your

head when all around you seem to be losing theirs).

But tricks there must be, however cleverly disguised.

A good party doesn't just happen. It takes plotting

and planning and practice just as a magician's most deceiving act. It may look easy, but there is more

to it than meets the eye.

up your

i sleeve Whipping up a cool concoction at the drop of an doesn't take a turn at entertaining at home. A coninvitation should be easier for you girls than bubbling stant diet of movies is tiresome, besides expensive.

water in a beaker is for the magic man. So when Use your initiative and play host with games and

the party is at your house, plan on having fun with gags. Assign each guest to bring his favorite group

food. Spread out the supplies for a doit-yourself or table game, record, or reading. Get ideas from

affair. Could be pancakes, poor boys', or pizza; could the library for simple magic tricks the crowd can try.

be sundaes, sandwiches, or salads; could be fish 'n Set* up your own musical quiz with records.

fries, donuts, or dogwoods. By the time you've made The sheer sorcery in these party plans is that all

it, eaten it, and cleaned up, a wonderful time has the teens will get in on the act. It isn't a oneman

been had by all. or onewoman show. Just remember that tricks up

A boy on the other hand, may lose his head around your sleeve aren't worth a thing, unless you use them.

a certain girl, but he might also lose the girl if he BY ELAINE CANNON retire to thy bed early, that jequate sleep and rest are absoluteye may not be weary; arise early, ly necessary for mental alertness and

that your bodies and your minds for keeping the body's resistance to may be invigorated."infections at its best.

(D&C 88:124.)

'Anger is an emotion which increases Most marvelous the flow of adrenalin, which increases the blood pressure and pulse "An angry man stirreth up strife, and makes a person less capable of Ours is an age of marvelous inventions. With

and a furious man aboundeth in using his best judgment mentally and great ingenuity man has developed miraculous trangression."impairs his physical responses. This things—television, jetpropelled craft, artificial

in serious result conextremely HProv. 29:22.) may satellites, lifesaving drugs—which would have

at the very sequences and least makes one lose dignity and composure and been considered impossible only a few years the respect of others. ago. Yet none of these wonders is even in the

same league with the human body which God created for us.

Consider the intricacies of the nervous system "All grain is ordained for the use Grain, fruits, and vegetables should with its reflexes and conscious thoughtprocesses;

in diet. daily the be included They to staff of the of life. be... man digestive the the heart; of beating the continuous... help keep the health body in good "... all herbs wholesome God into of all types body of food conversion organs'in helping are valuable a serious and constitution, forhath the ordained

nature, and use of man skin problem among growing boys tissue or energy. This wonderful, complicated

"... as also the fruit of the vine and girls. Acne (or pimples) is an structure was designed by our Father in heaven

... whether in the ground or above embarrassing condition aggravated by to house our spirits and to make it possible for

a diet includes too which much richthe ground."earth. to live us on this mortal

containing of a high percentage (D&C 89:14, 10, 16.) food, receiving temple for our After this body—the fats sugars. and

spirit—it is our obligation to give it proper care,

to do nothing to injure it. It is a form of immorality deliberately to take anything into it which

will be harmful to it or to abuse it by excesses.

contain drug, caf- a coffee and Tea

'"And again, hot drinks are not for 'to The Lord has given us advice on the care of the stimulant fe ine, strong which is a the body or belly."(Ibid., 89:9.) the central nervous system. Their body without going into detail about the rea-

(This has been interpreted as meaning use is like whipping the body and sons, but modern medical research has added especially tea and coffee.) the mind and is followed inevitably much to our knowledge. Divine counsel and

'by a reaction of nervousness, insomnia, scientific inquiry combine to teach us how to and excess bodily fatigue. live to be well.

Do you want to be happy? Of course! Everyone has this as a goal. Then give your body

the kind of care which will help it to stay healthy so your mortal life will not be made miserable and painful by selfinflicted disease.

"... for the temple of God is holy, which

Tobacco causes cancer of the mouth, "... tobacco is not for the body, larynx, and lung; it increases the temple ye are."(I Cor. 3:17.)

neither for the belly, and is not good incidence of disease of the heart and BY RICHARD S. TANNER. M.D.

STAKE BISHOP, BONNEVILLE YALE WARD.for man."(Ibid., 89:8.) blood vessels, and aggravates some

YMMIA BOARD GENERAL MEMBER, FORMER types of stomach disorders.

There are two main problems associated with the use of alcohol:

1. One who drinks may become adalcoholic dicted a chronic and become

"... inasmuch as any man drinketh

drinker. 2. Alcohol or compulsive is a

you, it drink or strongwine among is not good... strong drinks are depressant drug, not a stimulant, and

not for the belly, but for the washeven a small amount causes some ing of your bodies. (Ibid., 89:5, 7.) dullness of the nervous system. Reflex

time is slowed and judgment impaired. This may cause an individual

to commit an antisocial, illegal, or immoral act while under its influence.

of all.. the miracle of yo

.... -

/J

:.-', m

fir

JORLI PERINE, JERRY MUIR. LAGUNA BEACH, CALIFORNIA

PHOTO: ROBERT PERINE

BRYAN HARDY. SHARON ELDREDGE. SALT LAKE CITY

HowPHOTO: ERNEST toW1TTKE raise

a roof

(A building fund can be fun for teens with a little madness in their methods. Herewith some

ideas to help you do your share.)

1. BUY A BRICK: Round up a pile of used ones.

Scrub them, paint them dark colors. Use bits of felt,

rickrack, beads, decals for gay decor. Sell them for

door stops, book ends, paperweights, shelf brackets.

2. BOTTLE BANKS: each teen decorates his/her

own and starts saving. Deadline day brings a party

for all, prizes for some... like the one with the

most nickels vintage 1932, the one with the cleverest bottle, the wildest, the prettiest.

3. WHAT'S IN A NAME: Money, that's what! Teens

pay for the chance of signing a patch on a friendship quilt. Stage a quilting bee and under the helpful

hands of the Relief Society, finish the quilt for presentation to the bishop or Primary Children's Hospital.

4. SHINE 'EM UP: Shoes, silver, windows, cars.

The rub in this one—you furnish the polish and energy.

Members pay for your services. vJm3

FASHION DATA BY YVONNE MERRILL MARTHA YOUNG, DOUGLAS BOWERS, LESLIE MEADOWS, SALT LAKE CITY

PHOTO: WALLACE KASTELER

Not Rabbits... in hats these sprightly spring Tiptoeing through the TULIPS may not be this gendays, but teens! eration's idea of a good time, but it's a hint to tread

Boys and girls alike are working magic with their lightly and with some respect wherever there is eviwardrobes by teaming frankly fun hats with play dence of beauty.. a girl, a garden, a glowing scene.

clothes and properly proper hats with Sundaygo-toDAFFODILS have a certain delightful restraint.

meeting attire. They depend on crisp color and classic simplicity for

High style and high dimensioned hats have caught attention getting. They're the epitome of understateon with the girls. Some sprout their own flowers; ment. How about you?

some are fringed or bow bedecked. Some have a MIX ONE MAY EVENING... (its essence of blooms,

feather or even a fabulous fake bird for a whimsical its mellow twilight, its mildness and nostalgia) with accent. But all are colorful, unusual, young in mood. the right combination of people and place and good

"THE FLOWERS THAT BLOOM in the May, Tra, la,"talk. Add all the lessons you've learned from the

could be symbolic to you. If you'd care to give it a Era of Youth. Garnish lightly with your best personwhirl, here are some things to consider: VIOLETS ality traits. Yield: a time to remember. Serve proudly

have been described as shy. But they've braved many with a quiet conscience.

a storm and managed to look good while doing it. MAY'S MAGIC... which we've been chattering

How about you? about in this issue, can cast a spell on many phases

There are umpteen different varieties of the ROSE of your life if you sharpen up your manners. Social

—each lovely in its own special way. Take inspiration. knowhow gives you poise, saves embarrassing moKnow your own type and be the best of it, not a poor ments, smoothes ruffled feelings, impresses, pleases,

copy of someone else. delights. Worth working for, h'm, whether you're a

LILACS perfume the air, faintly and sweetly. How Boy Scout or a missionary, a Beehive girl or her

about you? teacher!

'd like to know

F Question: I have some friends who say that

to believe in one true church is intolerant and unchristian. They say that there are

many roads to heaven. How do we answer

them?

Answer: The argument of your friends is itself not and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction,

Christian, in the true meaning of that word. Christ and many there be which go in thereat:

taught the opposite of what they are saying. He "Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way,

himself did not represent the kind of "tolerance"which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."

they talk about. (Matt. 7:1314.)

Consider these facts:

And again, 1. There is much confusion in the religious world, "Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall

among churches, and within different sects. There enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth

are hundreds of "Christian"churches. the will of my Father which is in heaven."(Ibid., 7:21.)

2. God is not the author of confusion, nor can he 5. It is not enough to be sincere. We must be

be pleased with it. Confusion is the product of error sincere and right. Paul was sincere when he perseor lack of understanding. Christ taught and prayed cuted the Christians. He had to turn from his errofor unity among his disciples and all who should neous ways. Men's beliefs do not affect the truth or

believe on him through them. Said Paul: "One Lord, falsity of a principle. We must follow God's way.

one faith, one baptism, One God and Father of all."

(Eph. 4:5-6.) Hear Jesus:

"... in vain do they worship me, teaching for

3. Confusion prevails because men would "not doctrines the commandments of men."(Mark 7:7.)

endure sound doctrine,"but have turned to their own ways, or followed false teachers. 6. It is the personal obligation of every Christian

to find the truth for himself, through search, service, 4. Christ taught: prayer, and reverence, and, having found it, to live

"Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate by it.-M. D. H.

BY MARION D. HANKS

OF THE FIRST COUNCILCONQUER THE OF THE SEVENTY

"\ DARKNESS r "... 7 beheld myself that I was in

a dark and dreary

waste. "And after I had traveled for the space of many hours in darkness, I began to pray unto the Lord that he would have mercy on me,..."

I (1 Nephi 8:7-8.)

I I theBOOK MORMON V J L y

The young man across the desk was earnestly seekthen did he taste the inspiration, the soulfilling joy ing help. He was anticipating and preparing for a of the love of God.

missionary call and had recently gone through the It is likely that all who have effectively served the temple. This had been a marvelous experience for Lord have had to travel "for the space of many hours

him, and he had rejoiced in it, but then darkness and in darkness."The story of Joseph Smith is perhaps

difficulty and doubt began to assail him. Never had best known. As he knelt in prayer, seeking light

he been so tempted. It was as if the forces of evil and knowledge, he was "seized upon by some power"

were conspiring to keep him from his great commiswhich overcame him. "Thick darkness"gathered

sion to serve the Lord. Troubled, beleagured, beset around him, and it seemed to him for a time as if

with selfcriticism, he had come seeking help. he were "doomed to sudden destruction."But he

Many who have been called to important responsifought and prayed, and after a time the darkness bilities in the Lord's Church could sympathize with the was dispelled, the light shone, and the magnificent young man. Satan does not want the work of the visitation followed.

kingdom to prosper. Individuals whose servicepower The sons of Mosiah completed a marvelous misand willingness to serve have brought them opporsion to the Lamanites, but found success only after

tunities often seem to be targets for the concentrated "... many afflictions; they did suffer much, both in

elements of opposition. It has apparently been this body and in mind, such as hunger, thirst and fatigue,

way as long as men have been free to choose and and also much labor in the spirit."(Alma 17:5.)

responsible for deciding to which of these great forces Nephi, desiring to rejoice in the "great goodness of they would give their lives and loyalties. the Lord,"was "encompassed about, because of the

It is recorded in the Book of Mormon that Father temptations and the sins"which beset him. (2 Nephi

Lehi had a vision in which he saw the tree of life, 4:1718.)

which was a representation of the love of God. He As to those great prophets—mighty men of Godknew that the fruit of that tree was "desirable to came the need to struggle against the forces of

make one happy,"the sweetest and most important darkness so does it come to each who seeks to do fruit of life and eternity, and he was anxious to reach well and to serve the Lord. Humble though

and partake of it. Before he could realize this blessour calling may seem, to succeed in it we must overing, however, he was required to pass through a come evil, pass through the "dark and dreary waste,"

"dark and dreary waste,"traveling "for the space of battle the "temptations and sins which do so easily many hours in darkness."Earnestly praying to the beset"us. To us is the assurance given, as it was to

Lord, holding fast to the iron rod which was the them, that through desire, faith, determination, and word of God, resisting the "temptations of the devil"devotion; and through sincere prayer and earnest

and the mockery of the proud and cynical, Lehi effort, we can conquer the darkness and "walk in overcame the darkness and found the light. Only the light."

MAY 1961 321 ilil '?*:f <fe sajjg$ IHipS?!**** "J* 1*? 1? 1

t

P.,*,

V-'j-i-..;""'.SttSJ >''"S<cs?

Jff*y,A::: J-i ii

77*e Flower in the briny waters as did all other boats, but there were times when the whole party had to drag her through the shallow waters bordering the mudflats of of the lake until they felt like leaving her there and abandoning the survey.

Captain Howard Stansbury of the Corps of Topographical Engineers of the US War Department was Salt Lake

BY BERNICE GIBBS ANDERSON ordered west on April 11, 1849 to head an expedition to make a survey of the Great Salt Lake and explore its valley. Because of the heavy demand for teams

They called her the Sally, but her real name was the and wagons at Fort Leavenworth and the heavy drain

Salicornia, or Flower of Salt Lake. She was the chief upon supplies, owing to the gold rush, he was demeans of transportation and the pride of Stansbury's tained while supplies and teams were obtained from

men on their exploration and survey of the Great Kansas City, hence it was the 31st of May before he

Salt Lake in 184950. She was built near the Jordan finally began his journey. Even then, the cholera

River, west of Salt Lake City, with considerable diffiwas raging and his assistant, Lt. Gunnison, was so

culty, for every stick of timber used in construction ill that his bed had to be placed in a spring wagon had to be brought from the canyons of the mountains, so the party could proceed. There were in all: eighteen

while the planking, although of the best material the men, five wagons, and fortysix horses and mules.

country afforded, was so liable to split and crack that Extracts from Stansbury's daily journal give an it was totally unfit for the purpose. She rode high interesting picture of the trail which thousands had

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

already braved, either in search of a new home in full of quicksand, but after a struggle the men

Oregon or Utah or that more alluring place holding reached the opposite bank and proceeded to the the glittering treasures of California. As they prolodges. The five lodges, pitched upon the open

gressed the country became destitute of trees, and prairie, appeared deserted. Inside they found the

there rose to meet them "the bald, naked prairie, with bodies of nine Sioux wrapped in buffalo robes with sweeping undulations of the surface, as if a heavy all their belongings piled around them. A short disground-swell of the ocean had been suddenly arrested tance away was a small lodge containing the body

and converted by the wand of some enchanter, into of a young Indian girl of sixteen or eighteen years, fixed and solid rock."richly dressed in leggings of fine scarlet cloth, elaboThe freshly made graves, one of them torn open rately ornamented, a new pair of moccasins, beautiby the wolves; the immense herds of buffalo, the fully worked with porcupine quills, was on her

many overloaded wagons of immigrants abandoning feet, and her body was wrapped in two superb food, boxes, bonnets, trunks, and innumerable pieces buffalo robes, which had been worked like the of household furniture, are all described by him. moccasins. Later Stansbury learned that they had

And the 4th of July was celebrated with a day's all died of the dread cholera, and the girl, having rest in camp and a salute fired morning and evebeen considered past recovery, had been enclosed ning. The party was camped on the South Fork in the lodge alive and abandoned to her fate. Later

of the Platte and, having observed some Indian some white men had approached, and even as the lodges across the river, Stansbury, accompanied by girl had raised her head to look at them, had turned five or six of his men, decided to pay them a visit. away with a heartlessness that disgraces human

The river at this point was about a mile in width and nature and left her alone to die, making no effort

MAY 1961 323 to aid her. route from Salt Lake City to this point was first

Reaching Fort Bridger on the 11th of August, taken by Colonel Fremont in 1845. A year later it

Stansbury sent his main party along the Mormon trail was followed by the tragic Donner party, which to Salt Lake City. And being desirous of finding a became belated in crossing the Sierra Nevada Mounshorter route to the junction of the two California tains. Half of them perished at Donner's Lake and

trails on the Humboldt or Mary's River, he tried to the rest were reduced to the revolting necessity of find a new route to the head of the Great Salt Lake eating their dead comrades before they were rescued or to the point where the Bear River enters its basin by a relief force from Sutter's Fort.

through the Wasatch range from Cache Valley, the Out on a salty mud plain, as Stansbury traveled

Fort Hall road, which was the original Oregon Trail, eastward through the night, he passed five wagons bearing north by nearly two degrees, consequently and one cart that had been stuck fast in the mud and lengthening the trip. He was guided through the abandoned by members of the Donner party, who,

mountains to Ogden's Hole (presently Huntsville fearful of perishing themselves in this inhospitable

Valley ) by Jim Bridger, but they failed to find a suitwaste, had left great quantities of excellent clothing, able route which wagons could travel. toolchests, trunks, books, medicines, and household

Going to Salt Lake City, Stansbury, having heard articles which had been brought thousands of miles that the Mormons intended to oppose his survey and which were now strewn over the plain. The

because they feared the government, intended to drive carcasses of their oxen, having died of thirst, lay on them from even this wilderness. He visited Brigham the ground, and the moon, shining through a mass

Young, and having assured him that no harm was of dark and threatening clouds, lent an eerie appearintended to the Saints, secured his goodwill and ance to the desolate scene.

cooperation, for without the aid of the Mormon Early rains had turned the salt flats into a sea of people in supplying his party, the survey could not mud through which the party dragged themselves be completed. Stansbury expressed the highest relaboriously across the seventymile desert to the

gard for the great Mormon leader and his people, eastern ridge of mountains, where they passed an stating that they were rendered almost desperate emigrant "cache"which had been robbed and its by the wrongs and persecutions they had suffered in contents scattered. They also found twelve ox yokes

Illinois and Missouri. Having fled to these far distant lying in a heap on the ground. They probably

wilds, they now supposed themselves to be followed belonged to the oxen of James Reed of the Donner up by the government to be driven from this solitary party, whose men had tried to drive their thirstspot where they had hoped to set up their dwellings crazed animals to water, but having failed, the oxen in peace. The pledge of assistance was faithfully bolted in all directions into the desert night and were

fulfilled, and the warm interest and efficient aid never seen again.

rendered both in the personal welfare of the party Stansbury's party finally reached Salt Lake City, and in the survey are acknowledged in Stansbury's exhausted and weary, having spent nineteen days report. on the trip around the lake shore from the Bear River

Leaving some of his party in Salt Lake City, Ford and being the first party of white men to sucStansbury proceeded north to Fort Hall on the Snake ceed in making the entire circuit of the lake by land.

River, north of Pocatello, Idaho. Here he picked up They spent the winter (184950) on the Bear River

his supply train and returned to Bear River Ford. enjoying the hospitality of the Mormon people and

He made an exploration of Cache Valley. At the making preparations for their impending survey of

ford he rejoined his party, sent the provision train the lake by water.

south along the emigrant road on the east side of In the spring the Sally was launched on the Jordan the lake, with orders to report to Lt. Gunnison at River, and after considerable loading and unloading

Salt Lake City. He kept four men and sixteen mules and dragging through mud bars, she finally floated

with him and set off without a guide on a reconfree on the waters of the Salt Lake. Although by

naissance trip around the north, the west, and southno means a clipper, she moved along with sails set ern shores of the Great Salt Lake, which no party of merrily to the breeze, and her crew was conscious of white men had ever made before. the fact that no craft that large had ever floated upon

Suffering many hardships from lack of water on the these solitary waters. A small skiff was towed alongside,

hot, dry salt deserts, he finally arrived southward which proved to be one of the most valuable additions at the springs along the east side of Pilot Peak, a to the expedition. The services of Albert Carrington

landmark on the UtahNevada line, where they rested of Salt Lake City as a guide had been secured before turning eastward across the seventymile desert, since he had spent considerable time on the lake or Hasting's Cutoff, as it was then known. The the previous summer. (Continued on page 330)

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it After many days shall return to you

BY ALVIN D. DAY

An LDS chapel was to be built in a northern Calientire group. "Brothers,"he said, "I would like to

fornia town. The members of the branch there had tell all of you my experience with the Mormon

been looking forward to this time since six years beChurch."(He is one of the most respected members

fore when a little old woman, who was one of the of the carpenters local union; and when he speaks,

most faithful of converts, had handed the branch they listen. He is a delegate to the central labor

president five dollars and asked that it be used to council, and to their state conventions.) "A few

start a building fund for a branch chapel. From this years ago,"he continued, "I was in Casper, Wyoming.

small beginning the fund grew as did the branch. The Mormons were remodeling their church building.

Now that the time had arrived to start construction They were doing it by donation work, and I helped of their Church home, the members of the branch them two days. They thanked me kindly and gave

presidency and building committee were determined me a Book of Mormon.

that nothing should happen to delay the speedy com- "Sometime later I was working in Salt Lake City, pletion of it; so they proceeded to consult the building and I took sick. I was staying in a hotel room and was

trade unions. They explained to the union officials full of misery. The weather was hot, and it seemed

that they were not asking for donations, although like I couldn't breathe. I opened my door, and a

they would not refuse donations if they were offered; Mormon elder who was going through the hotel came

but that thev wished to do their own work on the in to see me, and when he found what condition I was building as far as they could, that most of it would in said he would report it to his bishop right away. A

be donation work and much of it evening and Saturlittle later that bishop, who appeared to be a businessday work; and asked if there were any objection to man, came to see me. He got me a good doctor, and I

union members working on the chapel at these times was soon back on my feet again. That Mormon bishop

if they so desired. not only paid my doctor bill, but my hotel bill as

No objection was made by any of the building well. Don't ever hesitate to help the Mormons, for

trades unions until an LDS carpenter met with his you will never lose anything by it."

union to discuss the matter with them. They did not The building of the LDS chapel went ahead speedlike the idea of carpenter work being done on Saturily with the enthusiastic help of the missionaries.

day, as union carpenters are pledged not to work on The townspeople were pleasantly surprised when

Saturday—even for themselves, and they said they the LDS members did not canvass the city for donawould prefer that the work be done on Sunday. Howtions as other churches did when they built their

ever, as this was a church group; the union realized buildings. Some of them said it was too large a

that they couldn't very well ask the church members building for so small a congregation, and it would to work on Sunday. It was finally decided that the put the LDS branch in debt for many years. Thereunion would make no objections to Church members

were several other churches in the city that had beendoing their donation work whenever they wished.

Then Mr. C-, a prominent member of the carpenter's in the process of building from five to ten years, and

union, asked which church it was that was to start there was still a heavy debt on them. Many people

a new building. He was informed that it was the were very much surprised when this LDS chapel was

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, or the dedicated less than a year after construction started, one he probably knew as the "Mormon Church."and it was announced that the indebtedness was comMr. C's attitude changed, and he addressed the pletely paid.

MAY 1961 325 Prophet's Birthplace geological reference books and pubthe memorial cottage. (Ibid., p. 26.)

lishers of encyclopedias have failed (Continued from page 301) to record it. TWO COLONIAL BUILDINGS.

Spreading southwest from the front committee, guided by Harold W. THE MONUMENT DESCRIBED. of the monument are lawns and

Burton, supervising architect of the In the summer of 1905, Elder Junius cement walks, broken by two sets

Church and the designer of the F. Wells selected a small hill 87 of stone steps leading to the elevapresent set of memorial buildings, feet northeast from the spot where tion of the monument base. Beyond

along with Irvin T. Nelson, the the hearthstone was to rest in the the lawn and a low stone wall is

Church landscape architect in charge Memorial Cottage. In the crown of the beautiful "Mirror Pool,"giving

of the birthplace ground, had made this hill, he made an excavation by forth fascinating reflections from all its extended reports and recomblasting out the solid rock, fourteen sides—the majestic monument, the

mendations, the Authorities of the feet square and seven feet deep. two attractive stone colonial style

Church decided that the Memorial Into this excavation he poured and buildings, the bordering trees, and

Cottage was to be torn down, and mixed fortyfive barrels of cement, the green hills beyond. Eastward

the whole birthplace premises—all thirty cubic yards of sand and gravel, from this pool is the new Bureau

but the spot where stands the and twenty cubic yards of boulders. of Information, having a wellMemorial Monument—were to unUpon this concrete foundation he equipped lecture hall, baptismal font,

dergo a complete transformation at placed the first polished granite etc., with everything finished in

an approximate cost of $300,000. basestone, twelve feet square and early 19th century style, representAccordingly, during the years 1957 twenty inches thick, weighing eighting the period of the Prophet's birth.

to 1960, architects, landscapers, conAttractively at the front of the hall tractors, masons, carpenters, and and immediately before the wellplumbers worked persistently, giving designed fireplace rests the famous been reset here, having hearthstone,to this hilly ageold, disbirthplace happiness part chief The of human its place resting original from movedtrict, surprisingly a setting—new one's is society the derived of from This cottage. in old memorial the attractiveboth symmetrical, and friendfellows the formation of and is with historic stone today viewed visitors ofbidding thousands today ships. espeinterest thousands, intense byto apin admiration pause as they

proach this secluded "Mormon—John Milton cially LDS visitors.

Shrine,"hidden securely among the Above the mantle of the colonial many wooded hills and dales of fireplace are three lovely oil paintcentral Vermont. Since this sacred ings by Lee Green Richards—Lucy

spot for the Mormons is doing honor een tons. The center of this stone, Mack Smith, the Prophet's mother,

to their great modern Prophet—one five feet square, had been cut out is in the center; on her right is the

of the greatest that has ever lived to facilitate handling. This space picture of her son Joseph the Prophupon this earth—the Church comwas then filled with concrete, except et, and on her left is the picture of

mittee spared no means while one foot square into which he placed her son Hyrum.

beautifying the historic place, giv- a copper casket, containing books, Westward across the fiftyfoot reing to it a genuine artistic touch, records, portraits, coins, etc., as flection lake stands the rather stately,

bound to win the hearts of its many given in his report. ( Ibid., 2728. wellfurnished, firmly built, sixvisitors, coming by the thousands Over this first stone rests the roomed rock home of the director

annually, for the highways are to be second base, nine feet square and and his wife. Native Vermont

maintained the year around. two feet thick, weighing thirteen slatestone furnished the rock for both

tons. Upon this stone stands the attractive buildings which are covVIEWING THE BIRTHPLACE. inscription die, which is six feet ered with slate shingles, lending an

As the cover picture shows, in the square at the bottom, and two inches air of a mountain setting to the center background of the Prophet's less at the top, and is six feet two artistically planned buildings and birthplace, facing the southwest, inches high, weighing nineteen tons, rock walls that fit so nicely into the with "Mirror Lake"playing its part and is covered by a moulded cap landscape design. Southward of the

on its size and beauty, stands one seven feet four inches square by two pool, and upon a gentle hill, of the most admired granite shafts feet six inches thick, weighing ten planted in a half circle, are thirtyin the world. In fact, this great tons. Around this capstone in leteight blue spruce—one for each year

polished onepiece shaft is said to ters three inches high is the golden of the Prophet's life. This selected

be unequaled. While the author of quotation from James 1:5, which enclosure will provide a Joseph

this article was studying geology scripture sent Joseph Smith into the Smith memorial amphitheater, exat the University of Utah a few woods to pray on that spring morncellent for outdoor evening pictures, years ago, he and some other stuing in 1820. On the opposite or sound lectures, and other programs.

dents, with the aid of the head of northeast side in large, easyto-read The whole birthplace memorial, the department, made a study of letters is a brief history of the nestling secluded in the Green Hills granite monuments and polished Prophet and his accomplishments. of Vermont—an architectural dream

shafts, but the records failed to show The lines of the monument are come true—is visited yearly by thouor even to mention a granite shaft squared with the old township lines, sands of tourists, who come from

that could be compared to the reports Elder Wells, running north every state in the Union as well as

Joseph Smith Memorial. If there is 40 degrees 10 minutes east, which foreign countries, is a restful, resuch another shaft, all writers of line was parallel with the front of ligious paradise, bankedin by varied

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In all these ways Baldwin helps yon get the most from yonr chnrch organ Music worthy of worship is woven of many parts. A fine organ, certainly. But its

placement, installation and the skill with which it is played are also important.

Only Baldwin offers all these services, which do so much to help you provide the most beautiful music for your church.

PLANNING

Read our new free booklet, Practical Guide to Organ Installation. In nontechnical language, it tells how to plan ahead for

organ installations that will keep costs down and give you the best in musical quality.

INSTALLATION Consult your Baldwin dealer about getting the expert assistance of Baldwin factory technicians to assure the correct installation for your church. They will check your plans, materials, acoustics, placement of instrument, and if advisable, give you onthe-spot installation counsel.

ORGANIST SEMINARS Have those interested in the organ in your church attend a

Baldwin Church Organist Seminar. Baldwin experts give comprehensive instruction in playing the organ for the church

i: service. Beginners and experienced organists alike profit from

mm this intensified refresher course on the refinements and accepted interpretations in organ playing. Seminars are cosponsored by

Baldwin and the local Baldwin representative.

r NEW! BALDWIN CHIMESCARILLON GROUP

i iff1:fi: This new Baldwin accessory has four separate church percussion

sounds to add to the extensive tonal resources of the Baldwin

Organ. Harp, Celesta, Chimes and Carillon played from the

organ keyboard. Tower amplification is available.

THE BALDWIN PIANO CO., SECTION 72, 1801 GILBERT AVE., CINCINNATI 2, OHIO

free copy of your new booklet, NameSend me a BaldwinBUILT BY (Check information desired) Installation. to Guide Organ PIANOS ORGANS Practical Address-

I would like information on planning a church organ installation. Cily Baldwin and Orgasonic Organs

Baldwin, Acrosonic, Hamilton Tell me how I can attend a Baldwin Church Organ and Howard Pianos Seminar in my area. Zone. StaleSend complete information on the new Baldwin

ChimesCarillon Group. Name of ChurchMAY 1961 327

native trees and attractive shrubbery many points of vantage on the honored with such a beautiful Meof rare color and beauty. premises."(Ibid., p. 35.) morial Monument at his birthplace.

After one fascinated visitor had Already many LDS converts from Before Joseph Smith was fifteen spent some time viewing the Green surrounding districts are coming to years of age, in answer to his humHills of Vermont from the memorial the modern Bureau of Information ble prayer in the Palmyra woods, birthplace hills, he wrote that this to be baptized in the new tiled font state of New York, God the Eternal historic district was an "isolated, at the birthplace of their beloved Father and his Son Jesus Christ quiet, lovely sylvan spot, surProphet—the restorer of God's kingvisited him and explained many unrounded by some of the most dom in these the last davs. usual things regarding the magnicharming scenery of the Green Only a few lines can be added tude of his callings.

Mountains, of which varied and exhere, giving evidence of the greatBeporting to the world this grand, tensive views are obtained from ness of this Mormon leader who is unprecedented visitation, Joseph

Smith has left us his solemn testimony: "I was enwrapped in a heavenly vision, and saw two glorious

personages, who exactly resembled each other in features and likeness,

at the eclipsed sun noon which.. The challenge of aging surrounded with a brilliant light all reday. told that They me

ligious denominations were believing in incorrect doctrines and none

RICHARD L. EVANS of them was acknowledged of

God as His Church and Kingdom:

Last week we cited some lines from Longfellow and I was expressly commanded 'to on the years of youth and the swift turning to the go not after them,'at the same time

THE later years of life. Today we should like further to receiving a promise that the fidness

at should future Gospel some of the this subject as to attitudes SPOKEN pursue some opporand WORD... unto be me. known made tunities of age, lines further with the from same time

things did"these mesMany other sources: other orator, and poet, or "Whatever of sage May say

I "say sengers canunto me, which it, old still old age is age. It is the not waning, crescent the moon;

The dusk of evening, not the blaze of noon: It is not strength, not write at this time."(Hist.

but weakness; not desire, But its surcease; not the fierce heat of Church, Vol. IV, p. 536; P. of G.P.

fire, The burning and consuming element, But that of ashes and pp. 4748.

of embers spent, In which some living sparks we still discern, Continuing his report of this unEnough to warm, but not enough to burn. What then? Shall we usual manifestation, Joseph Smith

sit idly down and say The night hath come; it is no longer day? declared: "When the light rested

The night hath not yet come; we are not quite Cut off from labor upon me I saw two Personages,

by the failing light; Something remains for us to do or dare; Even whose brightness and glory defy all

the oldest tree some fruit may bear;... For age is opportunity description, standing above me in

no less Than youth itself, though in another dress."1 The growing the air. One of them spake unto

ever older is the only way of living life, and the possibilities of me, calling me by name, and said, age are impellingly important. "... the arms best adapted to old pointing to the other—'This is My

age are culture and the active exercise of virtues."- "... so far from Beloved Son. Hear Him!'... I asked

being listless and sluggish, old age... [should be] even a busy the Personages who stood above me

time, always doing and attempting something."2 "With active in the light, which of all the sects

exercise... and temperance...."- The fact is, each part of life has was right—and which I should join.

its own advantages and disadvantages. Each has its qualities and "I was answered that I must join

conditions to be met and to be adjusted to, and in the lengthening none of them, for they were all.."They "again forbade years of life one should keep active, useful, and always in pursuit wrong..

of some impelling interest, some good purpose, something that me to join any of them."(Idem.)

serves the present and looks to the future without fear of passing This modern Prophet declares that days or of lengthening shadows, but with gratitude for what has before he reached his eighteenth been, for what is yet to be, and for the blessed assurance God has birthday that a holy angel clothed given that truth and intelligence and life and loved ones and in glorious robes visited him five purpose and personality are everlasting. And "... for... one times within twentyfour hours and

[who] is so old as to think that he may not live a year... [let showed him in vision the exact spot

him plant] his trees to serve a race to come,..."2 And again the where this messenger had hidden

lines from Longfellow: "And as the evening twilight fades away sacred, valuable records—records

The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day."1 containing "the fulness of the everlasting Gospel... as delivered by

'Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Morituri Salutamus. the Savior to the ancient inhabitants"

2Cicero, On Old Age. of America. (Ibid., 5051.) Among

other remarkable predictions, the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 19, 1961. Copyright 1961. (Continued on page 330)

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HERE IS THE NEW

RECORD CLUBS

SPECIAL OFFER (COVENANT RECORD SERIES) 1. Join the LDS Record Club now! Your $1.00

membership fee brings your free gift—"A VOICE

FROM THE DUST."A single 33 speed gold vinyl

record containing selected excerpts from the magnificent GOLD PLATE EDITION of THE BOOK

OF MORMON. This wonderful album remains

the only complete and unabridged production of the recorded Book of Mormon.

2. As a member of the LDS RECORD CLUB you

will receive valuable discount coupons with each purchase that bring outstanding savings on your next purchases.

80eA An 80c coupon is given with

THE JOSEPH SMITH STORY in the FEATURE

DIVISION. This remarkable dramatization will

leave you breathless in wonder at the power and

Covenant Records Presents Pflj/X'RTi influence of this humble servant of God.

) THE $400 A $4.00 coupon is given with SEPH each of the albums in the STANDARD WORKS

DIVISION. The complete standard works of the MITH Church are offered. One of the choicest of these STORY is the PEARL OF GREAT PRICE. Never before has

the power and worth of this small but important mmO OnjHE lift AND TIMES Of THE MORMON PROPHET scripture been so convincingly revealed by a \ A Ce torn* Unvrr** reader's voice. The same thrilling voice brings to

life each of these recorded Latterday Scriptures.

The deluxe album of the New Testament, a 35 record word for word SEND FOR reading of the King James Version of i\LL selections, together with this Holy Book (Value $34.95).

your LDS Record Club Membership, You will receive coupons totalling and you will receive our SPECIAL $8.80 for your purchases as a memBONUS GIFTf THE CAPITOL 4-SPEED ber of the LDS RECORD CLUB, together

RECORD PLAYER (Value $22.95) or with your gift selection.

YOUR CHECK FOR $86.83 BRINGS YOU $131.58 IN VALUE.

Guaranteed lifetime replacement service on all 33V3 rpm standard works records

SEND THIS COUPON TODAY!

Columbia Research Group, 3600 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

Send me all three selections and my LDS Record Club Membership. I have enclosed

my check for $86.43. I want the fj New Testament Phonograph.

Send me the Book of Mormon and my LDS Record Club Membership. I have enclosed

my check for $70.90.

Send me the Pearl of Great Price and my LDS Record Club Membership. I have enclosed my check for $12.95.

$Bonus gift ] Send me the Joseph Smith Story and my LDS Record Club Membership. I have enoffer good closed my check for $4.98. only during

month of I understand that I will receive "A Voice From the Dust"free with my membership

May. certificate.

Utah Residents add 2Vi% for Sales Tax.

(Continued from page 328) neighbors imagined for a moment The Flower of Salt Lake angel told Joseph plainly that his that this special "Christmasgift- (Continued from page 324) name would be had "for good and son"had been preordained to set in evil among all nations, kindreds, motion that prophetic "small stone"A chain survey party headed by and tongues...."(Idem.) seen by the holy prophets—"a stone Lt. Gunnison, which was to follow

allake, line of the shore had the without of the mountain cut out "TO FILL THE WHOLE bar the sand crossed huge ready to "roll forth and destined "rehands"this modern WhenEARTH."

storer of God's kingdom"first made fill the whole earth... breaking which connected the shore of Antehis appearance upon this earth as a into pieces"every nation and kinglope Island with the mainland and

lightcomplexioned, blueeyed boy, dom ruled by the dominating, subhad established a base camp along cuddled by his grandmother Lydia jective power of the "Prince of the eastern shore to which supplies

Gates Mack, neither she nor his Darkness."(Daniel 2:3444; 7:9-10; could be brought from the city and

parents nor any of those anxious D&C 65:2.) be within easy reach of the boat

party.

Stansburv had found that the whole western shore of the lake an immense by bounded mud was small, traversed Some attitudes and opportunities plain, meanderby

water, most of which sank before of age ing streams of salt and sulphurous reaching the lake, and as a result

RICHARD L. EVANS it made the whole area miry and

treacherous. Minute crystals of salt

We touched last week on some attitudes and opporcovered the surface, glistening briltunities of age. Today we should like to pursue liantly in the sunlight, and these

THE the subject from another point of approach: Among plains took on the appearance of the SPOKEN the most wasteful of all the wastes of the world is lake itself. The high rocky ridges, WORD

the waste of time, of thought, of human effort and rising out of the plain appeared like energy, of talents and creative gifts and productive powers. The great islands. On the slopes of

world needs more of most good things than all men can make, the islands and the surrounding both of substance and of services. Its real needs are never really mountains were plainly etched the

satisfied. Not all the children are ever taught. Not all the sick terraced shore lines of the ancient

are ever cared for. Not all the unfortunate and needy are ever Lake Bonneville.

included in adequate opportunities. Not all those in confusion Heading the Sally north from

or in sorrow are ever fully counseled and comforted. Furthermore, Antelope Island, the company sailed

there is always room for more of everything uplifting—great literafor "Castle Island,"named by Freture, art, music, beauty of the living, creative, wholesome kind. mont, "Disappointment Island,"beAnd for anyone arbitrarily to cut off his period of productivity cause he had failed to find on it the

is a waste, a loss, that cannot be calculated, but for which somewooded slopes he had hoped for.

how, somewhere there must surely be an accounting. Indeed He Stansbury deemed it more fitting to

who gave us life has not, that we know of, established any point name the island "Fremont."By this

at which we should cease well to use our time and talents. Now name it is more widely known. Upon

with this as a preface, may we cite some lines from several sources: the side of a large mass of schistose

George Bernard Shaw said: "I want to be thoroughly used before rock, with three large holes worn

I die, and I want to die gloriously solvent, intellectually, morally, entirely through it by disintegration, and financially."1 "... Initiative and effort must be made... to they found a mysterious cross cut

maintain... health."2 "... Let each man proportion his efforts into the stone supposedly by Fre-

3 as but live,"we now know, it was not mont said his I yet Addison, to "Whilst powers.""let me

Carson. Kit life,"done by Ruskin. in vain."1 live "There is no wealth but 5 said John

And since this is so, it would not be well to waste it at any age. But Triangular stations were erected

men need to know that they are needed—that they have some upon the highest points of all the

responsibility, that someone is counting on them, that there is islands in the lake. Poles were

something essential or significant that demands their getting up found among the driftwood on the and getting going—that demands their exerting themselves, that shore and carried up the steep

demands the meaningful use of time and effort and energy. Any slopes. These were wrapped with

or all of us would likely let down without some challenging activity, white cloth to be more plainly without some significant assignment, and always we ought somevisible from a distance. Around the

how to be able to organize ourselves to use our Godgiven powers—north end of the lake, some of these

at whatever age. "Life is not a goblet to be drained; it is a stations were built of stone because

measure to be filled.""of the strong winds and are visible

today. One of the chief problems

1George Bernard Shaw, source unknown.

2Edward J. Stieglitz, The Personal Challenge of Aging. for the company was finding good

3Cicero, Age. Old On iv, sc. 4. water, and trips of fifty miles were Cato, 4Addison, Act

Valorem. a 5John Ruskin, Ad to in the Sally sometimes made

"Hadley. of side the west along Spoken Word,""The from Temple Square presented over KSL and the spring

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 26, 1961. Copyright 1961. (Continued on page 332)

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PUT YOURSELF IN THIS PICTURE

c a This could be you—enjoying yourself in complete comfort

in the Dome Lounge car of one of Union Pacific's modern

Domeliner trains.

It's a popular spot with travelers, and little wonder! There's

new scenery at each turn of the road. And "downstairs,"the

offers refreshments, magazines, music or just, '* Dome Lounge relaxation.

For your added pleasure, there's fine food; comfortable

<? accommodations, both Coach and Pullman; family fares to

save you money. Let us tell you more.

Why not take that vacation trip now, to avoid the crowds of is* the heavy travel season? If you can't travel now, plan now

and make reservations with us for your summer vacation.

For reservations, see your nearest

Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent. PACIFIC UNION

Dependable Transportation—Passenger and Freight

MAY 1961 831 (Continued from page 330) the sky, likened by Stansbury to an the party that followed the shoreline old ruined abbey. and the men in the boat would try

Promontory where a bay indented North of these springs the lake to camp together on land. This

the shoreline, allowing the large formed an immense bay, with the was not difficult where the water boat to approach close to the land. land bounded by low hills, over was deep close to shore, but on the

A stone pier was also built here which could be seen, far to the shallow parts of the lake, the large where the boat could dock without northwest, a range of snowcapped boat had to be anchored off shoredanger while the casks were unmountains, while nothing but sometimes two or three miles—and

loaded and filled. From the bay, treacherous mud flats bordered the the supplies had to be loaded into the

the mountains formed a superb rest of the shoreline. small skiff, including water, food,

semicircular sweep, while in the It was here that the Sally balked. and buffalo robes, for it was still

center of this arc a grotesque mass Not that it was her fault as much as early in May and cold at nights.

of rock reared its outline against that of the weather. Each night They would row the skiff until she

struck the bottom, then the men

JUNE CONFERENCE wouldpush theget smallout intoboattheas waternear andthe

MIA workers from throughout the Church will gather in Salt shorethey wereas possible.annoyed asAttheythesewenttimesby

Lake City during the second week of June for their annual June great swarms of gnats, which beconference. came an intolerable nuisance. The

General inspirational meetings and workshops in each departpushers would finally reach a dry ment have been planned, designed to train better youth leadership shore line where scattered sageand to implement the MIA program. brusha fire. affordedThen inthemthe themorningsolace theof

Special features of the conference this year will be the production process had to be reversed. Leaving

of Promised Valley, presentation of the spectacular dance festival, the large boat anchored in the shaland the annual Master MManGolden Gleaner dinner and dance. low water at night, they were astonTheme of the traditional dance festival this year is "Especially ished at times upon waking in the

high and to find the boat morning for You."More than 5,000 girls will participate in the popular allnight, for the during dry on land,

girls'dance. The festival will be on Friday and Saturday nights, the wind had blown a gale from the

June 9 and 10, beginning at 8:30 p.m. Admission is free, and there north, driving the shallow water far

will be no tickets. southward before it. There was

The popular centennial musical Promised Valley is a special nothing to do but wait around until a wind sprang up from the south, festival feature. There will be seven performances: five evening returning the water to the mud flats.

shows and two matinees. Tickets are now available. Completing the survey at the

The traditional reunion of Master MMenGolden Gleaners is north end of the lake, after visiting scheduled for Thursday, June 8, at the Terrace Ballroom, and all Gunnison's Island and Strong's turned souththe Knob, company Master MMen and Golden Gleaners are invited to participate. There Carrington's and surveyed and ward

will be dinner and dancing highlighted by a program featuring the Stansbury's islands and took soundawarding of a special Honorary Master MMan and a Golden ings of the depth of the lake as they

Gleaner award. proceeded. Even then, with the

Return the following... lake much higher than it is now,

Stansbury's Island was connected

I am enclosing $ Please send me the following tickets: with the mainland and, in fact, was

For the Master MManGolden Gleaner DinnerDance (No. of more a peninsula than an island.

Tickets) at $2,85 each. The survey of the lake was com1850, 27th of June, pleted on the

to additional time it took some For "Promised Valley"(No. of Tickets) at $1.00 for Adults. ii but

at 50c for Children under 12. complete the land survey. Captain

Evening Performances Matinees 5 p.m. Stansbury remained in the valley

until late in August and celebrated

Tuesday, June 6 Friday, June 9 the 24th of July with the Saints. His

No. of Tickets No. of Tickets journal tells of the generous hospiWednesday, June 7 Saturday, June 10 tality extended to all his party. The

No. of Tickets.No. of Tickets Sally was disposed of with his other

Thursday, June 8 property to the settlers, and the skiff probably pounded famous was

No. of Tickets

to pieces waves the heavy salt by

Friday, June 9 of the old lake, but the Flower of

No. of Tickets Salt Lake played her part in the

Saturday, June 10 history of Utah. The fascinating lake

No. of Tickets is just beginning to tell its entrancing story!

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You learn fast with the Grolier MINMAX teaching machine!

Right in your own home, you and every correct answer. If you are right, you host of other worldfamous educamember of your family can learn any move ahead. If you are wrong, you tional publications attest to that

one of a wide range of subjects know instantly just where and why. leadership. Once again, Grolier takes

lead exciting offering the easily.quickly by the most learn and You can learn the With you from MINMAX in statistics, in learning developed science,algebra, concept new Spanish

of first instant accomand you use—century. the past even difficult—languages such

in as plish otherwise hours would whatRussian and Hebrew. take weeks or months. What you should do now

You must learn Why it works so well coupon.Simply fillWithoutout andcostmailortheobligationattached

As you apply yourself to these proThe teaching machine takes advanyou will receive all the details of this grams, as you follow the stepby-step tage of three widely known facts advanced scientific method of learnquestions, you will find that you canabout learning. First, any student ing. It can lead to new worlds of

not fail... you will learn. And best learns best when he learns at his own knowledge that will enrich the life of

of all, you remember what you learn. rate of speed. Second, he learns best every member of your family.

is immediately he made aware when

How it works answers. Third, right every I THE GROLIER SOCIETY INC. T I E 5-61 1i of his

575 Avenue Lexington records, tape, uses no noMINMAX learns and learns student more Y. 22, N. York New

film. It is to as as easyno use in his confidence cost as he gains turning faster Without any or obligation on my part, j

please information complete on of a book. subjectthe pages Each is accomplishments. plan. educational the new j sendMINMAXme of of selfsettaught a by means

children family, ages are There in my f Why you can be sure calledteaching a pages program.

jEach page of every program has In back of the MINMAX and all its NAME been exhaustively researched and scientific selftutoring programs ADDRESStested. You learn in small steps. You stands Grolier Inc., for more than 50 CITY -ZONEwrite your answer to a question, years a leader in educational progSTATE.

then move the page up to reveal the ress. The Book of Knowledge and a

1961 Grolier, Inc.

may 1961 333 Editor s Page but life is made up of just such Church Moves On experiences.

(Continued from page 295) I congratulate the bearers of the ( Continued from page 292

Aaronic Priesthood today for their great achievements. Elder Alma P. Burton sustained

I mention those reminiscently, to God bless you, young men, that as president of Sharon (Utah) Stake tell you that the years soon pass beyou may be true to the ordination with counselors, Elders Newell B.

tween boyhood and manhood, and which is yours forever as long as Weight and DeLance W. Squire.

old age. It does not seem long ago, you are true to it. They succeed President Philo T.

Edwards and his counselors, Elders

G. Milton Jameson and Glenn C.

Shaw.

Lengthening the productive ThenouncedFirstthe Presidencyappointment anof

Elder J. Phillip Hanks as

period... presidentsucceeding of Presidentthe SamoanCharlesMission,I.

Sampson. A native of Tetonia, Idaho,

he served a mission to Samoa. He

RICHARD L. EVANS has been teaching music at the

Church College of Western Samoa since 1958. Mrs. Hanks and their

When we talk of attitudes and opportunities of age, two children will serve with him on we are talking also to youth—for the years move this mission. Missionary work in

THE swiftly from the younger to the later years of life Samoa was started when Hawaiian ". said: it is, as Cicero SPOKEN and conduct the honorable elders left their homes for Samoa in WORD

is... that of [youth] rewarded.. 1862. by possessing December

influence at the last."1... "If one has lived... well... the

harvest... is wonderful."1 And now to look a moment at the Elder Karl Anthony Snow

brief span that could be called the productive period. A lot of sustained as president of

life is used in getting started, and in the complexities of modern Shreveport (Louisiana) Stake, living it doesn't seem probable that the period of preparation succeeding President J. Milton

would soon be shortened. Indeed, we may look to its lengthening. Belisle, deceased. Elders F. Howard

Since this is so, there comes a question as to whether or why we Turner and Harry G. Nimtz, who

should shorten the period of productivity? When it takes so long served as counselors to President

to get started, should we discourage people from using their gifts Belisle, were sustained as counselors and powers as long as possible? We could cite many examples to President Snow.

of men who have lived long and have produced remarkably in the lengthening years of life; and since there are so many, we The 325th stake now funcwould suppose that there could be many, many more, and that tioning in the Church was

partly it is a matter of attitude and opportunity. "Use what you organized under the direction

have,"said Cicero, "and whatever you may chance to be doing, of Elder Hugh B. Brown of the

do it with all your might...."x "[with your] mind at full stretch Council of the Twelve and Elder

like a bow, and never [give] in to... age by growing slack... "* Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the

"For myself, I had rather be an old man a somewhat shorter time Council of the -Twelve. Leicester

than an old man before my time."1 Contrast this with what Hugo (England) Stake has a membership

Grotius, in his last words, unhappily said of himself: "I have spent of 2,133 in six wards and two

life Carlyle, "Life,"said nothing."Alfred laboriously Cuth- "is not branches. Elder Derek doing my

. this,. "3 All as stake of living. president us in summary, given sake for the mere bert was sustained

seems essentially to suggest: that there is urgent need for all the with Elders Kenneth John Poole and

good things that all of us can do—for skills, for judgment, for Clarence Wright Woodward as

experience, for education, for intelligent and mature attention to counselors. Wards are Derby,

so much in so many places—worldwide—and that all of us are Birmingham, Coventry, Eastwood,

better off earnestly occupied. And the cut from activity to inLeicester, and Nottingham. Branches

activity need not, perhaps, be so sharp, if men pursue their full are in Loughborough and Wolverpowers to the best of their ability while yet they live in this life, hampton. Leicestershire was organand then move on to the great and limitless assurances and possiized as a conference of the British

bilities of everlasting life. In the meaningful words of an eminent Mission as early as April 8, 1844.

American: "Help us, O Lord, truly to live!"4 Elder Henry V. Jenkins, formerly

first counselor, succeeds President 'Cicero, Age. Old On Stake. of Florida Alvin C. Chace

Grotius, Last Words. L'Hugo

are to President Counselors Jenkins Characteristics. 3Carlyle,

*David O. McKay. Elder Acel J. Beasley, Jr., who served

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the as a counselor to President Chace,

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 5, 1961. Copyright 1961. and Elder Clayton J. Perry.

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Halfton truck and a sixton load

Obviously, a halfton truck is not made to Four tons of waste and two tons of ore procarry a sixton load. But it does take a sixton vide the answer to the question: why do 30

load of rock to produce the 30 pounds of coppounds of copper represent a sixton load?

per needed for this vehicle's brake and fuel And the answer emphasizes a key factor in lines, cooling system, wiring and cables. Kennecott's Utah operations. Because the

Why do 30 pounds of copper represent a copper industry handles larger amounts of sixton load? The answer can be found at material per pound of finished product than

Kennecott's Bingham Canyon Mine. The ore any other basic industry, success depends on

in this huge pit contains an average of only 16 keeping efficiency high and costs low.

pounds of copper to the ton. So, two tons of By exploring every possible means of achievore yield just about enough copper, to meet ing these twin goals, Kennecott is helping to

the truck's needs. But first, four tons of waste perpetuate the broad economic benefits of

rock must be removed to uncover the two copper production that mean so much to the tons of ore. economy of our entire state.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

PROUD TO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

MAY 1961 335 Elder Dehlin A. Erickson sus- A seventyfoot section of the president of the West German Mistained as president of Nyssa (Orehistoric Beehive House wall sion, succeeding President T. Quengon) Stake, succeeding President was moved about five feet on tin Cannon. President Cannon will

Arvel L. Child. President Erickson's its twentythree foot move to the continue to serve the Church by

counselors are Elders Ross E. Butler west to accommodate widening of handling legal matters for the

and Lorin E. Munn. Released with State Street. Using four hydraulic Church in the European Mission.

President Child were his counselors, cylinders, construction workers His headquarters will be in FrankElders Leland N. Montgomery and shifted the 110ton section toward furt, Germany. President Hunt, at

J. Blaine Holladay. the house so slowly it was almost the time of this appointment, is

Elder H. Thomas Newman susimpossible to see the wall moving. serving as bishop of the University

tained as second counselor to PresiWard in Salt Lake City. He was

dent Ross C. Lee of Gooding The First Presidency anpreviously a member of the high

(Idaho) Stake, succeeding Elder nounced the appointment of council, president of his seventy's

Ray H. Dixon. Elder Royal K. Hunt as quorum, and senior Aaronic Priesthood adviser. He filled a mission

in West Germany. His wife and

their two children will accompany him to his field of labor.

Mrs. Minnie Burton, Mrs.

Catherine Mrs. Tovey, and The courage to start and Helen Alldredge, Mrs. Thelma to appointed been have Edwards

the general board of the Primary to stop Association.

Holland Stake, the first stake

RICHARD L. EVANS nentto be oforganizedEurope onandthethecontifirst

stake to be organized among memmother enjoy a nonEnglish who briefly should like of to talk today kinds bers two We is of tongue, the 326th stake which that [ in all shifting of courage are required the

THE scenes, in all the trial and error, in all the learning the Church now functioning, was orSPOKEN and living of life—and they are these: the courage ganized under the direction of Elder

of the Council of WORD to start—and the courage to stop. Thoreau said: Hugh B. Brown

"I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable the Twelve and Elders Alvin R. Dyer

ability of man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor."1 That and Nathan Eldon Tanner, Assistants

conscious endeavor may be in the nature of starting in a new to the Council of the Twelve, Elder direction, or in changing an old direction—or it may be in the Johan Paul Jongkees was sustained

nature simply of stopping something that never should have been as stake president with Elders started. It is comforting to know that we can alter and elevate Bernard Lafrandt and Gerard

life by courageous conscious endeavor. This implies a certain Stoove as his counselors. Wards are

degree of flexibility, along with some irreplaceable principles. Rotterdam North, Rotterdam South,

East, West, Amsterdam all motions; misAmsterdam through waste go some some all make we We is a branch There and The Hague. all takes; set out on pursue and some some detours wrong we

roads; and the dogged presumption—and sometimes perhaps more at Delft. Missionary work was first

foolish pride than presumption—that once having started wrong begun in the Netherlands in 1861,

we have to follow through is one of the reasons why people although an occasional traveling sometimes find themselves in deep and dangerous ruts. All the elder from the British Isles had vischoices of life, all the habits of life, all the ruts, should be looked ited there before.

at forthrightly, searchingly, sincerely. Progress is a process of Elder Jack R. Prince, formerly

developing and doing, sometimes continuing, sometimes changing—first counselor in the Kearns North

of pressing forward when we should, of repenting when we should, (Utah) Stake presidency, succeeds but not of feeling obliged to continue to do what is wrong, and President Volma W. Heaton. Euas Pearson, who serves W. is right. of hesitating to attempt the gene should not have what We to President Heatcounselor second things, to things, to continue continue courage to start good good

Elder William G. Woolley and fast learn, also that to is good."2 to "hold should which have on, We

to as counselors sustained were leave to to stop, shouldn't a habit the courage have, behind we no matter how tightly it has its hold. In short, we need the courPresident Prince.

age to start what we should do and courage to stop what we shouldn't do. The second major part of the

Beehive House wall has been 3Henry David Thoreau. moved twentythree feet west

H Thessalonians, 5:21. of its original site. About 60 feet

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and die of the 150foot wall thus joined anColumbia Broadcasting System, March 12, 1961. Copyright 1961. other 70 feet, moved several days

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,Ladies here's a special invitation..

Let Phillips 66 make your driving more pleasurable.

Stop at your Phillips 66 Dealer's. There you'll find

so much that will please you: Courteous service...

cleanliness... helpful advice about the needs of your

car. And fine products to help you enjoy troublefree motoring. Accept our invitation. Drive in at

any station with the Phillips 66 Shield.

Sixty-S/X'

ftcs /mJ K

j8&.<>?* $$&&&&&'J mmfmwmwwvMn mm:.

f'$K&y:;':;:/ r;:;>:W$xS$g

>*.*:*'

IropArtic Wl SEASON MOTOR OH

TropArtic* is the AllSeason Motor

Oil that has earned the Good Housekeeping Guaranty Seai. It helps your

car run SMOOTHER... quieter...

with lower fuel costs... fewer

repairs. Get TropArtic Motor Oil at

any Phillips 66 Station. *A Trademark

before by the "slide"method. Today's operation presented a more

dramatic scene to passersby as two large cranes slipped and slid in the spring mud while picking up the multiton sections and placing them in their new location.

This day marks the 119th anniversary of the founding of the Relief Society at Nauvoo, Illinois, by the Prophet Joseph

Smith. Appropriate commemorative

programs have been held this week throughout the Church by the organization.

Centerville Third Ward won the allChurch Junior Basketball Tournament which began March 13th in

Salt Lake City. They defeated

Rexburg Third by a 6960 score.

Kenwood placed third by winning a 7252 game over Center Ward, which placed fifth. St. George Fourth won

fourth and consolation position by winning their game over Caldwell

A relaxing, refreshing seagoing vacation included in your Second, 5451. All the finalists were

Cunard trip to Europe... enriched by spacious, comfortaUtah teams except Rexburg and Caldwell, which came from Idaho.

ble accommodations, wonderful international cuisine and flawless service, a multitude of interesting activities and The Caldwell team won the sportsfriendly companions aboard ship! manship award. Those selected on

the allstar team were Richard Hunt,

Centerville Third; Victor Versluis,

GO CUNARD FOR WIDEST CHOICE OF SHIPS, SAILINGS, Centerville Third; Ted Burner,

Caldwell; Ross Hurst, St. George

and RATES TO EUROPE Fourth; Garth Milne, St. George

Fourth; Ace Emery, Kenwood; Robin

Throughout the year, Cunard offers an av- E Lawson, Center Ward; Tom Fujierage of three sailings a week to Europe.. moto, Rexburg Third; Lewis Jenkins,

Rexburg Third; and Devon Meachincluding weekly fiveday crossings by the am, Fairmont Ward. Neldon Hatch

superliners Queen Elizabeth and Queen of Cardston ( Alberta ) First Ward reMary. You can enjoy extra savings from forceivedwritingan Improvementthe prizewinningEra awardessay

lower rates and a 10% reduction on roundon the subject "What the Church trip tickets if you select sailings in the Athletic Program Means to Me."

Thrift Season.

The First Presidency anCRUISE CUNARD to the CARIDDEAN, THE MEDITERRANEAN, nouncedElder Johnthe B.appointmentHawkes, secof

THE NOfiTH CAPE, THE SOUTH PACIFIC AND FAR EAST! Temple,ond counseloras presidentin the of Saltthe LakeNew

Cruises in every season, ranging from 1290 days in length, Zealand Temple. President Hawkes

succeeds President E. Albert Rosenwith rates to fit your taste and budget! vall.

Getting there is half the fun!

SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT... GO

Do not worry about not holding high position; worry rather about

playing your proper role. Worry not

that no one knows of you; Seek to CUNARDCUNARDLINE, 25 Broadway, N. Y. 4 BO 9-5300 be worth knowing.—Confucius

210 Post Street, San Francisco. EX 2-1307

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE ALONG CARRYPAK - by PERMA PAK FOOD PREPARED JUST FOR FUN FOR ADVENTURE... AND EASY CARRY

'<aBLL**s CONVENIENCE!

HIKING - CAMPING - BOATING - SUMMER HOMES -CARRY PAKS FOR TRAILERS - PICNICS - HUNTING AND FISHING

LOW MOISTURE, and CONCENTRATED FOODS in fourserving packages... Choose from a complete list of

delicious dishes. Each is a complete dish, even to seasoning. Lightweight, small, compact packages of food A -?/UA

... Easy to prepare... just add water and follow the

directions for four generous mansize servings.

JCAZ*

NOTICE TO SCOUT AND

EXPLORER LEADERS...

SENSATIONAL NEW CHOWBELT! CARRYPAKS are perfect for all your camping

Comfortable "pocketed"belt contains a Complete activities.... Choose your favorite meals from

threeday food ration for one man. Belt a complete list of lowmoisture or concentrated

... Visit or write PERMAPAK and disand food weigh less than two pounds. All S095 foods.

food is precooked and can be eaten withcover these new lowcost convenience foods.out cooking... just add water. 2... Be sure to ask about the new 8-day surFood refills are available. vival kit.

PERMAPAK HAS A FOOD PermaPak's FoodSTORAGE PLAN DESIGNED

FOR YOUR FAMILY NEEDS! Storage Feature

You can begin a monthly program to complete your

FOOD STORAGE NEEDS. PermaPak has worked of the Month

out all the complicated family diet details and cost.

l-GAL. VEGETABLE STEW BLEND.Use LOWMOISTURE FOODS for smallspace storage 1-GAL. CABBAGE FLAKES.

at a cost of less than $100 for a year's supply for l-GAL. DICED CARROTS.

one person. Store by the month or use your tax Shipping weight 1 1 lbs.

refund, savings, or your own credit arrangements to buy a year's supply of food now for each member of your family. BUY THE PERMAPAK STORAGEPLAN FOR $7.00 to $8.85 per month. No. 3 $795

{Prices do not include tax, postage and/or freight)

Visit our retail store 3106 South Main, - Salt Lake City, Utah PERMAFood Storage SpecialistsPAK Phone IN 7-9479

MAY 1961 339 Teaching the New Testament

(Continued from page 317) in the Book of Mormon. When we

study any part of the New Testament upon which our other scriptures can throw light, we should be familiar with those contributions.

We sometimes ask, "What should we get out of the New Testament?

What do we want our students to know when they complete the course?"To me, there are two facts

which are more important than any other facts I have learned in my life. They have had more effect

upon me than any others. The first

one is that I will live again. The

New Testament teaches me this. I

will live again. Jesus was killed

on the cross, buried in the tomb, and he arose and others arose from the grave. "And I, if I be lifted up from

the earth, will draw all men unto me,"he said. (John 12:32.) This is

a great fact that our students should learn from the New Testament.

They will live again. Knowing that

they are eternal and are going to live again, they can then be encouraged to fashion their lives so they can live with themselves for their eternity, meet so they can with at keep company we"Tell me thy Who do to unface face Savior and Lord College Business LDS company and I ashamed.

will tell thee what 1. The Scriptures in our LDS Institute of Religion. learnedAnotheris thatgreatChristfact atonedthat 1forhavemy

if I will but repent and seek thou art."2. Students eager to learn and upgrade themselves. sins

the world that and information—Don Quixote 3.4. TeachersUpto-theminutewith highofficesocialmachinesand scholasticand techniques.standards. him. I declare that this is essential is world badly. The needs it very

groaning because it has no purpose in life and no realization that we are eternal. "... though your sins

be as scarlet, they shall be as white Business CoCCcgc as snow;"says Isaiah (Isaiah 1:18), LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765 but we must believe and repent of

our sins and come unto Christ. This

is what we want our young people to learn, and if they learn those two facts well, they will have earned an "A"in the course. They will

have earned an "A"in life. This

is far more important than being Utah's Oldest andauddiaueFinest Finishing and Modeling School in the the books able to name all DEDICATED corto spell or them New Testament natural beauty and a sparkling to the principle that personality are every woman's birthright. rectly or to name all the characters

journeys the a to trace on or map the radiate wofrom naturally which poise charm and The labors. his missionary of and Paul learning: yours be herself by can in confidence has who man greatest of the that I think one Fashion, Hairstyling, Contouring, MakeUp, Figure Posture, Walk,

Social Arts, Conversational Culture, Voice Planning, in Wardrobe people have that our errors made are These Development. Personality Living, Gracious Graces, BEVERLY CAMPBELL has to the Testament the teaching to you. present things New CLASSIQUE

I have Special Summer Sessions now registering—for information call or write do with the Beatitudes.

Salt Lake City Provo Ogden Aimes, Iowa Farmington, N. M. never been able to understand why

731 DAE. S.8-8704Temple 275FR E.3-721Center 533EX 2-2988E. 26th 214CE0'Neil20938Dr. 1117DANo.5-3857Auburn

—You can place your confidence and your daughter with Cfassique

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty, '

healthful, hospitable.

,,,,.-- Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K IHSTAMT /

artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. PpSTOW

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine.product of General Foods

MAY 1961 341 we should let the world lead us that if we keep his commandments are baptized with water, behold, I astray regarding the interpretation we shall be rich in spirit, and he who will baptize you with fire and with of the Beatitudes. is rich in spirit is rich indeed. the Holy Ghost; therefore blessed

The fifth chapter of Matthew conWhen we find a passage that are ye if [you know, that little word tains the beginning of the Sermon seems to be contrary to all reason, makes a lot of difference—blessed

on the Mount: "And seeing the we should search to see whether it are ye if] ye shall believe in me and

multitudes, he went up into a is recorded or explained elsewhere. be baptized, after you have seen me

mount: and when he was set, his Fortunately in this case, in the 12th and know that I am.

disciples came unto him: chapter of 3 Nephi in the Book of "And again, more blessed are they

"And he opened up his mouth, Mormon we find that Jesus, in speakwho shall believe in your words beand taught them, saying, ing to the Nephites on the American cause ye shall testify that ye have "Blessed are the poor in spirit: continent, touched on exactly this seen me, and know that I am. Yea,

for theirs is the kingdom of heaven."same subject. What he said throws blessed are they who shall believe

I was interested recently in readnew light on that first beatitude, in your words,"(condition number ing a sermon on this subject by a "Blessed are the poor in spirit: for one) "and come down into the

great and able preacher. He spent theirs is the kingdom of heaven."depths of humility and be bapthe first half of his sermon redefinThe chapter begins, "And it came tized,..."( condition number two )

ing "poor in spirit"to mean the to pass that when Jesus had spoken What are the blessings they will humble, the penitent. The rest of these words unto Nephi, and to those receive? The Savior is specific. He

his sermon was on humility. I am who had been called, ( now the numsaid "... for they shall be visited

sure that some of the people who ber of them who had been called, with fire and with the Holy Ghost"heard him went home better than and received power and authority to (blessing number one), "and shall when they came into the building. baptize, was twelve) and behold, he receive a remission of their sins"

But was he right? stretched forth his hand unto the (blessing number two).

What does "poor"mean? When multitude, and cried unto them, say- "Yea, blessed are the poor in

I say "poor in purse,"you know the ing: Blessed are ye if ye shall give spirit"(who do what?) "who come

conditions of my purse. "Poor in heed unto the words of these twelve unto me, for theirs is the kingdom

purse"means a flat purse, an empty whom I have chosen from among of heaven."(3 Nephi 12:1-3.) Even

one, and "poor in spirit"means you to minister unto you, and to be a downand-outer, a person who is empty of spirit. This is quite conyour servants; and unto them I have discouraged, who has lost his spirit,

trary to the passage in the Doctrine given power that they may baptize if he will but believe in Jesus Christ and Covenants where the Lord said you with water, and after that ye and come down in the depths of

THE SEASON'S GREATEST BELL& HOWELL MOVIEMAKING VALUE!

MOVIE OUTFIT The perfect outfit to start you making your own 8m home movies in brillia full color! The camera and

projector are both easy to use. Try them now!

Nothing Down...Only $1.50 WU

Come In, Phone or Order By Mail

HERE'S WHAT YOU GET!

220 Sun Dial Camera Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main - 273 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

253AX Projector Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Roomy Gadget Bag Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA humility and be baptized and be confirmed by those holding author- ***************** ity will receive the Holy Ghost.

one has the When Ghost, Holy he HEW as a sunrise! PROTECTS like armor I

is spirit, is no longer in poor but he rich in spirit. his he has When sins ENHAHCES with beauty! forgiven has lost him, he feeling fhat

of forlornness; he has new hope, new life. Blessed indeed are those in NOW—from the Research Laboratories

the world spirit in are poor who if of PRATT & LAMBERT comes they believe will but into and come the Church. But no one who is poor

in spirit will enter the kingdom of heaven. Not until he becomes rich

in spirit can he hope to enter.

"... blessed are all they that

mourn,"the Lord says, "for they shall be comforted."(Ibid., 12:4.)

We can see that the Lord meant blessed are all they who mourn ( and that includes all of us sooner or later) who come unto Christ.

Blessed are all they that mourn or HARD, CLEAR, PALE FINISH FOR WOOD come in the depths down of humilGives Superlative Performance INSIDE, OUTSIDE ity and are baptized and receive the

Holy Ghost, for the Holy Ghost is the Comforter, I can go to my neighbor when he has lost his wife, and I can put my arm around his shoulder, express my sympathy, offer my servPANELING FLOORS EXTERIORS ices, and he'll appreciate it, and it durable super is the NEW, clear VARMOR to his TOTALLYmay help lift the burden from can and Satin luster. use on wood. Gloss best finish youheart. is there But thing only one

that will give him real comfort and UP TO 100% more durable than conventional finishes that is the absolute knowledge that on floors, paneled walls, siding, furniture—any interior

his wife still lives, and that he can FURNITURE or exterior wood surface, including boats.

be with her again. Blessed are they HARDER, more resistant to abrasion than shellac,

who have cause to mourn, and who lacquer or common varnish. VARMOR also resists

come into the Church and receive food acids, cleaners and detergents.

the Holy Ghost.

that yet can dent you the wood, RESISTANT SO MAR sixth verse of The the fifth chapter easily. crack. chip Dries won't or Flows on VARMORof reads: Matthew "Blessed are glasslike finish. to quickly a they MARINE USE

which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be

filled."Dr. Fosdick has a sermon

that I sometimes call the "burning the midnight oil speech."In it he Surround LjfourdelfWith OSeciutusays thirst that if you hunger and

after righteousness, if you want to life,get in this anywhere you've got PRATT & LAMBERT PAINT and VARNISHESto walk mile; the second you've got

to study while all others sleep.

You've got to hunger for a learning, IMPERIAL WASHABLE WALLPAPERS and then you get it. This seems to

be a good explanation, but it misses WALLTEX by the proverbial mile the teachings expressed by the Savior: "And LADY HAMILTON MIRRORS

blessed are all they who do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall filled be with the Holv SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.Ghost."Nephi (3 12:6.) Joseph

Smith translated these passages that "Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"way in the Similar Book of Mormon.

330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utahpassages are found in his Inspired

Version of the Bible.—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

MAY 1961 343 Sometimes our nonmember neighbors say: "You talk about having

the only true Church, but what has fine it live for the homeus? We Your life children do; our that people you

or better."as yours are as good And "Waiting just that to admit they are have we

as noble, just as upright, just as Money virtuous, just as interested in the public. neighof the welfare I have Works for that, of the like the cream bors

other to earth, belonging but You at they still ask, churches. "What And

have you to offer us?"

John Taylor was a Methodist minWESTERN ister when he found the gospel of

Jesus Christ. There is nothing in SAVINGS his story to indicate that he had to

repent when he became a Latterday Saint. I have found no indication that he had habits that he had

to give up.

What could the Church then do Put your waiting money to work with a Western for him? I have never forgotten

Savings saveby-mail account. Western Savings, in the sentence from his diary which

Salt Lake City, pays the postage both ways. Western B. H. Roberts put into Elder Taylor's

also pays you 4% for your money, compounded biography which said: "When hands

semiannually and insured to $10,000 by the Federal were laid upon my head and the Corporation, an Insurance agency Savings and Loan conferred me, I upon Ghost Holy

All saved States by Government. the United money of

felt a from the crown sweet feeling 1st the 10th of month. the of the earns from the month of my head to the soles of my feet

before, never as I have known You Get the Very Most at Western Savings such bebefore which I had and things

I Open your account lieved in and hoped for, now today. Use this knew."Do you catch the significonvenient coupon. cance of that? "Things which before I had believed in and hoped

I knew."When I found WESTERN SAVINGS for, now

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH that, I understood the passage from

"Blessed are they Matthew, who thirst after righteousEnclosed is my check money hunger and order for S Please open a WESTERN ness."These good people of the

savings account in the name of: earth, the choice ones of the earthName SAVINGS yes, the Church has something for

them. That which they read in the

(if a joint account pin second name here) Bible and believe in and hope for,

SAVINGS LOAN AND COMPANY WESTERN the into if they they can come know Address

OFFICE: FIRST SOUTH 45 EAST DOWNTOWN Ghost, receive the Church Holy and OFFICE: DRIVE HIGHLAND City State 4989 COTTONWOOD

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH for they are the ones who can be "filled with the Holy Ghost."

I remember when I was baptized and confirmed, what a disappointed boy I was because I wasn't filled

SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS with the Holy Ghost. I didn't know

what I was expected to do—to

with a present appreciated the yearround prophesy, to speak in tongues, or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Iwhatwas itdisappointed,was, but itanddidn'tit washappen.many

AN IDEAL GIFT FOR years before I realized that one is filled with the Holy Ghost only as

Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, New Members one seeks the Holy Ghost, only as

Lovely gift card sent in your name one has a desire in his heart for the

Send only $3.00 for 12 big issues comfort, for the understanding, for

the faith, for the wisdom that can to come from the Holy Ghost. AnTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA other beatitude is, "Blessed are the

50 North Main St. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pure in heart: for they shall see

God."(Matt. 5:8.) Not unless they

accept Jesus! They will not see God

no matter how pure in heart they are. If we were at a banquet together and I should say to you,

"Come to the table and eat,"but you say, "No, I'm just as hungry as you are, but I'm going to stay outside"you will still stay hungry. You won't

be fed. We are not going to serve

in another room. And the pure in

heart who will not accept Christ and come unto him will not be where the Savior is. He has said,

"... I am the door:... He that

entereth... some other way, the

same is a thief and a robber."

(John 10:10.)

Are we teaching the Beatitudes as the world understands them, or as the Nephite prophets understood them, as Joseph Smith understood them? As a Church we ought to Improve Your Leadership in the Home—Community—Church

Beatitudes. theseunderstand Some

that their peoATTEND not saypreachers do ple must be baptized. They may

tell them to repent. They willsprinkle them, immerse them, or LEADERSHIP WEEK

pour water over them if they want "A Festival of Learning for Everyone"to be baptized; but to many baptism at

is merely a symbol of something, and if they can intellectually accept the Brigham Young University

Christ without the ordinance, they think it is just as well. They do not JUNE 1216, 1961

understand the simple gospel of

Jesus Christ, as explained in 3 Nephi. Theme: "CREATIVE LIVING IN A CHANGING WORLD"

apologies no need have We for MAKE THIS YOUR VACATION Christ. ofthe gospel Jesus We are

blessed with understanding above SPECIAL FEATURES...

all the people of the earth. The Enrichments in all areas of Learning (Family Living, Sciences,

Lord has said to us that we should Humanities, Religion, Genealogy, Business, etc.)

go forth and not be taught by the Hundreds of Classes, Workshops, Demonstrationsworld in these things but to teach the world. Let's teach that Jesus Daily Devotional Assemblies and Evening Entertainments

is the Christ, the Son of God, and General Authorities and Other Outstanding Civic, Profesthat he did not come to earth, sional, and Church Leaders merely to teach us how to live, and Exhibits, Tours, Film Classics not merely to give us the social Evening Emphasis on Executive Leadership gospel. The prophets did that beExcellent Living Accommodations and Food Services

fore him. There is nothing in the

social gospel in the New Testament Clip and Mail that you cannot find in the Old TO: Leadership Week Office, Extension Services

Testament, for the same God who Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah came and lived among us in the Please register me for the 1961 LEADERSHIP WEEK at BYU. Enclosed is my registration

flesh has been the inspiration of fee of $2.50.

the prophets in all these things. The

"social gospel"was not his mission.

His mission was to conquer death Last Name First Middle that we may live again to atone for the fall of Adam as well as for the sins of all of us. Let us not Home Address City State

lose the significance of these many stirring truths while teaching the

New Testament to the youth of Stake or Mission Church Position our Church. Send housing information, d Send Detailed Program. Q

Make checks payable to B.Y.U. Extension Services. For further information, write to

Leadership Week Office.

MAY 1961 345 How to Magnify a(PRIESTHOOD

"And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good

Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?"(Matt. 19:16. Italics added throughout

article.

To point the way and then to guide the wandering K pilgrim to this glorious goal of eternal life is the V object and end of all true religion.

Jesus'reply to this well phrased question of the rich ME.CHIZEDEK

young man was: "... If thou wilt enter into life,

keep the commandments,"to which statement the PR ESTHOOD obvious query is: What commandments? And what

must I do to keep them?

Fortunately these queries are not left without proper and sound gospel answers. Eternal life—

"the greatest of all the gifts of God"(D&C 14:7) -may and covenant of the priesthood. Those who receive

be gained through and because of the Melchizedek the Melchizedek Priesthood get it with an oath and

Priesthood. covenant of transcendent importance. Perhaps the

Obviously the whole gospel plan, the whole plan most enlightening scriptural explanation of this oath of salvation, is designed to prepare men for an inand covenant is found in section 84 of the Doctrine heritance of eternal life in the mansions on high. and Covenants.

But the crowning part of the course leading to that "For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining these two high status revolves around the Melchizedek Priestpriesthoods [the Aaronic and Melchizedek] of which hood. This, in effect, is the promise the Lord has given: I have spoken,"the Lord says, "and the magnifying

Those brethren who magnify their callings in their calling, are sanctified by the Spirit unto the the Melchizedek Priesthood shall have eternal life in renewing of their bodies.

the kingdom of God. "Thev become the sons of Moses and of Aaron and

In view of this principle, all Melchizedek Priestthe seed of Abraham, and the church and kingdom, hood bearers are vitally concerned with answering and the elect of God.

these two questions: "And also all they who receive this priesthood re-

1. What priesthood callings are involved in this ceive me, saith the Lord;

promise? "For he that receiveth my servants receiveth me;

2. How do those who hold these callings go about "And he that receiveth me receiveth my Father;

magnifying them? "And he that receiveth my Father receiveth my

On this page in March, we carried a discussion Fathers kingdom; therefore all that my Father hath

entitled, "Priesthood: Its Nature, Source, and Hisshall be given unto him.

tory."This theme was continued in April under the "And this is according to the oath and covenant

title, "Priesthood: It's Offices, Appendages, and which belongeth to the priesthood.

Keys."These articles, both of which should have "Therefore, all those who receive the priesthood,

been discussed in the regular monthly quorum meetreceive this oath and covenant of my Father, which ings, were designed to lay a foundation for this he cannot break, neither can it be moved.

present analysis relative to magnifying one's calling "But whoso breaketh this covenant after he hath in the priesthood. received it, and altogether turneth therefrom, shall

To help catch the vision of what is involved in this not have forgiveness of sins in this world nor in the whole matter, we need to make reference to the oath world to come."(Ibid., 84:3341.)

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Calling

Now a covenant is a contract; that is, it is an agreecallings, which include the offices of elder, seventy,

ment between two parties to do certain mutually high priest, patriarch, and apostle, and there are acceptable things. In the case of gospel covenants administrative or set apart callings. In this latter

the agreement is made between the Lord in heaven group are listed calls to go on missions, calls to serve and men on earth. An oath is, of course, a solemn in quorum presidencies, calls to act as high councilors,

adjuration binding a person to do a particular thing. calls to preside in stake presidencies, and the like.

Thus, with reference to the oath and covenant of What does it mean to magnify a calling? It means

the Melchizedek Priesthood, we find man agreeing to build it up in dignity and importance, to make it to receive the priesthood and to magnify whatever honorable and commendable in the eyes of all men, calling is given him in that priesthood; and we find to enlarge and strengthen it, to let the light of heaven

Deity swearing with an oath, in his own name, that shine through it to the view of other men.

if man does magnify his calling in the priesthood, And how does one magnify a calling? Simply by

then the Almighty will reward him with "all that my performing the service that appertains to it. An

Father hath."In other words, those who magnify elder magnifies the ordained calling of an elder by

their callings in the priesthood have the promise of learning what his duties as an elder are and then eternal life, which is the greatest of all the gifts of by doing them. An elders'quorum president magGod; that is to say, it is all that the Father hath. nifies his administrative calling by learning what he

A perfect illustration of how the Melchizedek is expected to do as a quorum president and by

Priesthood is given with an oath is found in the case doing it.

of Christ himself, the great Exemplar. As part of In other words, if an elder in the Church is able

a long discussion in which Paul compares the Aaronic to learn what is expected of him in his "high and and Melchizedek Priesthood, that ancient apostle holy calling"in the Melchizedek Priesthood, and if identifies the higher priesthood as the one whereby he will then do it, he has the absolute assurance that men have "power"to gain "endless life,"meaning he will inherit eternal life. And so with every other

eternal life. One of several statements made by him calling in the priesthood.

as to the oath involved is this: "... those priests Priesthood callings require the rendering of certain

[of the Aaronic Order] were made without an oath; service that is peculiar, in each instance, to the calling

but this [priest, meaning Christ] with an oath by him involved. Certain other matters also appertain in the

that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not case of all callings. One of these general requirerepent, Thou are a priest forever after the order of ments, as given by the Lord immediately following

Melchisedec."(Heb. 7:16, 21.) his modern revelation of the terms of the oath and

Knowing, then, that the Melchizedek Priesthood is covenant of the priesthood, is this:

conferred with an oath and a covenant, a part of "And now I give unto you a commandment to bewhich covenant is that men will magnify the callings ware concerning yourselves, to give diligent heed to given them, our next problem is to learn what priestthe words of eternal life.

hood callings are thus conferred so that we may go "For you shall live by every word that proceedeth about magnifying them. forth from the mouth of God."(D&C 84:4344.)

What is a priesthood calling? It is an assignment What holder of the Melchizedek Priesthood is there

to serve in a specified priesthood capacity. Brethren who would fail to magnify his calling if he really

are called to serve as bishops, called to go on misunderstood that by so doing he would inherit all sions, called to do the work of seventies, called to that the Father hath?

do any of a host of ministerial services in the kingdom. Next month we will consider the specific items of

For purpose of analysis we should understand that service required in the field of ordained callings and there are two types of callings. There are ordained also where some administrative callings are concerned.

MAY 1961 347 '''...'.'''

AN EVENT TO REMEMBER AND APPRECIATE

Spring was in the air. It was a beautiful day in mid

May. Nature had covered the landscape with its

green mantle of loveliness. Occasional wild flowers

gave contrasting color to the delicately shaded green of the grass underfoot and the darker hues of the trees and shrubs all around. The songs of birds filled

the air as they chirped and chattered their sweet love notes to each other. An occasional breeze rustled

the leaves of the trees overhead. One could hear

the rippling of waters, for nearby the lovely and majestic Susquehanna River added to the beauty and serenity of the place and to the harmony of nature's divine symphony.

There had been other days at this very spot much like this, but today there was a feeling of tenseness in the air as though some great event were about to transpire.

Little shafts of light filtered through the leaves of the trees and played upon the scene below.

Two young men had sought the seclusion of this beautiful spot. Their heads were bare and bowed.

They were upon their knees. Their faces in the

shadowed light reflected an inner struggle. Their

minds were oblivious to their surroundings. They

didn't hear the song of the birds, the rushing of the leaves, or the rippling river. They were not consciously aware of the beauty that surrounded them.

Their full attention was in supplicating God. They

projected their spirits into his presence. They sought

additional light and the counsel of their Father in

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Heaven. Joseph Smith, Jim., and Oliver Cowdery of the Lesser Priesthood upon their heads.

had opened the windows of their souls to receive an John gave the instructions, and the river afforded answer to their prayers. the means. The first baptisms of this dispensation

Soon the scene was bathed in glorious light, and were performed under the personal supervision of before them stood an angel of the Lord. He introhim who had baptized the Savior at Bethabara.

duced himself, and his voice thrilled them to the core. Joseph baptized Oliver, then Oliver baptized Joseph.

"I am John, the same that is called John the The Holy Ghost fell upon them, and many wonderBaptist in the New Testament."ful manifestations of the Spirit followed.

He then told them that he came under the direction Years have passed and wonderful things have of Peter, James, and John who held the keys of the happened since that May 15, 1829. The river still

Melchizedek Priesthood, which priesthood they would flows past the eventful spot near what was then known later receive. He said that Joseph was to be the first as Harmony, Pennsylvania. The birds still sing their

elder and Oliver the second elder in the organization beautiful songs each spring. The Church of Jesus

that God would establish. Christ of Latterday Saints has been restored. MisHe laid his hands upon their heads. The inner sionaries holding the Holy Priesthood have carried

conflict existed no more. A peace and assurance the message of salvation to the nations of the earth.

entered their souls. They felt a power envelop them. A short distance away stands a beautiful monument

An additional light, the Priesthood of Aaron, came commemorating the visitation of John the Baptist upon them as the mild but forceful voice of the to the two young men whom God had chosen to

Savior's servant ordained them and sealed the keys receive his priesthood keys.

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT FOR JUNE 1961

THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

The Pearl of Great Price records for us the divinely record the movements of the planets and their relainspired visions of four great prophets. Marvelous tionship to each other. He was permitted to look

truths revealed to them in their respective gospel disbeyond the veil of birth to the premortal councils pensations, and preserved by the hand of God to come of the Gods.

forth in our time, are before us for our enlightenThese experiences were recorded on papyrus scrolls ment and blessings. and buried in the catacombs of Egypt, there to remain

Within the covers of the book are beautiful truths, during the intervening centuries and to come forth pearls from heaven, to enlarge our understanding of in our day. The story of Antonio Sebolo, Michael

life's purposes and the Lord's expectations of us. Chandler, the Egyptian mummies, the papyrus

They supplement and compliment the revealed word scrolls, and how the Lord brought to the hands of of God in the Bible, the Book of Mormon, and the his latterday Prophet these wonderful writings of

Doctrine and Covenants. They give detail and life Abraham is a thrilling one indeed. The meticulous

to our premortal existence. They testify of the planning for the preservation of these marvelous

fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man. They writings bespeaks their value to all who read and

depict with simplicity the purposes of God for his study them.

children and give purpose to our mortal existence. This book also contains some of the select writings

The visions of Enoch and Moses were recorded by and revelations of the Prophet Joseph Smith. They

Moses in his day. Because deletions and changes include his own story of his early visitations from

were made over the centuries that followed, God heavenly messengers in bringing about the restorarevealed them again to the Prophet Joseph Smith, tion of the gospel and the priesthood, also excerpts and they are now recorded as the book of Moses. from his revised version of the Bible as well as his

Abraham lived close to the Lord. During his sobeautiful exposition of beliefs, practices, and purjourn on the earth, many of the wonders of the world poses of the Church which he named the Articles

and the universe were unfolded to him. He envisioned of Faith.

the greater handiwork of the Lord in all its majesty, This divine book is of the Lord. It is one of the

and he was permitted to see things that are only standard works of the Church. It is truly what its

now coming to the attention of scientific man in his name implies, a "pearl of great price"to those who study. He was granted the gift to understand and seek the truth and read it prayerfully.

MAY 1961 349 Mothers are precious for so many

reasons. Their deep love, which

Like Motherbegan in the months before you

breathed, is yours forever. Their

loyalty to you knows no bounds. Fused to bake1

Their understanding touches you TODAY'S FAMILY

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK. EDITOR

like a soft down quilt, and their

wise counsel guides you gently

without your quite realizing it,

through all your years. Mothers,

since the time of Eve, have influenced history, geography, government, and even digestion.

Where is there a man so dead

who has not uttered many times

in his life, "This isn't like Mother

used to bake."

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Remembering back to other years is a fun pastime, 1 envelope Knox gelatin young, old, and middle age all engage in it. I've % cup powdered sugar

heard a twelveyear-old girl say, "Mother always 1 teaspoon vanilla made a heartshaped box of divinity for a Valentine About Vz pound lady fingers.

when I was a little girl,"or a grayhaired grandfather say, "Nothing tastes as good today as the raisin cake Soak the gelatin in xk cup cold water for 5 minutes.

Mother used to bake."Memories, somehow or other, Set over boiling water until dissolved. Whip the

are closely connected with our five senses, with the cream and add the sugar, cooled gelatin, and vanilla.

sense of taste heading the list. Almost everyone in Line 2 square tins or molds with lady fingers. Pour

the world could reminisce with the words, "like in the filling and let set in the refrigerator at least

Mother used to bake."3 hours. This amount will serve 12 people. When

All these new cookbooks are very fine, but they ready to serve, remove from mold to a large platter.

do not take the place of those tried and trusted famTop with whipped cream and decorate with the tines ily recipes used from generation to generation. Save of a fork. Serve on sparkling crystal plates.

these precious recipes, hand them down for the future, not only in memory, but also on nice white

Rice Pudding recipe filing cards. A young bride should take to 1 cup rice

her new home her mother's favorite recipes and soon Vz cup raisins add to them, with the help of her motherin-law, % cup sugar her husband's favorites.

1 tablespoon butter I came up with some treasures when I telephoned

P/2 quarts of rich milk daughters of some famous mothers. They were all

so generous in wanting to share some favorite family recipes with us. Mix and put in casserole and bake in a pan of

When I talked with Helen Spencer Williams, who water at 300 degrees F. until rice is tender. Helen

has been so busy helping in the restoration of the Williams says today she uses ordinary milk and

Beehive House, she enthusiastically said, "I'd love flavors the pudding with vanilla, nutmeg, and a to give you a favorite recipe of our family."She said dash of salt.

that when her mother's things were divided, her first Sister Harold B. Lee's daughters are following in

choice was a little black recipe book. Her mother, their mother's footsteps, each establishing wonderClarissa Young Spencer, was the daughter of Lucy ful Latterday Saint homes. Helen Lee Goates

Ann Decker Young and Brigham Young and her reminisced about their happy childhood. She tells

mother's wedding reception was the first one to be of a casserole dish they enjoyed all through their held in the Beehive House. Through all this history growingup years. In fact, when she married, it was

come two recipes from the little black book. one of the very first meals she cooked. Helen said,

Charlotte Russe Cake "At first, of course, I only made half the recipe at a 1 quart whipping cream time but now, with my growing family, I double it."

MAY 1961 351 Favorite Casserole Cool right in the pan and frost with vanilla butter icing. (This cake is

IND PRINTED per roll VzVz cupcup brownmacaronirice excellentwonderfulkeepingfor a picnic,qualities.)and it has

For or 1 2 Exposure any 6, 8 B & fat W Roll 2 tablespoons the of there is the memory Then

Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO to the brim freezer—full big 6 quart hamburger 1 pound

is to prepare and, an easy one cream COLOR FILM 21 heapingor 2 onionstablespoons flour with Grape Ice Cream. This ice refreshing. oh, so delicious and DEVELOPING 2 cups milk

KODACOLOR 1 pint tomatoes or tomato juice Grape Ice Cream 8-Exposure Roll per salt to taste

Printing roll Dev. and $2.55 grape juice 1 quart in the rice macaroni and Cook Roll 12Exposure per cups sugar 4 Dev. until tender. Printing roll boiling Drain. water and $3.00

Color Reprints 20C each Fry hamburger and onions in fat. 6 lemons (juice)

flour to mixture in cold and meat gelatin ( dissolve Add stir 2 envelopes SLIDES COLOR until thoroughly. milk and stir hot water) over Add water then per 135 mm Color Slides

20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll it boils and the mixture thickens. 3 oranges (juice)

Slides Color per 135 If Stir or juice. in the mm tomatoes beaten slightly 1 quart heavy cream, exp., roll Dev. 36 and Mount $2.40 sieve using tomatoes, through put

Color per Movie 1 milk can evaporated to pieces. large to Bring break up 25'Roll 8 $1.35rol mm,

the boil again. Pour meat mixture

all Fill ingredients. 6 qt. Combine large in rice over macaroni and PHOTOSGENEALOGY if milk, freezer more add % full, all together. dish, casserole mixing of NEGATIVES OLD MADE are added Pecans good for at degrees F. 40 necessary. 35 to Bake 350 each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

is partially ice the cream when minutes. 4c of NEGATIVE, each

or saved frozen, to sprinkle on top the of choice Another memory coin only - no C.O.D.'s Send treat. an extra a for cake. is a Just household Lee Guarantee MoneyBack

taste of this raisin cake brings back Marian Richards Boyer opened up memories of canyon trips, or the her files and gave us some unusual LAB appetizing baking fragrance, filling recipes from her mother, Sister UtahSAMSP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,

the house as Helen came home from LeGrand Richards. Sister Richards

school; also of her first attempt is one of today's loveliest mothers.

for devotion and love is a in family the Richards'BOOK OF MORMON TOUR atSistermakingLee taughta cakeher alldaughtersby herself.step oneThereanother

DAVE WELLING TRAVEL by step how to make this delicious that is difficult to match. Marian

cake. presents r says a dinner for any of the Richards'children is not complete with- 3 -THREE -3 Boiled Raisin Cake out a colorful fruit salad made with (poor man's cake) her mother's special dressing recipe. Wonderful Book of Mormon Tours

raisins prefer seeded, (we MEXICO, TO YUCATAN 2 cups Fruit Salad Dressing seedless can be used. but GUATEMALA AND

14 Days—All Expense 2 cups water Juice from medium sized can pineSee what the Book IV2 cups sugar apple

of people 2 tablespoons Mormon shortening (heapJuice from 2 oranges and 1 lemon... built ing) SA cup sugar 4th JUNE

to JUNE 18th Boil these ingredients together personally escorted about 5 minutes. Cool. Heat the fruit juices and sugar

by Dr. Leland H. Sift together: and thicken with cornstarch. When

Monson, who is an M cool, add 1 cup of whipping cream authority on the || 3 cups flour whipped until thick. Combine the

Book of Mormon. 1 teaspoon soda dressing with chopped bananas and

Dr. Leland H. Monson 1 teaspoon baking powder pineapple and serve in a large bowl.

Nov. 5th to Vz teaspoon salt

Nov. 19th, 1961 Sometimes recipes are passed along

Feb. 6th to 1 teaspoon cinnamon to a third and fourth generation.

Feb. 20th, 1962 Vz teaspoon nutmeg This is the case with Grandmother

Personally escorted V4 teaspoon cloves Richards'Chili Sauce. Grandmother

by David M. Welling was Mrs. George F. Richards, the

Add to the raisins and liquid the mother of Elder LeGrand Richards.

Make Your dry ingredients and Vz cup to 1 cup This chili sauce somehow or other,

David M. Welling Arrangements Now! nuts. Bake in greased 9 by 13 cake turns out a little bit better than the

pan at 350 degrees F. for 35 to 40 usual sauce, or so the grandDAVE TRAVELWELLINGSERVICE minutes. (Make the toothpick test.) daughters say.

HOTEL BEN LOMOND, OGDEN, UTAH EXport 4-2667

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grandmother Richards'Chili Sauce

1 peck tomatoes—peeled and mashed and still enjoy at least

6 green peppers—chopped fine

6 large onions—chopped fine 1 regular meal a day...

2 tablespoons each of cinnamon, cloves, and allspice tied in a use safe, delicious, economical bag

Mix all together and cook a short -time. Add 2 or 3 cups of sugar, Quk&Med

depending upon your sweet tooth, 2 cups vinegar, and 3 tablespoons salt. Cook to the right thickness,

remove spice bag, and seal in A trim, slim figure easily can be Then stay slim with 1 Sure Meal sterilized jars. yours! Just mix tastetempting, serving daily! Once having achieved

Sharon Longden Dunn says, "I completely nutritious, powdered the healthful, youthful figure you remember Mother for so many deSure Meal with,2%milk orwhole desire, you will want to hold your licious and tempting dishes that milk for two low -calorie (210weight at that point by continuing to break it down to one or two spe241) meals a day. Then go ahead with one Sure Meal serving daily

cific ones is difficult. Since Daddy and enjoy a satisfying 400 to 500plus two caloriecontrolled regular

was born in England, he would often calorie regular meal each day. OR, meals. Then, on occasion, should

reflect on childhood days in Oldham, have two equally nutritious but veryyou gain a few T pounds, you simply

Lancashire, and what they ate as lowcalorie (169) Sure Meal servings, return to two Sure Meal servings a little boys. Thanks to my sweet mixed with powdered milk and day for a few days... for easy,

mother and her perfection of Yorkwater, plus a substantial 550 to pleasant weight control.

shire Pudding, a little bit of Eng600-calorie meal each day! Thus,

land was always in our home. unlike fixed 900caIorie allliquid Quick nutritional pickup on quite never dinners wereSunday Sure Try Meal days. "skiplunch"dietaries, Sure Meal makes Yorkshire unlesscomplete had we at "skiplunch"those days busy it on

lit to daily for possible you your of roast to our go withPudding It's office in available the or home. to individual calorie intake your gravy."beef brown and flavor favorite provides and your

.. still. and needs weightreduction

nutrition all the necessary with daily you regular meal one good Moms (LaRue Longden s) allows at going peak efficiency! to keep natural the bulk to provide and Yorkshire Pudding

food your body requires. Sure Meal costs up to 40% less!!

of Sure the one Meal very was first until thick and yolks—beaten 2 egg is not safe food Sure Meal a—a dietaries of so the type - popular creamy is scientifically Sure fad. Meal today. It has the on been marketVi milk cup in accredited an formulated West for years... established an pro- 4 before flour—sifted 1 once cup aplaboratory medically and Coast real duct used with success by measuring It is carefood, proved. a complete of thousands with persons weight- a

Vz teaspoon salt fully balanced to provide every control problem. Yet, bought in a

1 teaspoon baking powder essential nutritional element the caselot of 240, Sure Meal costs less 2 stiffly beaten egg whites human svstem needs in a lowthan 19$ per serving! Just compare

calorie diet. Two Sure Meal servings this low, low cost with any other

Sift the dry ingredients; beat into daily help you trim down to the product of its kind!

egg yolk and milk mixture; then fold healthful, attractive figure you desire

in the beaten egg whites. Have the... and let you retain the buoyant

Should suffering you be IMPORTANT: roast in (from has cookedpan the feeling vigor and happy that comes from health any serious it is parproblem, of the grease has been mostwhich nutrition, only through proper good ticularly wise to consult physician your

drained) good and hot. Pour batfood and regularity. before going on a weightreduction diet.

ter into pan and bake in 400 degree

F. oven with the lid on the pan for

20 to 35 minutes. Serves 4 hungry Not yet available in food or drug stores. Just phone or mail your

Longdens. order for immediate delivery. Use handy SURE MEAL coupon below:

Sharon continues: "I also remem- 1

ber Christmas time and how mother Don Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674 would (still does) break her back 1087 East 9th South Check desired flavor:

Salt City Lake Utah 5, Vanilla Defatted Chocolate disto cookiesbaking bread and

, I, Butterscotch Bland Maple 'PI ["]—PI'—dirlease rush the,, rfollowing quantneighbors, totribute the around

in selling be mterested SURE MEAL 'may of SURE MEAL: sick. of the itieswidows, and the One

cookies we never had enough of 20Meal Size $4.75 My name

were Russian Tea Cakes. They are 40Meal Size $9.00 My address

240Meal Size (case]....45.00 City Zone State

MAY 1961 353 WHEN YOU MEAN FOREVER small, delectable, and very habit The basic dough recipe is:

"Satisfaction Guaranteed or forming."

Your Money Back"Shilli Cake Russian Tea Cakes yeast dissolved cake 1 in 1 cup of in sell the don't diamonds We together thoroughly: Mix water warm diayour sense. buy usual We 1 soft butter cup of flour quarts 3 the direct for from you mond Vz sifted confectioner's sugar cup sugar tablespoons 2 it to guarantee cutter, and we 1 vanilla teaspoon 1 salt tablespoon find can value you best be the

or your money back. Sift together, then mix with first 1 quart of warm potato water

considerably will pay You yeast to mixture: the the dissolved Add

as less (as much water. dry 40% less) for 2 Sift together the x/4 cups sifted flour potato and Celestial Diamond, your salt with teaspoon ingredients and mix thoroughly % written a receive will you finely to rise until the liquid. cup Allow chopped nuts % as the Deseret as well guarantee

it in and double bulk, knead down, Company DIAMOND Diamond Chill 1 the into Roll inch dough. it rise let to again. a smooth Knead identifies your which GRAPH 2V2 balls. inches Place apart on for the before texture preparing weight, carat to as stone

sheet. until cut, ungreased baking Bake oven. clarity. color and

set, not 10 but brown, minabout

FREE BOOKLET: utes at 400 degrees F. While still Lucy Grant Cannon is another

WRITE FOR TODAY "WHAT YOU roll in sugar. confectioner's SHOULD warm, mother. She is famous known for

BEFORE YOU DIAMOND"KNOW BUY A again. Cool. Roll her in sugar kind spirit. Throughout sweet,

DESERET A whole book could be and should presidenther manyof busythe YWMIA,years asshegeneralnever be written on Ruth May Fox, as a let up doing little kindnesses for all her. daughter I called her those daughHer around

tells of the Irene DIAMOND mother.ter Vida WhenFox Clawson, Lloyd had a Cannon we

this outstanding woman. You know corn or split pea soup, fruit punch, COMPANY wonderful time reminiscing about many, literally hundreds of pans of

285 No., First East, Provo, Utah Sister Fox had twelve children, and or loaves of bread that she and the

DESERET DIAMOND IS NOW SELECTING they all have such special memories other Cannon children delivered for

AND LDS SERVICEMEN CAMPUS REPRESENTof her. Twelve children didn't seem their mother to those in need. Sister INFORMATION. ATIVES. WRITE FOR

quite enough for her, so she usually Cannon is still doing this even

DISCOUNTS had extra ones living in the home. though she reached her eightieth

For six months, one time, a man birthday awhile back. Irene says MONROE and his six children made their home that two of her mother's favoriteS40%TO CHURCHES

AND OTHERS with the Foxes. Sister Fox always recipes, used by her children and

found time to read and studv. Vida friends, are Soft Dough Bread and

says her mother was always the last Boston Brown Bread. These tried

one to bed, and a fond memory they and true recipes should be added all have of her is sitting late at night to everyone's file.

NO. K-3 TABLE! i reading and writing. For meals the

FOLDING TABLES table was always set with a clean Soft Dough Bread (one loaf) the every white cloth, morning and prices Directfrom-factory & to discounts up to 40% sat for 3 medium potatoes, cooked and together family whole down

Clubs, Churches, Schools, mashed Sister a breakfast. mix Fox would all organizaLodges and yeast of large day, other every batch bread tions. 1961 MONROE 1 cup liquid, lukewarm Tables Folding are Banquet the the children and remember

for quality, durunmatched cup whole wheat flour of that fragrance wonderful bread 1 ability, appearance. convenience handsome and flour 1 cup white use. every school. as they baking 68 models from and sizes for came in

1 teaspoon shortening us gave Vida Fox Clawson BIG CATALOG her V2 salt teaspoon 1961line table Full chairs, tables, pictures. FREE—Color

"Shilli for mother's recipe Cake."platformrisers, chair portable trucks, and 1 tablespoon Karo syrup bulletin partitions, boards. today! Write says, called She mother "What my

Colfax, Iowa St., Church CO., 249 THE MONROE reality Shilli in Cake was the potatoes homemade Mash and add to the

bread dough rolled in a circular lukewarm liquid. Put yeast in it

CHURCH BULLETIN BOARDS piece about fifteen inches in diameand let it become foamy. Add the

ter and one inch thick, spread with rest of the ingredients and stir. Let

for Indoor CHURCHOf CATTERDAYof JESUSSAINTSCHRIST shortening and folded, rolled, and it rise until double in bulk, and if spread again, repeat four times, you like crusty bread, spread the or Outdoor placed in a large dripper, a small dough out to one inch thickness in

Use.. hole made in the center, and baked large, greased pans. After putting

in the oven to a golden brown; it into the pans let it rise for 20

Famous DAVSON Boards... ChangeableLetter broken in generous pieces and minutes and then bake at 350 deAnnounce-Directory and Boards, brought to the table piping hot. That grees F. for one hour. May also Corkment Boards,

Boards,Chalk Name opened and spread with fresh butbe baked in muffin tins or in a tube etc.Plates,

ter was something fit for a king."pan.

WRITE for free catalog.

C.A.

Dept. IE, DAVENPORT311 North Desplaines Street,& SON,Chicago 6,INC.Illinois

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Boston Brown Bread

1 cup molasses 3 cups sour milk 3 cups whole wheat flour 2 cups yellow cornmeal 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon salt 1 lb. package raisins

Mix 1 tablespoon boiling water with the soda, thoroughly dissolve, 04884x pour into the molasses, beat until Levant grain Calf, half circuit, New Long foamy, gradually; add other inPrimerConcordance.type, FamilymodifiedRecord.selfpronouncing.Oxford India

gredients. Pour into wellbuttered paper. 5% x 8%, less than 1"thick. $14.95

tin cans and cover with foil. Steam

in water for about four hours. 04434x

The words of Christ are printed in red in

Ortel Hoit, Bertha S. Reeder's this beautiful Bible. Bound in Morocco

daughter says, "I'll always remember grain Calf, half circuit. Brevier, selfpro-

Mother for her steam puddings, pies, Familynouncing,Record.blackface5 x IVa,type.onlyConcordance.%"thick.

and casserole dishes."Many of us $10.95

have recipes in our files of Sister

Reeder's. Besides being the very A new de luxe Bible with New Beryl

busy general president of the YWType—small enough to carry anywhere

MIA she still loves to cook and 01036x Goatskin, half circuit, simulated lining, leather corners, round red under kitchen. in the hoursspends many

3'/s gold edges. thick. only Y$"x 4%, to sit fortunate is veryAnyone down $6.50

at one of her delicious dinners. She

is sharing a very special pudding Oxford India paper recipe with us. It is so very light H Authorized King James Version 01036x

it is servedand airy, and with a OXFORD UNIVERSITY sauce. richwonderful creamy PRESS

Chocolate Pudding

1 eg(ta % cup sugar 1 cup sweet milk Yi teaspoon salt Cherished Moment 1 cup flour 2 teaspoons baking powder 2 squares of melted chocolate edding announce- (cooled) wVY Beat the egg and add the sugar, ments for that important cream well, and add the sifted dry ingredients alternately with the event. A wide selection of

milk. Fold in the cooled melted styles and cards that would

chocolate and pour into a wellgreased quart mold. Cover and please the most discrimsteam in boiling water for lMz hours.

Serve with creamy sauce. inating bride.

Creamy Sauce 2 tablespoons butter, melted The West's Finest 1 cup powdered sugar 1 egg Printers and Binders 1 teaspoon vanilla

inwell all the Beat together Deseret servinggredients before and just fold in 1 cup of whipping cream stiff.whipped

H. Bennett's eight chilNews Of Emily

dren I called her eldest daughter,

Mary Elen Belnap, to talk to her 33 RICHp$-ST. Press

r EM425|g| SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH

MAY 1961 355 TYPEWRITERS especially suitable for about a recipe of her mother's. We only a pleasant, kindly tone and

talked of the memories we have of love. Scarcely any real tune is

or GENEALOGY WORK foodsmentionedin ourthat childhood,her doctor andhusbandshe necessarylullaby wordswith andnurserya regularrhymebeat.

often makes Postum in the evening Following my father's example, SAVE!! for their children, and they love it. when our children came along, we

25% to 60% He flavors this Postum with milk, sang to them at bedtime and to enon Factory Rebuilts sugar, and cinnamon. It won't be courage various activities during the

to our grandPORTABLES - STANDARDS long before one of his children will day. Now we sing

ELECTRICS be grown up and saying, "I rememchildren.

ber when we would come in from To show what singing can do to

Write For Free Literature swimming or skiing, and Father a child, there was the time one of would make us Postum,"a memory our children, age three years, had

Szhh&y&JiiL. 9nc. made up of love and a little time. his tonsils and adenoids taken out.

Mary Elen also has many memories After he came out of the anesthetic,

Business Machines and Supplies of her busy, gracious mother and he began to yell, crying so hard 757 So. State the ice cream every Sunday and of that he could be heard all over

Salt Lake City 11, Utah the extra Christmas cooking and the that section of the hospital. I had

many gifts coming from the kitchen, been told by the doctors that I must especially cookies. Here is one of not go to him, that the nurses could

their favorite cookie recipes. manage things much better, so I

THE ERA Swedish Cookies hadwouldto bewaitableinto agonysoothe hopinghim. Beforethey

long, however, a nurse arrived and cup butter if with its new Vz I could I thought do asked me 1 cup his crying, as they stop to sugar anything 1 egg were afraid it might induce a

YOUTH SECTION 1% cups flour hemorrhage. I did not wait to ex-

2 teaspoons baking powder plain but beat the nurse to my son.

makes an ideal gift 1 egg white When I reached him, he was crying 4 tablespoons of sugar mixed with so hard he only half knew I was for cinnamon there, but immediately I sat down the singing beside began him and YOUNG PEOPLE'S Blanched1 teaspoonalmondvanillahalves old familiar songs he had heard

BIRTHDAY from infancy. Gradually he quieted

sugar, the butter and add Cream less in ten minutes than down, and GRADUATION well beaten, then and egg asleep. sound add he was WEDDING thesifted flour powder. and baking in astonnurse looked The at me

Chill. thick. Roll inch out % that's she amazing!"Cut ishment. "Why, Only $3.00 for in hearts, or rounds, whatever tried before said. everything "We 12 big issues desired, over shape brush with I told beher came."it was you

beaten egg white. Sprinkle with cause he was used to having me

cinnamon mixed with sugar. Put sing to him.

'WiiWoMIIOBIWMiM-liVWI.'Mt;* ** i.'—<:. H about 3 half almonds on each I believe that babies who are

cookie. Bake 12 to 15 minutes in dried and dressed on an impersonal

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS a 300 degree F. oven. table, a thing that has no warmth

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple The enthusiasm of all these daughor rhythmic motion to it, are misssore throat and other minor mouth ters for their mother's cooking was ing something of real importance.

chiland throat irritations. heartwarming. In years to come I really began singing to my

their daughters, too, will be singing dren with the first bath I gave each automatically lap one. Almost my the old refrain, "like mother used HALL'S I I REMEDY bit as a while sang swayed to bake."Salt Lake in putting before soaped them them

ny-m-o-mKm-u* -{>—-<>—H City,:—'.:—UtahII—i'-—-C'-M*''!—<>- tub, drywhile the then again and SINGING TO CHILDREN ing them across my knees.

DRINK BY MARY N. S. WHITELEY Our children have not grown up

I there a child, for their instruments play one music, was was When ficqo to be great musicians, but they love A delightful

I to as for their children's person always well have wanted own as for those hot beverage who don't drink coffee. sing to me, and that person couldn't relaxation and pleasure, and they are

AT YOUR GROCERS carry a tune. He was my father. collectors of good records. Like all

Actually, his singing was a monogood things put within the range tone, but it was full of love and and grasp of childhood, great music

The most economical food wrap comfort and rhythm, and it soothed is often appreciated by children and it later in life. you can use! me and made me happy. prepares them for To a child no "voice"is required, When my children were small, it

KITCHEI1 CHPRm WAXED PAPER

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was considered wrong to rock and in SALT LAKE CITY it's sing them to sleep; but as it seemed

to me to be the natural thing to do,that is what I did. Now the doctors HOTEL UTAH

have apparently reversed themselves, has and rocking come in and MOTOR LODGE psychologistsagain. Particularly do

say that in rocking and singing your baby to sleep you give him a feelAdjacent to historic Temple Square ing of comfort and protection that Close to outstanding scenic attractions will start him off well into a happy i&v and wellbalanced childhood. n i\i *

My husband and I both sang to Featuring the beautiful new children, got theyour and when too &%>td6ifad l) \l ROOM still to them,old sang to rock, we...yearround roof garden restaurant

sitting on the edge of their beds.

One song before dropping off to Your choice of downtown locations:

sleep was the agreement for many HOTEL UTAH HOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE years. The songs at first were sim500 air conditioned rooms with radio, 1 50 air conditioned rooms with telepool, convention ice water, vision, swimming and circulating garageple but were TV in words and melody

facilities persons. adjoining for up to 1500 lobby, Coffee Shop. for instance, rhythmical;very

Brahms'"Lullaby,"the many SteReservations through Hilton Reservation Service in all major cities.

phen Foster songs, and old English Max Dean, Manager songs such as "Listen to the Mocking Bird,""Oh, Dear, What Can the

Matter Be,"and "Young Lambs to

Sell."kind of song to be The sung seating comfort

did. children (Songs as thegrew up

with a great many verses grew in pluspopularity when only one song was RAIN BIRD to be sung! for EVERY sprinkling need a perfect

little up I found also that making a writing surface songs wasspurof-themoment help in getting through various daily duties. Everyday living can be

of to the pointhelped seeming al- J accompaniedmost miraculous when Whatever your sprinkling Stretchusefulnessyourofseatingthis sturdybudgettabletaTmwith the allroundchair. It

by music. Going to bed was made requirements—large offers comfortable seating, plus a generous

area, bookalong underthe-seat small area, an and surface writing simplest kind the ainto by game in dozens it classes, meetings—for shelf. Use under dressed getting song,of and of choice in wide Available different ways. of a hillsides was walks,on—trees,there's

free, a for today Write materials. colors and in thehelped by another same way to Bird Rain model do

catalog. fullline

efficiently job the using without simpleequally songgame—not

composed songs but something made water waste. There are

up spontaneously. The goingto-bed Raincan beBirdadjustedSprinklersfor anywhich

song was called the "bed parade"part of circle, or full and went like this: circle, and distance of

water throw. All give

"Here we go in the bed parade, the slow,with maximumuniform coverage bed parade, the bed parade, watering benefits.

Here we go in the bed parade, we're The same high off in the bed brigade. quality and

First comes Daddy in the bed advancement,which has

.. parade,

the first in theHe's. bed brigade,..."worldRain Birdfor 26throughoutdistinguishedyears, is

inherent in every Rain Bird sprinkler you buy today.

The tune of this song made itself out of repetition and rhythm. By Literature gladly sent free on request.

the time we had marched around NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

their rooms singing a few times, the 627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California HEYWOODWAKERELD. SCHOOL SEATING DIVISION

small fry were perfectly willing and MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN ready to curl up under their covers.

Dressing was accomplished in PEWS.PULPIT* CHANCEL Send NOW for your

much the same way, with the tunechanged a bit to suit the change in FURNITURE write ror Free catalog FREE BROCHURE V*rhythm. which explains advantages of membership AND LOWDIRECTPRICES

J.RRedington&Co. in LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA. P. O. Box 400 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

MAY 1961 357 CUSTOMLINE "First you put your undershirt on, language, and singing children's pull it, pull it, pull it down, songs from other lands is a wonderThen you put your stockings on, pull ful way of starting in your child an them, pull the stockings up,..."understanding of peoples of other

Coat and Hat Racks countries. Particularly good are the

to Tailored fit any given wall going through whatever articles of little French nursery songs and songcloseted open or area. Smart in design and clothing were to be put on. games, such as: <(Sur Le Pont D'

in "clear", "gold"modern finAvignon,""Au Clair de La Lune"anodized deep etched ishes and combinations. Any mother can think up little "Frere Jacques."

Quality built—closedend rigidly games like these to make life hapYou don't need a good voice to tubing, aluminum

held in cast aluminum pier and easier, and when those sing these or any children's songs—

are that adjustbrackets for in height able doveproblems come up that invade every the rhythm of the song is the chief tailed mounting extruhome—the child won't answer, the thing—but if you really cannot face

how Detail showssions. also Brackets everything child eat—or won't when all, are at there to singing good up extrusions dovetall adjustable to any desired cenany on mount (which nerves sevens, sixes at and and children's songs on records centers. at any is brackets of many ters) hold

- desired nlant and of mother both got CL690 hold Bulletin for haveWrite partially subthe can market. They

call Singing your child, try music. singing, stitute parents'for but own CO VOGELPETERSON child in a bright to a stubborn way of the place a take can they never

Illinois Rt. 83 and Madison St., Elmhurst, results, will a while bring usually life of the in voice loving human

little song at mealtime will help in your child.

feeding, and a waltz record played Remember that even if you are when nerves are frayed will have an able to sing only one tone, it's the effect. soothing astonishingly to in all personal, touch warm, human TAT CAL bringin help a only is not Music difference the things that makes CALIFORNIA TEENAGE is it also but TOUR ing up children, a childhood a and meagre one between

10 FunFilled Days of those indefinable, spiritual links full happy one.

Disneyland between children and parents whose

Live on Fraternity Row—U.S.C. influence can live and grow into

Knott's Berry Farm adolescence. So keep on singing to

with and Studios Movie your child, as he or she How Can I Interest up. grows Parties Beach

Pacific Ocean Park All art that is simple and sincere Nonmembers and Friends?

the development to beneficial of (Continued from page 320) AND MORE is is particularly so children, music but

Fred felt. Keith White and is easily its so rhythm Lange because missionaries. suggest a can They

L.D.S. Schoolteachers poetry of good aloud The reading systematic teaching plan and will be will their act as supervisors wives and is another child's to the suitable age at to participate glad as such times

Tours Esther Contact James are various to do. There good thing call to wish on them. They you may

7th 460 Avenue children's of collections good set for this special apart poetry have been City, Salt Utah Lake

Phones: EM 3-5229, EL 9-8051 to be had, such as Silver Pennies purpose.

and More Silver Pennies and Under Discuss your personal missionary the Tent of the Sky; but some of the plan with your priesthood quorum

older poems are still among the most officers so that your fellow quorum popular. Among them are Eugene members and their wives mav also WHEAT MILL Field's Poems of Childhood, with participate. Develop friends in the

ONLY its "The Gingham Dog and the Church of comparable age and inCalico Cat"(originally entitled "The terests. Supplementing your teach-

$695 Duel") and "The Drum"; Robert ing effort, you must be a living

POSTPAID Louis Stevenson's poems for chilexample of the Church's teachings. ANYWHERE IN dren, and some of the still older Make sure that religion is respected

AMERICA poems, such as "The JohnnyCake,"in the home. Have blessings said

grinds or Cracks and "Willie author unknown, food. together daily. Pray on the

corn wheat, William Miller. and Winkie"by ail kinds hard of patience; pray! Pray; have

grains, or soft min. In bringing music and poetry into Now the most difficult and heartlbs. per ORDER lVl

BY MAIL GUARANTEED your children's lives, don't take the rending case—the husband or wife

attitude that you are trying to dewho is vindictive, bitter, antagonisSPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS velop musicians and poets. The tic, uncompromising, and apparently

PEHRSON HARDWARE andgoal richeris to andmaketo childhoodbring parentshappierand unreasonablereligion is concerned.as far as theThissubjectis anof

2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH children closer together. If, of extremely delicate problem requircourse, you have a child talented in ing great diplomacy, humility, and

one of these arts or in any art, the patience. The first step is the same

talent will show itself in its own as before—pray. But, of course, you

GENEALOGICAL SUPPLY good time, and any help you may have been doing this for years.

HEADQUARTERS have given will not be lost. Don't stop! Next, analyze your reMOST COMPLETE SELECTION Music is called the international lationship with your mate. In many

IN THE WEST BOOKCRAFT, INC.

11 86 SOUTH MAIN

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cases the antagonistic nonmember All this mate does not know enough about tothe Church and its teachings reand more;ject In so them intelligently. many

instances, the Church is used as the "whipping boy,"and upon it are including a vented the ire and disappointment Associated Press of the disinterested for all spouse of the deficiencies (imagined or A. P. Wirephoto Washington, D.C.

otherwise) of the member. The

Church or religion in general reChicago Daily News bureau, leased ceives the blame for everything Chicago Tribune that does not go harmoniously in the Dow Jones Business teletype to home.

What can be done about this? and Financial News

One thing, analyze yourself very cover the closely. Accurately define the things New York News

you are doing that irritate; then New York Times Intermountain

make some changes! Be a better

Worldwide all or wife. disReuters Eliminatehusband Area and 200cords for religion which could posPress United

sibly be blamed. If necessary,

discuss this situation openly. I am International News correspondents

astounded at how often apparently 'intelligent people not carefully do evaluate trouble define causes. assure good news and

Where differences of opinion or difficulties do arise, do not under coverage by any circumstances let the responsibility r *- shifted to be the Church. vlj—gig in this case, religion. respect Again iult ak* SribuncBe tactful but do not compromise ''

the principles of the Church. Do i to:-A

not use church participation as a pawn to be bartered for other privileges—keep the Church on its ownsacred plain. Recultivate the interOver 100 Storage Items

est of your mate—grow close

together. Do not dominate or be

dominated. Discuss the matter

with your bishop and ask for his assistance. Cultivate friends in the

ward with parallel interests. Make

sure you have one assignment in the Church at all times. This will

bring blessings to your home. Persist, pray, persist, and pray!

Do these principles insure success? Of course not. However,

lack of observance of them may well guarantee failure. If you fail where

you could have succeeded, you will deprive yourself of some of God's richest blessings. God does hear

and answer prayers. The Holy

Ghost does touch the hearts of men! A few words under its influSTORAGE SPECIALS FOR MONTH OF MAY: miracles.ence works

Margarine, No. 10 tin—Reg. $2.00 Special $1.79

Potato Flakes, No. 10 tinReg. $1.70 Special $1.49

Sliced Apples (dehydrated), No. 10 tinReg. $1.75.Special $1.57

Hide not your talents, they for use

We Ship Anywhere All Prices F.O.B. Garden Grove were made.

What's a sundial in the shade? COMPLETE STOCK AND PRICE LIST SENT UPON REQUEST

—Benjamin Franklin Distributors for Wards and Stakes Still Needed in Some Areas

DESERET SUPPLY COMPANY P. O. Box 612—Garden Grove, California JEfferson 7-4917

MAY 1961 359 Yow cannot run away from weakness; you mast sometime fight it out or perish;

and if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?—Robert Louis Stevenson

A Freshman was puzzled about the propFather: Tommy, you must not say, "I ain't

er way to address his English professor. goin'."You must say, "I am not going; he

"Should I call you Dr.,"he asked, "or Mrs.?"is not going; we are not going, they are

"Mrs.,"she answered. "I worked harder for it."not going."Tommy: Ain't nobody goin'?

Mrs. A: "So you fired that wonderful maid of yours?"

Mrs. Z: "Yes, with my automatic kitchen and laundry, I had to let her go and hire a mechanic."

"You may have tangible wealth untold; Men are frequently brought,

Caskets of jewels and coffers of gold. As the need becomes urgent,

Richer than I you can never be—From deep pools of thought

I had a mother who read to me."To warm pools of detergent.

—Strickland Gillilan, "The Reading Mother'—Paul Armstrong

|l|iiii!|iiiiiinini|ii|iil||[SicAGreat minds have purposes; others The trouble with the fellow who talks too fast is that he w.

have wishes.—Washington Irving is likely to say something he hasn't even thought of yet.

m <?"S

"The noblest calling in the world is that of mother. True motherhood is the most beautiful of

all arts, the greatest of all professions. She who can paint a masterpiece or who can write a

book that will influence millions deserves the plaudits and admiration of mankind; but she who

rears successfully a family of healthy, beautiful sons and daughters whose immortal souls will be exerting an influence throughout the ages long after painting shall have faded, and books and statues shall have been destroyed, deserves the highest honor that man can give."

—President David O. McKay

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LOWER FIRST COST Brick offers so much more than any other building material... yet its

original cost is surprisingly low.

That's one reason Church building experts prefer Chapels of Interstate

Brick.

LOWER MAINTENANCE COST

Brick is practically maintenance free—its colors and qualities are

almost everlasting. And because

brick is fireresistant, insurance premiums are lower. Then too, brick

maintains its value throughout the years.

ARCHITECTURALLY BEAUTIFUL

Brick adapts well to any style—

from modern to period. Many new

light shades to choose from. Yes,

brick grows more charming with time.... The urge to collect

Men are born with a natural instinct to collect But just how permanent is a man's collection?

things. This urge often shows itself early in life Will it be scattered "from whence it came"when

with a collection of stamps, coins, butterflies, bugs he passes away? Or will it be passed along to his

or maybe even bottle caps. The desire to collect is family when they need it most?

carried on into adult life when a man must acWithout proper insurance a man's collection is cumulate more important things for the comfort a dayto-day thing... placed in jeopardy with

and security of his family. His collection will likely each tick of the clock. If your collection is in a

include a house, business, car and steady income precarious position like this, see your Beneficial that will perpetuate the collection and provide the Life agent. He has an insurance program that can

necessities of life for his loved ones. make any man's "collection"or estate a permanent, everlasting thing.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send information about Q Family Benefactor Planfj] Commercial Whole Life Plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name. Xrpmpanu

Street or RFD Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State