s#>% fy)/jL.

JN THIS ISSUE—

RICHARD R. LYMAN LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

STRINGAM A. STEVENS RALPH B. JORDAN JULY, 193 6

NICHOLAS G. SMITH ARCHER WILLEY Volume 39 Number 7

Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 'fii KSL

.ijlt

KSL Invites You TO RIDE WITH AB JENKINS

.LlNGU He's off on another world record

... this son of Utah who has brought himself

and his state world fame on the Bonneville Salt

Flats! Soon Ab Jenkins will be out there again,

out there on the Salt, driving hour after hour, day and night, to bring distance racing supremacy back to the United States. It's a

thrilling moment in the sports history of the world! Left, above, the KSL shortwave station KNEF, set

up on the Bonneville Salt Flats. Circle, above, Ab

Jenkins in his record dash of 1935 when he averaged 135.477 miles per hour for a 24hour period. Below,

intrepid Jenkins whose flaming comet of speed will soon be seen on the Bonneville Salt Flats. JenkinsExclusively on KSL has driven more than a million miles, on speedway

and highway, without an accident.

When Jenkins pulls his goggles over his eyes, nods It's exclusively a KSL broadcast. KSL's shortwave

to the American Automobile Association officials, transmitter KNEF will be wheeled 120 miles from throws his car in gear and whirls over the solid Salt Lake City to the Jenkins course on the salt.

expanse of Bonneville's salt, KSL will be on the job. A crew of technicians and announcers will be there

You'll have a trackside seat. The roar of Jenkins'on the salt baked to white heat In temperature well

motor, the swish of air in the wake of his speeding over 100 degrees. They'll stay on the job with

car, the dramatic story of the hour on hour record Jenkins until he's done.

he seeks will be brought to you at frequent interHere's a thrilling broadcast. Plan to listen. Keep

vals so you can sit at your radio and yet "ride the tuned to KSL for exact information as to when you salt"with Ab Jenkins. may hear these broadcasts.

THEKSIVOICE OF THE WEST IT HAPPENSKSL IS THR WHEN Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editor Improvement

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. JULY, 1936 VOLUME 3 9

"The Glory of God is Intelligence "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES OTHER ANDCOMING LATTERDAY OF CHRIST OF JESUS

IN AUGUST SAINTS.

A WORLDWIDE OBSERVANCE—THE

STORY OF THE GENERAL CONFERENCES IN MANY LANDS OF THE

ASSOCIATIONS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

INTERNATIONAL BROADCONTENTS AND OF THE

CAST THAT WENT OUT FROM THE TABERNACLE TELL THE MESSAGEIN SALT OFLAKEYOUTHCITY TOTO Lyfiurch C/eatures

YOUTH. The President Speaks to Youth...President Heber J. Grant 395

The President Goes to Dearborn Stringam A. Stevens 397

Pyper 428 George D. Story of Our Hymns DAISY ROLAPP TELLS The ROMNEY—WHO 434; On, 432; Priesthood: Melchizedek. Church Moves The OF THE STORY THE LATE JUDGE

HENRY H. ROLAPP, GERMAN IMMIAaronic, 435; Ward Teaching, 437; The Latterday Saint

INTEGRITY PLACED GRANT LAD WHO

IN OF GOD Exhibit at San Diego, Fred L. Thompson, 446. AND A BELIEF THE WORD

FOREMOST IN HIS LIFE AND WHO ROSE TO A POSITION OF RESPECTED

WEALTH AND PROFESSIONAL EMINENCE. Special C/eatures

"Havilah, Where There is Gold"Nicholas G. Smith 401

LEAH D. WIDTSOE—YOUR BIRTHRIGHT The Story of Sam Brannan Ralph B. Jordan 402

—THE MESSAGE OF THE PIONEERS Spinning the Cables Archer Willey 408

CALL STRONG TO MODERN YOUTH—A

BACK TO THE Fort Sutter and a Tribute to Loyalty Archer Willey 409 TO THE SOIL AND

STABILITY PRINCIPLES OF SUCAND

CESSFUL LIVING THAT AND The Mormons in California Levi Edgar Young 410 ARE BORN

BRED IN THE SOIL. Nothing Seems Impossible Richard R. Lyman 418

Longest Span Built by Man - 422

A Highway OverAdaptedWaterfrom an Article'by JamesJ.ReidG. Bastow 438

COMING SOON The Ram in the Thicket Glynn Bennion 442

THE STORY OF OLD POSEY, THE LAST Desert Sky Hawks Harry Elmore Hurd 444

PAHUTE OUTLAW, BY ALBERT R. Photos, 412, 414, 416; Exploring the Universe, 430; Homing,

LYMAN, AUTHOR OF "THE VOICE OF 433; The Advertisers, 451; Your Page and Ours, 456.

INTANGIBLE."THE

OUT OF THE WILDERNESS THAT SKIRTS THE MEETING CORNERS OF (baitonals COLORADO, FOUR STATES—UTAH,

MEXICO, AND ARIZONA—HAS NEW

TELLS A COME BOOK THAT THE STORY A Pioneering Church John A. Widtsoe 424

OF INDIAN RENEGADE AN AND OUTKeeping Pace with the Pioneers Richard L. Evans 424 HALF FOR LAW MORE THAN WHO

A CENTURY—UNTIL HE WAS KILLED Loyalty Marba C. Josephson -425

THIRTEEN YEARS AGO—DOMINATED

AN INLAND EMPIRE AND DEFIED ALL

REGULATING POWERS. FICTION

PALES BEFORE THIS STORY OF CONFLICT, CONQUEST, AND ROMANCE. CJictiOfi and [Poetry

FOR BEGINNING OF THE WATCH THE Foxtail..... Dorothy Clapp Robinson 427 COLORPOSEY"STORY OF BY A "OLD

FUL WRITER WHO KNEW HIM AS Moving Mountains Walter L. Bailey 431

FRIEND AND AS ENEMY. Frontispiece, Western Silhouette, John Sherman Walker, 394;

Poetry Page, 426.

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: SO North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah the Copyrght igs2, by Young Men's Mutual cJhe Ciover

Cifrporation Association Improvement of Chapel, S. at the and Wilshire Hollywood L. D. Stake House Ward the THE Latterday Saints. Church Christ of of Jesus of Drive, corner Los Angeles, Place Manhattan and Country Club reserved. All rights price, Subscription

$2.00 a year, in advance; zoc Single Copy. California, is one more edifice exemplifying the love of beauty implanted in

at Salt the Entered Post Office, Lake City, erected the of hearts of the descendants building Pioneers, The the Mormon as secondclass Utah, matter. Acceptance cost of at a April dedicated Pope, 28, 1929. Designed $210,000.00 was by for at special rate promailing of postage

vided for in section 1103, Act of October, Burton, Falkenrath, architects, it is modern Gothic with one large dome which authorized 1917, July recremiles. for seen In be to the addition can chapel and commodious many

Itnprot'ement responsible not The Era2, 1918.is hall, class rooms, there are nine ation rooms, Society Relief Scout and Boy for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes

loft, afford choir baptistry. terrace patio ample a an organ and and and will exercise in all care and handling A

contributions. room for those who wish to visit with friends without disturbing the peace

of the chapel.

itself the building clearly etches against of the the blue and sky to solidarity createA MAGAZINE FOR EVERY greenTheof the in landscape hearts of peaceful the a feeling

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY of those who see it.

K < 'f. '4..;

Photograph by Harry Elmore Hard, see pages 444, 445.

Western Silhouette By JOHN SHERMAN WALKER

illimitable sail sagesea they slowly prairie schooners with gray OVERTheTHEroundribbedgreen sails set to the West,

Pushing through highheaved waves of amber dust—they brave the gale,

Of lashing, ripping prairie winds that crush the fullsailed quest.

sails that somber show. Ways all unknown, alone they grope—gray

Tattered against the sunset's neverending golden West;

Gray, groaning galleons of aching hope they slowly go,

Ever with their gray sails set to the bold, forbidding West,

Into the silent leagues of sterile loam they cut a course

TheOn—on—andsteelboundeverwheelson; nothatpreciousturn theminutesship offorstateremorse;towards the West;

West—west—and ever west; no moments even for sweet rest.

Under the scorching sun or freezing sleet the gray sails sag;

But in the blackest night a guiding star shines through the storm;

Marked with the blood of glory is the ragged Pioneer flag;

Noble this gray they use to "lay at sea"some silent form.

Trimmed to the times the scanty sails bear on by dear degrees,

With Pioneer crew and cargo over wild uncharted seas;

"West—Ho!—By West!"the captain's grim command—till voyage shall cease;

With gray sails slack; gray ships at anchor in the Port of Peace.

* I 'he fortyfirst annual conference * of the Mutual Improvement Associations was held in Salt Lake

City, June 11 to June 15 inclusive. Its notable success and outstanding The President

features will be summarized in a later issue of the "Era."President Heber

J. Grant addressed the first general

session Hall in the Assembly on Pri'speaks to youth this day morning, mesJune 12, and sage to youth has been taken from the President's remarks made on that By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

occasion. F THERE IS ANYTHING IN A BELIEF

WHICH INVOLVES AN ETERNITY of all, I hope that in every OF FUTURE EXISTENCE, THERE IS EVERYFIRST home you have the Era. NotTHING."

the withstanding duties many all to their covered impenetrable of place ico, and the one which wasthat at devolve me, the suggesupon... eternal to, very base with care snow? that not others to go he did Ition friends of to have decided

spend some time in writing articles, because he had been there on two Mr. President. I will never vote one

giving personal experiences particumissions. But I told my friend that cent from the public treasury to place

nearer Pacific inch coast the one sent are go where we we Mormonslarly, for the In Era. judgment my

is."than Ivins Boston stay would it now and and Anthonythe in is material our of magazines

time, that particular I suppose calllive At die there unless he were andgreat in value the of Latthe homes terday Saints. I feel that the support ed back. That caused my friend to that Boston was "it,"financially

we have received is very wonderful say that the only religious people he speaking. I know that that is where

Pacific the Railroad their carried was faith Union ever met whoindeed, in had but if there are any homes financially, also life born, the great into daily and as if acted they andthe various stakes wards and where it, Atchison, in Santa Fe and there thought Topeka something wasthis fails splendid to magazine come,

Railroad. were the Mormons. I that will hope young people

I that great not mountain These him answered ranges have it waspersuade your are they youpeople—if faith silver, a matter of the Lattergold, produced with copper morenot that taking have magazine—to Saints, other but a people as precious and metals day have than any we it in the house.

The one and supreme object of all demonstrated that the statement of other part of the United States.

the labor that we as Latterday the Savior is true, namely, that if any man will do the will of the JOSEPH Smith prophesied that weSaints are performing in the Mutual

Improvement Associations, the SunFather he shall know of the docshould be driven to these mounday School, and the Primary Assotrine, and that we had a perfect tains, and that we should become a ciation, is the conversion of our and absolute knowledge; and that is great and mighty people here in the

young people to the divinity of the why we were willing to make sacrimidst of the Rocky Mountains. We

work in which we are engaged. fices for the cause of truth. now have over one thousand wards

To my mind there is nothing more and branches from Canada to Mex-

T RECEIVED a long letter years ago inspiring and nothing that we should ico, and have become in very deed a from the general manager of the become more familiar with than the great and mighty people.

great New York Life Insurance wonderful and remarkable revela- I feel that some of the most reCompany for the entire kingdom of tions that have been given through markable revelations that we have

Great Britain. It was written from the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is a received came even before the

London, and he concluded one of marvelous thing that a young man Church was organized, telling that his paragraphs by saying: "If there should announce to the world that the field was already white, ready

is anything in a belief which inhis name would be known for good to harvest. Brother George Q. Canvolves an eternity of future exisand evil all over the world; and that non baptized over two thousand

tence, there is everything."And he is what has happened. It is a repeople in the Hawaiian Islands.

underscored the words anything and markable thing that he should Wilford Woodruff and Orson Pratt everything, I hope that each and prophesy that this people should be each succeeded in bringing two every one of you will write that driven from city to city, county to thousand or more into the fold. The

sentence, get it in your minds and county, and state to state, and evenfield was indeed white, ready for keep it there. I think it is one of tually be driven to the Rocky Mounharvest. Apparently this is the day

the finest sentiments that has ever tains, which was then considered a of gleaning. If we baptize one, two

been penned. worthless place. or three converts a year for each

I shall not enter into detail as to At that particular time Daniel missionary, we think we are doing why this man wrote a long letter to Webster was supposed to be and very well indeed.

me in answer to a long one that I perhaps was our greatest statesman. During the fiftythree and a fracwrote to him. He came to Utah in Referring to this great western countion years that have passed since I

the early days on the Overland try he said: "What do we want became a member of the Council of

stage, and boarded with my mother with this vast worthless area? This the Twelve Apostles, I have never

and became my nearest and dearest region of savages and wild beasts, found in all my travels at home and friend not of our faith. He wrote me of deserts, of shifting sands and abroad a single solitary thing that

a letter asking regarding Brother whirlwinds of dust, of cactus and has decreased my faith in the divinIvins and what had become of him. prairie dogs? To what use could we ity of this work in which we are

In answer I told him that we had exever hope to put these great deserts engaged. During all of my hfepatriated him and sent him to Mexor those endless mountain ranges. time since childhood I have never

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936 known of one man or woman who I realize that there is a long proThey asked me if I was willing was an honest, conscientious tithegram ahead of you people. I have to work in that capacity. I told

payer, who observed the Word of no desire to make extended remarks them: "Yes.""But I did not tell

Wisdom and who attended his or further than to say that I have althem I had prayed to the Lord to her Fast meetings and Sacrament ways been interested with all my give me the job. We immediately

meetings and partook of the spirit heart and soul in the welfare of called a meeting and we considered of those meetings, to lose his or her the young men and young women of the proposition of starting The Imfaith. I have never known a single our Church. provement Era. I signed my name

incident in all of my travels that has Twice in my life I prayed to the in one year over eight thousand in the slightest way weakened my Lord to be appointed to a position. times to letters that were sent to

faith in the divinity of the work in The first time was when there people, asking them to take that which you and I are engaged. was a disorganization of the general magazine. I contributed $100 a

I am thankful for this. I am superintendency of the Mutual Imyear for three years to a fund to be

thankful that instead of finding provement Associations because of used in sending the Era to the things to weaken my faith day by missionaries free of charge, and day and year by year I am finding The Improvement Era spent over that which strengthens it. In reSPEAKING of the fortyfirst annual $30,000 actual cost afterwards in

I. A., conference the M. of and history of the the Prophetviewing to out the sending that magazine

President conference. Primary Evans, inby Brother Henry their to John missionaries help them in in his said the remarks and ofGrantthe Tab'

other books, many of which I have ernacle, Sunday afternoon, June 14th: work. It has been a success ever

read time and time again, I am con- "I rejoice exceedingly in the splen since, and it is growing all the time.

stantly finding items that strengthen did meetings we have had during this It is worthy of our support.

the the Primary conference and of in faith divinity of the the workmy I capable as near As am that I thing asked of OTHER npHE I Mutuals. I are engaged.in which and you the I think judging, have had of we

the in Lord was this: When this, inrejoice that I recall finest convention ever

I have seen men, even in high having attended, and that is as it Japan, feeling that I was not accomshould be."plishing anything, I went out intoplaces—as high as it is possible toreach in this Church. I have seen the woods and got down on my

them fall and gradually die spiritknees and told the Lord that whenually; and in every case it has been the failure of one of the men in that ever He was through with me there,

because of neglect of duty; it has superintendency to retain his standwhere I was doing nothing, I would

been because of failing to live up ing in one of the high positions in be very glad and thankful if He to the requirements of the Gospel the Church. I got down on my knees would call me home and send me to

of the Lord Jesus Christ. There is and I asked the Lord to call me to Europe to preside over the European

no one thing that has made a more be one of the superintendency of the missions. A few days after that

profound impression upon my mind Young Men's Mutual Improvement a cable arrived: "Come home on

than the statement that "ObediAssociation. The Contributor was the first boat."And I went home.

ence is better than sacrifice, and a very splendid magazine, one of Brother Joseph F. Smith said to

to hearken than the fat of rams."the very finest magazines the Church me: "Heber, I realize you have

Those who are obedient to the comhas published, I am willing to not accomplished anything in Japan.

mandments of the Lord, those who make the assertion that if you will We sent you there for three years, live up to the requirements of the look through the volumes of the Conand I want you to put in the other

Gospel, grow from day to day and tributor, you will find that they are year in England, if you are willing."

year to year in a testimony and a full of good matter, worthy of the 1 said, "I am perfectly willing."

knowledge of the Gospel, and a deattention of any Latterday Saint. Later I went in to bid him goodtermination to encourage others to It had died a natural death because bye and said: "I will see you in

investigate the plan of life and salof the lack of support on the part a little over a year."

vation. of the people. He said, "Oh no, I have decided

to make it a year and a half."We find recorded in the Doctrine We had no magazine, and there

and Covenants that if we labor all were no meetings of the general I said, "All right, multiply it by the days of our life and save but board, except that they met once two, and do not say anything about one person, great shall be our joy in about every six months. I realized it to me."And he did.

with that person in the life to come. that they ought to meet every week, I want you young people to know

And if that one person is only our that they should come together and that in all my labors I got nearer to dear selves, that is the thing that converse and work out programs. I the Lord, and accomplished more,

counts. There is nothing that will prayed to the Lord that I might be and had more joy while in the miscount so much with you officers chosen as one of the general supersion field than ever before or since.

who are directing these great Imintendency. The very next day Man is that he may have joy, and

that office. in the mission the joy I had president's in the I was when suprovement Associations—every

ever superior I have to any to field was F. Smith said President Joseph the perintendent, every president of

Young Men's and Young Women's President Woodruff who was then experienced elsewhere. Get it into

Associations, and every ward and also General Superintendent of the your hearts, young people, to pre-

I. A.: "Brother Woodpare yourselves to go out into the stake board member—as living the Y. M. M.

Gospel in very deed. By so doing ruff, I believe you ought to have two world where you can get on your

you will have a power and influence other counselors in the superintendknees and draw nearer to the Lord that will even enable you to bring ency of the Young Men's Mutual. than in any other labor.

some of the wayward back into that I suggest that Brother Grant here That the Lord may help you to do -straight and narrow path that leads and Brother B. H. Roberts be counso is my humble prayer and I ask it in

to life eternal. selors as well as myself."the name of our Redeemer. Amen.

The PRESIDENT GOES TO DEARBORN By STRINGAM A. STEVENS

A ND TWICE IN AS MANY DAYS THE MORE

THAN TWELVE HUNDRED DELEGATES TO

THE Farm Chemurgic and Chemical Foundation MEET, INCLUDING AmERICA's GREATEST NAMES

IN Agriculture, Industry, and Science, spontaneously ROSE TO their FEET AND BURST INTO prolonged applause in tribute TO Heber J,

Grant, friendmaking President of the MorAssociated Press Photo reproduced by Courtesy mon Church.

AP and Salt Lake TribuneTelegram.

"MR. GRANT AND MR. FORD HIT IT OFF

SPLENDIDLY."—TIME, MAY 25, 1936.

HENRY FORD AND THE PRESIDENT \N-TALK IT OVER'// Ctringamot the Generala. Stevens,Committeea memberof the

new! t'Organized Chucchwide Setry, and Science, sponsored by the

curity Program, a member and o/ the Chemical Foundation and the Farm VlTIME says: the General Board o/ Young Men's organization Chemurgic Council, an

Association, Improvement Mutual the asChemurgicians WEEK it objective the t4 LAST is "to advance President's appearwhose }or the arranged their Dearsembled second for industrial use of farm proAmerican the accompanied program, ance on than 1,200 Conference. born More

him to Dearborn, and was witness ducts through applied science."As representatives turned up for the

to one of the greatest tributes ever an indication of the progress being threeday session, about four times as representative a accorded of last the Indeed, year. Conas in chemical the many research of one the made Christ Jesus Church of Latterday of to the transferred be ference had from speakers stated that over huntwo life author, Saints. has whose The to the BookCadillac Inn Dearborn

chemicals, dred intimate filled with memories thousand been new many Detroit. in Hotel Henry Next to

Presiassociation with frequent and derived the products of them from the disinguished guest Ford, was most gives eyewitness here Grant, dent an the President Grant, Heber of agriculture, of J. discovered been have

thrilling scene the account of when ]esus Christ Latterday Church of of fifteen in the last years. America's acclaimed "Who's Who"learn,'Saints. to said here 7 am

in the in session the vigorous a Conference prophet Lord was The of leader. that venerable Mormon

life. eightieth his year of for continuously three days, it hit May "Mr. Grant Mr. and Ford off

12th to 14th inclusive, and nearly splendidly..."May 25, 1936, p. 73.

one hundred eminent men, all disPerhaps tinguished in their respective fields, no representative of the were invited to address the various due University; Dr. E. R. Weidlein,

Church was ever accorded a meetings. The roster of participants Director, Mellon Institute of Ingreater ovation by an audience included such names as Mr. William dustrial Research, PresidentElect,

of nonmembers than that which was J. Cameron of the Ford Motor ComAmerican Chemical Society; Mr.

given President Heber J. Grant folpany; Mr. Francis P. Garvin, AsFred W. Sargent, President, Chilowing his address to more than sistant AttorneyGeneral of the cago and Northwestern Railway

twelve hundred of the country's United States during the Wilson Company; Dr. Arthur W. Hixson,

leading scientists, industrial execadministration, and now President Chemical Engineer, Columbia Uniutives, and agricultural leaders at the of the Chemical Foundation and the versity; Mr. Floyd F. Kishline,

BookCadillac Hotel in Detroit on Farm Chemurgic Council; Dr. C. Chief Engineer, GrahamPaige

Tuesday evening. May 12. The oc- M. A. Stine, Vicepresident, E. I, Motors Corporation; Mr. Morris

casion was the Second Dearborn duPont de Nemours and Company; Sayre, VicePresident, Corn ProConference of Agriculture, IndusDr. E. C. Elliott, President of Purducts Refining Company; Dr. F. N.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

Peters, The Quaker Oats Company; being driven from their homes, and

Mr. R. E. Coleman, Manager, Plasin building a commonwealth in the

tics Department, General Electric "wilderness a thousand miles from

Company; Mr. T. B. Munroe, Vicethe outposts of civilization;"of the

President, The Celotex Corporagreat leadership of Brigham Young tion; Dr. Alonzo E. Taylor, Direcand his admonition to the people to

tor, Food Research Institute, Stankeep out of debt. "Pay as you go,"

ford University; Mr. E. E. Ware, said President Grant. "I am a firm

SherwinWilliams Company; Dr. believer that this is good advice to

C. C. Concannon, Chief, Chemical an individual, to a city, to a county,

Division, U. S. Department of Comor a state, and,"he added with

merce; Dr. Firman E. Bear; Director emphasis, "this applies with equal

of Agricultural Research, American force to a nation."A rousing apCyanide Company; Dr. Edward plause greeted this declaration. He

Bartow, President, American Chempointed to the fact that "the nation ical Society; Dr. George H. Harthat is strongest is the one that is

rison, Professor of Physics, Massamost selfreliant "and that what is chusetts Institute of Technology; true of nations is true of individuals.

Mr. Edward A. O'Neal, President, He stated that "the early history of

American Farm Bureau Federation. STRINGAM A. STEVENS Utah is practically the history of

Brigham Young."

for of them, the safety good and opinion,""In Presithe said my list the so of And "Who's Who"society. believe that govno We dent, the "Brigham was Young couldnames prolonged be throughin exist peace, except can ernment greatest colonizer that pioneer and entire register theout of than more inare laws held such framed and ever has produced. America Hetwelve participants hundred and violate will indito as secure each full for his credit acgave alwaysdelegates. sufficient these are But free exercise of vidual the conto the complishments, however, itto establish the of gathering type science, right control the of and of the of Jesus founder Church at Dearborn.was life."protection property, the of and Saints, the of Christ Latterday President to Grant asked was liked that statement audience The Smith, Prophet Joseph Jr."speak on Domestic Sugar Sup- "A its approval. hearty and showed in the the early Pioneers Howply,"subject a about which few men briefly to referred President Grant 50's, the their of direction underin so are well informed. America the the hardships through which leader, great machinery brought large in audience, gathered theThe gone, people spoke had and Mormon facto build sugar France from aspacious the of grand ballroom in their of fortitude courage and it tory, the freighted from Misand Hotel,BookCadillac composed was

of thoughtful, earnest, eminent men souri River to the Salt Lake valley who had come from all corners of by ox teams, was dramatically rethe nation for a serious purpose The Detroit Free Press lated. The story of the financing

of erection the first beet sugar and establishto help a rational order TALKS LEADER for MORMON built factory in the States Unitedthe of independence economic AmerFORD WITH with machinery, in 1891, American each speaker concludedica. As Septuagenarians Young his Two at Lehi, thirty miles from Salt Lake greeted heremarks was Ideas with modon the Future Trade

erate applause. HT'he vision that is the natural herCity,In conclusioncreated greatthe interest.President told itage the youth was bond of that of the importance of fostering and in seventies, theXJST'hen President Grant stepped to united both men, two

the rostrum, his vital, dynamic who met Tuesday noon at the presupporting American labor, agriculpersonality seemed immediately to convention luncheon of the Second ture, and home industry, and of the impress itself upon his audience. The Dearborn Conference of Agriculture, great benefits which would accrue to

Science. andofficial printed program merely stated Industry, were Henry Ford and the nation if this policy were mainThe two

that the speaker was "Mr. Heber Heber J. Grant. Introduced to one tained.

J. Grant, President, L. D. S. Church, another at Dearborn Inn, they began In concluding his remarks. PresiSalt Lake City, Utah."As the Pres- a conversation that continued dent Grant made the following

ident began speaking, his remarkthroughoutMr. Granttheis luncheonthe Presidentperiod.of the statement regarding the new Securable voice rang out, and the great Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ity Program of the Church: "You

sincerity, honesty, and human kindSaints. As such he heads eight hunwill pardon me for announcing that

liness of the man, shone in his face. dred thousand adherents of the Morthe leading officials of the Mormon

Before he had uttered a half dozen monInvitedfaith. here by the Farm ChemurChurch have requested the members

sentences a wave of friendliness gic Council to address the sessions of the Church who are in good seemed to hold his hearers, who lisof the men who are striving to solve standing to discontinue receiving retened with rapt attention. the problem of farm surpluses by lief from the government, except in

"We believe that governments admittedwider industrialthat heuseknewof fieldlittlecrops,of whathe cases where wages are paid for serwere instituted of God for the benethese men propose to do. vices rendered. This announcement

fit of man,"quoted the President "I am here to learn,"said the rewas made less than a month ago, from the solemn declaration made ligious leader who is nearing his and thus far the people are respondthat birthday. added He our ing in a splendid In one of way. huneightieth the Smith a Prophetby Joseph hopes he to convey what he learns

officials counties have at Kirtland, years the Churchdred "and ago into his vitally followers, are whothat He holds men accountable for terested in agriculture.—From the arranged that every person shall

their acts in relation to them, both Detroit Free Press, May 13, 1936. have the use of at least one acre of

in making laws and administering ground on which to produce all the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936 vegetables that his family may good humor. Then he changed the Nauvoo, and of the bitter night when

need."mood to one of solemn thoughtfulnine babies were born on the river ice

As the last word was spoken, that ness by telling of the monument that and many perished cruelly. Tense

great assembly of great men, as if is being erected at Florence, Nebrasfeeling hushed his hearers.

motivated by a single impulse, rose ka, in memory of a people who sufThen, changing to a lighter vein to their feet and applauded long and fered persecution for their honest bethe President left his audience enthusiastically. Scores of eager liefs. He told of the exodus from in warm humor, and again, as he

men crowded around President concluded, for the second time in as

Grant and shook his hand. Throughmany days, that great audience of

out the audience could be heard such great men spontaneously arose and statements as, "That was worth The Detroit News says: persistently applauded their hearty

coming from New York to hear,"SCIENTISTS HEAR PROPHET approval and respect. President

and "I'd go a hundred miles any day Mormon Leader Here on Their Grant was given the only rising to hear that kind of talk."Invitation ovation during the conference and

until from that moment And left Detroitident for home, Grant PresAs keyMENtowhothe believefuture oftheyscience,hold theinitspontaneouslywas repeatedasthethesecondfirst. time as

he was the center of attention and dustry and agriculture gathered in Immediately preceding the openthere today, councils here compli- a Convention, came ing of theeasily the outstanding most high and another them a prophet of among at was given luncheon mentary personality at the confertalked of thoueight hundred kind, one whom ence. Wherever he went, men shook sand persons look upon as privileged Dearborn Inn to the speakers aphis hand and congratulated him on to hear the voice of the Almighty. pearing on the conference program

Prophet, is Grant, Heber J. He guests, specially invited and other lobIn hotel address.his splendid the Church Revelator of and President included and Grant of which atbies, in conference rooms, Saints. Latterday Christ the SeerJesus of

banquet table, and on the street, he He is here to speak before the Farm members of his party, consisting of mingled with these fine, represenChemurgic Council and hear how his secretary, Joseph Anderson, cotton, roads plan of to make of the President S. Hinckley, Bryant felmen spirit in thetative of good men

trees, swift pine clothing and from the States Mission, and Northern friendships werelowship, and new cattle feed. machines from

made on every hand. Nearly eighty years old and the writer. Other Utahns in attendance

last son of his father's sixth wife. were Brigham S. Smoot, General

/N THE second evening of the conGrant is more widely known as the Superintendent of the UtahIdaho

Church, the of Mormon the president at a held at vention, banquet Dr. Francis and Sugar Company to Salt took Brigham which Young Statler, formal a program hadHotel address of welKirkham. An Smith, after City its W. Joseph Lake

been planned including music by father, was slain in Carthage, Illinois, come was delivered by William J.

the ChryslerPlymouth male quarin 1844. Cameron of the Ford Motor Comthirty those Mormons, How tet, distinguished and talks by two President this luncheon. thoupany, At plains across toiled the of whom the Council's sand guests. Mr. Garvin, seated Ford were Henry Grant and set providtheir to about new home,

witty Irish presiding officer, was ing the first machines in America together at the head table and both toastmaster, and shortly before the which could make sugar from beets, enjoyed this informal visit which will story the which Grant be or without began, warningprogram will lasted for about and a half. an hour

tell tonight. leaned previous over and notice he son, Edsel, and and his Mr. Ford it as is not But them that one of

asked President Grant, who was sithe will mingle with those gathered all of the leading men of their great ting next to him in the place of honor, here today. He came at the bidding organization were exceedingly gratheir council, as leaders the of the of if he would respond with a few recious to President Grant and extheir will guest, take news and he ofmarks. every courtesy. tended him to his plans peogreat with him back

agreed, President and Mr. The in City. Salt Tonight he ple Lake feaenjoyable of the most One

later rose to introduce him Inn, will at Garvin the and speak Dearborn trip the his of to Detroit tures was his followers next evening Thursday that explanation thewith many who visit historical Greenfield to Ford's will their in church. hear him of the not heard one Convenhad relittle particularly to the these Village "I what and men of know

tion's distinguished the guests on "7 said. to he doing,"here are am it as Laboratory stored was Edison

evening, previous and tell many learn, to who our something and of at originally constructed Menlo in industry Utah."sugar that prehad, requested had he be this In building Jersey. Park, New leader, seventh man Mormon The inagain. the Anticipating sented the invented Edison Alva it Thomas to to position, this hold high came troduction, burst again the audience

the laws eighteen years ago. Under the phonograph, lamp, incandescent

before the President's into applause eldest faith the Twelve of the of his marvels of other hundreds and given, the the takes had been Apostles and Church it was ofname civthe have revolutionized which president. Erect, place deceased a of difficulty that Garvin with Mr. was

belies vigorous, bearded. Grant and to finish his introduction. able IS OF SECTION THE A SMALL BELOW SHOWN is his great age. powerHis

HALL BANQUET HOTEL STATLER ten about President spoke Grant his the ful manner and hearty—Promspeech DELEINTHEDETROIT, ON EVENING THE WHEN his of beginning minutes, with Detroit some Tuesday, News, ROSE May TO CONFERENCE DEARBORN 12, TAKENGATES THE

best stories which were appreci1936. TODAYSTHEIRTO FEETAPPLAUDFOR THEANDSECONDCHEERTIMEPRESIDENTIN TWO

atively received by an audience in HEBER J. GRANT.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

Before returning home, a call was at Charles result on General in Chicago of his appearance Asa The Detroit Evening Times made ** the Conference Second Dearborn former VicePresident G. Dawes, says: appreciation expressions many of States of former United and Amto President Grant, have come among

to the delegate oldest second 'T'he Britain, to bassador Great whose letter written date under them a of '- agricuU conference Dearborn of friendship personal President with B. 27, Carl 1936, from Mr. May

tiite, its is science, industry, also and Pritsche, Director the of Managing Clark, President Grant, Senator entertaining speaker, most although Council, which Chemurgic from Form Smoot, McCarthy, and Wilson nothing admits he about he knows is the following paragraph quoted:—

is either well other agriculture, science. industry, or known. Utahns "/ that delighted such you had am is TQyearold Grant, Heber J. He

at the splendid time a fiftyfive years, Dearborn since Conover he For president the Jesus Church of of that ference. agrees Everyone you in his a early twenyoung was Saints, man Christ Latterday common of

stole the fine a and added show ly called the Church. ties. Mormon He President has Grant Heber J. it, to that flavor meeting a which of City, Salt comes Utah. Lake from traveled extensively been has and sort needs."always "I don't they asked know why me for his friends making Church and here declared, speaker,"as "be'a he

letter also addressed another Prom all in his principal of the people tell I can't cause anything. But you

to the President Grant and from same I learn."can cities in of as well as America, many writer, 28, dated 1936, quote: we May In voice, bass booming a and countries. early foreign Since an I just "Dr. Barnard have and comstraight standing the as ramrod, a

1 pleted visit the task editing to Herculean in the of 883, York when New bewhiskered old then launched man to condensing the words, 225,000 and that metropolis place"of "show into was semipolitical a humorous, speech 300,000 stenographic record word of nearly which brought one thousand sixstory the InLife Equitable new the sessions the Dearborn Second of to their delegates cheering feet and tallest Building, the surance then in Conference. proceedings The whistling in the ballroom grand of

illustrations until in printed structure including America, he now, form the last night. BookCadillac Hotel

fill will a volume about hunfour of friendship the has and formed met philosophized half for hour an He pages. dred evils the on public selfof private eminent of and men. many Few this task completed, allow "With debt, the initiative, value private of in enjoyed have America men made to to express the appreciation you me the privilege old age, the of and rich this so experience as an has the the Council genuine confor of

... scenic Utah.. splendor of The

tribution to the success you made of of noble son a mother, widowed Detroit Times, 13, Evening 1936. May

the Conference. Second father he died nine whose when was

I the the think whole, Con- "On is old. the at today, days He represenference a was membership

ilized world. Here President Grant threshold of his eightieth year, the tative cross section of the most proin gressive thought integrity, America. personification of honesty, Theymet Francis Jehl, of one Edison's conviction were with all men of deep all fair dealing, generosity, the andchief assistants during those memwill settled that purpose a must and other virtues of rugged and manly accomplished."beorable days. Jehl, seventyMr. now

pioneers. the is a shining exHe old,seven years President and

Grant soon became warm friends, as ample to the youth of the land and the story of Edison and his invenhis life is a lasting monument to the the Church he is truly the "Ambastions was related. value of work, persistence, and the sador of Good Will and Friendship

is the to the World"and is beloved at Another pleasant experience was spirit of "neversay-die."He

the visit to the home of Edgar A. friend of every man, regardless of home and abroad for his human

Guest, whose charming poetry and race or creed and he can always see kindness and noble character. The

homely philosophy have warmed the good in every human being. unprecedented ovation by America's

the hearts of millions and who has By his wide personal contacts. "Who's Who"at the second Dearlong been a friend of President President Heber J. Grant has born Conference of Agriculture, InGrant. Visits with Harvey Firemade more distinguished and dustry, and Science is a notable tribstone, another old acquaintance, and worthy friends for his Church than ute to the entire Church and its great

with several of the leading bankers can be numbered and his influence prophetleader.

and other prominent men 61 Detroit for good can never be measured.

and Chicago were made. In comAs the friendmaking President of PRESIDENT"TALK IT OVER"GRANT AND HENRY FORD

pany with Howard J. Stoddard, now

a prominent banking official in Detroit, the party visited Avard Fairbanks, Utah sculptor, at the University of Michigan, at Ann Arbor, and inspected a model of the beautiful monument to be erected this summer in honor of the six hundred

Saints who perished at Florence,

Nebraska, in the winter of 1846.

On the last evening of President

Grant's stay in Detroit, an inspirational meeting of the Church members and missionaries in Northern

Michigan and nearby Canada was held in the beautiful chapel on Sorrento Street, over three hundred fifty being in attendance. Of this

number twentyone were missionaries.

GENESIS 2:11 Havilah

ISWHERE THERE n GOLD By NICHOLAS G. SMITH

President o[ the CaU[ornia Mission

TThe story of Hannah Miller, age ninetytwo, who

SITS ALONE IN A DESERTED VILLAGE OF KeRN RiVER

Canyon where thousands once stampeded for yellow dust.

She says, as the end of her days comes closer, "It would make no matter where I was... THE GoSPEL OF JeSUS ChrIST

IS true and Joseph Smith is a Prophet of the living God."

Of all the canyons of Southern California, Flat—that now is Kernville—and Havilcih Kern River Canyon is by long odds the and Isabella—these were the gold camps of

mightiest. California of the South.

Its uppermost reaches drain the highest land in the United States, the cold, white western slopes of Mount Whitney, and are Incorporated in the article was a the melting fed of eternal snows. by

road's picture of a sweetfaced Sister than forty miles beyond For more end at Fairview the canyon of the Kern Hannah Miller, ninetytwo years continues into the deep heart of the high of age, Havilah pioneer. A half

Sierra country, wilderness as much today column was devoted to her and to the as when first white man stopped to Havilah, which at one time was a waters. its icy drink

In Southern California's history, no less city of some thousands of people than its geography, Kern River Canyon during the early mining days. Kern

Willard S. Photo Mr. by Courtesy Wood. after large. years In seven 1855, looms is as and rugged River Canyon MILLERHANNAH APPEARS AT AS SHE THE at Sutter's gold discovery of Marshall's all is in there beautiful as 92. a gorge OFAGE in considerable discovered Mill, gold was

quantities in Kern River Canyon, the Sierra Nevadas.

It was a discovery hailed with joy by Today Havilah is deserted. And

citizens, with watched Angeles had Los who 19th, 1936, April the Los Anwould one passing along that wayQn Franof the tremendous growth San envy {Concluded 452) on page published geles an Examiner state the of part northern the cisco and article entitled the "Glamorous Past as a result of the gold rush to the central A BRONZE TABLET COMMEMORATES THE FACT

OF SEAT COUNTY THE HAVILAH THAT WAS California that Sierra. Southern It meant Recalled,"of TIME COUNTY THE COUNTY FROM THE Kern River KERN Canyon in at least in to share measure some was 1873. TO THE 1S66 ESTABLISHED WAS

that the of tide North fortune the golden interesting storycontaining a most CHAPTER OF SECOND FROM INTHE COMES NAME

IS GOLD."THERE "HAVILAH, GENESIS: WHERE enjoying. was of exciting the gold rush theof days DAYS OF TYPICAL CABIN GOLD RUSH THE A the sixties, late fifties, and in the So IN SUCH ONEIS AS THE BACKGROUND, well SEEN THE

seventies, River the the towns of Kern into fifties.early H. C. Written by MILLER. John STILL OCCUPIED BY HANNAH

ol theStingle it reads in part: Angeles.country wereKaysville,names toQuartzburg,conjure withWhiskeyin Los Photograph UsedLos byAngelesCourtesyExaminer.

THE STORY OF SAM BRANNAN Mormon Colonizer, California's First

Millionaire, San Francisco's First

Vigilante

By RALPH B. JORDAN

Pacific Coast Division News Manager o[ International News Service

'T'he outstanding figure in the historic '49 days of

SAMUEL California and the turbulent decade immediBRANNAN ately following was Sam Brannan, a Mormon

Elder, who rose to the heights, plunged to the depths, redeemed himself and died at peace. His

life, presented herewith, is one of the most colorful and interesting in American history.

1846, came ice ofNEWroaringYear'sin onDay,a wave that the editor should charter a vessel and clouds for the fixtures, as also press and take his editors of and snow—and and the AUTHOR a comTHE branches, Saints. the EasternLatterday Saints from of pany to wish Era"Improvement "The

In the MiddleWest, with the by way of Cape Horn, to California, as the acknowledge with appreciation the their to point that travel to from distance inwhose Macdonald Aird aid of W. Brigdead,Prophet Smith Joseph the in destination MounRocky probable at the research firsthand valuable for the preparing was Youngham great, not thought, be so would tains, it was activities sites and Brannan's of Sam

great trek to the mountains. In New and the trip would be attended with much whose photographs of Sam Brannan

York, beset by grave problems, sevless expense. At the same time those who scenes have materially enhanced the

for themselves to sufficient buy means this had historical value of color and of the Churcheral hundred members their to outfits advised make teams were and PresiMacdonald. Aird W. of gathered the wing underwere there Saints to join the to Nauvoo, way Stake of the and article.dent Oakland ofSamuel Brannan, presiding Elder. journey westward... Mormon Church, writes as follows:the

the laid before Brannan Samuel "Elder Francisco a San I was "While man. Elder Samuel An amazing authe instructions his from assignan covering newspaperman, deepchested,Brannan: to directing go him broadconferencethorities Church, of the in Calistoga, California—eighty mentshouldered, six feet in height, sportby water to California, and he called upon miles northeast from San Francisco—

ing sideburns and an imperial, the those who desired to go with him to give / first learned of Brannan's activities in of their December trail the end names. the started By there, on which me flashing a black eyesdress of dandy,

(the through announced Brannan (1845) as he was old Mormon'of 'that like that a voiceand boomed the paper) York Messenger there. a Church been most It has N&w known

thunder, that he had chartered the ship Brooklyn, triguing quest. Few men haveinlessee the tons, month, at per the $1,200 450 the heights, swayed reached at of "I roared have here,"Brannan

sailing charges. time for port to or in the pay sunk The fame, power, baskedhis congregation, "permission from

first 1846, for 24, life January announced the that measure to the depths, was the Church authorities to take ship the fare was fixed at $50 for adult person, of this courageous freebooter."

to the West Coast. It shall be done."with $25 additional for provisions; children

Describing this "permission"doc-... to go for half fare."

in of Office Historian's theuments it flour three complete said done, should ing be equipment, Brannan in Saltthe Lake Church Mormon it little filled other mills, the plows, harrows, and and was done. He this to say:City have sailed out ship commodities, useful than two with and Brooklyn, more

"In November, 1845, Orson Pratt, who hundred* Latterday Saints, printof New York harbor bound fox San presided over the branches of the Church Francisco Bay, although all he knew in the Eastern and Middle states, issued his Documents in the Church Historian's of his destination was that it was in to thefarewell Saints applimessage those office say: soon 300 were "There

parts, for prior his departure of somewhere on the West Coast. to taking in Naucants for passage and the Brooklyn,

in their to join westSaints the removal finally passage,voo took that con238 number adventure? But Sam A great

It that the decided sistingward. been 100 had Mesof 70 and 68 men, women adventurer. a great Brannan was

in in publishedsenger, a paper three York or children. persons two were There New twenties, early in his he was Then interest the ofthe Samuel Church, also by the of went not Church members who

Brannan, should suspend publication, and with the company. fearless, clever, and generous; also

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

tion. Brigham Young led his people "\\7hen the Brooklyn resumed her

overland through the wilderness; weary way, one hundred fifty

Sam Brannan, under Church direcrifles were stacked beneath her biltion, took his colony of Mormon lowing canvas. But even so, it is

Pioneers by sea. He stalked the probable that her passengers were

pitching deck of the little Brooklyn unaware of the bold plans of their like a Napoleon, drilled his men like leader to fly into a private war of his a top sergeant, and laid out a set of own with the republic of Mexico.

rules for men and women alike to Brannan was that cunning.

follow or "suffer the consequences."After a total of six months on the

The Brooklyn beat down the east high seas the Brooklyn sailed coast of America day after day and through the Golden Gate on July week after week. On board bugles 31, 1846, and into San Francisco

blared. "Attention!"barked BranBay, already so named by the imnan at his men. "To your work,"he aginative traveler, John C. Fremont.

cried to the women, who made up His eyes alight with the fires of conthe cabins and cooked. The whole quest and adventure, Brannan

ship was on schedule hour by hour stared eagerly at the tiny hamlet of and even the winds seemed to heed Yerba Buena—the San Francisco

the RALPH B. JORDAN it. to be—as it clung miserably to

sandhills. born. him steep boy was "Name A

in sixty fifty people or over "Not his birth,"of the after ocean fall Atlantic rise the and story THIS of INTO letmurmured, Brannan the town,"it Atlantic was. suggested. Brannan one-- owned once who man of the three the over his run eyes ting San onefifth of the fourth Horn. rounded of Sacramento, Brooklyn The

crew, the including sixty who hundred and one Francisco Pacific,"hundred, born. "Call her girl was A

in Angeles Los land acres of rails thousand the Brooklyn. of the lined irrepressible the Brannan. the proposed breathed has author the county, resistreal should no be "There Pacifiic her name. was California's one of roaring spirit of

ance."historic figures. Ralph colorful most

member of the The highroad of the Pacific at that a formerly B. Jordan, And then his fiery gaze fell on

bishopric of the Oakland ward of the time led to the Sandwich (Hathe flagstaff of the Mexican customshigh route among ranks from the Islands Church, waiian) on Mormon in centhe the Adobe,"house, "Old this in of March and newspapermen, to China. Boston and York New Plaza. ter He of sandblown the divi'Coast Pacific made year was ever stray ships on touched Only snapin astonishment. For International gulped sion manager of news

News service, at which time INS the California coast. One fine spring ping in the breeze was not the flag of

said of him: day Brannan sailed into Honolulu Mexico, but the Stars and Stripes.

"The new coast news chief came to harbor and found Commodore six years Service International News with the frigate Congress. Stockton MOUND BRANNAN'S and a reporter as with a record ago erected Brannan mound, this Sam

established editor already had which to California,"vast domain. his "I'm going view to which Sam aFiomhighthetowertop fromof

.. and gusto great with that 'tops'in here West. It Sam the from was as him a Stockton, take to boasted "and vinehis vast Calistoga to visitors his pride showed in Salt educated Lake "Reared and vallfey seventy picturesques fertile in this and yards called Francisco place on San Bay Salt the a became athlete at Lake This mound City Francisco. an and of San miles north

native plants many brought for garden, tropical the Sam from Mexicans. Yerba Buena University and Utah School, of High

trees, planted large palm the two Note Mexico. of turned College, State Jordan Utah for air. I'm going to build in a city the feet There On eighty towering now Sam, by

college writing. to plants. sports first His Century cacti and still hill found are the States. people the United and my and swim bath are right, the at the buildings The interrupted career was newspaper and

boiling their spout geysers steaming the where pools, battalion I've of welldrilled got a in which the he World by War air. the feet into fifty water

officer. as a machine served gun He I Macdonald. Aird Photograph by W. but guns."men need

returned to finish college and go through the Salt Lake newspaper mill "

scheming, ruthless, and ambitious:

a flaming paradox of good and bad.

Born in Maine in 1819, he had started his adventuring early, pushing into the wilds of Ohio, where, at the age of 17, he purchased his time from a printer to whom he had been bound out and became a traveling printer and journalist. A publication failed him in New Orleans, another in Indianapolis. He wandered

into New York, heard a Mormon missionary, embraced the newlyrestored Gospel enthusiastically and started publishing the Messenger for the Church.

Then came the westward migra403

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 19 36

Old Adobe and published Yerba Buena's first newspaper, the Cali- [ornia Star.

"This paper,"he editorialized, "will eschew with the greatest caution everything that tends to the propagation of sectarian dogmas."

Sam kept his word and apparently set a pace for the other Latterday

Saints, for a historian sets forth that "none of the Mormons seemed at pains to make converts."It might

also be added that most of the members of his party drifted away from

Photograph by W. Aird Macdonald, Francisco to be, at least the first in the Church, their slack enthusiasm

letting slide further further and them CALISTOGA English. bartender named A British faith their into the from world which east Looking capital on Street, of Calistoga, Main the later recorded decades two Brown witli whicli, its Brannan's empire, spouting steaming, of robbed them swallowed them and

geysers and hot he baths, as hoped mud to make it in that his memoirs good was "as as famous Saratoga. their York's has it that inheritances. Legend glorious New

Brannan intended to call it "Saratoga"but having a sermon as anyone would wish to thickly freely imbibed continues too before the the hisceremonies, "However,"significantly that hear,"but added stuttered the understood clerk as something that torian, maintained "the Mormons let it "Calistoga."a sport, Satn stand, Being good will persons doubt no "many now

in later pride and the he showed word some new Gentiles. relations with the good of his surprised to learn be (Brancoined. had

intelliindustrious, is large building great at white The were right Sam's the men The in that serving capacity."

hotel built house guests. to Brannan one hundred was nan's) publicspirited; gent, the women his generous host, after friends a his Francisco when and San days sermon Sam A few

geysers the furnished weekends, migrated to over Sam chaste, children the wellbehaved."first cerethe performed marriage everything. royally dined. They were and wined

of his the long, of guests when some complained And BatYerba Buena the Mormon The in Yerba Buena under mony ride hot dusty built and 27mile from a Napa, Sam to drill continued and soon "I talion'says: American railroad planted flag. Brown the trees sides shade both and on

entire still distance. great trees of these Many

these links border the paved state that highway two never enjoyed myself, at any gathwas put to a test tinged with humor.

trees towns. tall graceful popare the Many of these it thus: "Lieuin- about ering, as general Brown wrote I did there. A

of lars so characteristic settlements In Utah. Mormon the all... tenant from vitation Portsto Watson, extended was

everyone returned to their homes mouth, used to rap on my window

Captain John B. Montgomery on the perfectly satisfied and ready to prolate at night and say as a pass word,

United States sloop Portsmouth had nounce the first wedding a grand 'The Spanish are coming,'so I could beaten Sam to Yerba Buena by three success."fill his jug. One night I didn't hear

weeks. Brannan seemed destined to be Watson. He rapped and rapped

"I swore at that American flag,"first in everything in Yerba Buena

Brannan said years later. "I could for he next became the first defend- 'Not to be confused with the Mormon

that from marched Brigham have torn That's it down. in in how ant strugBattalion the a trial by jury

in to the party defense Young's the Eastbadly to take the town I wanted gling community. charged was He California. of Southern

myself."by his fellow Latterday Saints with

Sam Brannan and his fellow pasmisusing funds he had collected CALISTOGA'S FIREBELL joyfully receivedsengers experience bitter were From Brannan had with fire—for by from on shipboard. them

led times in the of Francisco San populationthe meager of Yerba elected fire laid built Elder Brannan presiwhenfive had Brannan "We it waste—Sfeimrebuilding

firehouse bell with belfry and that a great citizenry Buena, whith included but "two dent of our association,"one of the ornatecalled the an to battle hungry flames. This

white ladies."These people, waywitnesses testified, "and paid him building still houses Calistoga's fire department, but

farers who had drifted through the our dues. After we landed we asked supplantedSam's great bybell,a screechingstill visiblesiren.In the tower, has been

Golden Gate from time to time and him what he had done with the Photograph by W. Aird Macdonald.

the Plaza, shacksput up around money and he said it was none of ili.Rl't% i>J'4ft'A* l*'MaM6v.<rf.spent of their time gambling most business."on our

horse races, bear baiting, and bear "All lies,"roared Brannan, and and bull fights. got off when the jury could not agree

"A churchman,"one of the Yerba on a verdict.

Buenans laughed. "We must inThat was the parting of the ways

itiate him."for Brannan and his band of courWith great glee they blindfolded ageous Latterday Saints. His way

Sam, whirled him around three times led to fame and riches, then to disand told him to make for a stake grace and poverty. Theirs led to

they had planted in the center of the gold fields and on to Salt Lake the Plaza, meanwhile laying bets on City, or to oblivion in the heterohow long it would take him. Sam genous mass of goldseeking humade straight for a slimy pool at the manity which poured over the sunedge of the Plaza from which adobes down slope of the high Sierras.

were made and soon was up to his neck. Yerba Buena howled its apCam Brannan next appears as

preciation; Sam laughed too, and builder and operator of the first

immediately was "one of the boys."flour mills in California. Then he

The next Sunday Brannan constructed a combination residence preached the first scnnon in the San and printing plant just behind the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936 he dared to appropriating the name who would attend him—until that

of the great bay of San Francisco. dramatic July day in 1847 when

What Semple didn't dare do only Brigham Young looked over the Salt seemed a good idea to Brannan. Lake Valley from the Wasatch

Collaborating with the Alcalde of mountains and said: "This is the

Yerba Buena, one Lieutenant Bartplace."

lett, of the Portsmouth, Sam jumped Sam must have thought his ears at the name which Semple was too had played him false. This alkali

reticent to lift. In 1847 Yerba flat covered with sagebrush preferBuena by official proclamation, beable to his lovely California? It

came San Francisco, and Semple, couldn't be. But it was. Brannan

because all his boosting for Franargued with President Young and cisca was misinterpreted by strangthen shouted: "If you won't come

ers to be for San Francisco, switchto California with me, I return alone, ed his town's name from Francisca through with you and your Church."

to Benecia, Madame Vallejo's midOff he rode, to retrace his lonely dle name, way across desert, mountain, and valley to California. But the devil

rENERAL Sherman, of Civil War must have ridden with him.

fame, was an aide to the miliAnd what of the stand of Presitary governor at Monterey at this dent Young? The very next year

time and a good friend of Semple's. the gold rush started to California,

The General wrote in his memoirs: unloosing a flood of events which

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG, PRESIDING OF- "Such impudence in stealing the swept away most of the Latterday little cirof SAM BRANNAN FICER Francisco, OF THE a CHURCH WHEN San name Saints Francisco. in San What TO "BROOKLYN"DIRECTED TO TAKE THEWAS with big cumstance consequences. REJECTED LATER COAST, AND WESTTHE WHO result Presthe have would been had

PIONEERS TO THE TAKE PROPOSALBRANNAN'S city of the should Benecia palaces be ident his in and people been YoungTO CALIFORNIA.

... the fixed Francisco San name it this flood? answer, seems, The

it is, city for the ship every where is that indeed Brigham Young was called pistol his fired then andand of the master Franknew San name inspired great with wisdom. are loudly,out 'The comSpanish cisco but or not Benecia Bay Yerba called has been Brannan the Saming.'Yerba Buena Mormon The all ships to consigned Buena. So original Californian because, when theBattalion from the Marines and in California pouring ancame and he returned Salt got Lake, from he shore, quarteredPortsmouth, on in front Francisco."of chored San out a special California the edition of sent quickly outturned some and that After turned Brannan coup still Star, of which remains a model in at theshots scrub bending oaks his attentions to a establishing its kind, sent and thousand two excited. verywind. were They in city the school the and made new copies the through MiddleWest told next morning me WatsonThe first contribution frame a red toward inand to East Express by Ponyif I ever haphad mentioned what brief school but a house which had terest still settlers prospective who I a man."dead bepened would hectic learning, a career place as of territory thought the "populated was the once Yerba more Only was jail, hall, house, court town and chiefly fleas."greasers and by out. time called Battalion ThisBuena finally being as Public known The

a coffee pot exploded in the new City Institute. Another enterprise, a most opportune attracted Brannan. the one, now ran throughHotel and the word his first then Brannan made And

a store at Sutter's Fort He openedsandhills "the that is upon enemy big mistake. the Church. He quit

revealed the hotelus."on A charge President out to meet Young He set

the truth Spanish were that no first the of Pioneers party enand as This old, dark redSAM'SbuildingDISTILLERYis one of Brannan's disthere.camped tilleries in his that built he vast near domain they with moved West. Brannan

It California. his of Calistoga, the product was Brannan's mills and newspaper distilleries wineries caused Saints, and that his undoing, Latterday rode two other

flourished and he went in heavily horseback a hundred miles up the andlater toppledyears thishimold fromdistilleryhis eminencewas turnedof intopower.a stableIn

horses, race estate, Calistoga real when thereby became afor Yerba Buena valley, then another Sacramento

California. hunthatracinghousedcenter of Northern intoplunging Dr. with Robert a feud River canyon, dred up the Aird Photograph American Macdonald. by W.

Semple, of Bear Flag revolt fame, over the snowcrested high Sierras, publisher of the only other newsand down the eastern slope of this paper in California, the Calilornian, great range into the desert wastes of at Monterey. Semple was booming what is now Nevada. Three hundred

a townsite at the northern end of miles he pushed across the badSan Francisco Bay, now called lands to Great Salt Lake and then

Benecia. He and Brannan carried into the mountains again, until he

on a fierce and vitriolic war in met President Young on the Green printer's ink, both as to personalities River near Fort Hall.

and townsites, and out of it came an "A Paradise on the West Coast,"incident important in history, a new Brannan was enthusiastic in his talk name for Yerba Buena—San Franto President Young. "I'll lead you

cisco. there; to the promised land; to a land

Semple called his acres of sand of milk and honey and sunshine and

Francisca after the wife of the Spanplenty."

ish General Mariano Vallejo, owner He traveled West with the Pioof the site, and to come as near as neers, glowing in his fervor to all

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

TThere is some doubt about the town. Eyes flaming, voice booming,

activities of others as reported he set off a spark which eventually by Brannan, but there is no question consumed the Hounds.

about what Brannan himself did. Warming to his dramatics BranHe resumed his authority over the nan led his auditors to the Plaza,

Latterday Saints and collected ten climbed atop the Alcalde's (Mayper cent of their gold for tithing, or's } office, and fired another verbal the miners being uninformed of the broadside at the Hounds. They

episode with Brigham Young. gathered on the edge of the throng

Sherman in his memoirs says that muttering retaliation. Guns flashed

with his chief. Colonel Mason, he under the spell of Brannan's oratory.

found Sam collecting tithes on Mor- "Look out,"a friend called. "The

mon Island. Hounds are going to kill you and

"One of the miners,"says Sherburn your home."Brannan showed

man, "approached Colonel Mason his courage. He "hurled on the

and inquired whether Brannan had Hounds a torrent of his choicest inany legal right to take tithes. 'He vectives, meanwhile baring his

RESIDENCE OF SANIUEl BRANNAN—1S49 has a perfect right to collect them,'breast and daring them to fire."

Copy of painting in office of Society of California the Colonel replied, 'as long as you In the showdown the cutthroats

Pioneers, San Francisco. "Tliis painting was given are fools enough to pay'."fled, but Brannan and his crowd

Cliarles toby G. Yale Bosqui Edward in 1SS5, and That ended Brannan's income pursued them, ran them down and legend:bears the following on the 'Sam back

Stockton Residence, andBrannan Washington Streets, from tithing but led to his excomfinally out of town. Sam organized Residence Yale's Francisco, GeorgeSan 1849.

185153. Only house saved on that side of street munication. President Young heard a charity for the victims of the hood-

'51. fire This house greatin the of May was of his actions and sent a member lums and installed law and order built one original exactan of the by Sam copy

Brannan in 1847, which fire destroyed in '49'."of the Council of the Twelve to for the first time in San Francisco.

Sutter's Fort to reason with him and He was riding the crest of the wave ( Sacramento ) which was the center bring the Lord's money back to the of popularity—California's leading

of an inland empire of thousands of Church where it rightfully belonged. citizen; but he was riding to a fall.

fertile acres belonging to a shrewd "You tell Brother Young,"BranIn Sacramento ( the city grown from

Swiss, Captain John Sutter. What nan is reported to have said to the Sutter's Fort) and San Francisco

happened then Brannan himself reApostle, "that I'll give up the Lord's he plunged feverishly into the wildcites as follows: money when he sends me a receipt est of frontier life, desperate gam-

"Captain Sutter made a contract signed by the Lord."* bling, heavy drinking, and sensawith Marshall, Weimer and BenSan Francisco refused to take tional affairs with the notorious

nett (Weimer and Bennett were seriously the word that gold had courtesans of the day.

honorably discharged members of been found until Brannan, waving a the Mormon Battalion which had flask of flashing gold dust, went r\N Christmas Eve, 1849, occurbeen formed in the East, and were bellowing through the streets: red the first of the six great fires

en route to Salt Lake from the Mex- "Gold! 'Gold! Gold! on the which, in a year and a half, deican War) to put up a sawmill in American River!"The city, except vastated young San Francisco. After

the Fall of 1847 on the south fork seven men, followed him back to the the fourth fire San Brannan said:

of the American river, where the river, and his newspaper, with all "Well, the bay is still here, the peotown of Coloma now stands. Havother business enterprises suspended ple are here, and the mines are still

ing a store at the time, I agreed to operations. San Francisco "simply left; let's get busy."He and his

furnish them with all the necessary wiped itself off the map."associates built another city. But

supplies on Sutter's account. On Then came the deluge of gold after the fifth conflagration Sam

the 24th of January, 1848. when seekers from the outside. San Franroared: "This is the work of the

Marshall let the water into the millcisco overnight became a roaring gang still infesting San Francisco, race, and the water had run clear, city of tents. Sam's real estate inwicked enough to do this or any

he picked up a piece of gold and vestments skyrocketed; his store at other heinous thing."

gave it to the wife of Weimer. A Sutter's Fort did a tremendous busiThe next day, June 9, 1851, the

number of young men from the Morness, and he became California's famous Vigilance Committee was.mon Battalion were at work on the first millionaire. organized in Brannan's office. He

mill, all of whom left their work and A few months later, in the spring was its first president. The comcommenced washing out gold, and of '49 Sam Brannan stepped into the mittee immediately came to grips

that was the end of the mill buildfirst of his finer roles. The Hounds, with the gangs in scenes of wild

ing."an organization of exconvicts and turbulence, but Sam showed his

But it was the start of the great other ruffians, held the city in a reign power by leading his committee in gold rush. of terror, which culminated in a the capture and hanging of John

Brannan continues: "Marshall, frightful murderous attack on the Jenkins, a giant Australian, who had

Weimer and Bennett and Captain Chilean section. stolen a safe from a wharf in broad

Sutter... charged everyone ten The next morning Brannan daylight. Brannan'seized the rope

: 'Every lover of liberty per cent of what they found. Some mounted a barrel in the middle of with the cry

of the boys ( from the Mormon BatWhile documents in the Church Hisand good order lay hold."

talion ) became dissatisfied and went torian's oflFice do not report this incident in Sam now was playing his greatest it P. that Parley is reported fire this just role. ravished sixth civic way, The river for themthe prospecting down

Apostles both Rich, C. Pratt Charles and city, his cherished burning home an diggings on selves, found and at the visited Brannan Church, the of Mormon his plant, but he and newspaper and been known has since island which to him for appealed different times and

as Mormon Island."financial aid which was denied. followers saw to it that there were no

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

more great fires. They drove out However, in 1 859, when Sam was there under the burning sun and in

the criminals, built a new and beauforty years of age, his fortunes the biting wind of the desert. He

tiful city from the ashes, and estabturned. He bought nearly the enprayed for a chance at redemption

lished a stable government and tire Napa valley, north of San Franon this earth and in the great besocial order. cisco, to exploit its famous hot yond.

Bancroft, the most unfriendly of springs, which he named Calistoga. Then he arose and during the

California historians to Brannan, He built a rail line, tree shaded remaining ten years of his life he has this to say of him at this time: roads into the valley, a grand home, faithfully lived in accordance with

"... so long as society holds its a private race track, a distillery, and the teachings of the Church he had

course in San Francisco, his name a winery. He also imported grape deserted, never again touching

should be held in honored and gratevines and many vineyardists from liquor or even tobacco. His stooped

ful remembrance. With the most Italy. But the only investment in shoulders straightened, his eyes

cheerful recklessness he threw his the valley that paid him dividends cleared, his paralysis disappeared.

life and wealth into the scale; anywas his distillery and its output He was once more a keen, handthing and everything he possessed "stole away his brains."His friends some, and vigorous man. And now

was at the disposal of the committee, reported in San Francisco that he the surprising end. Suddenly the

free."never was sober after noon any Mexican government paid Brannan

By the early '50's, Brannan owned more. His wife and four children an unexpected $49,000 in interest

left him and went to Germany, his on his huge loan. He took the

friends fell away, and his fortunes money and returned to San Frandisappeared. cisco. Neatly dressed, reflecting the

health and cleanness of the desert,

Cam Brannan, penniless, bloated he paid back every dollar he had with drink and half paralyzed borrowed, going in and out of from dissipation,, came back to San saloons and dives, smilingly refusing

Francisco, borrowed whatever and all invitations.

whenever he could, and then, dirty, His debts discharged and again ragged, and unshaven, sank to the penniless, Brannan stood on one of gutter, sleeping in the back rooms San Francisco's seven hills and of saloons by day and begging looked down upon the city, to him drinks by night. the most fascinating city in the

But Brannan still had physical world, the city he built, his city. It

courage. An ardent Union man, had forgotten him.

Photograph by W. Aird Macdonald. he made the front pages of the naTurning slowly away, but without

BRANNAN'S SEPULCHRE tion's newspapers during the Civil rancor or bitterness, Brannan went built sepulchre stone ruins are the'Here of Sam's in War by attacking a slave captain back to the desert, where he died hills his friendly great that sheltered the of the side vineyards. Huge blocks of stone were laid forming in a San Francisco hotel and later on May 14, 1889, at the age of

in thickness. feet walls nearly five A great iron coolly faced a gang of desperadoes seventy. For a year his body lay York kept the Horn around door, brought from New

years this for mystery secret twenty vault a after intent on killing him, taking eight in a San Diego receiving vault.

a potters lay in death. Brannan's Sam's body While

grave in San Diego, this stately sepulchre in his bullets in his rumsoaked body There was no money to bury him.

in remained California Northern valley beloved the without flinching. Then someone bought him six feet until local father, superstition his silent of tomb

forced public officials to blast it open with dynamite. One day in a dim alcoholic haze of earth in a San Diego cemetery.

he remembered his Mexican bonds A twoinch wooden stake marked onefourth of Sacramento, onefifth in a New York bank vault. He got his grave and an obscure San Franof San Francisco, including all of the Mexican government to deed cisco street bears his name. Sam

Market Street, 160,000 acres in Los him a tremendous tract of two milBrannan—to the heights—to the

Angeles county, tracts in Honolulu lion acres and, at the age of sixty, depths—and then to reconciliation

and a fleet of ships, in addition to was again on the front page in New and the things that lie beyond.

his newspaper and the huge SacraYork and San Francisco with mento business. He was one of the grandiose schemes of colonization. For decades BRANNAN'SBrannan's graveGRAVEstood neglected and

richest men in the world, fifteen But the Yaqui Indians, who were unmarked until J. Harvey McCarthy, friend and

times a millionaire. One time, to already on Sam's acres, refused to admirer,Mount HopeerectedCemetery,a tombstoneSan Diego,over inthe1926,grave withat

celebrate the opening of a new Sacget off, and that was that. the legend as seen here.

ramento hotel, he entertained the Old, sick, drunk, deserted, and entire city. He floated the huge shunned, Brannan married a Mexbond issue with California gold with ican woman and went to her little

which Mexico threw off the yoke of desert ranch on the border near San

Maximilian and personally paid the Diego. And then—a miracle.

bills of the Mexican Foreign Legion, Brannan redeemed himself. Loafknown during this period as Braning like a peon around the ranch his

nan's Contingent. thoughts traveled back across the

Historian Scherer says: "When years to the days of his youth when

the paint brush of advertising folhe was an Elder in the Church of lowed the flag West, stage coach Jesus Christ, The Gospel as retravelers were greeted everywhere vealed to Joseph Smith was one of with huge signs: 'Try Tono redemption, of understanding, of

5am Brannan uses it,'or 'Buy Bonhumility, of joy, and of salvation.

gay---5am Brannan buys it.'Tribute Brannan fell to his knees and prayed

coula yo no further."for the first time in forty years, out

a a

\\ Spinning THE CABLES // By ARCHER WILLEY "A thread—a day; a strand—a habit; a cable—a lifel

left me and I became completely lost in his reverie.

"Thousands of wires, tiny threads of steel, crossing those towering upARCHER WILLEY rights gleaming yonder in the sun, with a concrete bedrock on the floor npHE SPINNING ol cables and the of the sea,"he mused. "Bedrock,

- building of habits is the theme of bedrock;"he repeated over and over,

this thoughtfully retrospective ini'"too bad I did not anchor on bedArcher the pen pression of from WiU rock when I once owned all that Beneficial the ley. General for Agent

Life Insurance Company in Northern property adjoining Market Street.

California. The author, an active But mine was a quest for gold...,

member of the Church now residing The miracle of machinery,"he rein Bountiful, in Oakland, was born flected, "spinning the cable. Each

at the L. D. S. Utah, and educated

University and University of Utah, wire a thread, thousands of wires a later taking higher work to qualify as strand. Hundreds of strands a

a Certified Public Accountant and cable.

and in Chicago degree for an M. A. "A strand—thread—a University, at Washington George tied into a in habit; cable—a life.day; aAll respectively. His cooperation

aiding the editorial staff of "The the steel uprights of existence. Your

Improvement Era"in assembling Utah Construction Company and material for this PioneerCalifornia other great engineers have played a issue is acknowledged with apprepart spinning these cables. The blue ciation.

waters cover a foundation costly and deep, anchoring on bedrock. I knew

RISING majestically out of blue other great Utah builders who also waters, this new miracle of went to bedrock,"his voice seemed construction, the San Franchoked and lost, "Much of this ciscoOakland Bay Bridge, rivals the land was formerly my property,"he

Pyramids of Egypt, surpasses the resumed as he pointed to the great

Colossus of Rhodes, equals the city of Oakland lying to the east.

temples of Karnak, and matches in "This is the finest engineering roconquest even the Great Walls of mance since the 'Cheops,'I venChina. This new wonder projects tured.

our engineering far into the future, "Finer even than that,"he replied.

concrete in the ap- "There is enough Saints through Latterday theand PROCTHE PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS ABOVE THE of this several to. build skilledtheir played proaches have IN ON THE CABLES workmen SPINNING THE ESS USED

a real part in this romance, making pyramids, to say nothing of the thouTHECALIFORNIAPARTIALLYBRIDGES,COMPLETEDWITH CABLE,THE CATWALK,AND THE it a great reality. sands of miles of steel threads spun SPINNING WHEELS—A THREAD—A STRAND—

As I sat on the hill top overlookinto cables,"and as he turned and A CABLE.

I followed his picture. Two destinies of two greating this marvel—out of the afterpointed to the east,noon sunshine there seemed to walk direction catching myself saying, cities—destinies linked together ona figure—like a gentle warm western "A thread—a day; a strand—a habbedrock by the bridges.wind, or like the mists that sweep it; a cable—a life.""Here children—thousands of

see yonder "You Oaklandacross he of nowhere, homes, with children from coming happy the bay—out

its his Lake MerHouse and new Court beside me. threads, sat along spinning said andcame and "he

Somewhat startled, I was about to ritt where laughing children fish and voice seemed very far away. I turned

go when he said gently, sail their boats. quickly to find myself alone.

"Don't leave; I am sure you know "Those thousands of beautiful A gentle breeze was wafting a

me. I am Sam Brannan. I have homes looking down on a great unicloud across the blue water. The

come to visit with you and reflect versity are situated on what were lips of the deep Red Sun were kisson this great achievement. once cow pastures for our flocks and ing the face of the Blue Ocean good

"I see they have finished 'spinherds. I have rested many time? night as I ferried under this Majesticning the cables',"he said as he under those old oaks whose roots Marvel, repeating—"A thread, a

pointed to the center anchorage, dug to bedrock nearly a century ago. day; a strand—a habit; a cable—

moving still nearer me. All fea"had I have often dreamed of this great hfe."

HThese Mormons working on Sutter's mill lying in the very heart FORT SUTTER AND A of El Dorado must have been sorely tempted to run away from their tasks, forsaking their own jobs before they were completed. Soldiers TRIBUTE TO LOYALTY had deserted their posts at Monterey

for the gold fields and the sailors

By ARCHER WILLEY had left their ships to flounder in the mud of Yerba Buena; not so with

the romance of california's gold is a romance these loyal Mormon mill workers;

around the now historic and beautiful fort their task went on.

Sutter. Here is a story of the loyalty of the In the face of a most alluring invithe for gold, tation to search men BaTTALION MEMBERS OF THE MORMON WHO WERE

discovin its instrumental were who DISCOVERED. WORKING THERE GOLD WAS WHEN

ery in California remaining loyally to their tasks is a beautiful example

great build a to helped says, Scherer Historian as the state—Cali- 1 847,HADhaveONE livedseen ina 1 834,younghe mightman as Sacramento and in the fall of of the kind of Mormon spirit which state, it, has seeing fornia. the And exactly just the spot in right the "In

thirtyone years of age in the right time,"he set up the first mersaid so. So today the old fort is

of eight others leaving thecompany of kind another with again awake cantile in store county Sacramento city traveling of St. Louis westward incident to travel life of life; the the of and C. C. Smith under name the of his land dreams.toward the for years culture. though And Company,

This thirtyone year old man was glory of Fort Sutter lay like the

John Sutter, a Swiss adventurer Sam Brannan next contracted greatness of her builder, unhonored who coming to America, had early with Sutter, Marshall, and Bennett and unsung, the deeds of these acquired enough money to outfit an to furnish suppHes for the men of men are now being brought back to expedition which was later to make these contractors, a number of whom life and enshrined in the heart of

California history. were Mormons who had come California.

At Fort Hall, Kit Carson persuadaround the Horn with him, and some Above the call of gold comes out ed Sutter not to go West across of whom were members of the Morof old Fort Sutter a clarion chalNevada but to go Northwest to Fort mon Battalion. Sutter's mill was lenge, more refined than gold itself,

Vancouver. some twentyfive miles up the this tribute to loyalty.

One after another forts were conAmerican River from Sacramento. On the outer side of one of the Sam Boise,quered, then The Walla, Walla a hangs Sutter Fort doors within was,f named1 byr

,himself, During Brannan,place Coloma.the Dalles Fort Vancouver, and photobeen has pjard which

where this restless adventurer, the fall and winter of '47 and until graphed for The Improvement Era rather than wait for spring, took the January 24, 1848, Brannan's store, through the courtesy of Curator H.

first boat to Hawaii and from the a large one and a half story adobe G. Peterson, Stanford University

Hawaiian Islands to Sitka, Alaska, building just outside the fort to the scholar, under whose direction the and from Alaska down the coast to east, was doing a business of more fort has been restored. The inscripthe land of his dreams, Yerba than a hundred thousand dollars a tion on the placard reads as shown

Buena, now San Francisco. Here month. below.

from the Mexican Government with What happened January the help of General Guadalupe 24, 1848, is now history THS UCeMCM BOIS* HSUQIUBTSBS

Vallejo, a grant of he received land which every school boy In 1847-8 thia room was used as a "boarding house"by thaninety miles running north long and

Itormona who were working for Captain Sutter - the samoand south of what is now Sacraknows. But the wealth

mento. which Sutter, through his Uormons who aocompanied Jamea Uarahall to CoLoma to build

After weeks of labor from Yerba thrift had built up in flocks the saw mill in the sill raoe up which was later diaoorered

Buena, crossing rivers, and swamps, and herds and harvests of gold on Jauuarj 24, 1846.

and marsh land, he established his grain, within a few weeks These Mormons worked under the direction, or coiktrol, of headquarters at this historic spot became trampled fields, by Sam Brannan, the Uormon leader in California, who at that which now bears his name. This the feet of frenzied gold time had a trading post or store in a large adobe building

fort in 1849 was the most talked of seekers. Strayed and stolen outside the Port grounds, about jAare the group of*redwood

place in American frontier life, the were his herds. Mr. Sutter trees now stand at 23th and K Streets.

to pioneer's thegate'way all dreams. this of in El Dorado A men and alart the progresaiTO most of one was Brannan Sam later fort or theyear two comwas find not could who men

great the for is due credit great him to and time, his of it fact, inpletely at abandoned, was job stay and on the would ita in State thia of upbuilding in the acooaplishad he work out time rented to swineone a crops. Pastures the harvest

herder, for the population then in and fields were not only all early days.

Of his Mormon workman Captain Sutter always spoke verySacramento moved to the river front left unharvested, but posigreat for the nearly afhalf a a when centuryand and indastrious, sober, were Thay in the the hily. tions shop and left desolato the fortterwards was to gold the stampeding was everybody and oaae strike gold forsaken, store were and ruin.tion and Sutter with contraot te their held Hormona these diggings, at history that records one is told as Brannan, elsewhere Sam became later of them Many finiahod. was th(3ir job until is time in San what nowin issue, this after his disappointing

interview with Brigham Young, Francisco there were but prominent in California history.

slowly trekked his way back as far five men left in the town. PLACARD ON A DOOR AT FORT SUTTER (SEE ALSO PAGE 415)

MORMONS CALIFORNIA

By LEVI EDGAR YOUNG A Member of the First Council of the Seventy

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG and Head of the Department of Western

History, University of Utah.

T Evi Edgar Young, author, edu- *-'catot, churchman, and one of

America's leading authorities on CiNCE EARLY FRONTIER DAYS UNTIL THE PRESENT

Western history, briefly recounts THE HISTORY OF THE MORMONS HAS BEEN INTERhere some o/ the official and unWOVEN WITH THE HISTORY OF CALIFORNIA. MEMBERS OF official activities of the members of

the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterTHIS Church have played important roles and made day Saints in California since the THEIR contributions TO THE DRAMATIC ONWARD MARCH OF earliest development of the state unTHE GREAT PACIFIC STATE.

der AngloSaxon influences. The

Mormons contributed several "firsts"to California history, some of which are mentioned here. The March of the Mormon the Mormons were toiling through

Battalion what is now Iowa with their three thousand wagons, thirty thousand

Batof the Mormon cattle, sheep, horses, head of and T HEtalionmarchinto California by way their of mules, visited camps were by the onward march of the MorSante Fe, New Mexico, and the Captain James Allen of the United

IN mon Pioneers to the far West theGilaepicandmarchesColoradoof history.rivers is oneWhenof Statestingent army,of "ablewho askedbodied formen"a conto

during the first decades of their Brigham Young succeeded Joseph serve in the war with Mexico.

history (18301850), it was quite Smith as head of the Church, he Continuing on to Council Bluffs, natural for them to reach California realized that only an exodus of the where Brigham Young was with the with the vanguard of Americans Saints to new climes would bring main encampment. Captain Allen

who had gone to the Pacific coast peace to his people. Whatever may laid the matter of recruiting a batin the forties. California and Oregon have been the causes of persecution talion of soldiers before the Mormon

were inviting lands for the American against the Mormon people in early leader, who decided to furnish five colonizers. By 1 845, four thousand days, there were a number of outhundred men immediately. Within

Americans had traveled the Oregon standing ideas they stood for both two weeks the Battalion was ready trail to the valley of the Columbia, in government and economic life. to march from Council Bluffs, and

and when the war with Mexico They were abolitionists, and this on July 20th, the troops started on broke out in 1846, it was "Manifest was one of the causes of the hate their journey. Some of the men

Destiny"that took Americans into engendered towards them when they were accompanied by their families,

California. There they were to were in Missouri. They were radand there were about eighty women

make of the old Spanish Dominion ically opposed to the doctrine of and children in the command.

a country of AngloSaxon civilizastate's rights as advocated in the From the journals of members of tion. In this work, the Mormons days of Calhoun and other Southern the Battalion, we learn that there

played no small part, for they estableaders; and they were always prowas much suffering in the camps.

lished the AngloSaxon town govgressive farmers and home builders. Sante Fe was reached when it was

ernment wherever they settled as To them, the Constitution of the now decided to send some of the

United States was a sacred documen and most of the women andgroups. This alone has significance,

ment. children to Pueblo on the Arkansasfor it meant a close adherence to

river to winter. the remain for This the the Prophet, of After deathAmericanism, Constitution and the accordingly done, Captain and to was compelled were Mormonsof the United States. Church, the The led Salt into them Brown James their enterprisleave beautiful and

the State, the School, the and Famyear, after following City the ing city of 1846 Lake Nauvoo. The year

inily were ideals. their embraced at severe suffering of a winter to them. brought gloom and tragedy

Pioneer colonizers in the true sense President Brigham Young sent Pueblo.

of the term, they fulfilled the words Elder Jesse C. Little on a mission to

of Joseph Conrad: Washington to ask for aid in taking \X7"ith General P. St. George

the people to the new lands in the Cooke in command, the Battheir less tried us successors, they "To Little Elder "to emWest. was their southtalion journey continued

magnified, notappear as agents of trade, for facihties emigration brace any and Rio Grande ward by way of thebut as instruments of destiny, recorded pushing out into the unknown in obedience to to the western coast"which our govthe Gila rivers. Very meager raan inward voice, to an impulse beating in ernment should offer. As a consetions were served during the jour-

*he blood, to a dream of the future."quence of this request, and while ney. The sheep and cattle driven

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

labor, we have dug wells, which the future traveler will enjoy. Without a single guide

who had traversed them, we have ventured into trackless table lands where water was not found for several marches. With crowbar, and pick and ax in hand, we have

worked our way over mountains which seemed to defy aught save the wild goat, and hewed a passage through a chasm of living rock more narrow than our wagons.

To bring these first wagons to the Pacific, we have preserved the strength of our mules by herding them over large tracts, which you have guarded without loss."

npHE DAYS spent at the old San

Diego Mission were interesting to the members of the Battalion.

Founded as it had been by Padre

Junipero Sierra in 1769, San Diego was the first of the missions of California which have made the history of that state so picturesque. The

Battalion was greeted with every monks, Franciscan the courtesy by soldier days, the a few and withinalong for fresh meat became so poor THEWHICHMISSIONSHELTEREDAT SAN THELUIS MEMBERSREY, CALIFORNIA,OF THE that they had to be killed and taken MORMONNEARLY TWOBATTALIONMONTHSWHOIN THERESTEDEARLYTHERESPRINGFOR boys were helping to clean and of the RUIN, A rations. marchfor FOUND THEY 1847. BatOF The the old buildings and LOOTED whitewash

VANDALS. BY MEXICANIT DESECRATED AND through the Gilatalion and along church. PREMISES THE UP CLEANED BATTALION THE

STAY. THEIR DURING PROTECTED THEM AND Southof thethe and deserts sands Battalion the 15, was HELPED BATTALION THE OF On July LATER MEMBERS faith patience is and of STATIONwest, a story GUARD STATES UNITED A FORM alAngeles, at Los out HERE mustered CALIHAD MADE WAR MEXICAN AFTER THE history. in equalledhardly reenlisted TERRITORY. the of AMERICAN men FORNIA a few though

looking army It strange a was out, mustered those service. for Of Sunon a tree stop under could they after day. toiled day alongthat of forty them and hundred two serdivine hold and morning day the time, the ofBarefooted much into a comthemselves organized testiin spent were hours vices the feet, the sore and suffered withmen the to Amerproceeded and mand, of smoke prayer. "The and monies skin their the burned ofheat sun fort. Sutter's river, far from not ican like sac- a fires ascended their camp of entrailsterribly. hides and The with Capemployment found Some their songs rifice and to heaven,"food. for The usedanimals were while company the Sutter, main tain

praise. of were hymns provithat jaded, soteams became of DonSierras the by crossed way the San Battalion reached The River Gila the sentsions were down they Sam met Lake. Here ner 27, February on Mission Luis in lost all Rey the food boat, was butby California to returning Brannan,

later, the comdays 1847, two and obtained soldiers river.the The President with interview his after of mission the near camped mand the from corn, beans andwheat, Young. the of hearts men Diego. San The lived tribe that Indians, aPima the that informed were They listened they glad when were made deserts River. Gila the Thealong of valley in the arrived Saints had congratulatory following the to the of terrible, crossing thewere although Lake, Salt the Great St. P. the commander order by experibitter a River wasColorado encourgive a very did not Brannan It read: Cooke. George streams, the the forence, waded men where country the report of aging for in an vain searched "History their be may reaching at times the water

it of has infantry. Half of equal march Batthe of chaplainarmpits. The SUTTHE AT MEMBERS BATTALION MORMON nothing where through a wilderness been in LEFT tells ABOVE, DISCOVERY: us talion, MILL Pettegrew, GOLD David found, beasts are wild and savages but AZARIAH BIGLER AND W. RIGHT, HENRY or TER'STO the of incidents is his journal there no many for of water deserts want where WM. TO RIGHT, LEFT BELOW, SMITH.

march. Quoting from his record, living creature. There with almost hopeless JOHNSTON AND JAMES S. BROWN. J.

he says: "December 18th, 1846: This morning

we took up our march for the Gila River, but between us and that place was a vast desert without water, or feed for the mules.

We traveled fortyfive miles and camped without water.

"December 19. We started without

water and traveled all day and part of the night, and camped without water. We

were all weary and fatigued, and we could hardly get along, the weather being very warm. Towards evening, the men might

be seen lying down on the road, overpowered by fatigue and thirst.

"December 25. It is Christmas day. We

are without food or water. We have traveled twenty miles and camped at night

without finding water."

When the men had something to eat, they smiled happily, and when

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

REPRESENTATIVE L. D. S. CHURCH

BUILDINGS IN CALIFORNIA Interior view of chapel—Wilshire

Ward and Hollywood Stake Tabernacle. (See cover.)

Patio, Los Angeles Stake center.

Dimond Ward Chapel, Oakland.

San Jose Ward Chapel, San Jose.

5. Oakland Ward Chapel, Oakland.

6. Huntington Park Chapel, Los Angeles.

7. San Francisco Ward Chapel, San

Francisco.

S. Adams Ward Chapel, Los Angeles.

9. Santa Monica Ward Chapel,

Santa Monica.

10. Elmhurst Ward Chapel. Oakland.

11. Berkeley Ward Chapel, Berkeley.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

all the lands and town lots they may acquire in the country where they might settle."A number of the

leaders with Brannan signed the contract. Brannan's sincerity has

been questioned in this negotiation.

Whatever might have been the motive, Brigham Young and the Council of the Twelve declined to approve the contract.

San Francisco was then largely a Mormon center, and the new emigrants were soon known as a moral and orderly people. Some took up

lands, while others hired out. Brannan wrote on January 1

"We have begun a settlement on the

River San Joaquin, a large and beautiful stream flowing into the Bay of San Francisco; but the families of the company are

HOUSE, THE SUTTER'S OLD ADOBE FORT, AS anxious that the Mormons should winteringplenty of employmentin this place,and wherehouses theyto livefindin; IN CONDITION IT APPEARED ITS NEGLECTED

BEFORE ITS RECENT RESTORATION. emigrate to California, and parand about twenty of our number are up at

settlement, which the new we call New ticularly true after this had he was settled. the Saints Sergeant had ploughing putting and and Hope, in wheat

arrived at the Gate. The Golden to preparations crops, other and making with the Tyler under his commen

in of CapBrooklyn was command spring, their in families the where up move in Salt City reached Lake Ocmand it to the land they meet hope tain main body with by Richardson, came and tober, a given 1847, hearty and was season."time the during coming some military organized company. an reyear, next the welcome. The in settlement the the San While that be can Brannan There doubt no Battalion, maining the of members

it flourished, abandoned was of Joaquin the with purpose came avowed others to with gone had many who his returned from first Brannan flag when hoisting the on American in the ship California on Brooklyn disappointing interview with BrigPacific the of coast shores on the their relatives joined 1846, and Brannan's comCalifornia. ham Young. conOf Francisco San was in Valley."friends "The about hunone village, pany called of Mormons, siderable of a and was in his B. bro- H. Roberts Elder forty adults dred and and women emigrants Buena. Yerba The entitled chure BatThe Mormon children, emigrated to Utah. their in of pitched the tents heart The

talion, definite that four achievsays in California. city, remained inothers the they as were an and accomplished. had been ments into business and thrifty, Brannan went dustrious, hardworking

"1st. of northern Mexico. conquest The

city laid out the money. made class of people, they He much added part about the be no question canThere

they took in the conflict which made Calito the growing town. Among them of Sacramento, and projected the

fornia, Utah, Idaho, Nevada, Colorado, were carpenters and housebuilders, first railroad in California. His inMexicoNew and Arizona part of the who soon found plenty of lucrative terest in this was purchased by States. United

"2nd. The opening of highways: A chart work to do. Messrs. Stanford, Huntington, and

Hopkins, and Crocker, whose prothe Col. Cooke's engineer of road made by

at placed Washington,was on file D. C, Brannan had an air of push and ject into the Central developed Paat energy, manifested once an and later the for the basis conformedand cific laid railroad. out other He

Railroad. Pacific struction the in of Southern interest affairs California, the of

first the published towns, and their return Battalion piothe marchUpon in assisted laying the cornerand Francisco, newspaper in San known norththeneered road through Pass Cajon Francisco's stone of commerSan into Salt easterly distance valley, a Lake as the paper Star. This California

cial greatness. In of spring the this miles.of Subsequently over over 500 later united Ca/f/orthe with was

trail left Salt Railroad the for the Angeles and Los 1 847, Lake Missouri Brannan first in nian, published Monterey, built.was influence to River Briguse his with

in Francisco brought and to San in Calidiscovery "3rd. of gold The to to bring the Saints Young first fornia. to ham they the not While were 1847. May, California. carried a with him He in California gold discover very took they a

FORT AS SUTTER IT APPEARS TODAY AFTER it. contract to to transfer partimportant in discovering This A. G. Benson

H. G. BEEN BY RESTORED HAVING CURATOR nation'sevent millions to the not only added "the and odd numbers Company (SEE of PETERSON ALSO 409). PAGE

wealth but resulted in California being admitted into the Union in 1850 as a free state, an event of great political significance.

"4th. The Battalion was a factor in

teaching irrigation."

Samuel Brannan and the Ship "Brooklyn"C AMUEL Brannan was in charge of the ship Brooklyn, which, with about two hundred and forty Mormons who embarked in New York, sailed around Cape Horn and arrived in San Francisco on July 31, 1846. Brannan was a remarkable

character in many respects. He was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

MISSION AND STAKE PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH IN CALIFORNIA

Top row, left to right: President Nicholas G. Smith, California Mission; President John C. Todd, Gridley Stake; President Wilford G. Edting, Hollywood Slake; President

John W. Jones, Long Beach Stake; President Leo J. Muir, Los Angeles Stake.

Bottom row, left to right: President W. Aird McDonald, Oakland Stake; President David H. Cannon, Pasadena Stake; President Mark W. Cram, Sacramento Stake;

President Albert L. Larsen, San Bernardino Stake; President Stephen H. Winter, San Francisco Stake.

REPRESENTATIVE L. D. S. CHURCH BUILDINGS

IN CALIFORNIA

Upper left: Manchester Ward Chapel, Los Angeles.

Upper right: Belvedere Ward Chapel, Los Angeles.

Lower left: Compton Ward Chapel, Compton.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193 6

was to be economically independent.

Wheat fields stretched out beyond the fort, fruit trees were planted, and cattle and sheep raised. The people

began the construction of ditches to water their garden spots and grain fields. A large acreage was brought

under irrigation. On Lytle Creek the

colonists had fifty acres laid out into one acre tracts, which were used for gardens by the town people. At "Old San Bernardino,"

they had a vineyard which was common property, and was irrigated from the old Zanja Creek which they at once utilized.

Freighting was carried on with

Los Angeles and Salt Lake City.

In 1852 Captain Hunt secured a mail contract for three years to carry mail from Los Angeles to

Salt Lake City by way of San Bernardino. The mail was carried on

horseback. One of the old freighters between Salt Lake City and San

Bernardino was Francis M. Lyman,

carried freight teams. with mule MILL, TIME. who SUTTER'S A PRINT OF THE FROM of the expedition The leaders MILLRUN, HERE IN THE GOLD WAS to stock Hay, sent flour, and were COVERED. tract DISpurchased of a large land conArizona and Southern Utah. sisting of 35,000 acres for $77,500.

The Settlement of San Within a short time, the Pioneers Freighting became one of the chief occupations, enand a man who the to Bernardino estabranch on and moved in to gaged considerable it had have lished city the of Bernardino. San President 1851, February,Tn capital, for the large heavy wagons city laid surveyed out The and was called a Brigham company Young expensive. ten, Eight, twelve, were

livafter by Sherwood, H. G. and settle to at Saintsof Bernardino, San eighteen sometimes and and twenty in ing the for eight open months,California. orcompany was The to mules necessary haul were the the families finally in lodged were atganized Payson, Utah, and was freight deserts over the through and comfortable houses. adobeled by and Amasa M. Lyman the mountains. always There was colonists crops. planted The five Rich.Charles C. There were this Indians, todanger from and tract a Every land of had which man all: in soulshundred men, women, cold, gether the heat the with and in potatoes. planted he wheat and children. setof purposeand The alkali dust, glare the the blinding of

dollars at a sold four was Wheat to establishtlement outan was fitting post similar to that of bushel, and flour at thirtytwo dolFORT SUTTER DOOR ON WHICH APPEARS INKanesville, Iowa, in order that the lars a barrel at Los Angeles. The SCRIPTION"MORMON BOYS."PRAISING (SEETHE ALSOLOYALTYPAGEOF 409.)THE

Mormon emigration by way of the colonists had considerable stock, the

Panama Canal and the islands of cattle having been purchased along the Pacific might be facilitated. The the road from Salt Lake City. The

company left in March and was land was surveyed and sold in three months on the journey over tracts, and many emigrants from the trail through Southern Utah, Australia and Europe purchased

Nevada, and California to their deslands and began with marked suctination. The heat was extreme at cess in building homes.

times and the women and children The colonists suffered a great were put to a great deal of suffering. deal from Indian raids by the Utes,

Arriving at Sycamore Grove, they Chemehuevis, and other desert pitched camp and remained there tribes. Many cattle were driven

for three months. A brief notice in away, and as a result the Mormons

the Los Angeles Star. May 31, 1851, decided to build a fort, somewhat

says after the order of the one built at "We learn that 150 Mormon families arc Great Salt Lake City in 1847.

at Cajon pass, sixty miles south of this city, Upon its completion more than on their way here from Deseret. These a hundred families occupied the

it is said,families, intend to settle in this fort. Beyond were the fields, some itvalley, to their permanent home. and make

We cannot yet give full credit to these of which were held in common, while statements, because they do not come to us others were owned by individual fully authenticated. But if it be true that families. The policies of Brigham

are coming in suchMormons numbers to Young as colonizer were faithfullysettle us, among and inas good we shall, dustrious citizens,"extend to them a friendly carried out. Every head of a family

welcome. was to be an owner of his home, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

sun upon the desert sands; thirst

and hunger—tested to the uttermosf

the physical and mental powers of the teamsters.

Government of San Bernardino After the colonists had lived in the old fort for one year, they began building their homes and making improvements for the benefit of the entire colony. In 1853,

the town was laid out and the streets, cutting each other at right angles, were patterned after Salt

Lake City. The town was one mile

square, laid out in blocks containing eight acres each. Along the sidewalks were small irrigating ditches;

and shade trees were planted.

The city of San Bernardino was incorporated April 13, 1854. The

first public building was erected by

Amasa Lyman and Charles C.

Rich, and was for a general ofRce for the interests of the Mormon

Church. It was a church and meeting-house, and was used for gatherings of the people when important

subjects were to be considered concerning the general welfare of the colonists. It was also the first court

house of the county.

In 1853, the superintendent of common schools reported "an expenditure of $300 for a library, and almost another three hundred for building and furnishing the school house."In November, 1855, the

school trustees with the county superintendent acted, by order of the city council, and selected six lots for school purposes. Two school houses

were built and were called the

Washington and Jefferson schools, respectively. A twostory house

was erected by Amasa Lyman for his family. Priscilla Lyman was

the mother of the first white child born after the colonists reached San

Bernardino. Another house was

built by Charles C. Rich, and hke REPRESENTATIVEBUILDINGS IN CALIFORNIACHURCH

all the old homes, was of adobe. 1. Saciamento Ward Chapel, When the Mormons purchased Sacramento.

the site on which they settled, it 2. San Bernardino Ward

was a part of Los Angeles county, Chaiiel, San Bernardino.

and its boundaries extended east- 3. LankershimNorth Hollywood.Ward Chapel,

ward to the Colorado river. The 4. Gridley Ward Chapel,

county seat was Los Angeles, which Gridley.

was sixty miles distant. In 1853, 5. Yuba City Ward Chapel,

Captain Jefferson Hunt, one of the Yuba City.

most noted men of the expedition 6. LongLong BeachBeach.Ward Chapel,

and a member of the Mormon Bat- 7. Homestead Ward ChapeU

talion, obtained through the legisSacramento.

Liberty Chapel,lature Ward a bill which for provided the S.

Gridley.dividing of Los Angeles county, and

9. Alto Palo Ward ChapeL 'the formation of San Bernardino Alto. Palo

county. The act was passed April 10. Mar Vista Ward Chapel,

26, 1853, at the city of Benica. The Mar Vista.

act stating the boundaries of the 11. Alhambra Ward Chapel.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

New York. Upon arrival of the

press in California, Elder Parley P.

Pratt, who was then residing in

California, was communicated with, and it was decided to move the press and the printing materials to San

Francisco, where Elder Pratt intended to publish a paper.

These materials were accordingly shipped to San Francisco. Elder

George Q. Cannon was appointed

by the Church in 1855 to take a mission to California to labor with

Elder Pratt, and to help in the publishing of the Book of Mormon in the Hawaiian language. Elder

route southern Cannon went by the IN 1852 BERNARDINO SAN their sible. sold homes Mormons The to Francisco, short within a San and of Bernardino, most lands in San and

officials time, for of proper copies provided thecounty two thousand little investrealizing them on their clearly defined. scriptures publishduties were werewhose

first time native ed for the of in the San BernardinoThe county was ments.graduallyThedisposedChurchof, propertybut the landwas American

one of the largest ever created in titles of San Bernardino have always language of the Hawaiian people the United States, having an area been unquestioned. and were sent to Hawaii.equal to half of the state of New On the 23rd of February, the first

position gave it a comYork. Its

asmercial advantage on it was the INsiding1853,overParleythe CaliforniaP. Pratt wasMission,prenumberwas issuedof onthethisWesternsame press.StandardThe

line of travel to the Pacific Coast which included the adjacent counpaper was continued for a period of from Utah and other points of the tries in and on the Pacific. At a nineteen months, but during the fall

West. conference of Elders held at Wailuof 1857, the last issue appeared and

The first county commissioners, ku. Sandwich Islands, October 6, all the missionaries were called back

all Mormons, served until the with- 1 853, a committee was appointed to to Utah, due to the coming of a drawal of the people to Utah in take measures to obtain a printing contingent of the United States 1 857. They left the county entirely press, type, and everything necesarmy, which the people interpreted

free from debt, and their adminissary to publish the Book of Moras a move to drive them from their tration was marked by the building mon. The press, type, paper, were homes. While the Western Stan

of roads and bridges and the erectbrought around Cape Horn from dard was of brief duration, it.was of

ing of schools and other public high standard in publication in that buildings. RECENTLYBERNARDINO.ERECTEDSYCAMOREMONUMENTGROVE, COMMEMORNEAR SAN day of pioneer California.

The San Bernardino colony atATINGNEERS. THEANOTHERCOMINGMARKEROF THEHAS MORMONBEEN PLACEDPIOAs early as 1850, Mormon mistracted a great many people, because NEAR THE SAN BERNARDINO COURTHOUSE, sionaries were sent to San Franof the richness of the soil, and the COMMEMORATIVERICHARD R. LYMANOFOF THETHE COUNCILEVENT. OFELDERTHE cisco, and from that time to the preswell-directed work of the colonists. TWELVESNOW LYMAN,IS SEENFIRSTAT THEWHITELEFTCHILDAND BORNLORENZOIN ent the Church has had a steady

Within a few months, disappointed SAN BERNARDINO, AND MINNIE CARTER ENGgrowth in all parts of the state.

"gold diggers"and others came inARELISH, ATGRANDDAUGHTERTHE RIGHT. OF AMASA M. LYMAN, At the present time there are apto the county, purchased lands, and proximately thirtyfive thousand

began farming. The Mormon comLatter-day Saints in California,

munity became in time extremely There are nine stakes of Zion, each exclusive and all the offices of the having a large population. There

city and county were held pretty are also many independent branches much by members of the Church. scattered throughout the state under

The newcomers could not adjust the jurisdiction of the California themselves to Mormon ideas and Mission. The Church during the

the only thing for them to do was last few years has erected many to unite and form a local political beautiful chapels in California. ( See

party, which they did. A natural cover illustration and pages 412,

rivalry between the two factions 414, 416.)

grew up. The Gentile party came Wherever the Mormons have setto be known as "Independents"and tled in California or elsewhere they

until the withdrawal of the Morhave developed the institutions that mons to Utah in 1857, there were make for culture, solidarity, faith, many local contests over public quesmoral courage, and good citizenship tions and elections.—namely, the Home, the Church,

In 1857, the colonists of the San the Stake, the Printing Press, the

Bernardino were recalled to Salt School and the Fine Arts. Members

Lake City by President Brigham of the Mormon Church today are

Young. Johnston's army was on taking important place in the furtherits way to Utah, and President ance of these fundamentals of proYoung's policy was to bring to gress and wellbeing in the great

"Zion"all his people as far as posstate of California.

Nothing SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE!

Achievements of the metropolitan water district of southern california By RICHARD R. LYMAN

Of the Council o[ the Twelve and ConsultRICHARD R. LYMAN ing Engineer [or the Metropolitan \Vater

District o[ Southern California

settled are and areNEWnewCOUNTRIESdiscoveries made by The Metropolitan Water District those who have courage and 'X'he engineering activities and of Southern California is expending unusual daring. Columbus had these - affiliations of Dr. Richard R. the $220,000,000 named here in

to mention are too numerous Lymanqualities. Those Amerorder to construct an aqueduct, who settled

field his in professional here, butica this fearless type. were of the necessary dams, and And pumping to recognition him from has come

the boldest and most daring of those many sources, and individuals, cot'plants, power plants, and electric who landed and settled on our porations, and public commissions are power lines to convey 1500 cubic eastern coast have children and constantly seeking his professional feet of water a second through two children's children of much the same field,adviceandandhis reputationservices inas hisa practicalchosen great and many smaller ranges of quality. It is they who have pushed engineer is no more outstanding than mountains from the Parker Dam site

on to the West, and therefore we his accomplishments as a teacher to the MetropoHtan Water District, should expect to find that the men when he was Professor of Civil En- a distance of 300 miles, and to lift and women on the shores of the gineeringDr. Lyman,at writingthe Universityhere forofreadersUtah. this water a vertical distance of

Pacific are among the most enterof the "Era"as Consulting Engineer 1,615 feet. This height is nearly

prising and most courageous of the for the Metropolitan Wafer District eight times that of the top of the descendants of the first Americans of Southern California, tells, in tower of the Temple in Salt Lake who settled this land and made a thrillingingly impossiblenarrative,achievementssome of theofseemthat City. This quantity of water flownew nation. Many of these dauntmighty undertaking. ing at the ordinary canal velocity of

less ones are to be found in the state two feet a second would fill a canal of California. Perhaps that is why 75 feet wide and 10 feet deep. It

the people of California appear to cost must be borne largely by the is concerning this gigantic underfind nothing which to them seems people of that state. With a height taking of the people of Southern

impossible. of 726 feet this dam sets a new world California that I write in more or

At this very moment four modern record that may stand forever. less detail.

engineering achievements are being The total cost of these three reccompleted by these forwardlooking ordbreaking modern structures is TThe pictures accompanying this

Americans. Each of these gigantic $275,000,000. Now as if this giarticle were taken mostly during

projects is establishing a world recgantic expenditure were not enough ord for some outstanding engineerto satisfy the daring and the vision ing accomplishment. Two bridges of these men of California, the

are being built in Northern CaliMetropolitan Water District, locatfornia which involve unusual design, ed in the southern part of that state, and in many respects are the greatest is undertaking a piece of construcin the world's history of bridge contion for domestic and industrial struction. The story of these bridges water supply purposes to cost alone

is told elsewhere in this issue of the an additional $220,000,000. They

Era. The Golden Gate bridge is are making this enormous expendibeing built at a cost of $35,000,000 ture in order to bring the water of

and the San FranciscoOakland the Colorado River into Southern

Bay bridge at a cost of $75,000,000. California. All four of these seemAlthough the Boulder Dam, the ingly unequaled undertakings, total

third of the great present engineercost $495,000,000, are to be paid for THE HEAVY BLACK LINE RUNNING ACROSS THE ing undertakings in the West, is not largely by the people of a single LOWERDICATESPARTTHE OFROUTETHISFOLLOWED"THUMBNAIL"BY THEMAPMETIN- actually located in California, its western state. ROPOLITAN WATER DISTRICT AQUEDUCT.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

a trip made over the line of this aqueduct by Mr. Julian Hinds, asThe Men Behind the Project nPHE world WHOLE gazes with admirasistant chief engineer; Dr. Thomas * tion at the outstanding remarkand Nixon Carver, the distinguished and able feats in engineering that are

wellknown professor of economics carried out in many parts of the worldbeing of Harvard University, and the today, but few of the multitudes who admire these accomplishments are interwriter. difexamined the As we ested in enough the details of these proferent kinds of construction, great jects to ask the names of the men whose

in variety in minds marvelous and magniand brains have prepared the plans tude, which are being carried forand specifications and have had the ability to create the necessary organization of ward through the sand and barrenmen, money, and machinery to make these ness of desert, this Colorado River modern wonders possible.

we exclaimed again and again: Following are the names of a few of

"Surely to the engineer nothing the men who have made possible the construction of this mammoth aqueduct impossible."seems

of the pumping plants, dams, power The wise and courageous Amerand plants, and construction machines and icans forming the methods board of directors which necessarily go with of the Metropolitan Water District and something concerning their training,'it,

Perience, and native endowments. have faith unlimited in the possibil-

P. is Mr. W. Whitsett chairman of the ities of California. Southern No inboard of directors the of Metropolitan

vestment seems too great, no underWater District of Southern California.

is Here a taking man too gigantic has for who farbeen these equipped by nature with only one gear and that seeing gear business will men. agree You IS high and ahead. seems to He know this with view that you when know no such thing as defeat. Behind him he these directors represent has a the people Board of wise and courageous

Americans carried whose faith their in who for issue bond southern California seems to be boundless. 1 $220,000,000 with a to of vote 5 Soon after the Board of Directors of majority, throughout the Metropolthe Metropolitan District Water orwas itan District of Water Southern Calthey Qfn'ed, looked everywhere they

thought a ifornia promising includes at which engineer present the might be tound finally and discovered city Mr. of Los Frank Angeles twelve and ii. Weymouth, at that who time diwas other cities. California recting the building of great irrigation preliminary systems The the in work and the Republic of Mexico. He was the made actual district's of construction work the chief of engineer and

IS now serving its as general aqueduct manager went forward at slowly and chief engineer. the Had directors written first, faster then faster, aland but specifications for the perfect I man, am in right the ways sure direction they under could not have created in their

the supervision of Mr. Frank E. own imaginations a man more ideally

quahfied fill to this position. ChiefWeymouth, Engineer and of Back Mr. Weymouth stands an enGeneral of District, the Manager gineering and construction organization of until today approximately men for en600 who sheer ability, efficiency, and

resourcefulness gineers cannot other and experts be surpassed. and 10,000 Included in this splendid organization are laborers are this employed proon such as men James Munn, general superject are rapidly and carrying the intendent of construction and nationally

work forward to completion. recognized as one of the best construction

cost estimators In line the and there main organizers are twentyin the country; L. J. Burkholder, assistantnine general different tunnels. are These manager the and man acts who as Mr.approximately feet 16 high 13 and Weymouth's right hand in man the actual feet inside direction of wide the all reinforced of phases of aqueduct work

in the field;concrete lining James H. total and have a Gaylord, chief

electrical and mechanical engineerlength of miles. and lined 92 canal, The

is the man who in charge of the designing 12 feet feet deep at and 56 the wide and construction of the huge pumpinq top, has a length of plants. 55 miles. The

There are asyphons two have others combined of length of Mr. Weymouth's chief assistants with miles. the longest29 single whom tunnel The

writer has been intimately associated. Onehas a length miles. of 18 of is these Mr. Julian Hinds who, as a

mathematician and a designing engineer, Street cityT Tnder Mountain in the is most competent efficient, and verified as of Pasadena one tunnel three by to the award ten him years ago and onehalf miles long and ten feet Norman Gold Medal by the Americanof the in diameter, with a comparatively Society of Civil Engineers. The other is a

Utah product, Clayburn C. Elder. Mr.small distance the between top of the Elder, born in Salt Lake City, is a gradutunnel and the grade street of the ate of the Civil Engineering Department

above it, was driven through alluvial of the University of Utah, and as an expert in hydraulics general and engineering softor gravel formation. Conhas is made and making a record is thatstructing tunnel a in this soil soft splendidly successful. has called He been W. p. WHITSETTcould only be done his by by methods new associates, relatively it speaking FRANK

be assumed, theof Einstein driving lagging of the of E.HINDSWEYMOUTH may ahead the exJULIAN Aquecavation. By using this tunnel C. C. ELDER duct.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

we observed the construction of the earthfill dam and dike that will form the reservoir from which distribution lines will carry water to each of the thirteen cities in the Metropolitan Water District. We saw a

battery of six fifteen ton sheep's- foot rollers drawn by seventyfive horsepower caterpillar tractors compacting the earth fill as the material was brought to the embankment by truck from nearby quarries.

This reservoir located about 60 miles from Los Angeles and 241 miles from the Colorado River, is to store at present 100,000 acre feet.

It will be possible to increase this capacity to 225,000 acre feet.

The San Jacinto tunnel, 210 miles from the river and 100 miles from

Los Angeles, is 13 miles long. In

this tunnel the most difficult task thus far of the whole construction has been encountered. The excavation is being driven from five

headings, one at the west end of the tunnel and two from each of two shafts which have been sunk from the mountain sides above. It is at

the bottom of one of these shafts, the depth of the shaft being 800 feet, that some 30 second feet of water has been giving extremely serious trouble. The contractor who undertook originally to do this work

was compelled by the difficulties encountered to abandon his contract.

The District has now undertaken to complete the work.

Pumping this stream of 30 cubic feet of water a second to an elevation of 800 feet costs $800.00 a day.

It is not the quantity of water that is creating the extremely difficult and expensive situation but the pressure from 200 to 300 pounds per square inch at which this water comes into the tunnel.

When we visited the tunnel this flow was in the process of being CANAL PAVER.

sealed off by a heavy lining of gunCONCRETINGREINFORCING EQUIPMENT,STEEL PLACEDCANALIN CANAL.SECTION.

ite, approximately 24 inches thick, CANAL TRIMMER.

which formed a domeshaped gunite LINED CANAL.

bulkhead at the end of the tunnel.

Gunite is a sort of thin concrete the 200 or 300pound pressure per which is blown into place with a square inch which accumulates when device called a gun. A number of this water is held back. When the

INVERT PLACING OPERATIONS NEAR SHAVER'S large steel pipes were imbedded in bulkhead has thus been made thick

SUMMIT. to resist to temthe this permit and strong enough enough bulkhead

SIPHON TRENCH ON TOP OF EAGLE MOUNthis pressure, thus rethe pipes the water escape of above porary andTAIN.

DEWATERING PUMPS AT CABAZON SHAFTavoid, for the time being, having to ferred to will be closed and the enTUNNEL.SAN JACINTO

ACROSSPROGRESS THE DESERT—TAKEN FROM hold the water under high pressure. tire flow will be shut off by pumping

TOP OF EAGLE MOUNTAIN. Thegrout—aplan wasmixtureto pumpof moistlow pressurecement tremelygrout intohighthepressure.crevices underWith exthemethod the residents of the city and sand—into the crevices of the joints or crevices in the rock all

were saved great inconvenience. rock behind this gunite lining until tightly closed by grout which has

At Cajalco Dam, located at the a sufficient thickness of this rock had taken a good firm set, solid rock western end of the main aqueduct, been thus solidly cemented to carry enough will be created through

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

MTW NVJj they would shut off this flow and thus solve the problem.

"But,"I asked, "at what cost per foot of tunnel are you solving this problem?""Cost!"exclaimed the engineer.

itiw. W > 'Aistt "We cannot count cost! This part

of the work is holding up a $220,- 000,000 undertaking. We must

solve the problem. The situation is

too serious for us to stop to count the cost."Be it said again, to the engineer nothing seems to be impossible.

"\\7"e rode into one tunnel a distance of three miles on a storage battery motor car. The completed lining presented an appearance that was excellent. With most

gratifying results the concrete was being forced into the space behind the forms by means of pumps.

The open canal work presented many new and interesting features.

A remarkable but intensely complicated and efficient machine has been devised for placing concrete across the bottom and up the sides of the open canal in one continuous operation. On an average of 460 linear

feet or nearly onetenth of a mile of canal lining, having a thickness of six inches, is completed in a shift of eight hours. Each foot of length of

canal requires 1.41 cubic yards of STEEL SUPPORT USED IN VALVERDE TUNNEL.

concrete. The 460 linear feet put MEN COMING OFF SHIFT—DIVERSION TUNNELS,

in place in eight hours requires PARKERPARKER DAMDAM. PROJECT.

therefore the mixing and placing of 1.35 cubic yards a minute. used for constructing that part of the

While this quantity is small comaqueduct which is laid in an open cut pared with the amount handled and then covered are also equally inwhen building concrete structures of teresting. { See Illustrations.

great bulk, nevertheless placing this quantity of finished lining in this TDerhaps there was no part of this comparatively thin layer on the bot250 or 300 miles of thoroughly tom and up the two sloping sides of modern construction on the largest the canal is but another of the many scale known that was more interestmodern, outstanding achievements ing than the construction of that porin construction which have been detion of the acqueduct which is loveloped on this great project. This cated on the top of Eagle Mountain.

machine travels about one foot a Eagle Mountain is a great wall of minute and completely finishes the rock rising from the flat and barren concrete lining as it goes except for desert of the southern country to an a few touches of the trowel which elevation of approximately 4,000 are made by hand to bring the surfeet. At its eastern end it is a narface to a perfect finish. row range of rock and jagged and

similar machine has been deprecipitate cliffs where even an eagle BIG MORANGO SIPHON A

STEEL FORMS FOR CONDUIT vised for trimming to exact subwould hardly think of building a nest

TRAVELER FOR HANDLING OUTSIDE FORMS grade the canal surface on which the because of the roughness. On the

AND PLACING ARCH CONCRETE. concrete lining is to be laid. The very top at an elevation of approxiCONSTRUCTING CONDUIT MOUNTAIN. main excavation is made by drag mately 500 feet above the plain beWEST OF SAN JACINTO

lines or steam shovels to within aplow, excavations over ridges and which to construct the tunnel and proximately six inches of the reinto hollows of that solid rock ledge to hold back the water. quired grade. The additional mawere being made in which to conWe found in this tunnel the most terial to be removed is then moistenstruct the concrete conduit which

difficult situation that has been ened and the trimmer running on the will carry the 1500 second feet of countered and were gratified at the steel rails takes out the excess mawater over this precipitous mountain confidence of the engineers that soon terial. The other gigantic machines (Concluded on page 423)

GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE LOOKING TOWARD THE Photograph Used bi/ Courtesy Standard Oil o{ Calilornia.

MARINE SHORE FROM SAN FRANCISCO, SHOWING THE WORLD'S LONGEST SINGLE SPAN, 4,200 FEET.

tidalHIGH ABOVE the rushing waters that sweep in and out Longest span through San Francisco's harbor entrance, where ninety years ago Sam Brannan and the good shipBrooklyn with its party of Mormon built by mancolonists passed through the Golden a story by James Adapted for "The Improvement Era"from

Gate, spinning machines-—great Reed, General Manager of the Golden Gate Bridge andmechanical spiders—have for Highway District

months been shuttling back and forth between San Francisco and

Marin County, weaving the webs From this moment on, work on the ations, was partially wrecked by of the thirtysix and onehalf inch Golden Gate Bridge has gone forstorms. Once during a heavy fog

cables that will support the Golden ward without interruption, despite a steamship crashed into it, carryGate Bridge. the fact that contractors on the moning away a large section.

It was but a few short years ago umental project labored in the face But the work progressed and on that men told one another that the of what might a few years ago have March 16, 1934, the first concrete

Golden Gate Bridge never could be been considered insurmountable diffor the fender was poured and the built, that the span was so long that ficulties. fender completed a little over seven

even the catwalk cables would fall Winter storms that whipped up months later. Concrete involved

of their own weight. mountainous seas, swift tides that in this construction amounted to

poryards, the major cubic of the work, 89,000 progress the that there no impeded was They said water by under tion being poured contributed factors other and many that piers for thefoundation mighty support the two seven hundred toward making the job both difficult the tremie method.

fortysix foot bridge towers and that and hazardous. CONSTRUCTION of the southeven though the piers were built, On June 29, 1933, the Marin pier THEtower was perhaps the most

the weight of the tower steel, superwas completed. Construction of the spectacular feat of the entire job.

imposed upon them would result in pier itself, disregarding the access Erection was commenced January their failure. trestle, roads, and landing docks, 10, 1935, and the structure fully

Today the Golden Gate Bridge is required one hundred one working completed June 28, 1935, in the threefourths complete. Not quite days. amazing time of five months and

three years ago it was a "paper proNext, work was commenced on 11.8 days.

ject."Not a shovelful of earth had Marin cable anchorage, another job The McClinticMarshall Corporits staggering proporation, contractor for the steel superben turned—not a pound of steel marked by

had been rolled or fabricated. Entions. structure of the Golden Gate Bridge

emies of the project still were exertExcavations for the south pier won a bonus of $123,000 as a result ing every effort to prevent its getting and fender of the Golden Gate of completing the tower one hundred under way. Bridge, admittedly the most difficult four days ahead of schedule.

Actual construction of the Golden and hazardous part of the job, were The completed tower immediately

Gate Bridge started during the started March 28, 1935. This work, was turned over to the John A.

month of December, 1932, when the which necessitated the application of Roebling's Sons Company of CaliPacific Bridge Company, contractor new and untried engineering methfornia, cable contractors, and on for. the Marin and San Francisco ods, required almost two years to August 2, the first tramway rope

piers, commenced building its roadcomplete. was laid across the Golden Gate and

way and access trestles so that Twice while it was in progress the hoisted to the tops of the two towers.

work might start on the pier at Lime eleven hundred foot access trestle, On August 8, the first catwalk ropes

Point where the Marin bridgehead which had been built out into the acrossthe Gate were similarly placed.

is located. Golden Gate to facilitate pier oper422

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

/ >Jf >tlMMlltM-* -SlSij!i*>V:l*!f'''*M* * M><W#'"i'$0J.,t;Xsi,.J > ""'-"/fJS*!?'.S*

pRiDAY, November 8, 1935, saw the WHENAS THEOPENEDGOLDENTO GATETRAFFIC,BRIDGEMARCHWILL1, 1937.LOOK Fifth: Largest cables ever spun beginning of actual spinning—36y2 inches in diameter with a

operations, when guide wires were First: Situated at outer entrance total length of 7,660 feet each; total

strung from anchorage to anchorof "Gate"to San Francisco Bay length of project, including 6,766 age over each catwalk. World's third most beautiful and feet of approach viaducts, 3% miles.

As this goes to print, spinning extensive harbor. Sixth: Only major public project

operations are proceeding full Second: Largest solid undernow under construction in the

speed ahead, with every expectawater foundation pier in the world United States without federal aid, tion that they will proceed without 155 by 300 feet—115 feet highbut on the contrary, contributing

interruption and the erection of the built on hard rock, against a conover $500,000 to military "replace suspended structure of the bridge tinuous tidal flow of four to eight ments."

will commence in July of this year. miles an hour. Seventh: Architectural treatment

The entire project will be comThird: Highest bridge towers in eliminating commonly used "X"

pleted as scheduled March 1, 1937, the world—746 feet above water bracing, producing unique and beauat a cost of approximately $35,000,- level—tallest structures west of tiful structure.

000. Chicago. 8th: Highest safety record ever

The Golden Gate Bridge is reFourth: Longest span in the achieved in the construction world—

nowned for several significant reaworld-—4200 feet—nearly the comnot a single death or permanent insons, among which are the followbined length of the two major San jury to date—an unprecedented

ing: Francisco Bay spans. record.

NOTHING SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE

(Concluded from page 421)

from the top of the peak through Southern California out of the $220,- came into Los Angeles that city and which the water will be pumped 000,000 available for the entire proits environs have enjoyed a developfrom the valley below. All ordinary ject. ment almost without parallel. That

see thus theymortals can extensive plain do when Caliin Southern will a conParker be The Dam this greatconstructed aqueduct fornia needed only a water supply or crete feet structure high 810 320 and elevation at thisconduit enormous to turn it into a region atunsually feadid over is to exclaim as a place as we of residence and and over turefeet longof thisat structurethe top. Ais thatnotablethe extractive

on this trip: "To the engineer, cavation in the bed of the river, in as a site for intense industrial desurely nothing is impossible."order to reach.solid rock foundation, velopment.

If bringing 440 cubic feet of water To undertake to give a description must be made to a depth of 240 feet.

all tunnels, construction theof or the a in second from the Owens Valley of this shows dam A crosssection all valleys,in of the or Los Angeles the Aqueduct produced details with so the of the bed much of it under regard to the various reservoirs, in river that the portion of the dam in Los Angeles of today, an almost this short article is of course out of view will be to the whole structure matchless center of wealth, populathe question. The pictures presented little more than the roof is to a great tion, and industrial undertaking, let

will tell the story in a more interestmansion. the imagination picture what transing way than can words. formation this 1500 second feet of

In the early morning the last day This $220,000,000 water supply water, pure, clean, and sparkling of our trip we drove to the Parker project stands out as evidence to the from the Colorado River, will make

Dam site for breakfast. Parker Dam world of the courage and daring of during the next twentyfive or fifty

site is 150 miles below the Boulder the people of Southern California. years in this country with its producDam. The work of constructing Their faith and confidence is based tive soil and its matchless climate!

this dam is being done by the Six on the outstanding success of the The courageous and enterprising

Companies, Inc., contractors for the Owens River Aqueduct which was characters in Southern California

United States Bureau of Reclamacompleted in 1913 with a water carwho have made this great undertaktion, the bill to be paid, however, by rying capacity of 440 cubic feet per ing possible deserve to have their the Metropolitan Water District of second. From the time that water names preserved forever.

ibditonai eurck Missouri,covenant, andcontainingIllinois,thehe truthcarriedof arevelation,new ark offreethe amioneenng

TfRE PIONEER is an explorer, a prophet, and a dom to believe according to one's own convictions, conqueror. He explores the discovered do- a spiritual equivalent of every temporal act; rewards

main; upon his findings he predicts its possibilities; here and hereafter proportioned to the acceptance

then, indifferent to personal toil and sacrifice, he of truth. Brigham Young carried the same message

makes his vision come true. The benefits of his into the intermountain West; the ship Brooklyn

realized dreams bless those who follow him, in into California; and every missionary into the field

increasing volume, to the latest generation. By where he labors. The essential pioneering message

such tests the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterof "Mormonism"is spiritual. It must be so, for

day Saints is a true pioneering organization. "out of [the heart] are the issues of life."The

The trail of the Latterday Saints from the activities of the Church, one and all, converge upon

Atlantic to the Pacific, is a succession of conquests that message.

over surrounding conditions. Marshes were Forever let us honor the pioneer, whether in

drained into lush meadows; the forlorn prairie was temporal or spiritual fields, forever let us retain and

enlivened with cities and wide fields; the vast, use the pioneering spirit. The welfare of the world

western desert was made the abiding place of an is bound up with the pioneer, for without him there

A, V/, incomparable civilization. Churches, schools and is no progress.—J.

homes are the milestones of the trail; and the solitude is broken by the laughter of happy children. Jxeeping [Pace with me

In hundreds of cities and thousands of households, age looks back with joy upon a task well done, [Pioneers maturity labors to meet the problems of the day, Tn 1861, when the Pony Express carried Lincoln's and youth peers eagerly into a future made certain inaugural address from the eastern railroad through the labors of those who have gone before. terminus to the West coast in seven days and

In the more refined realm of the spirit, the Latterseventeen hours—that was an achievement. But

day Saints have pioneered as fearlessly and sucit would not be today! Any one of untold milhons

cessfully. When men's beliefs were set in straightof Americans could leisurely cover the same disjackets, limited in place and time and space, the tance today in an outmoded car of doubtful

"Mormon"Pioneers taught the eternity of life vintage—and with time to spare. But it would

and its associated cosmos. A word in Holy Writ not be an achievement. It would be merely a

was shown to be less sacred than the meaning it mediocre performance that milhons may repeat attempted to convey. Great periods of time took millions of times.

the place of mechanical days of creation. Man, Damming a small stream in an arid region to

instead of being a fortuitous creature of earth, was make parched, sunbaked soil arable, thereby inraised to immeasurable dignity-—a son of God, troducing modern irrigation to the West, was the

preexistent, imperishable; engaged in an endless achievement of the Mormon Pioneers of 1847.

spiritual enterprise; traveling upward and onward But it takes the building of a Boulder Dam or a

as in an eternal journey, in which chance was Metropolitan Water Aqueduct, or a Golden Gate replaced by law, and the direction determined by Bridge to equal that achievement today in terms of the subjection of the will to rational, defensible, comparative opportunity and accomplishment.

divine truth. Truth! truth! wherever found, in In 1883, when President Grant made one of his

laboratory, study or the prophet's vision, and truth first trips to New York City, incredulous Amerused in harmony with the divine plan, became the icans were still "aweing"the recently completed issue of life, the heart's very desire. Men of earth sixstory Equitable building, then the highest strucbecame partners with the Lord in the work of ture in America. That "skyscraper"was an archisalvation. That was the greatest pioneering adtectural and structural achievement. But it would

venture of the Latterday Saints, and so it remains. not be today. Today, the "super structure"of 1 883

The new vision of eternal life and everlasting purhas entered the realm of the commonplace.

pose, with freedom to break with superstition and And so illustrations could be multiplied. Within

tradition, expanded the souls of men, and gave certain limits the theory of relativity may be apthem new happiness and lasting courage. plied to other things than motion in space. AdWhen Joseph Smith led the people to Ohio, mitting the "absolutes"—the fundamental virtues,

the changeless truths, and the immutable laws In July, Latterday Saipts reverence those sturdy the living of life is in many respects a relative and intrepid Pioneers who made their trek across matter, pioneering is a comparative term, and the plains rather than sacrifice their ideals. Their

achievement is a variable. To state the proposition trip was not a gesture of bravado but a desperate

otherwise, if we do merely the things that our movement for integrity. Homes they gladly sacrifathers did, actually we do less than they, because ficed on the altar of their devotion to truth.

our opportunities and advantages are superior to Thoughts of self went into the discard as they theirs. planned for the greatest good of the greatest

We marvel at the accomplishments of the early number. Death they would welcome for themChurch missionaries—John Taylor, Wilford selves if only it would insure to their posterity

Woodruff, Heber C. Kimball, and others—men freedom to live right.

who with virtually no material advantages acIn July, we Latterday Saints of today should complished the seemingly impossible. Today, with pledge ourselves more fully to that which we know

facilities for sending messages around the world to be true. Today we may not be called to display

seven times a second, with facilities to travel great evidence of our integrity in a dramatic manner, distances quickly, and to meet thousands where but by a quiet, undemonstrative, consistent folthey saw only a few;—-today with printing presses lowing of the good which will influence toward

to flood the earth with any message we may have right living many with whom we associate. Emerfor its people, how much greater should be our son said:

success than theirs in bringing many to a knowl- "Nor knowest thou what argument edge of truth! Thy life to thy neighbor's creed has lent."

The last one hundred years has seen progress

Today our task is perhaps more difficult andin the advancement of knowledge and in the upbuilding of the Church such as generations and even more significant than that of our forefathers.

centuries before have never seen. The next hunTheirs was to withdraw from a world which perdred years we dare to hope and have reason to secuted them. Ours is to blazon the path for a

believe, will be equally blessed with progress and world which has lost its way. The Church has

achievement in all good and worthwhile things. pointed the road for us to follow. Each of us must

But regardless of the record of the century now travel the road alone and yet for the benefit of the past or of the still unwritten record of the century group. Each today must do his duty in the paythat lies ahead, the future will not be a time of ment of his tithes and of his fast offerings; each

achievement for us unless we learn to "keep pace must do his best to till the soil; to be of constructive

with the Pioneers."aid to his community. Individual praise may not

To keep pace with the Pioneers does not mean be sung, any more than the praise of the Pioneers to do as well as they did in an absolute sense. It was an individual affair. But as each does his

means rather to progress as far as they progressed; duty, the Church as a whole will reap the reward

to extend new frontiers as far as they extended and the renown as did the Church through the them; to push from the known into the unknown willing sacrifices made by the various companies of

as far as they did; to contribute as much to the the toiling Pioneers. As each of us cooperates.

permanent uplift of the world as they did; to upLatter-day Saints will become an independent and

hold ideals and principles with as much devotion at the same time a united people, fulfilling the sloas they did; and to express loyalty to truth in as gan of a great country: Each for all, and all for

tangible a manner as they did. R. L. E. each.

Loyalty is a crying need in the world today:

loyalty to home, to personal integrity, to country, to Church. Let us Latterday Saints clear the

Tn July, citizens of the United States think of the forest and make a beaten path for the accomplishglorious Fourth with a thrill of pleasure because ment of these loyalties by our adherence to those it commemorates that day one hundred and sixty principles which gave sure footing to countless years ago when the United States became a nation. peoples who sacrified all except their integrity to

Too frequently we do not go behind the celebration cast their lots with our religion. Can we who have

to see that the greatest meaning the day has is one been the recipients of the benefits derived from of integrity and loyalty. Patriotism alone did not their sacrifices do less?

impel these earlier Americans to make so valiant a If we remain loyal, our satisfaction will not come stand. Their intense loyalty to principles made from the blaze of cannons or the blare of trumpets,

them willing to give their lives rather than sacrifice but will come from hearing the still small voice their standards. which is the voice of God.-—M. C. /.

MORMON WOMAN THE OLD SPINNING WHEEL TO A PIONEER LADY

By Edith Checrington By Georgia Moore Eberling By LaRene King Bleeckcr

silvery there, that of the a part massive moun- I can seems Tt see you moon took GOD -* hair; straightONtainTHESErangeloved hills—this erect her dusted Prim it over in your and low chair; And

Distance shows a blue ridge high and Hair brushed back from your smooth, fair The blue of the skies.

strange, brow Shines deep in her eyes,

Remote and cruel savage of the earth; Only your wheel is left there now. She's dainty, and fragile, and fair.

But it was this rough land which gave her birth; Oh Pioneer Mother, you live for me. He took the hue of the pink petalled dawn

Its fruit became her flesh and from its stone For all of the fruits of your toil I see! And gently tinted her face;

carved her human framework, bone AndWas bone. by And thinkI like ofto allsit ofin youryourlovelowbackedand care.chair WithHe moldedsymmetricalher formcharm

rare, grace. queenly her a gave And I like in light that land to hope

let trace fancy at her your and Look now till rest night. from That you may momof Its in face; features her soul rugged the blended fashioned handsome her from He

I feel look space boundless over But as you cliff limb granite her every brow, her The mauve still lips place,"is the "This murmur: Your

tree straight vigor, violet's pine unfurled. a Proclaims blossom, and a Of

slim, For you sought a home and a refuge here He made her of gold

Rounding from supple trunk to muscled And I know your heart still holds it dear. And then broke the mold;

thighs. So it seems to me I can see you there A pearl on the breast of the world.

The blue of unmarked space is in her eyes; Prim and erect in your straight low chair.

Her browned and agile fingers are the roots He gave her the heart of a dew* rose;

Searching the stony ground for hidden Its perfume and coloring blend;

fruits. SO YOUNG And,Oh, canwouldyou youconceivebelieveit? it?

The daughter of a recreated land, By Clara Aiken Speet He gave her to me for a friend!

She stands as proudly as the mountains stand npHEY WERE SO young, those mothers who frontiers. the vast vigor her from Drawing the covered with wagon's -* Rocked sway. ARISE O YOUTH

Pioneers. the from Her courage Mormon the hills plains across the and Over

Into the sunset, day after day. By Ruth May Fox

in the steps AS THE REDWOODS They were so young, those mothers who A RISE O Youth and follow Bore and reared a numerous brood ** Of that devoted band whose call divine

By Amy Bower To people an empire with men of strength To teach God's truth and spread His marAnd women of tranquil fortitude. velous work

o Hgrooves!HEART, be peaceful as the redwood They were so young, those mothers who Was answered by a willingness sublime. And may tranquility Grew old and withered before their time. O blessed memory are they! As did

Flow into life as sunshine flows Striving to plant the ancient faith Elijah's mantle fall upon his friend

Into a redwood tree. Into the soil of an alien clime. With twofold power, so may their loyalty.

Their faith upon the Youth of Israel

O heart, be fragrant as the redwoods are! They were so young, those mothers who descend.

And may each memory Were a part of the trail and the new

Be sweet with deeds of kindliness land's glean, With such an heritage, O Zion's Youth,

And fine sincerity. Like one who rests where grief has carved: With dreams prophetic of a glorious goal.

"Jennie, Loved Wife, Aged Seventeen."And God's transcendent power to guide

Oh heart, keep growing as the redwoods your steps grow, You cannot fail the whisperings of your grace and dignity; With

the storms but blow to birth CHALLENGE soul.And may

A new, fresh energy. By Alberta H. Christensen The Youth,coming years are yours, O valiant

test In strength, to knowledge, your which this burial place not of a SHALL make skill, and WE IN TRUST ARMS cries sickened our Although dream WE this suffering, sintorn Regenerate world for sleep. out

the turn Father's hearts men's to do Claude Weimer And By that feeble cannot so keep Are we we will.

that race with heritage strong of bond Our trust. that shout words The God we soil fathers the of sayIN not would Our who crisis the of aloud, knocks ages The repeat. phrases But empty we yield, to fought "Defeat"? them make They Is at for pleading help your let and door in plans out ourWhile God we yield and

trust; fleet. trust in fort put our and And the plain desert and and They did—the you, batter For to Youth, the walls down O field.

lust. selfishness prejudice crash the forget nations and and OfAs we clouds though darkness unwanted What that more. hosts no march pompous Of today.

truth. justice, love, yourselves like the with and dash broken Arm power wasWhose still flows within throbbing blood our Their

to shore. the sure Father's You're at rocky some upon waves Of veins; win—your wheel;

shine; Arise forIn in arms waits and you, arms your armor we trust, too have that burst We dreamed our dreams—a nazeal. shall glory untold overhead; hatred your thundering reward In And tion's prize

And, wreathing graves that war has cursed. Nor shall it turn to dust before our eyes.

We plead God's blessing on our dead. For faith is still beyond the reach of chains. To build the towers of Zion is your right

From their resplendent spires your songs

We hesitate to do His will. Our dream shall never be consigned to shall ring

Afraid of faith our lips confess, death 'This yours to bear the standard of the Lord

A faith if kept, more potent still While in the dreamer pulses blood and And yours to shout the triumph of the

Than all the arms we now possess. breath! King.

Foxtail By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

"The kind of fever I have can't here a bride. It had been spring

be cured by lying down."Gladys and they had driven up alone in the

left her rocker and started toward old Model T, outwardly gay, banand a little awed tering; inwardly to encourage him. Huh—coming

still the see frightened. He could he knew word of mouth when him by

mentally she was curling her lips. questioning sparkle of her eye, the

Coming to tell him he'd done his best high flush of her cheek, as they had when she knew there was no best opened the kitchen door together.

in him. With two quick strides he He had been so full of plans. Fragwas off the porch, the screen door ments of his dreams, his ambitions,

banging behind him. In his panic he came crowding helterskelter

colhded with a neighbor's wife. through his mind and a long, shudhim. sigh burst from dering What but she began, "I'm so sorry—,"haphad happened? What had she added, defiantly, as he stiffened

"I just ran over to see Gladys."pened? Where along the way had

Without answering, he turned he lost his touch? His head throband swung rapidly away, across the bed with the uncertainty, and with an

garden, through the grasschoked effort he turned his thoughts.

orchard, into the pasture. Gladys now, there had been no

Gone. With each staccato step letdown to her. She had a Midas'

the words hammered at his brain. touch. And she never scolded, that

Gone, and with them his pitifully was against her code. Oh, she'd

she? all right; or had game been still owing and Gone, income. small A BREATH, THAN SCARCELY MORE IT WAS to be true? too she game Wasn't winter. HANDS GREAT MAN'S ate last THE IT BROUGHT HeBUT for the hay they

INTO A HARD stopped and looked back. The When she didn't talk he had only

house was small, the barn and sheds to guess at what she was thinking.

none too good. Not much of a place,

it was his. Just Ihere was a sharp prick-. ONE. The last cow but he had thought

had turned the bend. Slowly, deter- a question of time now until he'd ing at the calf of his leg. Mechanminedly, CLINCH.GWalt turned his burning have to leave it. After all the man ically he rolled up his overalls. A

eyes. Through the open doorway that worked for wages was lucky. ripe foxtail had worked through and

he could see Gladys by the window. He had no mortgages clinging like had already made a sore. He re-

"Well?"The word carried a a leech, souring his hopes, turning moved the head and crushed it betinge of defiance, hopeless struggle, his core rotten. He could eat, sleep, tween his fingers. Crafty stuff.

silent heartbreak. and be merry. Out here one could Once it got a start it was worse than

"Well,"she halfwhispered it and eat, especially when wife raised the a mortgage. It was the reason for

else last sleep was something persistently the but followed to a fly garden, hay eyesher his having buy two 'night it after It "they're gone."screen, the and Night again. hay taken porch had winters. hadon the

He waited, nerves taut. This teased hira with its soothing forgetthe pasture just as the mortgage had

couldn't happen to him without fulness but took care to keep a taken the cows.

without an antichmax. Why didn't proper distance. A clutching wave of desolation

she scold? Why didn't she remind swept over him. There was Bobby

thehim she had been expecting it all V >ROSSiNG the accusing—and his Great Dream. Letalong? Why didn't she say the emptiness of the pasture, Walt made cows go, let the place go. He could

place would soon go, too? Oh, for the big locust that grew on a stand both if he had to, but if Bobby

Great Ceasar's ghost, why didn't high spot by the farthest pasture lost faith—httle tyke had a way with

she say something and have it over? fence. Flinging himself on the grass him, made a man feel his power

Anything would be better than starbeneath it he closed his eyes. If he like yesterday. Someone had suging stupidly at a buzzing fly. could keep them closed two minutes gested Bobby should be a mechanic.

"Well?"Again. A man couldn't maybe that queerness in his head He had looked up in childish scorn.

defend himself until he was accused. would leave. Maybe, if he could "Nuffin'doin'. I'm going to be

"S-sh. Bobby is asleep."think clearly for two minutes, he like my Dad—dist like my own

Bobby. Walt's battling emotions could see his way out of all this. Dad."

were suddenly stilled to an aching No good, trying to think. Sitting He was young yet, but time was

numbness. up abruptly he put his clasped hands fleeting. There was a day coming

"You'd better lie down. You around his knees and looked again soon when he would see clearly.

look feverish."at the house and barn. A shadow fell across the grass

So. She had decided to speak Not much of a place but pretty and his neighbor. Bill Oliver, dropafter all. He laughed, a loud cracklgood when a man owned it. Not so ped beside him.

ing laugh. long ago he had brought Gladys {Continued on page 449)

The story OF OUR Hymns By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret

GEORGE D. PYPER Sunday School Union and a Member

of the Church Music Committee

it has been generallyALTHOUGH writing that the believed of 111. (ome, Lome, ije Saints Saints""Come, Come, Ye

took place on the Pioneer journey between Winter Quarters and Salt By WILLIAM CLAYTON

Lake City, the hymn really was written while the company of Brigham

Young, of which William Clayton was a member, was at or near Locust

Creek, about fortythree days out on the journey from Nauvoo to Winter

Quarters. William Clayton's diary

has a very brief note concerning it under the date of Wednesday, April 15, 1846: "This morning I composed a new song—All is Well."

As far as known this is the only reference to the origin of the hymn recorded in any of the writings of the author or other Pioneers. In

the Relief Society Magazine (Vol. the purpose named in President If this be death, I soon shall be

free; sorrow pain and every the following page8, 57, 1921), it request: purported Young's see glory was FromI shall of the king is told: Young, "Presidentstory at the campevening sung in the is is well!* All well! All

feeling great anxiety because there fires; it gave them succor and supwere murmurings in the camp of port, and helped them to lay aside No doubt it was from this source

Israel, called Elder William Clayton useless cares and "fight the many that William Clayton got the tune aside and said: 'Brother Clayton, troubles and trials of the journey."and "Mormonized"it to fit "Come,

that the to write you a hymnI want Come, Ye Saints."in 'T'he tune to "All is Well"is of campflres, sing at their canpeople pathetic incidents have Many

the evening; something that will give English origin, and was brought been told of the Pioneer treks. Presthem succor and support, and help down by oral tradition until its apident Heber J. Grant, in an article

them to fight the many troubles and pearance in Union Harmony and on "Our Favorite Hymns,"pubtrials of the journey.'Elder Clayton Original Sacred Harp, early Southlished in The Improvement Era,

withdrew from the camp and in two ern publications. It was derived (volume 17, part 2, 1914) writes

hours returned with the hymn fafrom the folk song "Good Morning, that Oscar Winters, his fatherin- miliarly known as 'Come, Come, Ye Gossip Joan,"which still persists in law, related to him the following

Saints.'His personal testimony is Virginia oral tradition as "Good story:

to the effect that... it was writMorning, Neighbor Jones."In "One night, as we were making

ten under the"favor and inspiration 1844, two years before the exodus, camp, we noticed one of our brethof the Lord. J. T. White, of Georgia, revised the ren had not arrived and a volunteer

This story or something like it has song, giving it more emotional vigor. party was immediately organized to

been published many times, but some The first verse of the old version return and see if anything had haphave questioned its authenticity, beruns as follows: pened to him. Just as we were

cause William Clayton made no "What's this that steals (that steals) upon about to start, we saw the missing frame my bediary, in his and of itmention it Is Is it death? death? old the From Folk Hymns: * "Twelve original to be no seemscause there will Oral soon from quench Books and That (will quench) this Shape Note Hymn

record of the incident. But whether mortal flame Tradition."Published by J. Fischer & Bro.,

or not it is authentic, the song served Is it death? Is it death? 119 West 40th St., N. Y. 1934.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

brother coming in the distance. "Come, Come, Ye Saints,"within

When he arrived he said he had the small space of its four stanzas, been quite sick; so some of us unepitomizes the wearying hardships,

yoked his oxen and attended to his the unfaltering faith, the indomitable part of the camp duties. After supcourage, the unconquerable spirit of

per, he sat down before the campthe Mormon Pioneers.

fire on a large rock and sang in a Stanza I is a challenge to the courvery faint but plaintive and sweet age of the Pioneers: though the jourvoice, the hymn 'Come, Come, Ye ney may be hard the grace of God

Saints.'It was a rule of the camp will strengthen them; useless cares

that whenever anybody started this will be thrown aside; murmurings

hymn all in the camp should join, will cease. As a recompense, joy!

but for some reason this evening noAll will be well!

body joined him. He sang the hymn WILLIAM CLAYTON Stanza II spiritualizes the Pioneer

alone. When he had finished I endeavor: why mourn? Why ex-

a single if there dry eyedoubt was in next morning Come, Come, Ye Saints shunpect atherewardfight? if"Girdthey upfalter?your Whyloins, the camp. we The

noticed that he was not yoking up By WILLIAM CLAYTON fresh courage take. Our God will

never us forsake"—another call forhis cattle. We went to his wagon COME, come, ye Saints, no toil nor

and found that he had died during labor fear. fortitude with a glorious promise.

way; your with joy But wend III Stanza gives grave of temassurancethe night. a shallow dug We this journey hard to you may poral that joys: find Saints will the the covered had body Tho'and after we appear,

with the earth we rolled the large Grace shall be as your day. a resting place in the West as forestone to the head of the grave to 'Tis better far for us to strive told by their Prophet. There they

drive; us to useless cares from Our will violence; safe be from stone he had mobs and on whichmark it—the will this, hearts your joy and Do will there sitting swell they night the the beforebeen when swell—air with

he sang: 'And should we die before All is well! All is well! music and praises to God their King.

their dedicates Stanzaour journey's anew IV through—Happy should day! Why..'we mourn, or think our lives to their task. is well,. LivingAll or dying

lot is hard?

"I noticed tears in my fatherin- 'Tis not so; all is right! they will be true; if the latter, they

law's eyes when he finished relating Why should we think to earn a great will find a celestial home with the this incident,"continued President reward. just, free from toil and sorrow; if

the shun fight? If we now the former, their lives spared, theyGrant, "and I imagined the reason

loins, courage fresh your Gird up he did not relate to me another far take. will shout praises to God. and make

more touching incident to him was Our God will never us forsake; the chorus swell with "All is well!

the fear that he might break down, And soon we'll have this truth to fell—All is well!"

I subsequently learned that after he All is well! All is well! Truly, "Come, Come, Ye Saints"

had been located for some time in We'll find the place which God for is worthy to be classed among the

Pleasant Grove, he came to Salt us prepared. great hymns of Christian literature,

in the West; Far away his cheerthe with a with team because andLake the poet has caught

shall none come to hurt or Where his toful heart mother. meet sentiment spirit and oppressed of an When afraid; make

the company arrived he learned that There the Saints will be blessed. people and crystallized them into

she, too, had died before her jourWe'll make the air with music sing—simple verse which arouses the into praises our Shout God sleepingney's in an end of the multitude. and was

we'll the rest these words Above and King;tell—terest plains grave vast on theunknown is well! is well! All All Concerning the AuTHORf Missouri the herebetween and

River. Some years later when enAnd ney'sshouldthrough,we die before our jourXiLLiAM Clayton, a native of

gineers of the Burlington Railroad Happy day! All is well! Penwortham, Lancashire, Engwere surveying the route in NebrasWe then are free from toil and sorrow land, first saw the light of day, July

ka, they ran across a piece of wagon too; 17, 1814. The earliest missionaries

shall dwell. the With just we visited in 1837 England found whotire sticking in the with the ground

lives if our are again spared it. But convert an ardent Clayton in young chiseledword 'Winters'upon Saints, the rest their see obtain, ToThey immediately surmised, know- O how we'll make this chorus swell—and he was soon baptized, ordained

ing they were on the old Mormon All is well! All is well! to the Priesthood and set apart as

Pioneer trail, that the piece of wagon a missionary. In March, 1838, upon

tire must mark the grave of one of the return of Apostles Heber C.

the Pioneers, so they very considerKimball and Orson Hyde to Amerately went back several miles and ica, William Clayton became second changed the line of the road so as to counselor to President Joseph Fieldmiss the grave, and sent an account ing, holding that position until 1 840.

of what they had discovered to the In the meantime he closed up his priDeseret News, asking if any one vate business and devoted himself knew about the grave. The railto missionary work in Manchester,

road company have since built a neat where at the end of eighteen months little fence about the grave, and the he reported 240 members in the

Winters family have erected a little monument of temple granite on ton'sfGleanedlife in fromthe L.sketchesD. S. ofBiographicalWilliam ClayEn-

which is chiseled the fourth verse of clyclopedia and William Clayton's Journal.

"Come, Come, Ye Saints."( Concluded on page 44 1

Exploring the universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

*i T Tp, please,"will be said by salmon 'lephant heartbeats are half as A TEN TON truck could be lifted oflE * to the men controlling the fish 'rapid as human heartbeats. the ground by the dirigible Hindenelevators or ladders when the seventyburg with the force of its sway added

tv/o foot high Bonneville is completed to that of a 20 mile an hour wind.

on the Columbia River. The elevators A Unicorn, the fabulous animal with It is to meet such an upward pull that

are concrete shafts designed so they a single horn on the forehead, has ground crews have to strain frantically can be emptied and flooded with water. been produced artificially. An Ayron their ropes in efforts to get the

The fish are admitted inside the shaft, shire day old calf had his two horn dirigible grounded.

the entrance gates closed, and water buds cut and moved together to a point admitted to flood the chamber raising on the forehead midway between the the fish to the top of the dam, whence original horn positions. After two A SIMPLE process for producing perthey can go on up the river to spawn. years the buds had grown together and manent colored surfaces on many

formed one exceptionally large and metals has been developed. Copper,

long horn, molded into the skull bones iron, brass, and other metals can take

Cummer sunshine in the northern for support. brilliant and beautiful colors whose

United States has six times as much exact hue can be controlled. The colors

power to give sunburn as winter sunare made by an electrochemical proshine. T AST SUMMER the grasshoppers and cess and have a remarkable perma-

>- crickets were so thick in the Jacknency. son Hole—Yellowstone region that

A NEW COMET will be easily visible they made the road slippery. Bears

"to the naked eye during the latter ate these insects by the bushel, preferHHwo GIANT gold nuggets have been part of July when it can be seen in the ring them even to the usual meals from discovered in the Ural mountains northern constellation Cepheus just behotel garbage. in Russia. They weigh approximately

fore dawn each morning. This will be 21 and 31.5 lbs. each.

the first comet visible to the naked eye since 1927, and the brightest since the A N alert truck farmer in Arkansas last appearance of the famous Halley has met competition from warmer A BOUT an inch of brown hail and sleet comet in 1910. An amateur astronareas by the use of an electrical hotbed, fell in New Hampshire during the

omer, L. C. Peltier, discovered and capable of growing 1,000,000 plants in early morning of February 25, 1936.

reported it to the Harvard University onetenth of an acre. Temperatures The hail had a distinct brownish, purObservatory. of from 5060 degrees Fahrenheit can ple color, and contrasted markedly with

be maintained in the ground when the the pure white snow beneath. Close

outside temperatures are as low as 10examination revealed that the color

HPhe 200INCH telescope mirror disk 15 degrees below freezing. Eight was due to minute particles of soil,

now at Pasadena, California, is to thousand feet of soil heating cable were probably from the dust storms in the have a beauty treatment such as no used, having a heating capacity of 50 West.

woman ever receives. Mounted under kilowatts of power.

a special grinding machine, carefully to shape the mirror, rouge will be used Cmoking dulls the acuteness of taste as a very fine grinding material in the jDoisoN IVY is often a source of unfor both sugar and salt. When

finishing process. The rouge used will pleasant experiences in the summer. smoking is stopped, however, the ability

be not unlike that used by women on It can be recognized by the characterto taste returns to normal. Experitheir faces. istic form of the leaf "which is divided ments showed that when two of the

into three leaflets. "Leaflets three, let individuals tested tried to sneak in even

it a couple be!"during the contains of smokes Poison ivy a milky nonconnection between a'T'here may be juice their taste for period blisters smoking skin contact, sugar the which on

of Central America the Maya and but them. the betrayed be washing removed by may

the Mound Builders of Kentucky. The exposed parts with soap and water.

designs, plumed a certain ofpresence also Treatment be made by demay in stars an sevenpointedeagle and stroying the poison oxidizing with an /'"AFFEIN, the nervestimulating alkacity and of Kentuckyancient buried like solution cent a agent 5 of per loid of coffee decreased the reacpossible art indicate a inalso Maya potassium permanganate. tion time (increased the speed) butconnection.

also decreased the accuracy in a simple hand movement test.

in A braham's early connection with A ROBOT balloon, twenty feet "'"Ur of the Chaldees,"given in diameter and made of cellophane, has at launched been ColSwarthmore is tradition, stronglyBiblical supported cars entering the Indianapolis 'T'he

It lege. the for studying was made research. archaeological names Theby this races automobile year had rays, upper cosmic atmosphere and also been have and to AbramAbraham tests. pass very hard did only Not carrying recording it automatic with tablets contract Babylonianfound on they to qualify have making by good apparatus. witthe B.of C. 2200 about Among itself the time track also on but they

nesses to the contract were Jacob and had to be checked by a complex, elecJoseph. trical device called a magnaflux. To

CouND WAVES can be used to test detect unseen flaws, every vital part samples of steel and other metals which has strain on it during the race /ONTRARY to popular belief, rattlefor flaws. The sound waves used was immersed in an oil containing a

snakes do not always give warning vibrate so rapidly that they cannot be black magnetized powder. If there

and it is almost impossible to get some heard by human car. They are prowere hidden cracks, when the solution

of them to rattle, nor can they hear duced from electrically excited quartz was washed off, these cracks were distheir own rattles. crystals. tinctly drawn in sharp black lines.

Moving mountains By WALTER L. BAILEY

THE STORY THUS FAR

Spike Ambry, engineer for the freighter "Banaza"with Bob

Hamond and Dan Bolin, assistant engineers, was stranded in the

Arctic region. Gathering provisions, the three rigged up a cave

on an iceberg. As their ship was crushed by two mountains of

ice, the radio's dying voice floated out to them: "Lo, I am with

you alway, even unto the end of the world!"Bob and Dan

explored the berg, leaving old Spike asleep. When they returned

he had gone. Setting out to find him, they reached a water lane,

across which they heard him calling. Dan hurried back to their

cave for guns while Bob pushed ahead to find a crossing.

Suddenly, he found himself facing a huge wall of ice, broken, ridgecut, up which he climbed to find himself confronted by a huge polar bear. Trying

to escape it, he lost his footing and catapulted into a mist'filled gorge.

Chapter Five—Into the Gorge not hurt him. Above, dimly outlined anxiety in his voice in spite of its

in the gray haze, he saw the head calmness.

and shoulders of the polar bear, "No,"Bob answered. "Are you?"

the at him. over Would no.""Luckily, Bob peering faster—to to beast try the narrow jump tumbled rapidly from words Then the smooth,went slidingEASTER—down

steeply slanted ice toward the mistledge? old Spike's mouth.

shrouded brink of the gorge. While, Bob picked himself up from the "I saw the bear fall. No more

not far behind, came the surefooted ice, and as he did so things began to trouble from him, thanks to Dan.

in earnest. somehappen From stillbear, intent this catching on I the in cave back up woke When old close by, ledge the on wheremancreature enter dared had who I missing, found boys two you and

itself, lifted cutting Spike's voicehis little icy domain. paid But Bob started for to look out and was you like a the Arctic through haze toheed going what behind on was off cut that the from berg waterby lifted his voice echo. haunting Bobhim. rivattention His whole was lane up. that opening bear Then in of reply. the while echoes Andeted the directly on danger ahead

rifle hopped on and knocked my me still reverberated his voice ownthe gorge. yawning no There was

it in find again Couldn't cliffs, a awinding. the through hazehiddenpossible to himself stop as way no

I the mist to run. climbed and had ice the above. sharply barked onicy in his obstructions lay to rifle path

ice the of on, mountain we're hoping which he might catch and cling, and Glancing up quickly. Bob saw the to lose the bear. But he wouldn'the to bear of the grip polar no claws with hazedimmed form had which lose. off brute forced the The me

itself of rear thethe brink ice as high the smooth very bear on behind cliff this there. ledge up Lucky was

desperately. had. the ice, pawinghim The here."

pitchmist next instant its huge body was He slid The on—helplessly. to- "And lucky for me, too,"said mist the throughbegan to whizz speed. by at a terrific ing downward

Desperately he dug at the slippery ward him, twisting and turning over Bob. "I got a sliding start down

ice. The gorge was suddenly diand over. Bob took a half dozen the ice and couldn't stop."

rectly below, waiting to swallow quick steps along the ledge to get out "Come on!"said old Spike sudhim. Bob whirled his feet around of the path of the falling body. denly, listening intently for a mobefore him as he went over the icy The bear thudded on the ice directly ment to the loud roaring coming to

edge. behind him, rolled crazily to its feet them through the haze, "The ice

Down, down he dropped, until his and staggered this way and that. will be breaking up shortly and we

feet struck ice, sending him sprawlThen the animal's body reeled over must get back on the berg with our ing flat on his back. Sitting upright, the edge of the narrow ledge and supplies before it breaks. Nothing

he stared up through the haze which plunged on downward. would make that noise but broken,

was gray as ashes on all sides. The Bob began to breath again. Aldriving ice, forced forward by a terice was trembling violently under most joyously he whispered the rific storm."

him. The faroff rumbling had words: "I am with you alway, Already the haze was being whipdrawn dangerously close. even unto the end of the world."ped violently about by the rising

But in spite of these sinister warnHis heart was still thumping hard gale. Together they moved rapidly

ings, a thrill of joy ran through Bob: when old Spike's voice broke calmly along the ledge, searching the waH

he was still alive! By luck he had over the Arctic rumblings at his of ice for a possible way to climb

landed on a narrow ledge barely elbow. to the top. But no way was to be

twenty feet down. And the fall had "Are you hurt?"There was {Continued on page 453)

hmLun

Norwegian Mission Conferences Held New Mission President appointed Bailey AssociaXTZ Improvement Mutual was Frank npHE 1936, Elder A. Richard May 23,Qn "the of president as "'* April Association tions 23 Primary and the o Stake, president Peterson Emery President to succeed Mission Latthe Christ Hawaiian of of of Jesus Church this mission, president of appointedwas Bailey served Castle their H. conMurphy. Mr. Saints annual terday held

ferences from June 11 to June 15. four and onehalf years as a missionHawaiian Temple President Chosen

/N June 6, Edward L. Clissold, first

counselor in the Oahu stake presidency of Honolulu, Hawaii, was appointed president of the Hawaiian

Temple by the First Presidency of the

Church. President Clissold has long

been active in Church work on the islands. He served as a missionary to

Hawaii from 19211924. In 1925, he

returned to the islands and has been engaged in business there. He served

as chairman of the mission council of organthe Mission from its Hawaiian

A. RICHARD PETERSON

five years ization by Castle H. Murphy

succeeding Elder Milton O. Knudson. dencyago untilof thehis appointmentstake. to the presiNew Missionary Home Leader Rigby Stake FRANK BAILEY

Chosen /N Sunday, May 10, 1936, Hyrum ary in Hawaii from 1914 to 1919. Elder

"Plder John H. Taylor, head of the T. Moss was appointed president Bailey, with his family, left June 3rd

*- Latterday Saint Missionary Home of this stake with Omer S. Cordon and from Salt Lake City to assume his

at Salt Lake City, Utah, for the past Pleasant W. Dabell as counselors. new duties.

eight years, has been succeeded by J. Temple Logan to the according SessionsWyley First Lincoln Ward—Granite Stake 13, 1936, Joseph B. Daynes r\t\ May news. the released Presidency who

appointed B. was Richards to as assistant is \17'iLLARD Presappointed was Taylor, who Elder 1936. 19,May

of Sunday, ident of the Bishop on William Logan A, Noble of this Ward presidents first seven theone of

Seventies, will use his time in the purMay, 10, 1936. Temple.

suance of his duties in this field.

JOHN H. TAYLOR J. WYLEY SESSIONS

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

J. Wyley Sessions has done a great ARRIVED MAY 4, 1936DEPARTED MAY 14, 1936

left Clarlt, First row, Marjorie right: Mlllett, Barben, to Dessie C. Byron Tame, Helen Howard DepartChurch with the deal of work

Davis, Williams. Heath, John Hugh has established Education. of ment He left: right Hilton, row Second to H. Rawlins, President Barney Relda Whitney, John Bud L.

three institutes: one at Moscow, anTaylor, Sister Rachel G. Taylor, Irvin W. Jeffery, Eldon T. Lindsay, David V. Worthen. H.

other at Pocatello, both of which are Phillips,ThirdLynnrow, F.leftMargetts,to right: WilliamRay F. JamesColes, Borrowman.Lee S. Manwill, Arthur M. Evans, Donna Belliston, Amy Lee

in Idaho, and one at Laramie, WyoFourth row right to left: Norman E. Bates, Merrill Stevens, Rulon M. Wilson, Kenneth C.

ming, the story of which ran in the Pendleton,Fifth L.row,Cliveleft Hansen,to right:MyronJohn A.FarrZundel,Larson,VaughnGlen L.Green,Wilcox,LorinReidH. A.Johnson.Rosenvall, Lamar S. ChristophJune Improvement Eta. erson, Norman E. Weston, Wilford H. Andelin, Jay B. James.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

pASHiONtures—sometimeswords are sometimessongs. Theypicwithinto find moreour ownof ourfoursummerwalls.pleasures TOOTHERSwithout whoany particularhave growntrainingup

express emotions of the universe, as to the number and kinds of calpresenting a visible of the image ories and the approved vitamines circumstances responsible for their will be eager to thumb through creation pDWARD F. Hartung has written Foods, Their Selection and PrepaPottery! And we see common a thoroughly convincing and in ration, written by Louise Stanley

plastic mud being molded with formational article on sunstroke, in and Jessie Alice Cline and published brownskinned hands into intricate the July issue of Hygeia, The Health by Ginn and Company, New York shapes to be touched with drops of Magazine. Everyone should read City. The authors know what they

color from a desert sunset or tinted the article in its entirety. To offer are writing about for Miss Stanley

from the banded hue of a rainbow encouragement to do so, we are is chief of the Bureau of Home Ecoor sprinkled with the very dark earth merely picking out salient statenomics for the United States Dewhich will prove the worth of partment of Agriculture and baked and Miss by the sun's mentsitself—dried the treatise:rays Cline is professor masterpieces become... to of home economics

of beauty for your home. "Sunstroke occurs only when a at the University of Missouri. Their

is exposed to three climatic book offers a liberal education on We follow history and find adperson vancement in the civilization of man conditions at the same time: sunthe good sources of the various

is well reflected in the type of potlight, highly humid atmosphere and vitamines essential to health and

It "is strength. Charts of the foods retery he made. We find it in the absolute dearth of breeze,"

tombs in upper Egypt; Chinese potusually due to interference with this quired are given for persons of diftery that dates back to 3000 B. C; evaporation of perspiration from the ferent age, sex, and activity.

and the great Persian poetphilos- skin.""The first step to be taken Mingled with the helpful cookery

opher, Omar Kayyam of the 12th in avoiding sunstroke is to avoid suggestions are fascinating stories

Century writes of this art: exposure to the direct sunlight.".. of the origin of many of our foods.

"The next important measure in One story which will fascinate is "For in the marketplace on dusk of avoiding sunstroke is to be sure that that of the origin and preparation of day there is an adequate intake of water chocolate. "The Spanish for a long

I watched the potter thumping his and therefore an adequate amount time kept secret the method of prewet clay available for perspiration."... paring chocolate. When Cortez

is exposed to condiand the Spaniards entered the vast And with its all obliterated tongue "When a man tions which make sunstroke possible empire of Montezuma, they found It murmur'd—'Gently, brother,

gently, pray!"he is more susceptible to the disorder that the use of cocoa and chocolate

if he has taken alcohol in any form."as beverages was common. The

And now 1936 fashion turns to vanillaEmperorfromdranka goldenit flavoredcup."with"Franciscan"—a tableservice potBefore you tell that story to your

tery that carries the charm and quiet CiMPLiFY the fastening problem by family you will be wise if you have glory of old Mexico. The most using zippers for fasteners on prepared the following recipe:

fascinating procedure of this new children's clothes. In order to get

pottery is that fashion no longer the zippers, don't neglect the ones holds to the rigid form of one set to be found on old corduroys, old Chocolate Nectar color scheme. You drink water from purses, or old sweaters. These can chocolate cup with cup }/ Mix 3 bluea Mexican your be unstitched equally well used and glass—sip sugar. water one cup cold and Addchocolate a cactus from green cup ones. very small chilEven as new

that rests on a devil red saucer dren get a real thrill from zipping pinch salt. Cook in double boiler

and break your bread over a burnt the openings shut and thus mother until dissolved, stirring often. Cool,

stirring occasionally. Let standyellow combining rich is buthours of needless saved many plate—thus

until thick. whipped Add y2 pintdeep color tones to give your dinner toning tiny of and unbuttoning

table the setting from a centuries'- clothes. cream. Whip all together and place

old art done in nextminute modernin icebox until needed. When

istic design. ready to serve, heat one cup of milk

for each person. Flavor with

BUTTONS vanilla to taste. Heap chocolate

By Alberta Huish Christensen mixture on an attractive bowl. You

might try one of the fancy pottery '\\7'e have learned how to keep /N children's clothes, it seems to me, bowls mentioned in the first item.

There's buttons where they shouldn't Put hot milk in pitcher. Place a warm in winter—now we are be;

being shown how to keep cool in So many of them makes me sick—large tablespoon of chocolate whip

summer. Airconditioning has come How can I get myself dressed quick into each cup and pour hot milk over

to stay, it seems, by the vast number When everywhere on them you look it.

of businesses and homes which are Is something that has got to hook! Who would ever want tea or cofinstalling units. Perhaps these airIf I were making children's wear fee, when such an appetizing and

conditioning units will encourage us There'd be no buttons anywhere. appealing drink could be offered?

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

QUORUM OF THE TWELVE EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN

INITIATIVE fest: for the day shall declare it, because it

Calvation is an individual matter. INITIATIVE shalltry everybe revealedman's workby fire;of whatand thesort fireit is.shall Every person will receive a re- I Cor. 3:1113. "

ward, the scriptures emphatically deBy Elbert Hubbard received agency Since has every man based his upon individual effort. its bestows big WORLD npHE that gift as through a from and God, have been taught that the Lord clare,We prizes, in both and money is to tried to agency proved be and does not for do us able are what we honors, thing. but one for And or shall see receive reward he whether the and have for to power ourselves. do is initiative. that

it to of us punishment, each behooves the had to If we power ourredeem is tell I'll initiative? What of and time use best the our selves make from the all Fall the and conis It you. right the doing thing talents that wantnot found be may we sequences of life, the mortal without

divine aid, it would be required of us without being told. But next to ing. But does this fact relieve all those

right the doing thing without of called to positions have been bewho without the assistance which comes to is ing told you are to do it when responsibility in the from havChurch us through the mercy and justice of our Eternal Father and His Only Betold once. That is to say, carry ing any obligation in behalf of their

gotten Son Jesus Christ. the message to Garcia: Those fellow men? Verily no! We have

who can carry a message get high been taught that:

Jesus is the honors, became the but Savior not of the pay always world ".. I. It is [the that Lord] not meet in theand all proportion. of there Redeemer those Next, are are who

that all for things; in should he commandwilling to him, those obey thing until never because a who do were men

is is all a in things, the compelled same theunder curse told they are twice; the Fall of get such no and no by slothful servant; wherefore not a wise and

act their part, on honors small collectively pay. and Next, indior I say, receiveth Verily reward. men he no

vidually, could they receive relief from there are those who do the should be anxiously engaged in a good the fallen state or repair the broken right thing only when necessity cause, and do many things of their own law. Through the transgression of kicks them from behind, and free will, and bring to pass much righteousAdam came the Fall, which brought these get indifference instead of ness; for the power is in them, wherein they

death with all its attendant vicissitudes. honors, and a pittance /or pay. are agents unto themselves. And inasmuch

shall in lose they no wise do men good If it had been This kind possible for spends most to of its Adam time astheir that reward. doeth not anyhe Butatone for that polishing transgression, a bench with or a hard amend is until receiveth thing he commanded, and

the broken law and bring again the luck story. Then, we have the a commandment with doubtful heart, and

restoration of eternal life, it would have fellow who will not do the right keepeth it with slothfulness, the same is been required of him. thing even when someone goes damned.—Doc. and Cov. 58:2629.

along to show him how and stays This he unable to was to, do for and given This commandment was to it; that see he does he is alwaysthat reason Jesus Christ into the for, came the brethren intended and who job, out a receives the and conof

toworld make amends and to give positions to called been of trust have tempt he deserves, unless he hapmankind through the shedding of His pens to have a rich Pa, in which and responsibility in the Priesthood.

blood and His perfect hfe as the Only case Destiny patiently awaits There are some among the presidingBegotten all that Son of God, had been of the in quorums Melchizedek around the corner with a stuffed brethrenlost and more. Through His mission Priesthood expect who, it seems, someclub.

on this earth He brought to pass the one else to carry all of their responsiresurrection of the dead which will To which class do you belong? bility. If they lack initiative, then they

come to every creature without any act should be released and others found or consent upon the part of any or all who can carry on the work without havewho partaken of mortality. all If in things. being their He commanded which to Infinite be had done an by

ithas also possible for made is eternal lack indifference, to then due they Being. infinite this for reason Thelife, is which exaltation in the spirit kingdom should their the repent of get and primarily work because was were weof Father, His all to to come callings are duties take the who and upon them helpless it for could and not ourdoobedient to his will. entails of the place which presidency selves. are capable of doing we What

"And he cometh into the world that he for ourselves is required of us, and upon them.

all savemay will if they men cannot be hearken performed another. unto by We the Authorities of General Thehis voice; for behold, suffereth he the pains to go school there and are taught we prepared Church a Priesthood have allof men, yea, the pains of living every trained by teachers, competent but issued manual instrucother have and

*? is learn ht efforts to the we due we '""r".'whoT.'i'.n TrV'T'"'. tions in these placed the of Ti and hands

to learn to take and advantage e officers thee':u'/ele?hstatXreLi in the stakes wards, and mhl teaching. * the learn cannot allpass all We that upon men, might stand there to yet are some them among who

books. rcadmg readingbefore The at the great 'Y him and judgment day. innot taken have these of advantage

f if books all he on help us swimmingAnd commandeth that may they men must it structions. of Because men manyrepent in and baptized be his will in follow name, practice our inhaving we the the holding languishing; Priesthood areperfect faith in the Israel, of Holy or It struction. is One just in so obtaining activities their at standstill are a andthey cannot be in the saved of kingdom skill life any in or knowledge And is It the the of hindered. work Lord ifGod. will they not And repent and it is in so the requirements salvation. of is the of stakes the presidents duty of in hisbeheve name, in his baptized be and said: Paul hasname, to the endure and the end, council with the of they high be members must

fordamned; the

Israel,of has spoken Lordit."—2God, Nephithe Holy9:2124.One than"Forthat otheris laid,foundationwhich is Jesuscan Christ.no manNowlay atagetheirthe command,brethren holdingto assist officialand encourposi-

if any man build upon this foundation gold, tions in the Priesthood in the perOur Savior came into the world and silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble; formance of their duty in directing the

did for us a mighty work, but only that "Every man's work shall be made maniquorums under their jurisdiction.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

BrannanWORD OF WISDOM REVIEW Samuel

Saints from the Brooklyn—fromlanded a boatloadCanof wideto theinterest.prayers ofIt twowas younghere, inmen,answerthat

Strong Drinks Not Good ada to Mexico and in all Missions in John the Baptist last to hold the keys the Church—widely observed celebraof the Aaronic Priesthood in the days

PviDENCE that the teachings of the tions were accorded that epochal date. of the Savior, revealed himself and

in importance the Lesser Priesthood to the and inrestored Outstanding of and are sound Wisdom Word pilgrimages historical earth. terest were the the authorapproved best scientific by

ities continues to mount. Notwithconducted by wards, stakes, and misNewspapers heralded the coming of

and and press space hundred Mormons, restricts reports one Limited to sions.standing the efforts people of many

a interest. them alike accorded townspeople of decided that are resultshide the disastrous violation of

President York Don B. of the friendly welcome. celebration New The theof the truth of Wisdom, Word Mission States and President of the Mission Colton the Eastern is Stake and to in incoming be recognizednow headed Stake where of the Oakland), G. Taylor Fred (now Harmony retocreasing degree. of the most One

in history revived the pilgrimage which comand his Smith the Prophet Joseph incent this evidences apconnection place. process this in sacred the Oliver Cowdery, in current reports. panion,pears newspaper

less interesting was the hisScarcely of Mormon, of translating the Book is as follows: referenceThe particular

were impressed to ask the Lord retoric pilgrimage of San Francisco and "St. Louis, May 4—Alcohol was given garding baptism, ranks first in Church- (Continued on page 437)

as an unseen and unreported cause of many deaths among chronic drinkers, in a study V 4tW.:!M4f#<luh.1 /.v4ri>4,ii.;ij{/A!eaS04'jtWw'v

reported to the American Psychiatric Association today by V. G. Urse, M. D., assistant psychiatrist of the Cook county

psychopathic hospital, Chicago.

Of 21 deaths which he found due to alcohol, he said the coroner attributed only five to that cause, missing 78 per cent. They

were missed, Dr. Urse said, because presumably fatal alcohol may fail to leave

clear traces. He suggested need for reexamination of the true role of chronic

alcoholism,"

DIONNE QUINTUPLETS

THRIVE ON WORD OF WISDOM DIET /NE OF the marvels of science in connection with the preservation of human life is manifested in the development of the Dionne quintuplets. Dr.

Dafoe has been criticized by many for the diet prescribed for the five babies.

Upon investigation it appears that the diet which has kept them in such remarkable health, and which has brought about uniform development is based AARONIC PRIESTHOOD OF entirely upon the same principles as CACHE, LOGAN, AND HYRUM the Word of Wisdom. The "greenish STAKESB. MAUGHN,AT GRAVEFORTYONEOF WILLIAMYEARS

mush"so many people have complained BISHOP OF WELLSVILLE.

about is really thick pea soup. In addition, they are given fruit, fruit juices, 2. MONUMENT DEDICATED MAY

strained vegetables, and cereals. To 17, AT FIFTH WARD, LOGAN.

this is added a quart of milk each day

LOGAN SEVENTH WARD AT are re- 3. child. for each The children

WELLSVILLE.

full of vitality, being robust, ported as cheeks, red with and rosy EXAND as being 4. TEACHERS'QUORUM in every healthy way. normal and FIFTH LOGAN PLORERS OF

WARD.

RESTORATION OF AARON IC 5. OF SUMMIT STAKE AT GRANT PRIESTHOOD LITTLE PIONEER MOUNTAIN ON

TRAIL. 'T'he one hundredseventh anniversary of the restoration of the 6. PAROWAN STAKE AT FORT

Aaronic Priesthood was commemorHARMONY.

Saints by Latterday ated in May the world. throughout From the Sus- 7. STAKESCACHE, ATLOGAN,WELLSVILLE.AND HYRUM

quehanna River in New York, where the Aaronic Priesthood was restored

May 15, 1829, to San Francisco, where

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

UPPER RIGHT: NEAR THE SITE OF JOSEPH SMITH'S OLD HOWIE,

UPPER LEFT: THIS HEADSTONE MARKS THE GRAVE OF THE THIS GROUP FROM NEW YORK STAKE OBSERVES THE ONE HUNDRED

PROPHET'S FIRST CHILD AT OAKLAND, PENNSYLVANIA. SEVENTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION

LAST SATURDAY.

RIGHT CENTER: LEADERS OF THE EASTERN PILGRIMAGE TO THE

CENTER LEFT: AARONIC PRIESTHOOD GROUP AT THE SUSQUEHANNA SCENE OF THE PRIESTHOOD'S RESTORATION IN OAKLAND, PENNSYLRIVER NEAR OAKLAND, PEINNSYLVANIA. VANIA.STATES MISSION,LEFT TO PRESIDENTRIGHT: PRESIDENTFRED G. TAYLORDON. B.OFCOLTONNEW YORKOF EASTERNSTAKE,

AND HOWARD S. BEJNNION, COUNSELOR.

LOWER LEFT: PRIESTHOOD OF NEW YORK STAKE AND EASTERN

STATES MISSION VIEWING RUINED SITE OF OLD HOME WHERE JOSEPH LOWER RIGHT: PART OF THE PRIESTHOOD PILGRIMAGE AT THE

SMITH AND OLIVER COWDERY LIVED IN 1S29, AT THE TIME THEY SITE OF OLD DIGGINGS BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN DUG BY JOSIAH

TRANSLATED THE BOOK OF MORMON AND RECEIVED THE PRIESTHOOD. STOAL ABOUT 1S25. JOSEPH SMITH WAS LATER EMPLOYED BY

(OAKLAND, PENNSYLVANIA.) STOAL (CHURCH HISTORY).

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE FOR AUGUST, 1936

TRUE HAPPINESS men, through living clean, wholesome, A RE YOU prepared to teach?

upright lives, through establishing good "No man can teach that which he npHE GOAL of every human soul is homes and being guided by the Spirit of does not know.

happiness. Oppinions vary as to the Lord in the conduct of their homes. Have you a testimony of the Gospel?

what constitutes happiness, but the goal True happiness is found upon the Is your heart free from backbiting faultfinding? and principles righteousness. of truth and is the all are working whichtoward his fellowmen. teacher must love times those depart from the A At who in suchsame. In a world, as we live suffered. you the wrongs Bury have feel, and onlookers commandments may

today, when many peculiar ideas of may be led to believe, that they have Have you an understanding of those happiness exist, it is well for Latterday found happiness, only to find as time whom you are to teach?Saints to ponder the question—-What passes that their joys have vanished. Do you know what you are to teach?

to are going lasting happiness?constitutes you how true and Do you know decided whether of us must Each to teach?

persons, of the of in and follow the world which ways Many thousands scripor quoting Reading an outline out of the Church, have sought happiappear, for a time, to bring happiness, ture is not teaching.

ness in the ways of the world only to or to follow the ways of the Lord and Teaching is the awakening of find that they were following a mirage discover true and lasting happiness. thoughts in the mind, and the convincor a phantom. Their quest has ended The gospel of Jesus Christ contains ing of soul of the truth of the Gospel.

in grief and misery. Lives have been all the elements of true happiness. Families should be approached difruined and disappointment resulted. Peace of mind, joy of service, health ferently.

teacher must not confine his visits periods. On the other hand there are to be andsomecontentment,recreation, theunitedcompanionshiphomes, wholeof to Airregular

found other thousands in all parts of good people and golden friendships are He should never feel free from his the Church who have sought and found some of its elements. These are the duty.

true happiness by following the ways blessings the gospel offers. If we are Be consistent in your teachings.

of the Church—through obeying the willing to pay the price of obedience Encourage members to attend Saccommandments, through rendering serto the commandments, we are assured ramental meetings and be present yourvice to the Church and to their fellowof the blessings of true happiness. self.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

{Continued from page 435)

Oakland Stakes to the "story spots"ing,"the site of many battles between separate pilgrimages, and other stakes on San Francisco Bay. Here, where a Indians and "Whites,"and some Pony have not reported as yet.

shipload of Mormons led by Samuel Express Stations. The observance was Churchwide,

Brannan, who had sailed around Cape East Jordan and Kolob Stakes jourand many thousands of members of the

Horn, landed before the Pioneers had neyed to Ft. Bridger. Cottonwood Aaronic Priesthood participated. Releft Winter Quarters for Utah, these went to Big Mountain; Pioneer to Enports received by the Presiding Bishtwo stakes visited points where hissign Peak; Weber to Henefer, Echo, opric indicated increased enthusiasm

tory was made when the town which and other points on the Pioneer Trail; and interest in Priesthood work as a

later became San Francisco was called Summit and South Summit to Salt Lake result of the Pilgrimages.

Yerba Buena. Valley historic points; Cache, Logan, On Sunday the Aaronic Priesthood

In Canada the Aaronic Priesthood and Hyrum to Wellsville, first settleconducted Sacrament Services in gathered at Lees Creek, on the "Great ment in Cache Valley; Wells to the practically all of the wards and

North Trail"under the shadows of home of President Wilford Woodruff branches of the Church, the programs

Chief Mountain, one of Canada's bestand the first apple orchard in the Salt being pronounced among the most inknown landmarks. Here a cairn was Lake Valley, planted by Daniel H. teresting and inspirational of the year.

erected and dedicated on the site of Wells, for whom the stake was named.

the first Mormon Pioneer camp on Both points are within the stake. GranMILLENNIAL STAR HONORS

Canadian soil. ite went to Little Cottonwood Canyon, ANNIVERSARY

Stakes in the lower Snake River whence came the granite for the Salt

Valley, all carved out of the original Lake Temple; Liberty to "This is the npHE May 14 issue of the Millennial

Cassia Stake, gathered at Oakley, first place;"Parowan to Fort Harmony and Star, published by the British Missettlement in that area, witnessed an Old Irontown in Iron County; St. sion at London, devotes generous space

inspiring pageant, which was later reGeorge to Mountain Meadows; Panto the Restoration of the Aaronic

peated to meet popular demand, and guitch to Cannonville, where a marker Priesthood. The leading editorial,

conducted a splendid program. was placed honoring a Pioneer; Idaho written by President Joseph F. Merrill,

Utah County Stakes pilgrimaged to Falls to Sand Creek, where the first and a special article by Elder Wendell historic Cedar Valley. Here they vismeeting in that section was held; J. Ashton, wellwritten and illustrated,

ited the site of Camp Floyd of JohnsWoodruff and Lyman Stakes to Ft. treat this important anniversary in a

ton Army days, the old "Indian CrossBridger. Many individual wards made splendid manner.

A HIGHWAY OVER WATER SOME ENGINEERING FEATURES OF THE

SAN FRANCISCOOAKLAND BAY BRIDGE J. G. BASTOW By J. G. BASTOW

Assistant and Engineer Chief President of: W. Assistant

the Oakland ATAirdTHE Macdonaldrequest of Oakland the Port Port Manager of of

Stake, J. G. Bastow, structural and

civil engineer of Oakland, California, has tvritten this statement on some engineering features of the San THE BAY WHICH Sam BrANNAN AND A

FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge for A<CROSSSHIPLOAD OF Mormon Pioneers entered Improvement the readers of "The

Era."The author was born in Utah, NINETY years AGO, THE SEEMINGLY IMPOSSIBLE IS HAPPENING

graduated from Brigham Young Col- A HIGHWAY OVER MILES OF WATER. AnD HERE WE ARE TOLDfor filled a mission lege in 1912, the HOW THE ENGINEERS ARE DOING IT. Islands in the from Samoan Church

1912 to 1916, is a graduate of the

Utah State Agricultural College and was the University of California, of to the toll plaza in the Oakland outer Rincon hill in San Francisco. Along in the United States Army a pilot

Air Force during the world war, and harbor, measures 23,000 feet. The this ridge the depth to bedrock

is now Assistant Chief Engineer and overall length, including approach varied from 100 to 200 feet, while

Assistant Port Manager of the Port structures from downtown San on each side much greater depths of Oakland. Francisco to the traffic distribution were found. In some cases borings

feet,—morestructures inthanOakland,eight miles,—moretotals 43,500 bedrock.in excess ofWhile350 feetthesefaileddepthsto reachwere

than twice the length of any bridge unprecedented, they were considered yet built. (See Illustration No. 1.) to be within the range of possibility.

difficult of the part most building of a bridge between The the to the engineer job was was bridge Oakland andSANpresentFranciscotime theBaybridgeis atcenterthe SanTheFrancisco of the world. Two great first proposed in 1867 by Leland work below the water surface. The

miles bebridges are nearing completion-—Stanford, well known to the early long distance, over two

one, the San FranciscoOakland Mormon Pioneers and one of the tween Yerba Buena island and San

Bay Bridge, crossing the bay bebuilders of the Central Pacific RailFrancisco, made a single suspension tween Oakland and San Francisco, road. Since that time, others have span far beyond anything that had

the engineers before. been to time done So schemes time proposed from other, the Gate Golden—the bridges, to end on use two decided the bay. were for bridging These fahistorically the spanningBridge,

suspension bridges anmous Golden Gate and connecting thought to be visionary and were not end—twin

San Francisco with beautiful Marin seriously considered by either the chored at the center with a massive

County, to the north. The building public or the engineering profession. anchorage in the middle of the bay,

of a bridge over the bay, joining the It was believed that adequate founeach bridge pulling against the takanchorage other the center with for piers not dations could be foundcities Francisco and Oakland, of San toloading, due ing all unbalanced island and Buena Yerba of the between the dream beenhas long bridge builder and, until now, has San Francisco. wind, unequal loading of adjacent

stood as a constant challenge to the No comprehensive and detailed spans, or earth vibrations.

ability and ingenuity of the engiexamination of the bottom of the bay For the two spans between San.

neering profession. That dream is for possible foundation sites was Francisco and Yerba Buena island

coming true. The engineering promade until 1929 when a joint comthere were, therefore, required five

fession has risen to the occasion and mission was appointed by President underwater piers, the main center produced a bridge second to none, Hoover and Governor Young of anchorage and the four tower piers.

both as to its monumental size and California to make a thorough inThe building of these five piers inas to its versatility of design and vestigation and render a report. volved engineering and construction

its accuracy of execution. Numerous borings on the bottom of feats that have won the plaudits of

This bridge is a record breaker. the bay, made under this commisengineers everywhere. The great

The main structure, with its fiftysion, showed that a ridge of bedrock, depth of water, over 1 00 feet in one one piers, stretching from the Rinhitherto unknown, extended under case, through which it was required con hill anchorage in San Francisco the bay from Yerba Buena island to to sink the piers before landing oa

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

the bottom, made the usual types of foundations impractical. New methods must be found, if the problem

was to be solved and the difficulties overcome.

A new method, now known as the

MoranPursell method for sinking foundations through deep water, was devised by the bridge engineers to meet this emergency. The use

of a caisson, a huge watertight box with dredging wells formed by steel tubes fifteen feet in diameter and capped with domes, and with compressed air in the domes to produce flotation, made possible the foundation structure. The bridge builders

floated the partially completed caisson to the pier location and then built the caisson from the surface of the water downward. ( See Illustration No. 5.

After accurately anchoring the caisson in place, concrete was poured in the spaces around the dredging wells, the added weight causing the caisson to sink slowly, A few domes were removed at a time and the wells extended and more concrete poured, until eventually the bottom of the caisson rested in the mud on the bottom of the bay. The domes were

then cut off and the mud, sand, and gravel under the caisson removed through the dredging wells with large clam shell buckets, the caisson gradually sinking until it rested on bedrock, in one instance 235 feet below the water's surface.

During the process of sinking, the walls and spaces were continually built up with concrete, always keeping the walls well above the water surface. After the caisson had

reached bedrock, the surface of the rock was cleaned by powerful water jets, inspected by divers and tremic concrete poured into the dredging wells to a depth of 30 feet, making the completed pier an integral part of the solid rock below the bay.

The piers were then built to the proper level to receive the steel of the bridge superstructure. { See Illustration No. 2.)

npHE MAGNITUDE of the piers is amazing. The completed center

anchorage, the largest of all, is 197 feet by 92 feet in plane and rises 504 feet above the bedrock surface on which it rests, equivalent in height to a fortyeight-story building. The

other underwater piers, while smaller in size, carry steel towers to 1 SAN FRANCISCOOAKLAND BAY BRIDGE LOOKING TOWARD OAKLAND, PROPOSED BRIDGE support the suspension cables, and

EXPOSITION ISLAND NOW BEING BUILT, ADJACENT TO VERBA BUENA, AT LEFT CENTE. reach a height of 505 feet above the

PLACING SUPERSTRUCTURE. IN PLACE FOR2. READY CABLES CENTRAL WITH ANCHORAGE COMPLETED IN BACKGROUND. water surface, or more than 700 feet FRANCISCO SPAN. SAN3. SUSPENSION TWIN SUPERSTRUCTURE IN PLACE ON WEST

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

HORIPIER CONSTRUCTION, DURING TOWER TOP. construction materials, choosing alSTRUT ZONTAL DECK UNDER FOR LOWER

MODEL OF CAISSON FOR CENTRAL ANCHORAGE, ways the best material for the serMIRROR, SET CUTTING STEEL ON SHOWING

BOTTOM, EDGE DREDGING WELLS DOMES vice to be performed; for instance, AND

FLOTATION STAGE. USED DURING nickel steel was used for pins; siliSECTIONAL OF CENTER VIEW ANCHORAGE CUT

AWAY TO SHOW CONSTRUCTION. con steel for main tower members;

carbon steel for the general superstructure; heat treated high carbon

above the bedrock. (See Illustrasteel for the eyebars; manganese

tion No. 6.) steel for the rivets; cast steel for the

The twin suspension bridges recable clamps and saddles; special

quire three anchorage piers. The

central anchorage has already been described. The other two anchorages, one located in San Francisco

on Rincon hill, the other in Yerba

Buena island, are notable and interesting in that each is different in design. The Rincon hill anchorage

is a gravity anchorage, a huge block of concrete, sunk deep in the rock surface of the hill, and of sufficient size to take the 38,000,000 pound pull of the two cables supporting the bridge. This block, which contains

68,000 cubic yards, contains sufficient concrete to make a thirtyfoot concrete highway more than twenty miles long. The Yerba Buena anchorage is the entire island—a huge

wedge shaped plug of concrete has

i If the solid rock of the island. 4 been poured into a recess cut into

The superstructure of the bridge is a structure of massive proportions.

Between Rincon hill in San Francisco and Yerba Buena island is the double deck twin suspension span, supported by the two huge cables 66 feet apart and 28% inches in diameter and the cables in turn are supported on four mammoth steel towers, rising more than 500 feet above the surface of the bay, and providing a clearance under the bridge of 218 feet above high water, ample clearance for the highest masts of vessels.

The bridge between Yerba Buena island and Oakland, while not so spectacular as that on the west side of the island, is by no means a small structure. Here is located the deepest pier of the entire bridge.

The double deck of the bridges is carried through Yerba Buena island byhigh—thea tunnellargest76 feethighwaywide bytunnel5?i feetin

the world.

The top deck of the bridge provides for fast moving traffic, having six parallel traffic lanes; the lower

deck is designed with three lanes for heavy truck traffic and two lanes for interurban railway tracks.

GOVERNOR FRANK F. MERRIAM, CHAIRMAN

"pXTENSiVE research studies were CALIFORNIAEARL LEE KELLY,TOLL DIRECTORBRIDGE AUTHORITY.OF PUBLIC WORKS

made by the bridge engineers, so OFC. H.THEPURCELL,STATE OFCHIEFCALIFORNIA.ENGINEER SAN FRANas to make the best possible use of CISCOOAKLAND BAY BRIDGE.

8cti Kix: ) a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936 lOSOO SCALE11000 IN FEETI2PO0 KffX) JUDO ggpOO

LtNCTH Of MAIN STRUCTURE?y?o FEET I

MAXIMUM WIGHT Of TOWERS ABOVE WATER iOJ f[El

MA/UOW DEPTH OF PIERS BEiO* WATER!2S FEET

Comparative dimensions of yards—would build a threelane

the FranciscoOakland San Bay Bridge and tNe highway from Salt Lake City to world's other largest beyond Cedar City, Utah.

this bridges. From comThe timber for forms and other will parison it..[NC7H OF MAIN STRUCTURE APPROX 8.J00 FEET be noted

HEIGHT DEPTH OFor PIERSTOWERSBElOWA90VEWATERWATER APPRO*APPROX 36080 FEETFEET Bridgethat thehas Goldenthe largestGate construction purposes—30,000,000

sufficient board to the build in span world single the feet—is

Franciscothe and San residence section of Logan, Utah. Of MAiN STRUCTURE LENGTH FEET Bridge Oal<land has Bay BRIDGE WASHINGTON GEO OF HEIGHT A80VE WATER TOWERS 5.600595 FEEI

in length total longest the Y CITY. N YORK bridge, NEW together apwith The PIER Of DEPTH WATER BELOW 76 fEEI

world. the *"proaches interurban installa- 'car andvs. 't i'!|[tJ'I'l''iari'ti Q[iK'.-

OF STRUCTURE BR IDGE Ak<BASSADORI is tion, to cost estimated $77,600,- WATEROF 3.640Sie FEETFEET Of "LENGTHHEIGHT ABOVE TOWERSMAIN MICH DETBPIT.

100 FEET of WATER PIERS DEPTH Of BELOW aggregate is concrete—the 000.00, financed and by money

Of FEET MAIN STRUCTURE the s? LENGTH Federal Government.

FEET WATER ISJfc37b ABOVE HEIGHT TOWERS DELAWAREPHIL ADflLPHIRIVERA -CAMDENBRIDGE

PIERS iS DEPTH OFOf WATER BELOW FEET water—waswhich will actuallyused forfloat theon loanedIt is builtby the California Toll by

deck. bridge is Bridge Authority. Purcell C. H. MAIN Of feet LENGTH STRUCTURE vast of the idea OF HEIGHT ABOVE TOWERS WATER 3.470273 FEET An Chief Engineer. Acknowledgment PiERS DEPTH OF 45 WATER FEET BELOW of materials needed amount is rare to the California Toll made Bridge

OF LENGTH the bridge for constructing Authority for furnishing pictures HEIGHT FEETFEET A80VE WATER 4.482303

135 DEPTH OfOf water PiersTOWERSMAIN belowSTRUCTURE the FEET can be realized from other information. foland

comparisons: simple lowing LENGTH

ABOVEWATERWATER HEIGHTDEPTH OFOF OF TOWERSPIERSMAIN BELOWSTRUCTURE steel Vli325FEETFEETFEET Structural 152,000 tons; reinforcing steel 30,000

OF STRUCTURE LENGTH MAW tons; cable wire 18,500 OF HEIGHT ABOVE TOWERS FEET tons—WATER 1240344101 FEET PIERS WATER FEET DEPTH OF BELOW

freight long would train 20 miles

LENGTH LENGTH OFOF ARCHMAIN SPANSTBuC TUPE 1.6503770 FEETFEET be required to haul this quantity

HE'jHT WATER ABOVE OF ARCH 430 fEET of steel. WA'fP PYLONS HEIGHT OF ABOVE 285 fEET

strands cable 0AN The ENGH OF ARCH wire—8,732

OF FEEI'fLCT 5,7801.652 of size WtTER cable, LfNGTHHEIOHT'OF 4PCHWAIN in 'EET ABOVESTRUCViRE327 each wire the

Y CITY. N YORK NEW OF I3S HEIGHT WATER PYLONS ABOVE fEET

4000'is of 30CC'out 2poo 5000 a lead 1000 y each pencil—stretched

sufficient length to encircle the cable wire and numerous other speearth nearly three times. ( See Illuscial materials. tration No. 8. g. SECTIONOAKLAND OFBAYCABLEBRIDGE—70,000OF THE SAN FRANCISCOMILES OF To reduce weight, light weight The concrete—1,000,000 cubic WIRE IS USED IN THE FINISHED CABLES.

THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS (Concluded [rom page 429.)

branch he had established there. He he left Nauvoo in 1 846, became one the Glorious Light of Truth,"faemigrated to America September 8, of the original pioneers of 1847 unmiliarly known to Saints as "The

1 840, sailing on the good ship North der the leadership of Brigham Resurrection Day."Of this hymn.

America, arriving in New York OcYoung, and was clerk of the camp. President Grant in the article altober 1 1, and in Nauvoo November Returned east the same year and in ready referred to says:

24, 1 840. He first located on the west 1848 came back to the valley where "As long as I live I shall never

bank of the Mississippi River and in he resided until his demise, which forget the wonderful impression and

July, 1841, became clerk of the occurred December 4, 1879. the spirit that accompanied the singHigh Council of Iowa. His ability Various officers of confidential ing of this hymn at the funeral of

was soon recognized and moving and public trust were held by WilBrother Clayton in the Fourteenth to Nauvoo he succeeded \Villard liam Clayton, notably treasurer of Ward when Brother John Lewis, a

Richards as the Prophet's secretary, Z. C. M. I., Territorial Recorder of writer of music of some of our

became clerk and recorder of the Marks and Brands, and Territorial hymns, led the choir and the Saints.

Nauvoo Temple, and was elected Auditor of Public Accounts. All The congregation arose and sang

treasurer of the city of Nauvoo. The offices were conducted with the skill this hymn and I felt that the in-

L. D. S. Biographical Encyclopedia and integrity characteristic of the spiration of the Lord and of the man

contains the following: "He... man. who wrote it (whose remains were

was an intimate associate and tried Musically inclined, he was promlying before us), was there with us.

and trusted friend of the Prophet to inently connected with the Nauvoo I had never before, nor have I since, whom he continued to act as private Brass Band and played second violin been so impressed with any other secretary up to the time of the latin the first Salt Lake Theatre orcongregational hymn or with this ter's marytyrdom. While laboring chestra. This divine art has manione as at Brother Clayton's funin that capacity he transcribed the fested itself to a high degree in his eral."

revelation on celestial marriage and large and talented posterity. In adThe Journal of William Clayton,

other revelations under the Prophdition to "Come, Come, Ye Saints"published in 1921, though long deet's dictation and direction."he wrote another song beloved by layed, is among the most valuable

With President Young's company the Latterday Saints: "When First documents of Pioneer history.

,.s> \\ in the The ram THICKET"Motto of the Mormon Battalion

By GLYNN BENNION Of the Church Historian's Office

"yhe proudest part of this story of

Christian soldiers was the conduct OF THE Battalion after arriving in

Southern California—conduct that won

the regard of the native Californians and caused General Doniphan to say to his

FELLOW officers: "I CAN TAKE ONE THOUSAND

Mormon boys and accomplish more in Mexico THAN YOU CAN WITH THE WHOLE AMERICAN

Army."

FRONT VIEW, MORMON BATiALION MONUMENT,

UTAH STATE CAPITOL GROUNDS.

throughout the nation followed the the Mormons with the same alarm, strange migration of the outcast and with his advisers sought some

Mormons across Iowa in the means of controlling the potentially spring of 1846. Where were they dangerous situation. To Elder J. C.

heading this time? What scheme Little, who came to Washington as

BEFORE have now for their the enemies? aid for of federal told up kind someMANYthe story of retaliation must they be cooking President Young's agent seeking of the BatMormon Saints, Polk President letters homeless were pouring into Angry

talion in accents of praise. Washington addressed to President spoke carefully chosen words of

The object of this article is that a Polk and War Secretary Marcy from friendly assurance and confidence in glass may be held up to some feaMissourians with guilty memories the Mormons. But in his diary he

ture or other not yet amplified by clamoring for government military wrote somewhat differently:

others. forces to disarm and disperse the

First of all the motto of the BatMormons encamped on their north- "After Mr. Little retired I explained to

talion is of great interest: "A ram ern borders. These sick and starvMr.to communicateKendall whatto I Mr.did notLittle,thinkviz:it safethat

in the thicket."Surely there is a ing refugees were accused of violent Col. Kearney was ordered to proceed to

suggestion of grim and understandand traitorous designs against MisSanta Fe with a part of his dragoons and ing humor in this homely motto. souri in particular and the United the mounted volunteers called out from

it reach Missouri, hoped would and was inthat the is also the including general, States in good evidenceThere this not this California season, but wasBattalion joining forces of with Great tention members, who surprised the certain; that Col. reached K. when

their officers by each being able to Britain or Mexico against the United country he was authorized to receive 500 sign the pay roll, had a far shrewder States in the contest for Oregon and Mormons into the service so as to conciliate of their enemies them becoming prevent and intoinsight reservations the are mental California. and a bad "They

the S., if the reached the U. but Mormons fair sect,"being thebehind wrote words Governor spoken deluded Ed- I the desire country did not to have them

to them by representatives of the wards about the Mormons, "and only U. S. forces in the country. I told

government than those same reprethey have been harshly treated; but Mr. Kendall that the citizens now settled in

sentatives gave them credit for. I suppose very correctly; yet they do California at Sutter's settlement and elseof large learned that a body

to that country emigrating "A ram in the thicket"-—substinot believe so, and under the treatwhereMormonshadweretute sacrifice for Isaac—the Batment which they have received, if and were alarmed at it, and that this alarm

talion in the role of the ram, and they are not enemies, both of our would be increased if the first organized

Isaac represented by the rest of the people and our government, then troops of the U. S. that entered the country

Church. they are better Christians and purer weresame Mormons.time conciliateTo avoidthe thisMormonsand at andthe

That was guessing the situation patriots than other denominations, attach them to our country, Col. K. was

rather closely. Old letters and a thing which nobody in the West authorized to receive Mormons into the

diaries of political luminaries of the can believe."serviceto exceedafteronefourthhe reachedof histhe wholecountryforce.not

day reveal the suspicious, uneasy Without doubt President Polk Mr. Kendall assented to the wisdom of

concern with which observers viewed the westward movement of concealing these views from Mr. Little..."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

starvation and exposure to the blizpowerful senator, Thomas H. Benzards and incessant soaking, chilling ton, was dealing with President

rains of the winter and spring. The Polk for a free hand to raise an army

mortality was terrible. The diseases to exterminate the Saints.

of malnutrition—scurvy, dysentery, Faced with this threefold assault and malaria—had their way with upon his people by starvation, dispeople. At times as high as seventyease, and violence, Brigham Young

five per cent of the members of the appealed to the government for some not of refugees only were camps aid. kind of conto get He tried

so. sick, helplessly those but Often tracts from President to build Polk

who could keep on their feet had stations and blockhouses along the neither time nor strength to spare Oregon trail; he tried to get confrom camp chores and waiting on tracts to freight supplies to the

the sick to dispose of the dead in troops engaged in the Mexican the bodies accustomed way, and the opportunity War. came When

toburied in bark wrapped were and he bargained the with DeWar in trenches. gether then Even partment to furnish in return men

burials were oftentimes too slow. for government protection in the

GLYNN BENNION Colonel Kane has given us the picright to camp for the duration of the sitting ture of women Mormon the amongst in war Pottawattamie and dull, in tearless tents grief Indians. solthe Certainly call of the Omaha governtheir If Mormon

flies children, off their keeping dead diers in fighting were engaged for Saints a Battalionment upon the after decomposition sometimes had battles, Uncle enlist Sam's theto then for in surely participation the war in. set of weight popular opinionwith not would Mexico because was made slipthe from few camps men A prevent a Missouri pitchforof soldiers. from In mob need any more

line into across the Missouri ped into ing their defenseless families statesthe volunteers remore were their faith where, they unannounced, before they could be use.sponding than the beyond moved could army

silver featherbeds, or spoons, traded the is it foes. of reach their the is other Thus a hand, on thereAnd their to for labor the enemies corn to that be seen President.strong that, left probability Polk their to was

off to starvation. of fend the Some anxious to the attach to choice, very Mormons fewown Mormons outfits brethren with pushed good the States, United and President callwould the the of heeded have far Island. as as west Grand Many just as to anxious was Youngrecruiting attach officers for at volunteers

river. the reached Missouri had The the to States the United time.that places Their Mormons. with were rest straggling in along were an

call in Both succeeded thetheir sick, furnhungry, and defenseless and ratio of everincreasing brokenishing of thefamilies Battalion Mormon the bleak encamped on all outfits to the back down way in the thicket."theprairies, "ram going they where. not knew the Nauvoo. But Church was

"We'll Brother hear Brigham what all turning point of to see that pledged The those these were dark it,"lias about to say they temporized at the carried came time of refuge safe days forward the enlistto some

Tvhen Colonel Allen for asking came the Battalion ment of from their despoilers beyond the when its mematvolunteers Garden and Grove bers were paid fortytwo mountains. dollars

Mount Pisgah. Brethren returning from Missouri each as a year's allowance for

But when the call of the governbrought news of the agitation there (Continued on page 448) for a battalion Presment reached to attack the camps. ReMormon

BluflFs itident at Council met Young that ports Missouri's heard were DISCOVERY OF GOLD IN CALIFORNIA, MORMON -with no hesitancy whatsoever. The BATTALION MONUMENT, UTAH STATE CAPITOL

Battalion would be forthcoming at GROUNDS.

once. With his two counselors and

himself in the capacity of recruiting sergeants. President Young drove,i**

back through the scattered camps and in three days thecompanies.ftiSg-y/,:,

were raised. There was no holding

back this time. Brigham had spoken

and the men were perfectly content to abide by the inspiration of their great leader. If he called for a

sacrifice, they would accept the role without a murmur.

Tt is hard for us now to appreciate the crushing weight of Brigham

Young's burden in the spring of 1 846. Those were the darkest hours

in the history of the Church. With

the coming of hot weather the Saints fell an easy prey to the prevalent,,!.,

fevers of those low lands, their bodies having been weakened by

Desert Josephs on the Missouri River, to

Salt Lake City, Utah. In sixty days

they pushed the trail from Salt Lake to San Francisco. sky hawks City

Five hundred horses were selected

By HARRY ELMORE HURD for endurance and speed, one hundred ninety stations were established

From handcart and covered wagon to the andgaged.one Eachhundredriderskilledpushedridershis horseenROADWAY THROUGH THE SKY EaST AND WeST to the limit of speed for ten miles.

and the lands THAT LIE BETWEEN COME Arriving at the next station flecked

NEARER AND NEARER TOGETHER. "BuT I HAVE with foam, mounts were changed,

SAID A PRAYER FOR GRIMYFACED PILOTS AS THEY the rider being allowed two minutes

ROARED THROUGH THE GUSTY SKYWAY, DRONING for the shift. Frequently the twenABOVE THE MAGICAL DESERTS AND THE MONOTty-two pound mail sacks were shiftONOUS SKYWAYS."ed and the rider in the saddle within

a few seconds. The early postage

was five dollars for half an ounce.

DAY an uncouth man, with This rate was later reduced to one author Hurd, dollar. of T Tarry ElmoreONE an beard, hair and and uncut spent "Desert has Hawks,"Sky all of the career of In the Pony stageye, scar over one ugly in has years what Conroy Jack many lost. mail only one was Express California, Placerville, wanderings"called into "Whiimanesquegered

loss, another been have would There serhis earth. the over Following drivhis in and arms a childbearing Inthe scalped rider as the by vice, in was the Chaplain as France, of Daggett Rollin bull. whiteing a Engineers, Thirtythird States United finished riderless horse dians, the but

fatigue and with nearly deadwas living freelance author, became he a nineteen time. ride the The on child state in but was every Colorado emaciated two the from andhunger

fifty the Mismiles from hundred living miners, to with Pacific, the miners, unconscious. Thenearly covto were souri Sacramento River rangcattlemen, ranchers, shepherds, talk, beincoherent his heardwho ers, Indians, traveling the remoter inaugural and Lincoln's in ten days. ered

insane. After washtolieved be him trails horseback. by mule and Out in seven coast to the carried of was turned volchild, his experiences they has a comeing new and both man hours. Alseventeen days and Since poetry of ume "West of East."field and into bull a green whitethe a the Express was though Pony at taking degrees Bosand Harvard story. The Daggett's tolistened contributed universities ton the failure, East he has financial it brought

train he was which withemigrant stories, to essays, one poems and nearer ten in 1860 days and West his wiped seventy been desert magazines hundred and thecrossing had that the idea sold the country and in anthologies. thirty appear poems receiving After Indians.out by the impassable. not desert the was of "Possessions of a Sky He is author escaped Daggett knife wound,a Pilot,"Molehills,""Mountains and

his After arms. in child thewith and "West of East."Central the and IN 1869, pARLY a in despair, fortraveling a week railroads Pacific were Union Daggett bull appeared, whichwhite ten rate of six to at the track laying

sent Provto been by havebelieved of insistent for grants created increasing competing an day, miles and a civilization. to to guide himidence million for rapid land. of communication Twelve demand and money insight startling gives incidentThis

it to these given East. In the the days, old with land of acres were the of conditions travel theinto to for 10, a letter 1869, required years companies. two two May the dangerous wastimes. and Slow at to travel coast coast. driven spike Senator from was the golden

trek of the Pioneers: as tediously Gwinn induced the firm of Russell, Promontory Point, near Salt Lake

slow as the swinging feet of oxen. Majors, and Waddell to institute the City, Utah, ushering in the era of

The ten years following the disPony Express. They were already steam travel, called by the Indians,

covery of gold in California, in r848, operating a stage route from St. "All wagon—no oxen."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

Today, one may board a plane in chirped: "So long, I'll see you in

Boston, Massachusetts, at twofif- Salt Lake tonight."

teen in the afternoon and land in

San Francisco, California, at ex- T HAD JUST read Emerson Hough's actly eleven fiftyfive the following The Covered Wagon again, that morning. fascinating novel of the march of

I was pondering these facts of youth, driven by the "fever of new progress as we roared westward, fortune"from the Missouri River, crossing the rolling prairies, plungacross prairie and mountains to ing along the glittering 'main iron'"the wide reaches of the desert."

at a speed that telescoped the slow The Missouri River was "the edge trek of the Pioneers from months of the world."I had read:

of the flight minutes. to Swift was

itself; silent, "This was the Far West as the as swift the Pony Express, irreducible. inscrutable, unchanged, The

pounding hoofs of eager horses, but mightiness of its calm was a smiting thing.

our arrowy flight multiplied the The awesomcness of its chill, indifferent nights, of its ardors unsparing thespeed of horses many times over. smiting

expanses measureless the merciless moons,

I was talking with William Boyd of its levels, the cold barrenness of its hills

Milliken, a wellknown mining—these things did not invite as to the bosom

engineer from Denver, Colorado, of a welcoming mother; they repelled, as

chill gesture of a stranger turning the with home that brought a yarn spunwho door."outcasts from the away mirof the realization a freshto me

aviation.acle The yarn of modem they ever westward, Westward,

early of his days in Nicaragua,was until strong trekked, men confessed,

All he had in of gold. day quest faints!"almost resolution "Here native of a in the bottomlazed lost illusions their they but pitThey of paddles drip listening to thepan, high courage. Mirage, kept their

flight kaleidoscopic the watchingand that failed to storm, stop or Indians of tropical birds. When dripping thin line of Pioneers. With historical

jungle, they the blurredshadows writes: accuracy, Mr. Hough supper, Mr. MilAftermade camp. Trail and "Reaching the Oregon

hken and the Indian Chief exBoise, they soon would know more changed stories. about the Mary's River and the

The young engineer described Humboldt Desert. Plenty of bones,

moving trains, electrically lighted there, sure!"

and equipped with lounging rooms, I was standing near the Humboldt diners, and folding beds. The padRiver (Mary's River in pioneer

dlers listened to the translations of days), on the outskirts of Winnetheir Chief with breathless awe. mucca, known to the Forty Niners

Then Mr. Milliken graphically deas French Ford. Mike was working

scribed the flight of an airplane furiously, preparatory to hopping city. have his nativeabove We flying to soon Boise. be would He stunting to accustomed sobecome trail historic of the Jim which above

lift to eyes barely that ourships we said: long jump dry Bridger "A listened but, the Chief as sky,the

is, all hit accounts. Oregon by The

barrellooping, ship story of theto a Hit's the Snake. road goes on down

allrolling, flying and upsidedown, if friend longer, dry,"not so Mike's stunts to modern theof known fourteen the fourhundred flown the hadflyers, beyond he was carried the miles Francisco, over from San limits of credulity. When the story Granite Sierras, to Winnemucca, in

was ended, the Chief exploded: "O, a few hours. The Forty Niners had

Chief! You wouldn't be stuffing us, crawled westward from French

would you?"Ford, at the speed of oxen, twelve

As the Nicaraguan Indians hate to twenty miles a day. One day Itwo vices above all others,—stealing came upon the ruins of a prairie

and bela soura (bad mouth), Mr. ing off. The pilot wired to San schooner, tangled with oldgrowth

Milliken's reputation for veracity Francisco for a new stabilizer. It sage, a mute witness to the intrepid

was ruined after his truthful recital. was ten o'clock when Mike started spirit of the Pioneer. (See FronWhen I had crossed the Rocky to repair his ship. His brotherpilot tispiece.) Many of them died in

Mountains and become a cowboy in yanked out a map and laid out a the desert. My modern pioneer

Nevada, an accident stabbed me into course with his finger, instructing: was continuing his flight eastward

a fresher realization of the miracle "Fly thirtyfive degrees northeast to Salt Lake City, three hundred of aviation. One of the trimotored until you strike the Snake River. seventynine miles, while his friend

planes of the California Standard Follow the river to Boise."Indiinstalled a new stabiHzer, preparOil Company, having landed in an cating an area above the Nevadaatory to flying to Boise, Idaho, and

emergency field on the outskirts of Oregon line, he cautioned, "Be carethen onward to Salt Lake City. "So

Winnemucca, Nevada, ripped a ful there, it's full of airpockets!"long, I'll see you at Salt Lake tostabilizer on a fieldlight whfle takTurning toward his own plane, he (Continued on page 447)

By FRED L. THOMPSON

EXTERIOR VIEW OF THE L. D. S. EXHIBIT

AT AMERICA'S EXPOSITION, SAN DIEGO (LOOKING NORTH).

esting conversations, and incidents which occur, to retell a few of them briefly might give the reader an idea of the work that is being accomplished.

TOURING the week of July 1925, 1935, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir was featured in several concerts in the Ford Bowl. Thousands

attended and "the world's most outstanding choir"made a great impression. Utah Day, July 24, was

the largest Wednesday of the season in point of attendance.

July 24, 1936, has again been set aside as Latterday Saint Pioneer day at the Exposition. The program

is being arranged under the direcThe LATTERDAY tion of the Mutual Improvement Associations of Southern California.

On July 28, 1935, a vesper service was conducted in the organ amphiSAINT EXHIBIT theatre by the Los Angeles stake choir. Hundreds of people acAT AMERICA'S EXPOSITION claimedtation init choralas an outstandingwork. presenCommencing October 1 1 and

lasting for a month, eleven illusSAN DIEGO trated lectures harmonizing Book of

Mormon history with archaeological findings in the were presentedTHEwellLatterdaybe proudSaintof theirpeopleexhibitmay chronologicalwestward trek order,of the Mormonportray Piothe auditorium, by House of Hospitality at the California Pacific Interneers and the colonization of Utah. Elders Royal J. Hansen and Walnational Exposition in San Diego, "The Tragedy of Winter Quarters"lace King. After two presentations

California. The San Diego Union and "New Life and New Frontiers,"the officials requested that it be conNews for March 29, 1936, states: are the titles of two pieces of beau-

"One of the most hospitable and tiful statuary. The former, showing THEGROUPEXHIBIT,PICTUREBYOFTHEMISSIONARIESMODEL OF THEWORKINGTEMPLEIN

charming of the educational exhibits a tragedy of the plains, is being reReading from left to right: Kneeling, Eider Kenneth

at the exposition is that of the produced in bronze, to be placed at G.FrancisPlerson,J. Springer,Elder JamesElderS. FredArrigona;E. Singley,Standing,PresidentEider

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Florence, Nebraska, where more Fred L. Thompson, Elder Arthur M. Mortensen.

Saints. Scores of visitors are being than six hundred Pioneers lost their

attracted by its dignified beauty and lives. The latter is a group reprepeaceful atmosphere."senting a family of today and sugExposition officials felt that the gests a universal conception of our

1935 season was so successful that people that the "Glory of God is 1936 deserved a reopening, comintelligence.""Eternal Progress,"

mencing February 12th, and conthe theme of the exhibit and the funtinuing until September 9th. And damental ideal of the Mormon reso it was decided that the L. D. S. ligion, is developed in five phases

exhibit would reopen with the exof applied knowledge. These are

position. presented in the basrelief and are

Our exhibit consists of a shaded benevolence, science. Priesthood of

patio lounge and the building which God, home culture, and creative houses the display, with models of recreation. These ideals are offered

the great tabernacle and temple to instil an ambitious desire for constanding at the entrance. Featured tinuous development in the individdisplays include statuary groups, ual. They lend an atmosphere of

mural paintings, and a basrelief spirituality to the exhibit, as inviting frieze, which tell the story of Moras the beauty of the art itself.

mon history and ideals. While space forbids our enumerThe mural paintings, arranged in ating the many special events, inter446

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936 tinued as an educational feature of A visitor who registered April the exposition. 29th from London, England, after Desert Sky Hawks

As a fitting climax, November 9th listening to the lecture, stated that [Continued from page 445) was observed as Latterday Saint we had broken down a prejudice day at the exposition. Over a thouwhich he had held for fortyseven night."Speed! Precision! Heroic

sand people were impressed by the years against the Mormon people. nonchalance!

remarks made by Elders John A. As he left he took one of each of The whirring of blades woke me

Widtsoe and Preston D. Richards. the different tracts, and said he from my dreaming. The relief pilot

Dr. Frederick M. Fisher, a noted would go back and convince his peocircled the field and landed. Mike

grabbed a wrench and went to work.

An hour later, I watched Mike roar over Piute Peak and the Valley of the Quinn. pVERYBODY in the Far West is airminded: butchers, bakers and

candlestick-makers, bankers and brokers, salesmen, teachers, and judges, fly. Men in business clothing swing out of their cars at the

Oakland Airport and order their crates pulled out with the matterof-factness of men calling at the garage for their cars.

I read the account of a pilot bringing his burning ship to earth against tremendous odds. A gasline had

broken, permitting raw gas to become ignited. The passengers escaped but, so quick was their exit,

that they did not save a parcel of baggage. When accidents happen,

INTERIOR VIEW OF L. D. S. EXHIBIT AT AMERpilots perform the seemingly imposICA'S EXPOSITION, SAN DIEGO. SHOWING pie that their prejudice against Morsible. IN BASRELIEF.SYMBOLICAL FIGURES

monism was unfounded. On another occasion two pilots

On May 1st, a distinguished vismade an emergency landing after traveler, gave an illustrated lecture itor from Egypt, a prince in his own one of their motors burned out. I

on Scenic Utah, paying many tribcountry, came into the exhibit and initiated them into the mysteries of utes to the Mormon people. examined the facsimiles of the the great desert while they were

in the hieroglyphics Pearl Egyptian for motor. a waiting They new the exposithe course of During Price. said of they were Great He fairly the itched sky. the for When fartion visitors thus have had we translation true the characters and at arrived, they motor began workregister India, Hawaii, from China, correct. to amazed was was He in to o'clock morning, the escape twoKorea, Alaska, Canada, Samoa, this rectranslator of that learn the heat. great the midmorning At Italy,Mexico, France, Roumania, a ord never had young was man who circled the into sky, the they roaredPoland, England, Sweden, and language. the studied Egyptian field, friends, their saluted and well as as corner everyEgypt from privilege 7th the on had May like the giant over We a swooped hawkof States. the determine United To into the baptizing of a woman Desert. Great Americanthe of accomplished amount good that declared her conChurch who saluted to the Hail Skyhawks who inimpossible awould be but few result to version the the Gospel was us the over as High muled we teresting incidents have been visits exhibit to of frequent our and to the Sierras birdman bold and to attention.brought our literature there. of received study a silence of the plane stabbed whose

r\N Saturday, September 7th, two Since the opening of the exposithe Grand Canyon of Arizona as distinguished leaders of the tion, one hundred thirtytwo copies I broke camp in the morning! Hail

Catholic church in New York, came of the Book of Mormon, twelve Docto the flyers droning above the maginto the booth and said, "We visited trine and Covenants, thirtytwo ical deserts and the monotonous your exhibit twice in Chicago; it was Pearl of Great Price, eleven Articles prairies! My heart has been cheered

the best there; and seeing it here, we of Faith, fiftyone The Great Temin lonely places by the winking lights

could not help coming in again. We ple, twelve Organ and Tabernacle, of the night mail. I have said a

are impressed by the zeal of your four Brief Histories of the Church prayer for grimyfaced pilots as they young people and the program that have been sold at the booth. 30,600 roared through the gusty skyway.

the Mormon people have which souvenir booklets, 9,500 pamphlets, I have praised the amazing daring holds their younger generation so and 14,100 tracts have been disof the aces whom I knew in wartime, firmly rooted in spiritual lines."tributed to the 270,000 people who but I do not offer less praise to those

They stopped to view the model of have listened to our lecture. pilots who climb into the cockpit,

the tabernacle and said, "You We extend to all a cordial invitahook on their safety belt, "give 'er carved that building out of wood, tion to visit our booth and listen to the gun,"roar down the field, gently but you carved an empire out of the explanation of the exhibit that pull the stick, and climb into fog nothing but a wilderness."has pleased so many. {Concluded on page 448)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

that a long from they were way off DESERT SKY HAWKS ideal. at the Christian were They (Continued 447) from page

home with violence; the weapons

their sole of too often anarchy ceilings.blanketed sea. All the roared plane through the above The arbiters of did hearts dispute—theirwere the flash Trail,gloomy darkness catapulting beacons our over Emigrant

at quail sight not the of blood. From

in guiding the disappearing the then heads Heroes and—flash—flash, fires their the of ashes sprang campof Peace. take east. Kelly's to voice purple I can the snapped you familiar those outfalse-fronted up

: of mailplanesbones crashed earth to against back "That yuh makes me tin sin posts hellcans, of the and

Ithe mountains but difference the appreciate invention cannot take you roaring of Bret camps Harte andto a failed to travel!"man tuh measure who makes up Twain. Markto the slogan, mail half oxshoe, "The must Turning, go of an I saw

through!"picked up from the Emigrant Trail, The Mormon volunteers did not

tELLY Pierce and I were picking ingnaileduponto thethe couragecabin door.of theCommentPioneers, ventureenlist becauseor fighting.of any cravingOn theforconad-

up a bunch of Strays, cows left Kelly gave me the shoe for a papertrary, the most cherished promisebehind during the spring drive. We weight. which those men received from

were driving from Winnemucca to Weeks later, while thinking of President Young when they comCentral Mountain, a long twenty Kelly's words, I turned to Mark menced their weary tramp across the miles across the sunburned desert. Twain's Roughing It. The author continent was the prophecy that if

The mercury touched one hundred was crossing the Salt Desert. He they lived right they would not have

fifteen degrees. Hour after hour was dustcoated and blistered by to fire a shot at an enemy. The

we pushed the Old Gals an'd their the sun. Writing of those hours, towns which later sprang up in Utah

dogies through clouds of alkah dust. he says: "Imagine a vast, waveand Arizona under their pioneering

The ribs of the cattle crumpled like less ocean stricken dead and turned hands were built around schools and accordions and their tongues lolled. to ashes; imagine this solemn waste meetinghouses in place of reeking

All whistled day the along herd we dens of orchards and sagebushes; tufted ashdusted with

the Trail. Emigrant ten miles About vice—gardensof laid the soliinstead lifeless silence the imagine and tin cans—theyout, drove to the we down Humcultural foundation of a Christian to that belong such a place; tude

boldt River. When it came to drinkimagine a coach creeping like a bug civilization at the very beginning.

ing with those dirty gals and dogies, through the midst of this shoreless

I hesitated. Kelly drawled: "I've level, and sending up tumbled volnpHE MARCH of the Battalion men

been drinkin'that water furh twenty umes of dust as if it were a bug that from Council Bluffs to San years and I'm still livin'."went by steam; imagine this aching Diego, the longest and most gruelGlancing at his powerful body, I monotony of toiling and plowing ling march in recorded military hisdropped onto the sand and gulped kept up hour after hour."Turn to tory, need not be recounted here.

the muddy water gratefully. Before Roughing If and read to the end, There is sufficient glory in saying

dusk, we camped. I had stepped out then hear my aviatorfriend drawlthat they made it. Almost naked

of the corrugated iron shack to cut ing: "So long, I'll see you in Salt and barefooted, yoked to their

an armful of sage for our fire, as Lake tonight."Surely Kelly Pierce, wagons in place of wornout mules

we were going to have oyster stew one of the hardest riding bronchoand oxen, with no food but the for supper. My ears caught the busters in the Far West, was right sickening flesh of the brokendown

drone of a plane. Straining my when he philosophized: "That animals they replaced, with no water

eyes toward the High Sierras, I saw makes yuh appreciate the difference to drink save from the deep wells a dark spot above the sagegreen invention makes tuh travel!"they themselves dug, they were

driven to the uttermost limits of human endurance by a harsh comTHE RAM IN THE THICKET manderspected whomfor histheysinglenessneverthelessof purre- (Confinued from page 443) pose. If they fell down exhausted,

they got up again and marched on clothing. Most of this money was turbulent heroes as Sam Houston, with no thought of quitting. "To

handed over at once by the soldiers Davy Crockett, or Kit Carson. endure to the end"was the price

to their families and the Twelve. There simply is no use trying to they had agreed to pay at Council

The $20,000 thus brought into the make any comparison between the Bluffs.

Church, together with the soldier's typical, boisterous, fightloving fronBut the proudest part of all this pay three months later from Santa tiersman and the peaceable behavior story of Christian soldiers was the

Fe may well have provided the slim of those humble, sober, submissive conduct of the Battalion after armargin that pulled the "Camp of Mormon soldiers who walked. The riving in Southern California. It had

Israel"through the exigencies of foregoing is not written with any been the highminded purpose of that bitter time. intent to diminish the glory of other President Polk and the War DeIt would be a mistake to try to western heroes. All honor to the partment to extend as peaceful a

polish up the Mormon Battalion hardy men who gambled with death conquest over New Mexico and Calwith martial splendor. No one seekon the prairie. Their desperate exifornia as possible—American troops

ing the vicarious thrills of tales of ploits make a glamorous page in were to be ambassadors of good will frontier conquest and adventure American history. who would subdue the dusky southwould ever waste time reading about But however brightly the halo of erners with kindness and fair treatthe Battalion. He would read instead romance glows about such robust, ment rather than force. To the evthe romantic biographies of such swaggering figures, all must admit erlasting credit of the American

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193

it get THE RAM IN THE THICKET itantly.agement. "AlmostDon't asdobadto asletdiscourheadway."

army it must be said that most of its suaded from returning to its own "It's already taken the place."

commanders were fine gentlemen, people, they sent an express to "Oh, I don't know."Oliver

well qualified to carry out this proColonel Cooke asking him to send turned a critical eye over the pasgram. But too often the soldiers unas replacements another company ture. "I've seen worse places than

der them were drunken ruffians of Mormons, stating that they did this cleared in a year."

utterly unfitted for the task of estabnot wish any other kind of soldiers "XTNo use. "

lishing respect for the ideals of quartered there. "It might save the place for you."

American citizenship. It was doubtless these qualities "No chance,"Walt set his chin

The Mormon boys reached the that won the regard of the native stubbornly. "Besides I'm through

coast too late to participate in the Californians and that General Donbeing a caretaker for mortgage comonly battle of the conquest of Caliiphan had in mind when he expanies."

fornia, in which General Kearny was claimed to fellow officers: "I can "I've heard,"Oliver chose his

severely wounded and his little force take one thousand Mormon boys words carefully, "the government is of dragoons nearly cut to pieces. The and accomplish more in Mexico than loaning money on mortgaged

approach of the Mormon force put you can with the whole American places."

an end to any further resistance. army!""That's a new way to fish for

The duties of the Mormon soldiers The native Californians were not suckers. I'm through."

arrival, in their therefore, alone trying Batto induce the becameon farmer "No."

fortitalion coast.the peaceful of erecting to remain ones boys on the they're these days, is makingtrying—anything

fications and garrisoning the towns Strong persuasion was exerted by "Serves 'em right. They should

of San Diego and Los Angeles. the military commanders in Caliwalk off and let the land stand idle

For this work they were preemifornia to get them to reenlist for awhile. Then see what would hapnently fitted. They were quiet and a longer period. These efforts not pen. Maybe some day they'll get

sober and treated the native Calibeing successful, the officers wrote sense."

fornians with friendly respect. Their long letters to President Young conhabits of industry having been noted fidently arguing the advantages to

by their commander, they were given the Church in keeping Mormon solIhe visitor rose hastily.

unusual privileges in the matter of diers in California. But most of His voice, when he spoke was tinged

hiring themselves out in the towns the Battalion members headed for with pity and contempt.

and on neighboring ranchos. They the "Camp of Israel"as soon as "The more a thing is a man's own

literally whitewashed the whole their term of enlistment was up. A fault, the more determined he is to

town of San Diego, and dug its first few of the boys reenlisted for six put the blame on someone else."

wells. They burnt the first bricks months longer and then they too He walked to the fence. As he

in California, and paved the first bent their way back toward the straddled it he looked back. "What

streets. Saints. I came to say was, if you'll clear this

Many were skilled masons and No offer of worldly emoluments pasture of foxtail, I'll rent it."

carpenters, and they employed their was any temptation for the thought- "I wouldn't clear it for it."

abilities wherever demand could be ful, selfdisciplined young men who Oliver shrugged his shoulders.

found or created. Among the brick gathered together as often as they "O. K.,"he said, "I'll look somebuildings they erected were a courtmight to sing hymns and pray and where else then. I have to get more

house and several schoolhouses. encourage each other. Somewhere pasture."and hay. I bought yourThe money thus earned was in the solemn past they had caught cows—

promptly invested in outfits to carry something of Joseph Smith's vision Walt sprang to his feet. He faced

them back to their people. So cirof the Kingdom of God, and now his best friend across the fence.

cumspect had been their behavior there remained for them but one "What did you say?"hoarsely.

and so useful had they made thempurpose in life: to assist in building "I bought your cows."

selves that when their term of enup that Kingdom. Their sacrifice "You?"Walt spoke slowly, in

listment was up, the citizens of San had been made; their place now was a halfwhisper. "You bought my

Diego pleaded with them to remain. with the Saints. Their eyes were cows?

When the Californians found that fixed on that "City... whose The other nodded.

the detachment could not be disbuilder and maker is God."An instant longer Walt stared,

bewilderedly, unbelievingly. Then

suddenly his confused emotions crystallized, A low, deep anger his thundered muscles tightened and FOXTAIL veins. his His his blood through

{Continued from page 427) breath"You—youcame abruptly,bought uncertainly.my cows—,"

"Saw you up here. Thought I'd "Certainly. It always does."still his voice was calm and level.

drop by a minute."Walt's voice carried that 'youknow- Again Oliver nodded.

No answer. why'tone. Then the man's voice caught an

"Tough luck."Bill started to speak, checked himexultant note. In sudden glad fury

Still no answer. self and hurriedly plucked a head of he doubled his fist and thrust it

Oliver looked down over the foxtail. He twirled it between the belligerently toward the other.

place. "Garden looks good,"he said palms of his hands, "Sell you my pasture? I'd wring

cheerfully. "Bad stuff,"he ventured hesi- {Continued on page 450)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

until got him. He Gray

coming. long FOXTAIL wouldn'tsomewherebe

(Continued from page 449)

your neck first. If you ever come relief it would be to have it over. Pi. s HE approached the

on the place again while I am here Indecision was what got a man. gate the huge beast paused, head up,

I'll do it anyway."Telling Gladys wouldn't be easy. his crafty brain grasping the fact

For an instant Oliver looked at She would want to hang on, but his that somewhere near was man and the other in indecision. He took a mind was made up. With his debts an end to his freedom. He lowered

step nearer the fence, then stopped. gone everything else would be gone, his head and with an enormous hoof

"Raspberry!"Turning on his but he wouldn't mind starting from sent a shower of dust flying backheel he strode quickly away. scratch. He wouldn't be fool enough ward, emitting at the same time a

rage. of from between Then, bellow the lane reached Until he Walt rolled to tie himself up again. A load

shrill childthe house came him and his thewatched, edge dulling on his shoulders. the from made He

riotous anger. Why had Oliver said yard fence in one easy leap, the gate ish laughter,

that? He started for the barn, but was too far away. With his hand "Gee, isn't he a whopper though?"

the peak of his anger was gone and on the porch screen he paused. From Walt whirled. Standing slightly

the old baffled resentment surged the bedroom came the sound of quiet to the right of the woodpile was through him. Before he reached the sobbing. Bobby, his body shaking with

barn he changed his mind and struck "Never mind, Dearie."Mrs. laughter. With one hand he graspout across the alfalfa. The hay was Oliver was still there. "I know it's ed the tongue of his little red wagon.

short and crowded with foxtail and hard but it couldn't be helped."With the other he brandished a

stick. crop.cheat. lucky be He'd Some it?"could couldn't "Oh, Walt shouted, more he "Shoo!""Makeif got to the he feed enough one cow stiffen. not, feel Gladys "Maybe dust."left.the mortgage had company He satislike to I'd the but have had anthe enraged This what was listlesslykicked a heads dozen and of faction he knowing went down lowseeking. imal been With had to foxtail leg ripenedof the clung fighting. gives before he up Walt crashing charged, he ered head it his overalls. inof out one Clean starts."

it if as fence the had through punyyear, said. Oliver course had Of silence, a moment's There was his sensing cardboard. Bobby, been like always him knew.he Men again. Oliver then spoke Mrs.

late, toto started run too danger Oliver Probably beenknew. had

I'd don't kitchen house. the From the say ward "Well—I know—as lips at curlingsecretly his him.

fight He that. It's not he won't so much scream. porch an agonized came dickwouldn'tmust have or he have

ered with the Mortgage Company as discouragement. You remember There was no time to think. Inher the old on mare got when down at himself flung stinctively Waltfor his hard, cows. void heavy The

in kicks ditch? the back good Two chain. It burned the dragging for carryingthat been had Walt

herself get to she needed was all nearly fingers his and through until and its weightdays grew grew out, out with but we had to pry her feet. his Desperjerked from him stifling. stumblingly, Slowly,was

poles. to that Discouragement does his and around threw body ately he the house. backhe turned toward

Maybe if he'd lie down again he some men."as he caught the iron stake, set his

could rest a few minutes. Walt turned and, going back to heels into the ground. They plowed

the corral, threw himself on a mound furrows through the caked earth.

STANDING by the corral of hay. Lying there he lost all sense Ahead was a huge chopping block

fence and looking forlornly in the of time, but he was brought back to with four spikes upright in it, used direction taken by the herd, stood earth by a long rumbling challenge, to hold wood in place while being

Betsy, his lone cow. He wouldn't disquieting in its volume and temper. sawed. He swerved, and just as

have begged a favor of anyone, but Walt sprang erect and stepped out the animal struck, threw the chain

Gladys had no such pride. Only where he could see the road. Everybetween the spikes. They held the

she didn't beg, she demanded. They one around had warned Gray about iron stake and kept it from slipping

must have milk so the company had that bull. He was getting old and through. With all his braced

left Betsy. shorttempered, and just now was strength Walt pulled back. It

Something about the cow's looks hunting a fight. Down the road he wasn't much. The block toppled

made Walt step quickly to her head. came, his thick, broad head carrying over but it jerked the animal's head

Grimly he examined her mouth and sideways from the weight of a chain suddenly sideways, breaking the jaws. Foxtail again, huh? It had that hung from his nose. On the force of his charge.

worked pretty well into her throat, end of the chain was a short iron Walt never remembered clearly too. His arms dropped like plumstake, the reason, doubtless, of his what happened then. There were

mets to his side and for an instant freedom. He shuffled rapidly along, Gray and his men on horses. There

his head bowed. Then he straightjerking his head savagely up and were screaming women and Doctor

still little figure on a whiteened and laughed. A hard, strident down, sending to the world his irate Joe and a

laugh that loosed something within message that he was free and ready bed.

him. So that was why Betsy had to do battle. Occasionally he would The Doctor came again before

been left. Just one more thing, but stop and look about as if seeking night. He sat by the bed hstening

it was the last. some object on which to prove his to the child's pulse. He looked up

Again he started toward the valor. at the gaunt, holloweyed man in

house. Briskly this time. There Walt walked slowly toward the the doorway.

was no sense in staying on here now. road. It would never do to let him "Quick work, Walt,"he said.

He'd clear things up and move off run free. If he could ease him "I've found no broken bones, but

he would havenext month—next week. What a through the gate he might hold him one breath more and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

Joe says—FOXTAIL husband,, "she stoppedwith steady,in wonder.sure Her

unfastening a halter from hands was sleep got to there are again he could he Unless smashed.been inWhen the stanhead. Betsy's opened He long asternal Tipsleep as injuries or he pleased. concussion a few the chion bewildered drove and cow the clock will toeing find awkwardly he took the worse nonedays him into morning. the out He dewy livingfor his in the jar shock. proband put it on the radio We'll and his a gunnysack on hands wipedably know by midnight,—morning room. Its ticking followed him back. and reached for the lantern. took he a chest by theanyway."window From "Walt, what have you been doflung blanket. Folding small it, he Gladys was not crying now. She a ing?

it timepiece. offending the dryeyed, over watching, aboutmoved Now throat. in foxtail a her "Betsy had

it little to twelve take the prescribed never things themdoing by would it let on."to go Dangerous wall took the he o'clock.doctor. Again by stood both Walt, them Over to his her turned and eyes He vigil. his bitter.his hard up Quick and mouth see light in could she the even dim

his that? turned quickwork, not but enough. That was He What purposeful. their clear gaze and was Distinctly, slightly. unmishis about, but always headwas the haziness, bewilderment, the way—just The tickclicking the quick quite. takably came therenot Oliver Mrs. was hurt gone. were living to ticktock. the in tock, yet. oragain, about fussed Back She into herself flung a she sob With slightly stumbling called went, hethe kitchen presently room and close his her arms. and drew He rug. of Snatching the bite. the over to eat a edgethem disorthe with brushed one hand the grasped blanket the he gently from pushed Gladys She away forehead. hair Bendher dered from

sit the thing opening tothe and followed unshamed and room Walt eyelid tired ing each he touched it night. into flung the screen, table. at her them poured He Sheby

lips. his with

its face, at but looking sipof avoided aeach chocolate hot cup and east to the motioned "Look,"he it the fiendishly, through whirled as slowly. hersped

filled fresh his the lungs with and its it flung all back, renight,"from blackness she "We'll be up is air. breaking. Antangy "Day to "ten hands, "It him. phosphorescent better tominded be would us. for lending They're other day

little."twelve."eat a

will like Oliver mine. farms on money

to twelve. twelve. to better. he'd guessed Ten Ten wonHe He sure, let back. I'm the herd have me

if the of fighteating semidarkness room the a of partdered From were that's them. bought he now, why ticking. his for hands chocolate luminous a thousand reached He again. trying of the joy have We'll of the door a beside him. took leaned swallow. His tocked wifeand At

to say can't have up grow Bob We his. stopped. put Doctorover over the he and hand one bedroom

foxtail."licked his by was Dad it, I will."the "He'll bed. Mrs. over he bending was make know Joe

in cling to an only could him She clasping to out, return reach to and Oliver's wanted hands were He of understanding. ecstasy

tell lap. caress, to that places inher her Gladys her unclasping was

for gate the yard he opened As fingers things did bed, her matter not the kneesand cows and her by on face. his grin over spread a slow her her. for strangely hair.except in clutched wanted her He just looking feel already better "I

to that that out sob hardness was didn't her. watched Walt Why I see to scrap. to a forward want indecisive,within him, something but hair? be tear her she would That lie I rest before Oliver but you down hurt, it,something held back. him his relief. try he'd but a Maybe Why hesitated, he for awhile."she As promises?should he side. make his Her stubbornly hands by hung argue. sharply, "Don't added When in ears, his quits rangwords useless, "Walt his to the eyes turned He 'lie it!"I say, down,'do

it. starts."before he That was things. He burns horny were on There

made wonderful starts but was darn the palms from the chain. It didn't

poor on the finish. He'd better go matter. They wouldn't have anyThe Advertisers,do the milking. Then he rememthing to do now. There were no

bered he had only Betsy to milk. cows, no feeding, no little chubby and Where You Will Find

When next the doctor came he lad to lead. No fight in them. All Their Messages

stayed. out. knocked

"He's a good fighter,"he said to Doctor settled back on his chair AmericanBeneficial ProductsLife InsuranceCo Co 455the two agonized watchers, "—lots with a tired smile. With a sob Back Cover

of hope."Gladys laid her head beside the Brigham Young University 455

boy's. A breathless moment, and ContinentalDesret Mortuary.JnsideOil Refining Coback Cover453

Ihe night wore on, centhen Walt saw the child's eyelids Deseret News Press Co 454 tury after century. Walt refused flutter open. His gaze swept slowly Eastman Kodak Co

a chair and leaned against the wall, and restlessly past the Mother, over Inside Back Cover 452 School Beauty the Doctor, until it found the right Excelsis hazily of out the way.back Only 451 Grant, Heber & Co J. face. still face the bed, the whitehe saw -...Inside Front Cover KSLof the child. Somewhere in the "We—-we made it. Dad."It was L. D. S. Business College 451

room were Gladys and the everscarcely more than a breath, but it Lewis, Mose 453 present Mrs. Oliver. brought the man's great hands into Lion Photo Service 452

In the stillness of those blank a hard clinch. He looked down at QuishProgressSchoolTailoringof BeautyCo - 453

hours the ticking of the alarm clock them again. No fight in 'em? Who - Inside Back Cover

struck like the booming of a cannon. said so? Shepherds Town Card Co 452

Slowly he turned and looked at it. Dawn was streaking the sky when Utah Oil Refining Co

Inside Back Cover—to door. the barn Gladys dresser came the it here on needHe didn't Publishing (Horst Co. Utah

it so take to longer. Don't Walt. "Walt, were cows There noany Sharffs) 454

be milked, no feeding to be done. hard. Bobby is all right. Doctor

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

WHAVILAHWHERE THERE IS GOLD"[Concluded [rom page 401)

not realize that at one time some four thousand people had lived in that district. Several fires have destroyed most of the evidences of any

civilization that existed in those mountain fastnesses. It was there

that Mr. Willard S. Wood, photographer for the Examiner party,

found Sister Miller and took her photograph. Mention is made in

the article that she at one time had been with the Latterday Saints at

San Bernardino. The picture of this

good woman and the story about her made a deep impression upon my mind, and I immediately decided to JSJ''W'>'!!

visit her and learn if there yet remained with her the faith she must HANNAHDOOR OF MILLERHER CABINAS SHEINSITSHAVILAH.AT THE

have had as a girl while living in

San Bernardino. "It would make no matter where I

Sixtyfive miles east of Bakersin the or in China, GosRussia was, Business Training has Market field, right in of the tops the Sierra is Christ pel of true and Joseph Jesus Value I in at Havilah, Nevadas company living is the of prophet a Smith 'Your cducacollege or high with President S. Bunting John of God."sell. is cation to valuable—bntschool hard the Bakersfleld of the Branch her I told did not her want up we courses short, intensive 'Master our

in stenography, accounting, or genChurch, Henry S. Jackson of the in the mountains all alone, and asked

eral office procedure—there's a deWilshire Ward bishopric, and our her if she would not let us take her

mand for L. D. S. trained men and wives, Sister Miller. In we found could Bakersfleld to where we down women. the glorious that days are passed proof life comforts give the her and

offer equipment, 'We you excellent she registrar, the had been the postnot she need for so that vide her efficient Instruction, active emand mistress, the storekeeper. and Tocall could people worry, where and service. ployment

day, at the of ninetytwo, age she for her needs. help care and on her Write today for our booklet, 'Plansits in there alone a little room at is said: and she "This home the But my Future."ning Your

rear of her store, or in the front here in my home I am going to die.

doorway of her cabin. The shelves I do not want to leave Havilah."L. D. S. BUSINESS \ are gone, but the counter still reShe has made friends of all classes

COLLEGE mains.served, butNoitpeopleis her home.live there to be ofhavesocietyprovidedin Kernall thecounty,comfortsand theythat

(A Department of the L. D. S. We asked her for her story, and can be provided up in the mountains

College) she told us accepted she had little shack. that the in frame She has

Street 70 Main North in Australia Gospel where she was the lived life; she a good has won City. Salt Utah Lake

born November 21, 1844. She later respect of all good people; she is

'Hissionaries: We offer a special left Australia in company with her honored and loved today; and

rate to all returned missionaries. folks and landed in San Pedro in throughout the years of her loneliwillwill girl, in the school. bebe iinterestedI YouYou as 1855 an old eleven year in the on ness, ever she kept has mind

social activities Church,Church, andandI to of our her Zion. as the Inasmuch way fact her that near Heavenly she was AbbotsAbbots Clnb.Club

I Saints established settlement a had close that Father, very and was He at San Bernardino, she settled there. to her, even though she sits there

When the call came from Brigham for two or three days at a time withYoung in the fall of 1857 for the out seeing a living soul.

Saints return to to Salt City, Lake ENROLL in of the NOW she with company many size, developed any FILMS, KODAK for a Modern 8 coin prints Reprints, 25c made for and other Saints, to Salt City went Lake size, each. us Write 3c now; any where she lived for some few years. cial grift offer and free mailing supplies.for speeasy SERVICE,to mail us BOXyour 351films.OGDEN,LION BEAUTY Later she returned to her beloved It'sPHOTO COURSE California and found her way to UTAH.

SPECIAL RATES Havilah, where she became a very

Sell Greeting Cards Portraying the TRUE Spirit of EXCEL-CIS importantShe told personage.us of her life, and she sits

BEAUTY SCHOOL there in her rocking chair waiting

Office Home CHRISTMAS to pass. for the time I asked her if Scripture of Folders Is, withDeLuxe Text Our Box 24 East Salt Lake Broadway 3%

value best the market. on the valut doubt, out A $1.75 for still Catalog Mail Free Coupon believed City she that "Mormonism"

for or postpaid to you sent more boxes, 60c. Two 50c

Name was true, and she bore her testimony eacti. For 4 Boxes, eiicli containing 15 lovely Cards and

most fervently in such a way that Polders,SHEPHERD'Ssend $1.00.TOWN TakeCARDordersCO.,now!Shepherdstown,They sell on Pa.sight. Address every eye was dimmed with tears:

: a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Continued from page 431)

found. The cliff of ice was so nearly The ice was disrupting. Bob

perpendicular that a foothold in it could hear the hurling splash of -was impossible. water somewhere in the raging

tempest. It seemed as if the whole

LxAN WAS repeatedly world was in the throes of an icy, shouting to them from the clifftop boiling volcano. With great effort

to hurry, evidently sensing the danBob tried to crush down fear and to forfor vouryourger in the oncoming rumbling, and think clearly. He seemed to see the W9

fearing in this icy separation world trip! motor sinking in freighter the Banaza s listing teenie trip plan, terror desolation.of Personal and midst ripping of the turmoil, with free! sent hotels, camp*, wonders, ice-'wall the before Occasionally little the radio shouting forth deck to you want telling when and where write, Just

travel complete postpaid, slant will to Spike mail you, old and seemedBob go. We the into the again teeth of words in America North trip anywhere for motor slightto but next degree, a the few Elaborate maps obligation! charge, no of the black boiling tempest: "I and plan—free trip, with entire '

-''=- it *tHf -"'straightsteps looming found up routes and best your with alway."you am conditions latest road atagain. slants Finally of these one... hotel and marked to float words The seseemed

rates lists, with camp silently Spikeold gazed and paused his-.. scenic, renely to to guide the through him howling,

spiral-.toric kV sights—all a turned he moment.upward Then shrieking gale. especially alway,"you book, up "With made Touraide into bound

Also Conoco maps. unfolding Eliminatesto you. for Bob: he whispered, strange, a unrec- and expense card, identification with Passport

request. in steps on to A information dig out have sport "We'll Fishing, ords troubled calm settled over to Write now Oil Co. Continental of service him—It's ice knives.the pocket with our calm the neither terrifying which

turns, takethe only We'll way up. upheaval nor the overturning of the CONOCODEPT. 50 TRAVELDENVER, COLORADOBUREAU turn. steps ten at a diggingeach icemountain under could them

We've got to work fast. I'll dig shake.

first."As old Spike was digging upward In the stormfilled darkinto the driving mist, clinging to ness old Spike slid rapidly down the small projections of ice with one face of the now slanting icecliff to hand and digging with the other, Bob's side. The next instant Dan

Bob waited for his turn on the ledge did likewise from the top. The

telow. mountain of ice under them conThe wind had become a gale, and tinued on over, forced by the mighty WILIYOU WEAR THIS SUIT

the mountain of ice was shaking as power of the gale. Then suddenly, and Moke up to $12 in o Doy I

if from a tremendous earthquake. the three huddling close together in I Let me send you this fine allwool tailored suit

It had become almost as dark as silence felt the overturning of the jFREEjshoff theOF suitCOST.to yourJustfriends.follow myMakeeasyupplanto $12and

experienDe—no canvassingpitch black night in the driving icemountain cease. It lurched linI necessary.a day easily. No

for to Send storm.Arctic see drunkenly hardly Samples—FREE then seemed OF COST a moment, Bob could

for details. today I Write FREE ACTUAL SAMlift itself free to goold Spike's to the of something form hanging "surefire"getting and plans. money PLES

face of the ice directly above him. rising and falling with the swell of H. J. Collin, PROGRESSSend no moneyTAILORING CO.

The roaring rumblings were in their the stormswept ocean. Dept. G-128 500 S. Throop St., Chicago, III.

very ears now. All was wild conThe ice had disrupted—had

fusion about them. Some dozens of broken up!

feet upward, on top of the icy cliff, Old Spike leaned close to Bob's

Dan's screaming shout came through ear and motioned for Dan to come HEADQUARTERS closer. oldto shouted barely audible above the them seaman The to For Latterday Saints ragingtearing the above heard wind. storm be

Then even before Bob could raise "We're on another iceberg,"he Garments his voice in answer, the mountain of yelled. "It's broken loose from FROM FACTORY TO YOU

ice under their feet lurched crazily, where it was stranded in the ice We Solicit Your Mail Orders swung dizzily to and fro like a huge and is floating."No. 88. Lt.New Wt.StyleMen's and Ladies'$.65

89. No. Men's and Ladies'in to listening the water. Bob's earscork on one rough were Then

1.10 Med.New StyleWt.

its to continuous the gale. roar overdizzy of swingsof 80. it seemed 1.35 The No. Men's Double Heavy Back Wt.

balance and continue on over semidark walls of howling winds No. 81. HeavyBack Wt. Old Style Double 1.50

slowly over, wrapped in the wild about them seemed to be angry that No.No. 87.8-5. VeryLt. Wt.SpecialOld andNonRunNew Styles....Gar-.85confusion of the howling stormfilled they were unable to tear the three ments—Guaranteed -—Not to

Arctic. from the troughlike depression in No. 84. Med.Run RayonLt. Wt,SpecialMen's and La-. 1.10

The level ledge of ice under Bob's the ice. dies'ed Yarn,New Style,Extra DoubleFine Comb85

feet quickly changed to a steep The berg swayed on in the howlSpecify when ordering your bust, trunk length, vyhether or old new ing gale sliding minutes, himself slant, and for a few he found then andif ladies'. or men's Paystyle,Postageand We

in into the slippery the surface the darkness came up suddenly in States. thedown United Anywhere

face of the now leaning cliff. The against some immovable object with

wind shrieked dismally and seemed a sickening thud. MOSE LEWIS

to increase with every minute. The The three gazed intently into the 14 SO. MAIN ST.

grinding, scraping roar of piling hurlstorm-torn area ahead to see what SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ing ice behind the hazy stormcur- had stopped the berg. Dimly, an Please mention Magazineseeing this Ad in this

tain was terrifying to hear. {Continued on page 454)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Continued from page 453)

icy spire could be made out, rearing of the troughlike depression until itself into the Arctic turmoil like the extreme top was reached. Here

some great ghostlike finger which the side of the berg dropped away was serenely immune against the in a jagged and steep cliff of ice, warring elements. The wind whipwith only a few feet ahead visible

ped about it with savage fury, but it to the eye.

remained unmoved, majestically anThe gale from their backs almost

quickly continued old on Spike whistled softly gasped. but Bob Dan to

off in cutting the directOf OYorJ chored. took them from their lofty perch, thus that could anything down, amazement

remain stationary in the mighty force of the driving wind. Slower

Cke Jjrioe storm"We'veaboutrunthem.into a stranded berg!"Numband slowerhandswentclungtheto narrowsilent descent.ledges,

shouted old Spike above the raging while the wind whipped and whiswind. tled in and out among the haze hid-

"Maybe it's the berg that our den, icy depressions.

MID the excitement of prepcave is on,"Bob yelled back. Once, on a twofoot ledge. Bob

aration for the happy event, "Maybe!"shouted Spike. "Think dared to look out and down into

it is comforting to know that we can climb down the side of this the whirling, roaring turmoil below.

your wedding stationery is berg and get aboard to see?"There the sinister rumbling of piling

correct in form and in the latBob shuddered. The thought of ice added to the fearfulness of the

est mode. See our beautiful moving out of the comparative upheaval. But he quickly turned

new stock of social stationery safety of the troughlike depression back and faced the cliff, lest he overand let us handle this detail atop the icemountain and to climb balance and be drawn toward the for you, assured that it will down its hazardous side in the teeth disruption below.

receive the most painstaking of a tearing gale was not a pleasant The berg rocked alarmingly uncare. Prices very modest. one. Again Bob shuddered, and a der their feet at times, causing them

new wave of fear began to climb his to cast anxious glances toward the

Call oc write for samples backbone. What if one of the three dim and lofty peak of the adjoining

of them should shp in the halfdark- berg. Bob could feel tremendous

ness of the storm as they climbed shocks run through the icemoun- down the steep, slippery side and go tain under them at frequent interhurtling to an icy death hundreds of vals, and knew that great blocks of feet below? It would leave only two ice were being hurled into the iceto carry on and try to win out of berg by the driving storm. It seemthis land of ice and coldness. ed that they would never reach the

But then Bob realized that they bottom.

couldn't stay here. The intense cold Old Spike halted suddenly to gaze

was beginning to come through intently into the rushing, hazy eleto clung while ments, clothing. their Bob and Dan must They heavy'Deseret him. the ice with to Exand gazed blankets clothing have more and

roll themselves in, or the cold would tending outward and resting on the soon freeze them immovable. They opposite berg, they saw a bridgeiNews Press must keep moving! They must go like shelf of ice spanning the gap

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City somewhere! In the excitement and some distance above the level of the

"Pioneer Printers of the West"strenuous exercise of the past few ocean.

hours, the cold had gone unnoticed, Out on this bridge of ice went old but it was creeping in on them now Spike without a word. Bob and Dan

from all sides, the icy hand of a grim followed closely. The gale sucked

fate. at them ferociously. The ice thunonce than dered the below them. More from of the words Thoughts LIFE'S ORIGIN lift him as would voice the wind Bob thought steadied Bob's deckradio

IF YOU WISH he shouted his answer to old Spike. from the icebridge and carry him

inferno. into But the howling clean with loved up "We'll your ones grow that try! We can't stay here! away

in are the taught that they to his hands and old Spike dropped lead!"right You life highest the the of and wonder hearts,way

chastity, ideals of book at handit whichwould willbe advisablehelp createto Bob saw old Spike turn to Dan; knees, and the boys, following suit, have a and nourish in their minds the sanctity saw Dan nod in the affirmative to found that the wind gripped them

to fundamentals. attaches those which

Origin""Life's Horst Scharffs is an the older man's questioning look. less in this position. They crawled by

is exceptionally book which commendable the adforward, reaching rapidly a without hazy word the Then all to to desire help great proving of who abruptness. joining berg with sudden crawled engineer of the old shape friend, purity. of the further cause A

relative, children, your or you will profit forward into the storm. Pausing, old Spike shouted: ideal book. from this

It is mailed to any address for $1.00 pre- "If our cave is on this berg, we

paid. Write to

PUBLISHING HOUSE Jl5ob and Dan followed, must be just about on a level with UTAH

Box 1664—Salt Lake City, Utah keeping close together in the howlit. Follow me and keep your eyes

ing chaos. They crawled up one side open for caves!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1936

Moving Mountains -> At <. "

/\fter a few minutes.

Bob thought he noticed a familiar ovelook about the berg. But was that

possible, he asked himself. All bergs

look more or less alike, and verylittle could be seen of this one j BrhamVxing University mu pwarI thethrough raging storm. i than to a Latterday is a glorious an ideal is more Saint—it for But he not wrong, was the

i adventure. instantnext shouting was and Dan

Scholarship University Church your with At is combinedpointing slightly upward. There,

above them, lay the stormswept Spirituality and Character development to give you Educathat will help you to rise toshelf with their cavehome nestling tion at its best—Education

at its back. In a moment the three higher levels of joy and attainment.

were striding across the shelf toward STANDARD UNIVERSITY TRAINING AT LOWEST COST the cave. Work Approved by Highest Accrediting Agencies

Pushing inside. Bob touched a REGISTRATION: September 25, 26 and 28

match to the candle while old Spike For catalog and other information address refastened the blanket securely The President across the entrance.

"Safe at last,"Bob breathed, UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNGflinging himself on a box beside Provo, Utah

Dan. "For a while only,"returned old

Spike with a grave look. "When

our food plays out, we've got to be far enough south to hail a boat, or we starve and freeze to death. We'll

eat now, then roll up and sleep until this storm blows over. We needrest. When we wake, we'll start IS PROVING A BL

south over the ice with as much of our provisions as we can drag. It'sour only chance."FOLiCS WHO

In the dim, flickering light of the candle, the three ate in silence from provisions which looked scanty now IIMg|.

in their eyes, for tell could no one how long they might have to depend on the few boxes of food to keep starving.them from rifle All but one HAVE NICE YEAR

By P. H. GRAHAM losthad been on the ice. There was

'ROUND EARNINGSplenty of is true a story. I ammunition, know but would THIS

this I personally. man know is really There diffinothingthey meet or to fowl with game of folks he helped. has many cult this plan. about Any man I of know with widows children forshoot food? or with woman spare some time to support thank who him

start can making money immediquestions their These I of incomes. rolled know menfor of doubt

through the minds of all three as nowwho makinglost theirmorejobs,moneybut thanare ately.locality Evenyou rightcan inhaveyourmoneyown

ever tell before. I of can you in coming every week. I sincerefinishedthey eating, blowing and

live and better men who women ly ask fill you to out mail and of because the this opportunitythe out, candle in rolled after blanket the coupon. You don't obligate gives to to their man them add yourself risk or any money. Youblanket rest to sleep for I and incomes. literally Yes, know what will receive complete details b> of folks to hundreds this ofwhom mail.might You have an opportunity they come when awoke. of man's idea ha.s doing business to start riglxt away and have been a Godsend. could sleep for Bob not a long the money you in. need coming

It will certainly.... pay to you,time after lay he sindown. tnis The trial.. a Better sit DO YOU MONEY? NEED down write and your namegive

"d address the on, i coupon or u a nennvister nostcardposica.a andand roaring at rumblings the and Perhapsn you,.too are in urgent of need. money it mail to him at once

to bills. pressing meet You have spare may someberg's base, the thundering of the time to you turn want cash. into will Then you want

to write this at will man There be drivenstorm screaming a JK itk, -a.a.a.a.a.aaaa of obligation part. on will your tell write and about Heonce. no r'rFr wyrrwwthe gale in the filled a wonderful for helping has plan he you. ice,darkness—allthe

is President He milliondollar large a manufaclittlethe eerily icecave and drove turing company. does in business every section ALBERT MILLS, President Heof

sleep for of the locality. very time. your a long Ave., Monmouth started away 1903 some Cincinnati, He Ohio

I years agoCountry—in idea. this: It with have "I'll an was some said, time I can He spare need extra and and again Time dozed, only Bob help are money. worthy people in of Without need obligation, who money. tell please My me about

proven for your businessbuilding shall plan plans helping be the given to me.to jerked be awake suddenly the by deserving too, they, so can money."prospered. have He

thunderous dash and roar of ice and Hisfollowingbusinessthese becamepracticalmost"GoldentremendouslyRule"plans.successfulAnd Namewind. Then slowly the noise lessentoday it is still growing. Right now he needs 300

ed as his senses gradually became menneeds andsomeonewomenin inyourall sectionparts oftothehelpCountry.handle theHe Address

attuned somewhat to the turmoil, guaranteesbusiness there.a fair,Tosquareeveryonedealwhoand acceptsan amazinghis offeropporhe

and he sank into a troubled sleep. tunity to make as high as $42.50 in a week in this

( To be Concluded pleasant, dignified manner. (This offer not good outside the U. S.)

. a

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY TO AN ERA FAN AND ART LOVER

PROGRAM—the o is pronounced as in the word oat; the a THE writer of a letter dated at Ogden, Utah, May 11, (will you please note this?) as in the word cat; the accent To 1936 and signed "An Improvement Era Fan and Art

is on the first part of the word. All right, now hit the pro hard Lover"we wish to express our thanks and appreciation.

andRoute—hasthen say thethe ramsame withpronunciationthe a as inas at,the cat,wordrat,root.etc. Your wouldAny befurthersincerelysuch gratefulinformationfor thewouldopportunitybe welcomedto communiand we

train then is routed (pronounced rooted); your brother or son cate with you further. carries a paper route (root); your family is en route (ang—The Editors.

as in armroot) route; the i becomes in the as roo sound same Routine'-has

is the latter "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"accent of police; like the on the i in the and word

syllable. The word then would appear as sounded if spelled: Mesa, Arizona

rooteen with the emphasis on the teen part. March 12. 1936.

GOOD WORK! Dear Editors:DO appreciate having the Era in our home. We feel TOGETHER the BeeHive and Gleaner Girls of Wasatch Ward WEthat it is the voice of the Church and a direct message

in Salt Lake City, Utah, have performed five hundred six from our beloved leaders. All the material therein is an

baptisms for their dead in the Salt Lake Temple. The Scouts, inspiration to a better living as well as being a source of

Explorers, and M Men cooperated by doing three hundred choice information.

fortyeight baptisms. This group is now at work gathering Because I felt the dynamic power of Earl J. Glade when

names for another excursion. I was a mere child, I have been inspired every time I have

read of his good works. Naturally his article in the March

MESSAGE FROM NORWAY number has a direct appeal to me.

ofiier different, so vital. yet all every so does And article—all Trondheim, Norway

vital stories have than they the seem and more sound Even 1936. 26, March

sometimes. done Fellow Workers: Dear

yours, Truly report that I feel in I can truthfully MISSIONARY Norway, A

B. Jarvis. Mildred AS in nicely is progressing very that of the Lord the work

mission our time we receive... ourandcopyyou ofcanThebe Improvementsure we look Era.forward to the

yours, Sincerely Winslow Swensen. MRS.receivedJohnsonsomesaidgiftsto fromher fivetheir littlechildlesschildrenneighbors,who hadthe

HELPFULNESS Kimmerers,Kimmerer's "Now,yard clean.you mustThey behavegoodgivenand youtry theseto keeplovelythe

Richmond, Utah presents and we haven't anything to gi\'e them. But we can

March 15, 1936. help."

Dear Editors: Junior spoke up, "Why, Mother, we do too give them

ARE surely enjoying the Era. With sickness and many something."WEother problems last fall I was puzzled over the way to "What?"Mrs. Johnson wanted to know.

renew our subscription to the Era. Then I received a receipt "Well,"he responded, "we give them children to play with."

from you stating that our subscription to the magazine had been paid. Upon investigation, I found that our local druggist, -

Nickoli Thompson, a nonchurch member, had given it to us as a gift. Come people have tact, and others tell the truth.

Knowing these people only in a business way, I was deeply touched. The year before, when I was president of our <*;

Y. W. M. L A., I made an appeal to the wealthy in our ward

to contribute that all who really desired it should enjoy the DOUBLE DUTY ADJECTIVES contributions inspiration the were of Era. education and Two filling station: to drove two "I want a STOUT up woman A girl Scout from received. one working a and from a Boy One "** said. of oil,"quarts she his fields less for than enough far in the beet earned had who attendant. the kind, heavy?"asked "What I appreto don't voice enough needs. meagre how know own indignant 'Say, don't man, impudent,"be young was the think gift. this to for ciation valuable these Don't people you

they are truly living one of our principles? response.—T/je Wheel.

Sincerely, Mrs. V. A. Carlson. THE TIPSTER

: "So Miss Ethel is your oldest INFORMATION ON "SUNDAY EVENING SOCIETIES"THEsister;CALLERwho (acomesyoungafterman)her?"

SOUGHT Small Boy: "Nobody yet; but pa says the first fellow that

comes can have her."issue in Fireside published Study,"ARTICLE the June "A THE

the Earl suggestion Stephens of the brought from Era has A GREAT HELP such that Utah, Avenue, numerous Ogden, of 4002 Madison clubs may already be in existence of which we may not be **'T'h.\t drought cost us more than 5,000 bushels of wheat."

aware. Brother Stephens informs us that there is a similar - "Yes, but there is no evil without some good, and you

Sunday evening society of young people organized in Ogden know that during that dry spell we could at least get some and he would like to communicate with other groups who are salt out of the shakers."Pathfinder.

already organized'along these lines.

Safety experts in Chicago estimate that we have twentyfive VERY Busy Man: "I'm sorry that my engagements prevent

thousand deaths a year from accidents in the home. Despite my attending your charity concert, but I shall be with

this appalling record, foolhardy people still persist in loitering you in spirit."

about the perilous place, and even children are sometimes Solicitor: "Splendid! And where would you like your spirit

found there. to sit? I have tickets at two, three, and five dollars."

1 io neering the NEW DESTINY of the WEST First came the colonizers, tilltion for the scenic wealth of ers of the soil. Then the miners, this territory—-the Utah Oil Redevelopers of vast natural refining Company is taking a

sources. Today the west faces leading part.

a new destiny as the nation's "Travel Hints", an unusual great vacation land, with endbooklet, describing more than a less scenic wonders and recreahundred unique places of intertional attractions. est in Utah and Idaho, is helpIn speeding this new destiny-- ing thousands of motorists plan

in stimulating greater appreciamore enjoyable trips. Copies

are free at any Pep SSVico station.

In the production of superior motoring supplies also, this company is a pioneer. The latest

scientific refining methods at our huge Salt Lake plant assure yoii of utmost satisfaction and economy in your use of Pep 88 asoline and Vico motor oil.

In Grand Teton National Pack UTAHHundredsOILof ServiceREFININGStations(UnionandPacificDealersPhotoin withUtahCOMPANYEastmanand IdahoInfraRed Process) Distributors of Atlas Tires, Batteries Accessories—and Stanolind Products

Leave Your Films INSURE Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

with Us for Fine INSURE Photo Finishing Your animals while in transit to market.

never when know You will turn snapshot good aup—that'schance forwhys Let us quote you rates.

it's a splendid idea to keep you Kodak handy. J. GRANT & COMPANY You always know, though, that your exHEBER

posed films will receive good treatment Salt Lake City, Utah from us—that's why it's a splendid idea 20 So. Main Street

to get into the habit of leaving them here.

j We Do Enlarging, Too { I And, if we do say so ourselves, we make! INDEPENDENT BE

| Vocation So Profitable! No Otherisomeglance mightyat our latestattractivesamplesbigwillprints...convinceA j ms—...w.. mM II you of that. I PESERET MORIUART --

Service Ai?ovd All,, rhTrrDr;rpitMro Culture Beauty of School /'f \4!\ Quish EASTMAI I West in the The Best

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH For Further Information Call Catalog and Jvooak j X or 7560 Wasatch

STORESjNc I Fill Couponin This 1B5 Main Street Wasatch 5292 j

Salt Lake City, Utah I LIFE INSURAN

-friSfc "

Life insurance is like a mighty bridge which carIn addition to the required reserves, Beneficial ries us over the difficult places in life's journey. policyholders interests are safeguarded by

When you hold a Beneficial Life policy you are surplus and contingent reserves amounting to sure that the pillars of your life insurance bridge ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND are anchored on solid rock and that the supDOLLARS.

erstructure has ample reserve strength for every Beneficial premiums are among the lowest; divipossible emergency... like the mighty San Frandends are unusually high; and every policy holder

cisco - Oakland bridge, to whose builders we pay participates in all the net earnings of the comtribute in this space. pany.

iMsvmiieienURmM Home Office Salt Lake City.. HEBER J. GRANT. President

CALIFORNIA "E. J. UTLEY,SORENSON.310 park310 PARKcentralCENTRALbuilding,BUILDING,los angeles,LOS ANGELES,CaliforniaCALIFORNIA

GENERAL AGENTS ARCHER Willey, 40s California building, Oakland, California

GEORGE A. ZUNDEL, 4335 SACRAMENTO AVENUE, CHICO, CALIFORNIA