"Baptism -Why Age Eight?"page 4

TheBaptism ofJesus

i 4 l&

BB**'''''*- i* x I I

ML.PSF B

I *"%, *

fe V V

Student I 10X le balanced! Iet

education include;F

* * Si # stitute

i # 'k# * # i * =

# # # *-"M *

For information wjfce Depar The Voice of the Church August 1970 Volume 73, Number 8

On the Cover Special Features When Jesus "began to be about thirty 2 Editor's Page: Keep the Commandments, President Joseph Fielding

years of age"(Luke 3:23), he left Smith

Nazareth (about 16 miles west of the 4 Baptism—Why Age Eight? C. N. Ottosen

River Jordan's mouth) and descended 8 After Eden, Jay M. Todd

down into the valley of the river. The 10 Seven Danger Signals of a Sick Marriage, Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis

geographicalentire area—Sea

lee, river, and the Dead Sea—of isGaliall 16 Wixom"Shall the Children of the Kingdom Pollute My Holy Land?"Hartt

is level. Galilee sea 686 feetbelow be30 New Directions in MIA, Eleanor Knowles

River level, Jordan the andlow sea drops deeper into the earth until at the 68 The Christian World Awakens to the Need for Prophets, Dr. Louis C.

entrance of the Dead Sea it is 1,296 Midgley feet below sea level.) From Nazareth

Jesus would have gone southward about Regular Features 70 miles to "Bethabara beyond Jordan, 24 Today's Family: Family Decision Making, Part 1: Daily Routine

where John was baptizing"(John 1:28), Decisions, Dr. Melvin J. Stanford

four miles north of the river's entrance 28 Presiding Bishopric's Page: The New Priesthood Personal Achievement

into the Dead Sea. Into the turbid and Program

slowmoving Jordan stepped Jesus to 49 Research & Review: Why Did the Latterday Saints Experience

be baptized. "And Jesus, when he was Persecution? Dr. Leonard J. Arrington

baptized, went up straightway out of 54 The Church Moves On the water: and, lo, the heavens were 58 LDS Scene

opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit 60 Buffs and Rebuffs like dove, aof descending God and 62 These Times: Pride, Success, and Statehood in Indochina, Dr. G.

lo a voicelighting from upon him. And

heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, Homer Durham in whom I am well pleased."(Matt. 3: 79 End of an Era

1617.) Our cover this month features a 31, 55, 57, 59

reproduction of a painting designed to The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

represent this baptismal scene. The

painting is by Harry Anderson, and reEra Of Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

productions of the scene are used by 34 What Do We Choose to Believe?

the Church in visitors centers to help 36 A Gathering of the Indians teach the gospel. For a related article,

Exploring Art the Chesapeake, Reid

Youth, Tests of Dr. Victor B. Clinesee page 4, "Baptism—Why Age Eight?"4038 The Four Supreme

44 And So You Wait? Renay Morton

46 From Within Me, Robyn Kite

Fiction, Poetry 20 The Mailbox, Florence Doyle Putt 18, 54, 61 Poetry

Editor; Editors; Fielding Evans, Doyle Smith, Richard M. Managing Eleanor Jay Joseph ManagingT. Todd, Editor;Assistant Gabbott, Editor; L. Editor;Green, Albert William Research JonesL. Mabel W. EditorialCopy Knowles,Berrett, Nibley, Albert Associates; G. G. Madsen, ManuscriptHugh Landau, LeonardSykes.Editor;BernellArrington,

Editor; EraDurham, Elaine Editor;Elliott Contributing D. Editors; Hanks,Homer Marion Reynolds, Associate Ralph DirecArt of Youth Cannon,L. Payne,L. Zobell,Era Trumanof YouthJr.,

tor; Artist. Price, Staff Norman

W.

Snarr, Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen

Association of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

reserved. publishedGeneral bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAil rights

Entered for in sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

Subscription except copy include35c in pleaseadvance; a change,year, a address. singleyour specialfrom a issues.recent issueThirtyof days'the magazine;notice requiredaddress forchangeschangecanof

is labelincluded. address, as well one, Whenpriceunlessordering$4.00the old as the newaddress not be made

is contributions but The responsible Improvement for delivery panied Erapostagewelcomes Advertising: be toaccomcarry and Paymentnot mustpleased ManuscriptsThe Era by sufficientof interest readers, so but not doingreturn. advertisements does to or ishis of the advertiser product. implyis madeChurchforuponunsolicitedendorsementacceptance.manuscripts.

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

The River Jordan near possible site of baptism of Jesus. Photograph, Doyle L. Green. The Improvement Era,79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, August 1970 1 The Editor's F&ge

"If ye love me, keep my comments, making covenants, taking mandments."(John 14:15.) upon ourselves obligations that Keep the These words were addressed by would bring us eternal life. It

the Master to his disciples a few would be tragic, after we have been hours before his death, as he had gathered out from those who are assembled with them to cat the "of the world,"according to theCommand passover. predictions of the prophets of old,

The Lord continued: "He that if now, for any cause, we should let

hath my commandments, and keepthe adversary find a place in our merits eth them, he it is that loveth me: hearts to destroy the truth and our

and he that loveth me shall be loved love for one another. If we love

By President Joseph Fielding Smith of my Father, and I will love him, him, we will keep his commandand will manifest myself to him. ments.

"Judas [not Iscariot] saith unto Should there be any who offend him,... Lord, how is it that thou or fail to keep the commandments

wilt manifest thyself unto us, and of the Lord, then it is evidence not unto the world? that they do not love him. We must

"Jesus answered and said unto obey them. We show by our works

him, If a man love me, he will keep that we love the Lord our God with my words: and my Father will love all our hearts, with all our might,

him, and we will come unto him, mind, and strength; and in the

and make our abode with him. name of Jesus Christ we serve him

"He that loveth me not keepeth and love our neighbor as ourself.

not my sayings: and the word This is the word of the Lord as it

which ye hear is not mine, but the has been revealed in these modern

Father's which sent me."(John times for the guidance of Israel.

14:2124.) We should have in our hearts a feelWe are members of the Church ing of love for all our fellowmen.

that we might be established in the We cannot have hatred in our truth which makes men free. The hearts for our fellowmen, whether

declaration has gone forth that in they be in the Church or out of it, the Church may be found the if we abide in the commandments word of the Lord, and so we ali of the Lord. What right have we

were baptized with the hope and to complain or find fault, or enPhoto by Eldon Linschoten desire of keeping his commanddeavor to destroy the usefulness of our brother, whoever he may be? the Lord and have no fellowship "For he that receiveth my serWe are not merely friends or felwith him. vants receiveth me;

low citizens of a city, state, or Jesus has said, "If a man love me, "And he that receiveth me renation; we are brothers and sisters. he will keep my words: and my ceiveth my Father:

"A new commandment I give unto Father will love him, and we will "And he that receiveth my Father you, that ye love one another; come unto him, and make our abode receiveth my Father's kingdom;

as I have loved you, that ye also with him."(John 14:23.) Do we therefore all that my Father hath

love one another."(John 13:34.) fully understand just what that shall be given unto him.

"A new commandment"—and yet means? The great promise that is "And this is according to the oath

like many other commandments it made to the members of this and covenant which belongeth to is as old as eternity. There never Church who are willing to abide the priesthood."

was a time when that commandby the law and keep the commandIf we keep the commandments ment did not exist and was not ments of the Lord is that they shall of the Lord, we shall enjoy the presessential to salvation, and yet it is not only receive a place in the kingence of both the Father and the always new. It never grows old, dom of God, but that they shall also Son, and we shall receive the

because it is true. have the presence of the Father Father's kingdom and shall be heirs

Shortly after the organization of and the Son; and that is not all, of God—joint heirs with our elder

the Church, the Lord said that he for the Lord has promised that all Brother. O how wonderful, how

had given unto the Church "a new that he hath shall be given unto great the blessings of the Lord to and everlasting covenant, even that them. In Section 84 of the Docthe Latterday Saints and to all

which was from the beginning."trine and Covenants, this truth is who are willing to go through the

(D&C 22:1.) Those words are very very clearly set forth: waters of baptism and abide by the

significant. It was a new and ever- "For whoso is faithful unto the law and keep the commandments

lasting covenant, and yet it had alobtaining these two priesthoods of of the Lord!

ways existed, for it was from the which I have spoken, and the magLet us love the Lord, for this is beginning. And so this new comnifying their calling, are sanctified the foundation of all things. It is

mandment that we should love by the Spirit unto the renewing of the first commandment. The second

one another has always been. The their bodies. commandment, to love our neightruth does not grow old. The prin- "They become the sons of Moses bor as ourself, is like unto it;

ciple of love is the same today as and of Aaron and the seed of Abraand when we have done that, we it was yesterday, and it will endure ham, and the church and kingdom, have fulfilled the law, because there the same tomorrow. If I am not in and the elect of God. is nothing that will be left undone.

harmony with that principle, which "And also all they who receive The Lord bless you, my brethren is a principle of eternal truth, then this priesthood receive me, saith and sisters. Let us stand together

I am under condemnation before the Lord; united in the service of the Lord. O

Era, August 1970 3

The Savior then laid his hands upon flict with the statement of Mormon them and blessed them. The prophthat infants need no baptism. It isBaptismet Mormon stated that "little natural that in the tender years of

children cannot repent;... And he infancy, repentance would be imthat saith that little children need possible, but at some stage of their

baptism denieth the mercies of development later on, it becomes

Christ, and setteth at naught the possible. Anything to the contrary

atonement of him and the power would be repugnant to the programWHY of his redemption."(Moro. 8:19of a kind and wise Heavenly Father.

20.) It naturally follows that this It is only to be expected that there

statement of Mormon and similar would come a time in the life of scriptural references should be ap- a developing personality when he plicable only until the infant has could be called upon to account forAGE developed and grown to the point his actions, repent from erroneous where he is capable of repentance, ways, and "fulfil all righteousness"knows right from wrong, and can along with all other men.EIGHT begin to be accountable for his own Churches that practice infant

actions. After having arrived at baptism and try to defend their? this point in his development, he position find that they cannot supmust also be "born of water and of port the practice scripturally or

By C. N. Ottosen the Spirit"in order to enter the otherwise. The viewpoints of

kingdom of God and attain memchurchmen vary. St. Augustine conChrist made it clear to Nicobership in Christ's Church. signed all unbaptized infants to the

demus that "except a man be born The fact that baptism was deeternal flames of hell but also wrote, of water and of the Spirit, he canclared by Christ to be mandatory by way of apology, "I am, believe not enter into the kingdom of God,"on all men is not in scriptural conme, beset by no small difficulties, and for further clarification he and I am quite at a loss what to added, "Marvel not that I said unto answer."Vincent Wilkin, Roman

thee, Ye must be born again."( John Catholic chaplain at England's Uni-

3:5, 7.) Repentance and baptism versity of Liverpool, relented and

are necessary for admittance to the

Church of Jesus Christ. They apj

the gateway through which everyone must go to obtain a remission of his sins, to become worthy to receive the Holy Ghost, and to t-xS come a member in God's kingdou (See Acts 2:38, 2 Ne. 31:17.)

This mandate is for all men, as Christ stated to John, on the occasion of his baptism, "Suffft it to be so now: for thus it becometh

us to fulfil all righteousness.** (Matt.

3:15.) One very notable exception

is with infants. Christ said, "Suffer

little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of sucl| is the

kingdom of heaven."(Matt. H:14.

C. N. Ottosen, high priests group

leader in the Wasatch Second Ward in Salt Lake City, is the insurance commissioner for the State of Utah. theorized that unbaptized infants cifically, "children shall be baptized after baptism and the receipt of the get into heaven, but not until the for the remission of their sins when Holy Ghost?

end of the world, when Christ eight years old, and receive the It is interesting to note that in comes. At that time the original laying on of hands"(D&C 68:27). certain fields of study and activity,

sin as well as death will be abolAnd it is the parent's responsibility eightyear-olds are quite uniformly ished. Infants could then enter to see that the child understands considered as being of the age of

heaven, because their only sin was the meaning of repentance, is accountability, beginning the period the original sin. 1 taught faith in Christ, the Son of in their development when they

Modern revelation comes to the God, and is prepared for the ordiare capable of exercising discretion, rescue, clarifies the matter, and nance of baptism at that age, lest judgment, and selfdiscipline, and verifies the fact that infants below "the sin be upon the heads of the being able to comprehend danger the age of discretion and accountparents."(D&C 68:25.) and know the difference between

ability shall not be prevented from To what extent is it, or is it not, right and wrong. According to reentering God's kingdom and are exarbitrary to designate the age of search studies conducted in the

cused from complying with the eight years as the age when chilfield of child psychology, the ordinance of baptism until they dren can be accountable for their maturity traits of eightyear-old have arrived at the age of discretion actions; as an age when discretion children answer those questions

and accountability. The Lord inand judgment can be expected of strongly in the affirmative and supstructed the Church through the them, so that repentance and bapport the above conclusions.

Prophet Joseph Smith that "no one tism can be required of them? Is What is a child like at age eight?

can be received into the church of there any foundation in fact, exDrs. Arnold Gesell and Frances L.

Christ unless he has arrived unto perience, or logic that warrants the Ilg, of the Clinic of Child Developthe years of accountability before designation of eight years as the ment, Yale University College of

God, and is capable of repentance"age of accountability? Are chilMedicine, collaborated in studies

(D&C 20:71), and that, more spedren at that age capable of knowand research over a period of years,

ing the difference between right analyzing the development, growth, and wrong? Are they capable of and thinking processes of children,

repenting and assuming the obligations of the new life, opportunities, and obligations that arc possible

f$Bp*

i

Photo by Eldon Linschoten and came to the following conattains half of his intelligence; he age marks the passage from the

clusions: has attained 30 percent more, or a period of selfcentered speech and

Eight is more of a person by total of 80 percent of his intellithought to verbal understanding adult standards. A dominant tengence, *by the age of eight. 3 and social thought and cooperation.

dency is to evaluate and appraise William Johnz, director of the In short, the age of seven years can what happens to him and what School of Elementary Education for be said to be the threshold over causes it to happen. the Disadvantaged, Berkeley, Caliwhich a human being passes from

He has attained a large measure fornia, has been quoted as stating: the realm of imagination and dream

of detachment from parental domi- "The best age in a person's life for to the world of reality and fact."'

nation and his teachers. He and exploring abstract science and math In our federal and state court

his schoolmates furnish their own is about eight to eleven."4 systems, the judicial opinions and

discipline, and control their own In 1938, a lawsuit was appealed decisions of many judges have activities through mutual criticism to the Michigan Supreme Court. drawn conclusions on the maturityand assignments of responsibility. The case involved an issue as to the traits of children seven and eight

He experiences shame much responsibility of children around years of age that are substantially more often; he has a growing averthe age of seven years and the identical with the conclusions of

sion to falsehood. He admits his ability of children generally at that scientists and child psychologists.

wrongdoing, and his actions reveal age to respond to danger and to Our federal and state courts have adherence to moral standards and comprehend the degree of care, been compelled to enter into and uprightness. He is learning to lose discretion, and judgment necessary to meet this problem to determine

and accepts inhibitions and limitato avoid injury in connection with if the infant involved had sufficient tions set by playmates. automobile traffic. The judges'judgment and discretion to be held

He is no longer a young child. opinion referred to the conclusions accountable and capable of negliThrough five, six, and seven, he was of many scientists and other obgent conduct.

contacting facets in the widening servers in the field of child care, The court's concern would simply world of man and saw only flashes education, and psychology, then be: At what age or at what point

and his adjustments piecemeal; but stated: in the infant's development and

at eight he begins to see conclusions "What is there in actual fact, growth can it be said that the inand make distinctions, and his uniscience, or research, to justify a fant has developed enough to be verse is less disconnected. He sees different treatment of children held accountable for his actions?

himself as a person among persons under the age of seven years from When has he sufficient judgment and a member of society. He is those that have passed this age? and experience to know right from

interested in evaluating his own One cannot fail to be impressed wrong? What is negligent conperformance and his relationship with the fact that these conclusions duct as to be chargeable with such

with others, and he wants to live which crystalized centuries ago reconduct under the law, and does it up to the standard that other people garding the special status of a child involve injury to others or conhave for him. at this age, have been confirmed tribute to his own injury?

Eight is more capable of managby presentday observers and An adult is negligent, or coning his thought, making up his scientists in the specialized field of tributorily negligent, if he fails to mind, thinking things through. He child care, education and psyobey the law or to react as a "reawants to be good and is now aware chology.... What is remarkable in sonable and prudent person"would

of the two opposing forces of good the conclusions arrived at by such react under the same set of cirand bad. He is more responsible research is the fact that the age of cumstances. 8 But no definite rule

for his acts and is willing to take seven years marks a transitional line has been found by the courts to the consequences. He is more in the mental development of chilset a like standard of care for chiltruthful and has an active interest dren. In the copious and rich dren or infants. Courts have been

in religion and the Bible. He shows literature devoted to the subject, reluctant to adopt an objective rule

more initiative in going out to meet there repeatedly recurs the emphaof this kind for children in their his environment. - sis upon this age as marking the younger years. The problem of

Dr. Benjamin S. Bloom, in his inception of thought and reason, judgment, experience, understandbook Stability and Change in Huthe commencement of exchange of ing, and knowing right conduct

man Characteristics, states in effect ideas, the beginning of concepts of from wrong varies too much that before the age of four, a child justice. Authorities hold that this throughout the earlier years, and

therefore the courts feel that no do not have sufficient discretion to hold him still incapable and not acjury of adults can judge what the be charged with negligence or concountable, but many courts hold minds of "reasonable and prudent"tributory negligence and are conthis rule rebuttable, compel proof children at any age would do under sidered incapable of negligence. in each case of the child's individual

a given set of circumstances. 7 As a One court expressed it as follows: capacity, judgment, training, backresult, two acceptable rules have "We follow the rule announced ground, and discretion, and leave

developed. The socalled Illinois by the numerous authorities enthe decision up to the court or the

rule arbitrarily holds that there is a titled to eminent respect, that an jury; (c) after attaining age eight,

conclusive presumption of incapacinfant under the age of seven is the child has reached his age of ity of any infant up to the age of incapable of contributory negliaccountabiliy, has sufficient judgseven. The great majority of states gence."9 ment, capacity, and discretion to

follow this rule. The other rule, A discussion of any legal topic know right from wrong, and is now

known as the Massachusetts rule, would hardly be complete without accepted and treated as an adult.

holds that there is a rebuttable a reference to a quotation from the Apparently, over the centuries, presumption of incapacity up to the famous old English legal authority, 8 fair to of seven. Blackstone, Sir Williamage It appears who wrote One conclusion his that theconclude both rules, under famous commentaries about

17651769, ofcourts recognize a presumption stated he in which as seems apparent:

followsincapacity including the of age, seven years: "Under up to and

of seven. difference indeed, an infantage cannot The only be guilty a normal child is

is that of states conof a felony, the majority a for then felonious sider the presumption conclusive, discretion is almost an impossibility; "accountable"at

and the minority consider the prebut at eight years old, he may be sumption rebuttable. Again, wc guilty of a felony...."10 This, of age eight

may conclude that all states concourse, refers to criminal responsisider the ages from about seven to bility, but it still reflects early students, child psychologists, and eight as the dividing line between thinking as to infant capacity and judges of tortious and criminal conthose in the lower ages, who are age of accountability. duct have all found that at eight

presumed to be incapable of judgBlackstone recalls the case of the years of age, a normal child's dement and discretion, and those over boy eight years of age who burned velopment has reached such a stage eight years, who are considered two barns and was condemned and that the infant can be considered capable of judgment and discretion hanged under seventeenth century sufficiently mature to be held acand are now accountable for their law, but even then, under the piticountable for his actions. The foreconduct and can now be judged on less jurisprudence of that time, age going material is given only in supthe facts as with adults. seven was an age of innocence. port of what Latterday Saints

It is not my intent to defend or As to children eight years of age deem the best evidence in the world justify either the Illinois or the and over, we again find the inas to when baptism of infants is

Massachusetts rule in the field of evitable human variations, but, required—God's personal directive

negligence law as it applies to ininterestingly enough, with a strong to Joseph Smith that infants shall fants. However, it is desirable to thread of consistency through the be baptized when they are eight

emphasize the fact that regardless great bulk of the cases. In spite of years of age. All other proof is

of which of the two rules is folthese variations resulting from husecondary. O

lowed, the age around seven to man differences of opinion, the FOOTNOTES eight years is found to be the consistency of most court decisions 10,1 1961,"Sufferp. the52. Little Children,"Time, Nov.

"transitional line in the mental dewhere an infant's responsibility for Child2 ArnoldFrom FiveGesellto andTen Frances(New York:L. HarperIlg, The&

velopment"of the infant. This his conduct is to be reviewed warBrothers,3 Benjamin1946),S. Bloom,pp. 16086.Stability and Change in

"crucial age of accountability"has rants the following general conHuman Characteristics (New York: John Wiley

4 Salt Lakebeen found to be the same in the clusions: (a) Under seven years of & Sons,5 1964), p. 68. vs. Tyler Tribune,Weed (MichiganDec. 15, 1966,1938),p. A-17.280

fields of child psychology, criminal age, the child is considered incap- N.W. 827, at p. 832.

supra, 7 Tyler vs. Weed, pp. 83336.law, traditions, and education. All able of judgment and discretion s6 Section 15.1, Utah Jury Instruction Forms. 174 A.L.R. 1103; 77 A.L.R.courts recognize that during the and is not responsible or account- 9 Baker vs. Alt (Michigan 1965),2nd132913.N.W.

years of infancy, up to and includable for negligent acts; (b) at age p.2nd.838.614,(Seeat casesp. 620.quoted.)Tyler vs. Weed, supra,

ing five to six years of age, children seven, the majority of the courts tion10 23.Blackstone Commentaries, Book IV, SecEra, August 1970 7

By Jay M. Todd Assistant Managing Editor

The day Adam and Eve left the Garden of Eden was ing. "Ye shall be as the gods, knowing good and evil,"

an extraordinary day for the world. In some ways, it he said. And Eve ate of "the tree of knowledge of good

was the beginning of days. The day before they had and evil."Adam, knowing the consequences more

been "eastward in Eden."* While there they had clearly, ate also. They had been commanded of God

gazed on "every tree... pleasant to the sight of man."not to eat of that tree, "for in the day thou eatest

They had known the rush of river water that went thereof thou shalt surely die."But it was in the plan of

"out of Eden to water the garden."They had known things that they would do it.

"the gold of that land"and treasured the garden's And so God "drove out the man"and his wife from "bdelium and the onyx stone."Their hunger had been the garden. From Eden they went to a land of "thorns

sated from the trees that they had been told "thou and thistles."To Eve he said, "In sorrow thou shalt

mayest freely eat."bring forth children."To Adam: "By the sweat of thy

In the garden they had been in the "presence of the face shalt thou eat bread.""Cursed shall be the ground

Lord."Death was unknown. Idyllic content was their for thy sake."

environment. But life was not complete for Adam and After a time, Adam and his wife "called upon the

Eve. They did not have a full "knowledge of good and name of the Lord"and they heard his voice commandevil."Nor could they "multiply and replenish the ing them to "offer the firstlings of their flocks for an

earth."offering."Adam and his wife did as they were comThus it was that on a certain day Satan went temptmanded. "And after many days an angel of the Lord

*QuotedD&C 27:11;wordsAbr.are 3:2526.from the following texts: Moses 3, 4, 5; 2 Ne. 2:2526;

Ki>? ppS

appeared unto Adam"to teach him the gospel plan. obedient."And Adam became "the father of all, the

"And in that day the Holy Ghost fell upon Adam,"prince of all, the ancient of days."The crowning event

Then it was that Adam and Eve came to understand of creation was complete. Children of our Father

Eden. They learned that "men are, that they might were experiencing their "second estate."Into it they

have joy"—and to that truth all else is an appendage. had been and are being sent, "to see if they will do all

It became clear that—through them—spiritual and things whatsoever the Lord their God shall command

mortal death had been introduced to the world (so them."

that life and "men might be"). In wondrous joy they This basic appreciation of Adam and Eve's mission

learned that after them would come one who would to introduce man to earth is not known worldwide. It

both conquer mortal death and give himself as came to us through the Prophet Joseph Smith. To

ransom for sin (so that spiritual death need be no more, many persons the names Adam and Eve are names of eventually). Adam and his wife understood these embarrassment. To the Latterday Saint they are

simple yet deep and pervading truths of the atonenames held in praise. To many persons the conditions

ment, which is the gospel. Thus, they "blessed God."of earth life are viewed as an insult. To the Latterday

And Eve said, "Were it not for our transgression we Saint, earth life is an irreplaceable and ennobling never should have had seed, and never should have experience. The painting After Eden will be used in

known good and evil, and the joy of redemption, and Church visitors centers to help teach these truths. It is

the eternal life which God giveth unto all the by Dale Fletcher of the Brigham Young University. O

Era, August 1970 9 SevenDanger Signals ofa SickMarriage By Lindsay R. Curtis, M.D.

only then, did Elder this Then, and President time By my office. of years many During E. unsteadily and McKay, E., as called him, Thomas as many a Thomas both counseling

physician and as a was failing in health, but not in with great effort, holding onto the bishop, I have noted certain danger spirit. Only with considerable difcar with one hand and to his cane

signals of a sick marriage repeatedly ficulty could he make his way with the other, shuffle around to waving their warning flags like a about, and then a cane on one side the opposite side of the car and flashing yellow light on a highway. and Sister McKay on the other were inch his way onto the seat beside

Those wise enough to recognize required to steady him. her.

these signs of danger either slow I watched as he slowly descended Simple things: opening a car

down in the path they are taking the front steps of our clinic and door, helping a woman with her or they turn and take a safer course reached his car, which was parked coat, allowing her to go first, savthat will lead them away from. the directly in front of the office building her steps, allowing and helping

tragedy of misunderstanding and ing. Only reluctantly did he accept her to be seated first—all little

divorce. the help of Sister McKay, and he things. Or are they? Do they speak

Important to realize is the fact refused any assistance from the rest louder than words of a love and that none of these danger signs is of us. consideration, a tenderness that few

irreversible. But if they are not Since Elder McKay was unof us can express?

heeded, if they are allowed to go able to drive at this time because Thank you so much. If you

untreated and uncorrected, these of his health, I looked for Sister please. Excuse me. Allow me. I

signs can be lethal to a marriage. McKay to aid him around to the love you. How important are these

See if any of them apply to your passenger side of the car. But few words spoken at the right time.

marriage. chivalry typical of the McKay famAt the entrance to a dirt road

ily was not to be sacrificed even for leading off the highway to a very

Abandonment of Common infirmity. At his insistence, the two small town, a sign says: "Choose

Courtesies of them made their way around to your ruts carefully. You will be in

Elder Thomas E. McKay was my the driver's side of the car, where them for the next nine miles."

mission president in Switzerland he gallantly opened the door for Choose your habits wisely—you may

many years ago. Some years later Sister McKay and closed it after be in them for the rest of your life!

he and his lovely wife visited me at she had entered. Obviously one of the ruts ( if you

may call them that) in which the

McKay family started their children was that of courtesy and chivalry, one in which they stayed their entire life.

Thinking in Terms of "I,"Instead of "We"It was about six o'clock in the evening as Wayne made his way through the front door, just in time

to hear a minor altercation between two tired young sons. Joan was

busy with dinner, which she had timed to coincide with Wayne's arrival home from a frustrating day at the office.

Nor did it help when fouryear- old Bruce spilled his milk all over the tablecloth, or Terri wouldn't eat what she had put on her plate.

But dinner was finally finished.

The "I"in Wayne reminded him of the basketball game that was coming on television right after dinner and also that he had been invited to pinchhit on a bowling league team.

The "we"in Wayne nudged him and pointed out that the children had to be bathed and put to bed go out that evening for a change Stubborn Silence and called his attention to the fact of scenery. Jeannie, an attractive 29year-old

that Joan may have had an even Give your spouse the opportunity mother of three children, was tougher day than he had. She was to say: "No, thank you. I don't complaining that her husband

believe I'll make it today. Why didn't have anything to say to her

don't you go with your friends this when he came home from work time?"each night.

Little sacrifices for each other "Exactly what kind of work does along the way do not hurt a maryour husband do, Jeannie?"

riage any, particularly if they are "He works in an office. Someunsolicited and unexpected. Early thing to do with buying, I think."

in the married life of my parents, "What specifically does he do?

when they had only $10 per week How much responsibility does he income and were struggling to pay have? Is he happy with the opportheir tithing, rent, and food and tunities in his job? Are you proud

save a little for the new member of of him and what he is doing?"

the family they were expecting, "Golly, I don't know that much they felt rich because they had about his job."

each other. "Jeannie, have you ever really

probably more tired than he was My mother told of the many asked him? Do you really care

and would appreciate a little help times my father walked home from about how he is doing? Have you

with the dishes and with bathing work ( four to five miles ) in order been interested when he has started the children and getting them to to save the nickel carfare and to to tell you about it, or have you bed. buy her an orange. He was more been too engrossed in the problems

Wayne also saw in the back of than compensated for this sacriof the children or your own inhis mind the grateful expression on fice in the joy and appreciation terests?"

Joan's face if he suggested that they shown by her for this small gift. There was a long, pensive pause

before Jeannie admitted that her

Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis, bishop of the Weber State College Second Ward in disinterest could be the reason for

Ogden, Utah, is a practicing gynecologist and a syndicated newspaper his silence. The best beginning to

columnist who writes on medical questions. a good conversation is sincere interest. People are not interested in

Era, August 1970 1 talking unless they find interested "He passes my desk each day that her wouldbe admirer gives listeners. and comments on my work, or my her and the very thing that you

Start a conversation with a short, hair or clothes. He has a way of have overlooked. Perhaps you do

sincere question; then be prepared making me feel like somebody. My pay attention to her, but as far as

to listen intently. You may be surimage of myself has improved 100 she is concerned you don't even

prised how much your husband ( or percent since he has been around."know she exists. Why? Because

wife) has to say to you, if you are Further questioning revealed that really interested in hearing it. Celia has been happy with her

And husbands who complain that husband. "I do love him, but he

they can't afford what their wife never compliments me. He doesn't

needs have obviously overlooked build me up. Occasionally he finds

conversation. Talk is cheap, but it fault with me."

can also be worth more than any- "When he does find fault with thing money can buy to a wife who you, do you deserve it?"I asked.

feels neglected. Silence may be "Well, yes, usually. But it's just

golden in some situations, but it that he doesn't say much when I do is loaded with misunderstanding things right. He doesn't notice the

when communication is called for. way I arrange my hair, or how I

There are times when all else but look, or if I have a new perfume.

words may fail. I guess I'm just a person who has

to be told about these things."you don't tell her. A woman simply

Failure to Compliment Later on I had an opportunity to doesn't feel that the compliments

Celia is a meticulous, efficient, talk to Celia's husband, for Jackyou paid her before you were marsmartly dressed woman. With her was worried about Celia's interest ried are sufficient to last throughout

children now away at college, she in her admirer at work. your entire married life without

works as a secretarv. "Celia knows I appreciate her being reinforced and repeated over

and over."Jack has now started a campaign to build his wife to the heights.

What he says is not flattery—it is all

true—but before he had just taken

it all for granted.

Celia's morale is soaring and so is her husband's rating with her.

There's hope once more for this marriage.

Too many marriages are lost by default. There is simply no one in

there playing the game. Of every

husband and wife it is required that they compliment each other not seven times, but seventy times seven—every month!

Failure to Pray Together If looks had been daggers, Nellie and Lew would have been covered

What kind of problem does Celia and all she does. After all, I buy with blood. "It's all over,"Nellie

have? her what she needs. Our home said, "but Lew insisted that we

"I feel an attraction for a man doesn't lack a thing. She has her come to see you anyway. There

at work."own. car. What more could a really isn't much use in trying to

"How did you meet him?"I woman want?"Jack said, patch things up."

asked. "Celia wants exactly the thing "Somehow I have a picture in the

back of my mind,"I said, "that doesn't fit into this separation at all. I seem to remember a very

vibrant bride who was so divinely in love that she could see no one else but him in the entire horizon.

And I remember a young man who couldn't take his eyes off his lovely bride as he said, 1 do.'You do admit that you were happy at that

time, weren't you?"

"Yes,"said Nellie, "but that's all over now. We don't even speak

civilly to each other now."

"All right,"I continued, "you \ were happy at that time. And I the closeness that you had when He remains silent until he is called

happen to know that when you you were first married, would you upon, yet he is ever ready and willcame from the temple ceremony take it?"ing to help. Make him an active

you were both very spiritual about Nellie perked up. "That's a loaded partner to your marriage."

your entire future. May I also asquestion, doctor, with many ifs, but

sume that you took to heart the adthe obvious answer is yes. HowFailure to Sense and Meet the

vice given you and you prayed toever, I'm afraid it's too late, espeNeeds (Not Demands) of Each gether?"cially after all we have said to each Other

"Yes, we did,"Nellie said, "but other."Giantsize tears flowed down her

that was so long ago.""Nellie and Lew, have you ever pretty cheeks. "I don't mind the

"I assume that you frequently done anything at all in life that you fact that we can't afford a better prayed together with your arms wish you hadn't? You don't even home, or even some of the things

around each other and asked the have to answer that, because all of everyone else takes for granted. I

Lord's help when you had probus have. Would you like to have have never complained about what

lems?"the Lord wipe the slate completely we don't have, and I'll work from

Now it was Lew's turn to speak. clean of these things, 'and rememdawn to dusk to please my hus-

"Yes, doctor, we did just that, and ber them no more'?"band. But there is one thing I

1 to have, and that iswe did it often. And I think I know "You know we would, doctor,"simply have

what you are driving at. What Lew said. selfrespect. Maybe it would be

you're going to ask next is, Why "Well, then, if you would, and better to call it confidence, but at didn't we ask the Lord to help us if you expect the Lord to be charileast I have lost all of it."

solve our differences so that we table about things you may have After only three years of mardidn't end up in this situation we done, is it asking too much that you riage, 24year-old Ruth was ready find ourselves in now? Am I forgive and forget things you have to quit. "I have to have some assurright?"done to each other? Would it be ance that I am a good wife, a fair

"In a way. What I want to know too much for you to kneel with me mother, at least a partial success

is, when and why did you stop while we pray and ask the Lord to in life. I wish Don would just tell

praying together?"forgive us of our sins and give us me so once in a while."

"It's a long story, and I must the capacity to forgive each other? Gerald, on the other hand, came

admit that we stopped praying to- "And while we are about it, why to my office to talk about Vickie, gether before we really had any don't we ask him to give you anhis wife. "Doctor,"Gerry said,

serious trouble. As the priesthood other chance to honor the covenants "I'm no ogre, and I certainly do not.

bearer of the family, I must admit and vows of marriage, and promise expect my wife to think only of me, that I was negligent and slipped up him that if he will, you will always but I come from an affectionate on a lot of things."seek him together in prayer? family, and this is part of the bond

"Give me an honest answer, both "And one final word—remember that holds a man and woman toof you. If you could enjoy the that the Lord is the finest partner gether. And Vickie just pushes me

happiness, the love, the confidence, you will ever have in your marriage. away. I love her more dearly than

Era, August 1970 13 anything else on this earth, but "When I married her."And he A "Queen"for:

what should I do?"probably has never told her since. Best acting: For acting pleased

Bernard, aged 32, had this to say: Almost anything can become trite when she should have been dis-

"I have always gone hunting with and travelworn, except the phrase appointed. All she received for

my dad and brothers. It is usually "I love you."Women (and men) Valentine's Day was a kiss instead

for just a couple of days, and it love to hear it over and over again. of a present, because I forgot the

builds the family bond of love. I They love to be assured and reoccasion.

try to plan the rest of my time with Best writer: To our children who

my wife and family, but she makes are away, whether at school, on things so tough about this trip that missions, or in the service.

even when I go, it is spoiled for Best director: For directing trafme."fic successfully through the busiest

Teresa is an attractive blond of intersection in the world—our home.

27. "Doctor, is it unreasonable for Best producer: For producing the

a woman to have her hair done most results in our children with once a week? We are not in debt, less than optimum help from a busy

except for buying our home. I save father, and with the least fuss.

money at every turn. Doug has his Best dress designer: For designboat, guns, and fishing equipment. ing and making the dress for song-

I look forward once a week to havfest, graduation, or formal dance, ing my hair done. Am I unreaand a special dress for going to

sonable? He is insisting that I give see her missionary off.

it up. It is almost threatening our Best supporting actress: For supmarriage."porting me wholeheartedly and unSounds silly, doesn't it? Yet this complainingly in my church and

trivial thing becomes monumental professional assignments.

when other small grievances attach One of the great misconceptions themselves like barnacles to a ship of our day is the idea that a man that is floundering. and woman get married and live

Albert Einstein's wife was asked happily ever after. True, they are

if she understood Einstein's Theory assured of the fact. attracted to each other by what is

of Relativity. She answered, "No. The strong, silent type, in this the beginning of love. They then

But I think I understand Albert case, will lose out to the less athget married and set about to build

Einstein."letic, less handsome but vocal type a life of love together. But true,

Whether the need be for affecevery time, if he can't repeat those lasting, meaningful love does not tion, appreciation, confidence, atthree words often. come as something we fall into.

tention, some special dish for "I know he loves me, but why Love is something built upon a dinner, or a weekly hairdo, a good doesn't he tell me?"And, we solid foundation of covenants and

spouse recognizes the special needs, should add, tell it over and over promises at the marriage ceremony.

of his partner and seeks to fill these. and over again. But then the building of the strucMan truly does not live by bread The best investment a man can ture must be continued, brick by

alone, but in many cases he lives ever make is in a dime to phone his brick, with every act of love, tenon the fulfillment of his special wife during the day just to tell her derness, unselfishness, and conneeds by an alert and appreciative how much he loves her. Just try sideration throughout our entire

spouse. it and see. See what her response life together. Let's recognize the

is when you let her know that you signs and symptoms of a sick

Failure to Express Love have been thinking of her and that marriage in time to cure them and

One man whose wife was seeking you would rather be in her comrestore our relationship to its a divorce was asked by the judge pany than with anyone else. healthiest state.

why he had never told his wife that We men should join together to Finally, men ( and the same could he loved her. He replied that he award "Queen Awards"to our apply to women ), if you want your

had told her. wives. See if you think that these wife to treat you like a king, try

"When?"asked the judge. nominations fit your wife. treating her like a queen! O

14 Era, August 1970 A quiet

little place to hang

HERITAGE HILLS

Here is a land unspoiled, glens, bubbling brooks, tranquil, serene; a land picturesque scenery, includfresh with natural wonder ing the peaceful solitude

and nostalgic charm. so well expressed at this

Nestled deep in the heart beautiful mountain retreat of the Wasatch Mountain... that quiet little place

Range, Heritage Hills to hang your hat. Write

surrounds most of Round today for full information.

Valley near the pioneer HERITAGE HILLS community of Wallsburg. Recreational Estates

Only a few moments drive Post Office Box 603 from Provo and Salt Lake Provo, Utah 84601

City, it offers lush green Phone (801) 3736650 itatated by Ed Maryon

"Shall theChildrenofthe The car ahead slowed slightly. saw the car with the license numThen something came hurtling ber I had written down. A man was

from the window and landed on the mowing the lawn near the garage.

driveway I was about to enter. The "Hello,"I called. "Do you have a

object: a milk shake container sandyhaired boy about 17 or 18

with soggy napkins and plastic who was driving that car over there eating utensils in it. awhile ago?"

Somehow in that instant the act "Yes, I believe so. What's the

seemed a rather serious offense. problem?"the man asked.

Whoever had discarded the con- "He might be the one who tainer was abusing my property, threw this on my driveway."I held

as well as demonstrating irresponout the container. "Can I talk to

sibility. him?"

Quickly I followed the car and "I'll get him. He's in the house.

honked at it. The driver appeared But he is in a hurry to get to

bewildered, then pulled over. work."

"You put something on my The boy came outside, followed driveway that doesn't belong by his mother, who looked deeply there,"I told him. "I would appreconcerned. When he saw me, his

ciate it if you would go back and jaw dropped a little.

pick up that milk shake container.""You threw this on my driveHe began to turn around, but way,"I told him, "but the worst

then quickly sped away. part was that I asked you nicely if

It was an easy matter for me you would come back and pick it to call and check his license numup, and you drove away. Why?"

ber with the state division of motor "Well... uh... I didn't have

vehicle registration. I explained room to get off the road there. I

that it was a matter of littering. was going to drive around the

The man on the other end of the block and come back."

line returned minutes later with a "I waited. Why didn't you drive

name and address. "And good around the block and come back?"

luck,"he added. "I saw what time it was,"he

Since the address of the ofsaid. "I had to hurry home and

fender was not far away, I drove get ready to go to work."

to his house. As I approached, I At that point his father broke in.

y

fCK..

r

ByHartt WixomKingdom PolluteMyHolyLand?|'

"Son, you've been putting the looked at me intently. Then the help him the rest of his life, it was

wrong things first around here for father extended his hand and comworth all of my effort. It wasn't a

several months. Your mother has mented, as we said goodbye, "I piece of paper that was at stake.

been trying to get you to pick up want to thank you for doing this. It was the quality of a boy's life.

your things and do your chores. It's been a good thing. I'm glad If not stopped now, the young man

Instead you've left everything for someone cared enough to follow could become so calloused to his her to do. You're beginning to up and help our son learn good sense of responsibility that he

think only of yourself lately. citizenship. It's the little things might come to believe that there

"This may seem like a small that get people started on bad is nothing wrong with being part thing. But what would the city habits. Believe me, we'll try to set of the problem instead of the solulike if we all the right kind of example."tion. He could have shrugged and or the world—be

threw our trash wherever we Thousands of milk shake consaid, "Let someone else take care wanted? Son, I thought you had tainers, gum wrappers, bottles, of it."But that thinking is totally

learned some responsibility, but I and other kinds of trash are thrown foreign to the principles of The can see you have some more growonto lawns, streets, parks, and Church of Jesus Christ of Lattering up to do. You apparently think other public places every day. And day Saints. And it always has

you can mess things up and somewith each littering of a site comes been.

one else will clean up after you. I a littering and erosion of life. Each Somehow it is difficult to picguess you still have some lessons person who makes the world uglier ture Jesus throwing litter on the

to learn, haven't you?"makes his own life uglier as well. streets of Jerusalem or Bethlehem.

The boy looked down, embarIt would have been easy for the Perhaps there is some significance rassed and surprised that so much young man to pick up the milk in the fact that he had his disciples was being made over such an shake container and drop it in a pick up the bread and fishes left insignificant offense. nearby garbage can. Certainly it over when the multitude had filled

"Is there anything we can do would have been easier than my themselves on the mountaintop.

now?"his mother asked as I making a telephone call, looking What might a Church member

walked toward my car. up the location of the street, then think if, on an outing, the elders

"You've already taken care of driving to his home. Some parents quorum president or bishop's counit,"I answered. "We've got to might have shrugged off the entire selor were to leave his litter on the

start somewhere if we are going thing as a trifle. But when those shore of an alpine lake? What

to clean up the pollution that deparents used that opportunity to might the Scouts or Explorers grades our environment. I would teach their son habits that could think? What about the nonmember

appreciate it if your son would do Hartt Wixom, general secretary of Aaronic PriesthoodYouth in the Holladay his part too."(Utah) Tenth Ward, is environmental editor of the Deseret News and has

received national and state awards for his work in conservation.

Both the mother and father

Era, August 1970 17 adult who came along to superfrom our own contamination of the of your activities in civic improvevise? world? Scientists indicate that ment?

Although the phrase "Cleanlimany rivers, lakes, streams, and As members of the Church, each ness is next to Godliness"has public lands already have been polof us has an obligation to do been repeated often enough to luted to such an extent that ani- "good to all men,"to seek after become trite, the Church has almal and human life is being those things that make life "loveways been dedicated to it. We affected. Even the air we breath ly, or of good report, or praiseshould apply this principle to the could poison our lungs, and, in worthy."(Article of Faith 13.)

environment around us. Few other fact, in some large cities, such has Certainly we have learned long

issues in our time cry out with already happened. People who live ago that "it is not meet that I

such vigor and such clarity. in those cities tend to have poorer should command in all things; for

People throughout the world physical and mental health, ache that is compelled in all things, are becoming more and more cording to some studies. the same is a slothful and not a

aware of what man has done to The issue is clear: Either we wise servant; wherefore he rehis environment. These discoverclean up the world, our nation, our ceiveth no reward.

ies build concern, and concern in cities, and our own homes and "Verily I say, men should be turn motivates action. The battle yards, or we may bring upon ouranxiously engaged in a good cause,

on pollution is beginning to spread. selves a desolating sickness that and do many things of their own

Experts estimate that in some ways already has killed and injured free will.... For the power is in

it may already be too late to renumerous forms of plant, marine, them, wherein they are agents unto verse the trend established by and animal life in various parts of themselves. And inasmuch as men

spoilage of the environment by the world. Literature on the subdo good they shall in no wise lose

automobile exhaust fumes, oil ject is readily available. You need their reward."(D&C 58:2628.)

Ileakage, pesticides, fertilizers, garonly turn to your local news media Ask yourself now—what can

bage, raw sewage, belching smokeor library to learn of the problems do to help? Chances are that there

stacks, industrial waste, and and how you can help. are other good people waiting to

other pollutants. Latterday Saints In speaking of the scourges and work with you on a project for

should do their part in this worldjudgments that might come upon improving your own street, neighwide effort. Opportunities for serthe world, the Lord said, "For shall borhood, or city. And if we take

vice are everywhere. the children of the kingdom pollute care of our own individual reThe Lord has warned that a my holy land? Verily, I say unto sponsibilities—no matter how

time would come when a "desolatyou, Nay."(D&C 84:59.) Are you small—then our neighborhoods

ing sickness shall cover the land."doing your part to avoid pollution? and communities, the nation and

(D&C 45:31.) Who is to say that in Do members of your community the world will somehow take care

part this sickness could not come think well of the Church because of themselves. o

When I Look Back The seasons lean on my sweated shoulder;

By Gilean Douglas before there is green through the heavy clay the year is old and I am older,

When I look back on the fields I've sown, and now is already yesterday.

the weedy prose and the spindling rhyme,

I know again what I've always known: I visioned acres of golden earing

So much to do and so little time. and ripened fruits of a fertile loam,

but it is fall in my thistled clearing, and I have nothing for harvest home.

18 Era, August 1970 NEW and RENEWED PUBLICATIONS from Deseret Book

1. THE CHURCH ENCOUNTERS ASIA $4.95

by Dr. Spencer J. Palmer

This title is both revealing and deceiving. It is revealing in stating

that teaching the gospel in Asia has indeed been an encounter, ever since 1852 when the first LDS missionaries were sent to Hong Kong.

The title is deceiving because it gives no hint of the fascinating story that unfolds about the people of China, Japan, Korea, The Philippines,

Thailand, Vietnam, India, Singapore and Indonesia. Many people may

think this book is just for past visitors to the orient. Not so. Here is fascinating, faith building reading of the people, their customs, and even a

bit of geography that reads a bit like a travelogue.

The book is by an authority, a director of Asian studies at B.Y.U. and

Don't miss this book! past president of the Korean mission.

WORLD CHRONOLOGY

aeccHwr-MQut ohot \ *\y

2. THE MEANING OF TRUTH $5.25 5. HISTORY OF THE CHURCH - INDEX $5.50

by Alvin R. Dyer by E. Keith Howick

In a day when people are questioning "what is the Now, for the first time, here is a comprehensive index truth", here is a book that stops the wouldbe confusionto this popular set of Church History. The author

makers in their efforts to destroy truth. It is composed has created a thorough list of references which will make

in three sections, each based on a particular scripture. it easy to find the information contained in all seven

Section one—The Day of The Gentiles deals primarily volumes. This index is bound in the same size and color

with the foreordained plan of salvation which effects the as the original volumes.

ethnic descendants of Japheth, son of Noah.

Section two—The Meaning of Truth—is vital to our

understanding and acceptance of God's plan.

Section three—The Kindom of Evil—deals with Satan's

attempt, "even now through his established kingdom of evil, to thwart the plan of God."An excellent gift for

young people who are confused with the pros and cons they face today.

3. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS* (PAPERBOUND) Salt Lake - Cottonwood Mall

All five volumes have paperback bindings for use in the Valley Fair Mall '7071 Relief Society's cultural refinement lessons. Orange, California

Save $1.25 by ordering all five volumes at $10.50 handling and postage for the first book ordered and

* The paperback editions are the same size as the earlier 15c for each additional book ordered in the same shiphardbound copies. ment. Also include 4Vi% sales tax from Utah residents

ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from Cali- 4. WORLD CHRONOLOGY CHARTS $2.00 fornia residents ordering from Orange. Paid by:

by Owen L. Leavitt and Joseph L. Davis check, D money order, or charge established

account.

Every Sunday School teacher and student of religion will find these two charts most helpful in relating the time Name of major theological periods to each other. Students can Address

clearly see the relationship of the times, people and City events to each other. Postage this item only 20c. State Zip

Aug. 1970 Era

i t

t "*'*

J

Photo by Ralph Clark Posed by Cecilia Olsen

By Florence Doyle Putt The Mai Ibox

I used to watch her trudging down the lane, head have it. She wanted that anticipatory stroll herself.

tied up babushka style, heavy shawl and boots, for Every two weeks Mrs. Vinton took her grocery

the path was apt to be soggy with mud. Grandma shopping, but even that was getting to be arf ordeal.

Meggs took that walk every day of the year except Everything and everybody moved so fast, and GrandSundays and holidays, and sometimes she forgot and ma didn't like to hurry. Mrs. Vinton would say to

came even then. Like the mailman himself, neither her teenage daughter, "Now you help Grandma with

snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor gloom of night"could her shopping, while I do my other errands."The girl

stay her from her appointed course. would dash from counter to counter and when the

Even when the lane was deep in snow, she plodded list was filled would say, "That's all. Time to check

through. I called her over one cold winter day to visit out, Grandma."Grandma wasn't ready to check out;

awhile and warm up before walking back. I was her she wanted to look around and see things. But

nearest neighbor, but that wasn't very close, for I she'd come, reluctantly leaving the store and returnlived across from her mailbox. Her tiny cottage was ing home.

down at the end of that long lane. In the summer she'd come down the lane wearing

A friend used to say, "Grandma must have a 'case'her sunbonnet, stopping to pick a wild strawberry on that mailman."But it wasn't funny. It wrenched or sniff a wild pink rose. Her step was perky, but

my heart to see her, for so often the box was empty. sometimes when the mailman did not even stopShe lived alone, and her children were scattered to the would just wave his hand and call, "Nothing today,

four winds. She told me, "They're good children, but Grandma"—I could see her sort of wilt. She'd begin

they have their own lives to live and they're so busy."her slow trek home, showing every one of her 83

She didn't see them all in a year's time. years, and then she would report to Mickie the cat.

She had a telephone because the children insisted "Nothin today, Mick. Guess Lora'd be canning and

on it and paid the bill, but she was rather hard of getting the twins ready for school, and Jack's probably hearing and seldom used it—and never for visiting, traveling, flying all round the country on his law

the way her neighbors did. Newcomers to the combusiness—no time to write letters. Wish I knew where

munity scarcely knew her house was there, and Myra was—that paper she works for sends her all over

oldsters like herself rarely went visiting. The bishop

called occasionally, but Grandma didn't go to church Florence Doyle Putt, retired elementary school teacher anymore, since she couldn't hear and wouldn't bother from Columbia Station, Ohio, is a freelance writer and newspaper correspondent observation from "knows whothe neighbors to take her.

experience to and parents what letters whose mean

I told her once that my daughter would bring her children have scattered."

the mail and save that long walk. But she wouldn't

Era, August 1970 21

creation. 'Course, with writing all the time and getting all over the county and decided to make

paid for it, she don't have no mind to write to me. arrangements for you to enter the Chimney

Sure would like to know how little Sue is. They were Corner Rest Home in Camden. They will take

worried about her eyes last year—wonder if she had you for your pension, and we will pay the

that operation. Jean must be about ready to graduate. balance. Jack and Millie will be out SunShe'll be having boyfriends, and it won't be long till day to help you move. Don't take anything

she marries. Better finish that patchwork quilt so I'll but your clothes. The home provides everyhave a wedding present handy."thing. Just leave everything in the house,

Then it was autumn, and the milkweed and goldenand Lora and I will go out someday and take rod and joe pie purple painted the lane. Sticktight care of things. Mrs. Vinton will probably

and teasel pulled at her long skirts as she passed—take your cat.

there wasn't enough traffic in her lane to keep the You will have good meals on time and have weeds down. The sumac was a glory, and the woods lots of friends your own age to talk to. We

were aflame on either side. But the mailbox was can come and see you once in a while, just

still empty. Oh, once a month there was the electric as we did at home, and you won't even have

bill, sometimes a catalogue or advertising folder, but extra beds to fix or dishes to wash. We

Grandma's purchasing power was limited, and her will all feel better to know you are in name was not on many lists. good hands and think you will be happier.

She'd go back and confide in Mickie, "Nothing

Love, worth going after. I do wish one of the children

Myra (writing for Lora, Dick, would write me."She sent wavering scrawls to each

Jack, and Millie tooof them so they'd know she was all right, and she never forgot a birthday nor an anniversary. She Winter chill was in the air when the letter was

couldn't afford presents on her pension unless it was sent. Weeds had become blackened with frost. The

some trifle she had made, but she'd always send a milkweed pods had exploded in a white fluff. In the

letter in remembrance. morning there would be ice on the water in the ditch,

Her children didn't like to have her live there and it wouldn't melt until the sun got higher.

alone. Lora invited her to come to Stillwater—"But It was on such a morning that the letter came. The

what would I be doing in that passel o'kids?"asked postman had gone on, so she was alone when she

Grandma. Myra said she could stay with her in her found it. She'd wait to read it till she got back to the

city apartment, "But I have to travel so much she'd haven of her rocking chair and spectacles, savoring still be alone."Dick said he'd pay somebody to stay its anticipation a little longer. She couldn't help

with her—his wife was a busy society girl—but Grandhurrying a little, though. Her face glowed with

ma would not fit into their way of life at all. Jack happiness. Someone had at last remembered. She

and his wife were willing to take her, but Jack's wife hurried, which is probably why she slipped. The first

was a working woman, and their house had no extra step of the stoop was still in shadow—the sun had not

bedroom. yet melted the thin film of ice—and Grandma Meggs

So they had a round robin discussion of it via mail went down hard, striking her head on the stone and telephone, and a rest home seemed to be the beside the step answer. That was the intelligent, modern approach to No smoke was coming out of her chimney that

the problem. Mother would have the best care, and morning, and it was cold. I tried to telephone her,

they were all willing to help pay. She would be surbut there was no answer, so I decided to go check on

rounded by friends of her own age and with her her in person. Thus I was the one who found her,

interests, and they wouldn't have to worry anymore. just as she had fallen, with Mickie cuddled up close

How to tell her? They knew she loved her home and meowing pitifully. I phoned the hospital, phoned

and was painfully independent. Myra, the writer, had the children, rode beside her in the ambulance, and

better draft the letter and they'd all sign it: stayed with her until the end. I was the one who had

to report to the children when they came. Grandma

Dear Mother, We children all feel that it regained consciousness a few minutes before she died is not safe for you to live alone, espeand left them a message.

cially with winter coming on. Neighbors "Tell them,"she said, "I was so happy to get the

are not close, and we might not even know letter."It was still clutched unopened in her still

if you were sick. So we have investigated hand. O

22 Era, August 1970.

Yttir Daughter NeedsNew and Exciting! I

Laura 'X;! $rwty T %

"'nmnmlfjgjf

j?j

wmw.ia*!

Beauty /s.

A Woman's Fulfillment A Girl's Guide to Charm.

by Bonnie Marshall $3.25by Laura Snyder $2.95

A beautifully written guidebook to the social graces.

If you're lucky enough to be a woman, make the most Sure to be a treasured and muchused addition to the of it. Here's a sparkling account of the woman's oplibrary of any girl. Mrs. Bonnie Marshall's wide experiportunity as wife, mother, and homemaker. Shows ence on the national scene as a model, cosmetologist,

how to bring zest and new enjoyment to familiar lecturer and teacher in famous finishing schools, activities by the creative approach. Gives charm makes her well qualified to advise young ladies. Covers

school secrets on beauty and femininity. A fresh look grooming, makeup, manners, dating, figure control,

at woman's greatest role. and much more.

The Wordand

the Witness w&m by Reid E. Bankhead $3.50

& Glenn L Pearson

Missionary oriented portrayal of the

Book of Mormon as modern scripture which gives solutions to twentiethcentury problems for all peoples and for each individual. A thrilling and

timely reminder of the principle purpose of the Book of Mormon—to bring

people to Christ. Ideal for classroom.

n I Please send the following book(s): for which I enclose check or money \

order in the amount of $ 8-70 (Residents of Utah add 4%% sales 3 4 tax.)12 Name

Address

City...

State..Zip. y /

"Are the Petersons coming over substantial dish, but casseroles—

to have dinner and family home they're for ladies'luncheons and evening with us tomorrow night?"things like that."

John Clark asked, as he settled into "But, honey,"protested Ellen, a comfortable corner of the sofa "you like ham and asparagus casand picked up the evening paper. serole. You said you liked it."

"Yes,"replied his wife, Ellen, "Yes, I like it,"John admitted "they will come at six o'clock. I drily, "about once a year."

think I have my plans all made for Ellen was becoming visibly dinner. We'll have ham and asparupset. "Oh, now I don't know what

agus casserole."to do!"she exclaimed, as she reJohn lowered the paper and treated to the kitchen.

raised his eyebrows. "Ham and What is going on in the Clarkasparagus casserole? I thought we household? John and Ellen are

had talked about roast beef."trying to make a family decision.

Ellen smiled back at him. "Yes, They are each seeking to satisfy

is so expening much progress in reaching an Part 1: Daily week,we did,andbutroasthambeefis on sale this certain objectives but are not maksive. I have to be careful of our agreement. How will they resolve

sat silently for several minFamily decision making is anRoutine Decisions foodJohnbudget."the problem?

utes. Then he cautiously said, important part of family living. It

By Dr. Melvin J. Stanford "Well, you know, roast beef is a is also a potential source of family

Dr. Melvin J. Stanford, Sunday School chorister and financial clerk of the

Oak Hills Second Ward in Provo, Utah, is director of management development programs at Brigham Young University.

discord and bitterness if it is not natives that may be considered. of the time these instinctive dedone wisely. Love and unselfishSecond, what are the alternatives? cisions may work out well, but if

ness are essential to family harWhat specific, separate courses our assumptions are inaccurate, mony, but they are not always of action will accomplish our goals there can be trouble. In the Clark

sufficient to resolve genuine difor objectives? A skillful manager household, Ellen had assumed that

ferences of opinion. Patience and would hardly think of making a John liked hamand-asparagus casskill are also very necessary. decision without considering, or at serole, so in her own mind she made

Are there skills that can be least searching for, two or more a decision to serve it. Her assumplearned to help make family dealternatives. Yet, in our family tion was probably influenced by

cision making easier? Managers in activities, how often do we regard the facts that she herself liked that

all kinds of organizations have something important in terms of particular dish and it would be learned to improve their decision "Shall we do this or not?"rather easier on the food budget. She

making by developing certain techthan "Could we do this better hadn't expected the reaction she niques. No one method will work another way?"got from John, and it upset her.

for everyone nor for every situaThese two basic guidelines are Let us see how John and Ellen tion. However, some of the guideuseful over a wide range of deciresolved the matter.

lines that are useful to managers sions, from little daily routine deJohn laid down his paper and can also be useful to families in cisions to the more significant kinds arose and followed his wife into the making harmonious decisions. Two that are longrange. Family living kitchen. He put his arm around

important guidelines that may be involves both kinds, but it is the her shoulder and said, "Honey, used are (1) objectives and (2) daily routine decisions that con- I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset

alternatives. front us most often and thus can you."Then, after a long pause, he

First, what are our objectives be frequent sources of potential continued, "Aren't there enough with respect to the activity about difficulty. We tend to make these foods that we both like so that we

which a decision is to be made? little decisions almost instinctively, can have a good selection without

Clearly identifying one's objectives based on our knowledge or assumpeither of us being disappointed?"

or goals gives a point of reference tions about how other family "Yes,"agreed Ellen. Then she sugfor comparison of various altermembers will be affected. Much gested, "Could we make a list of

Era, August 1970 25 dishes we both like, so I can choose from it and be sure that you will like what I choose?"

"Excellent idea!"

Isn't this just plain courtesy and common sense? Yes, in an organizedNow! way. The Clarks identified one

to objective family meals: about

liked. have dishes that both of themA $100,000 life

insurance policy for Thenof alternativesthey agreedto meetto selectthisa objecrange

cisions should now be easier forless than $20 a month! tive. The dayby-day menu deEllen because she can, without the

Beneficial Life's new Gold Leaf term series is a new idea need of consulting John or the risk in insurance. It enables a young man with a growing of disappointing him, choose from

family to beef up his coverage by $100,000 with a their mutually accepted range of comfortable monthly outlay of less than $20.00.* Think alternatives those foods that meet

about it. You can easily spend that much in one evening's her other particular goals at the

entertainment. Dinner. Show. Babysitting fees. Add it up. time, such as budget, timing, and

But economy aside, the Gold Leaf term policy offers occasion. Nor is she forever limthese other attractive features: ited to the list that she and John

drew up, because John also agreed

Convertible that he wouldn't mind if Ellen tried "Move Over"to level term at 5th through 10th policy new recipes on him occasionally, anniversary as long as it wasn't when company "Go Back"to original amount on policy's 5th was coming to dinner!

anniversary Thus the guidelines of goals and

Allin-one Family Plan option alternatives can be helpful in makDouble benefit option (accidental death) ing routine family decisions. Mutually accepted alternatives are also Disability option

important in family decision making

Mail in the coupon for detailed information on because agreement promotes harBeneficial Life's Gold Leaf series. mony. Disagreement can result in

* Monthly premium for basic 10year term policy at age 30 or under discord, but it need not. In itself,

for $100,000 of initial insurance, including policy fee. it is not necessarily bad. A certain

If you're interested in exciting new growth opportunities Is your amount of disagreement is the natin agency management, or in selling bigger and better life insurance ural result of healthy differences of than ever before, call collect: Jay B. Horrocks, CLU, Beneficial opinion that stem from the vital vicesenior president, (801) 3648401.

principle of free agency. But family

things in common that the areas Beneficial Life members normally have so many

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of potential agreement should be numerous and large enough that the areas of disagreement can be

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. respectfully avoided. An important

Dept. E 870 challenge in family decision mak57 W. South Temple ing, then, is to develop skill in

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 consciously using the guidelines of

Please send me detailed information on your Gold Leaf goals and alternatives to identify reducing term series. those alternatives which are mutually acceptable and consistent

Name with family goals. O

Address (To be continued)

City State Zip 26 Era, August 1970 *.. in UtahIdaho Women

buy more Kerr jars, UK caps and lids

1 than any other * brand!

Yes... oyer 807 of jars, caps and lids bought in this

area carry the trusted Kerr name.

There is good reason for Kerr's leadership in o/ * home canning. It's a preference that's based KERR JARS 86.4%

on performance! S9| IJvii J&*. JO*. tAiw <M. J&*-. Ji

Only Kerr gives you the sealing secret for 334332 a successful canning. Because only Kerr lids OTHER BRAND 13.6%*

have the exclusive, thick gray sealing cushion that makes possible a perfect seal every time.

Only Kerr Caps and Lids seal inside, outside ll and topside for assured protection of color, aroma and flavor of the foods you can. KERR CAPS & LIDS 83.4%*

So, why take a chance? When you put your

time and effort into canning, put your confiOTHER CAPS & LIDS 16.6%dence in Kerr Jars, Caps and Lids... the

only brand that gives you complete satisfaction. 4

*Source: World's Largest MarketingResearch Organization

1969 Survey

10 SHORT LESSONS IN CANNING & FREEZING FREE

Complete instructions and stepby-step illustrations for easy, successful canning. Send card or letter

with your name and address to:

BOOKLET, KERR GLASS MFG. CORP.

Box 97vftvvi SAND SPRINGS, OKLAHOMA 74063

Presiding Bishopric's Page

The New

Priesthood Personal Achievement Program Ernest Eberhard, Jr., coordinator of the Aaronic Priesthood department

in the Presiding Bishop's Office, examines new achievement booklets.

To increase the measure of selfapplication of priesthood princihood duties and prepare himself responsibility that young men of ples and growth in the developto receive the oath and covenant

Aaronic Priesthood age desire to ment of the young man's personof the Melchizedek Priesthood, to exercise, the Presiding Bishopric ality and character; to build in him have the desire to go on a mission,

is instituting a Priesthood Personal spiritual sensitivity and a deep and to look forward to founding

Achievement Program in Englishlove for God and for his fellowmen; his own family kingdom through

speaking areas of the Church on to assist him in understanding that temple marriage.

September 1. priesthood is the basic strength, Through applying the priesthood

The Personal Achievement Prothe primary guiding force in all to his daily life, each Aaronic gram is designed to give strong aspects of his life; and to strengthPriesthood bearer will be encouremphasis to the young man's reen his power and desire to direct aged to understand more fully

lationship to his Heavenly Father his own life through developing President John Taylor's definition and his Savior, Jesus Christ, with goalsetting skills. of priesthood:

himself as an individual particiAs a means of making the "What is priesthood? It is the

pant in building the kingdom of achievement of goals more certain, Government of God, whether on

God and helping all of God's chilthe program promotes maximum earth or in the heavens, for it is dren to attain eternal life. communication between the young by that power, agency or principle

The new program interprets the man and his parents, as well as his that all things are governed on priesthood as being the foremost bishopric, home teachers, priestearth and in the heavens, and by power in the total life of the young hood advisers, and auxiliary leadthat power all things are upheld man and as not limited to a quoers. and sustained. It governs all

rum meeting and assignment It is hoped the young man will things, it directs all things, and activity. It is designed to provide be motivated to learn of his priesthas to do with all things that God

Invest now in

BANK OF

and truth are associated with. It prerogative of the bishop to help SALT LAKE

is the power of God delegated to the young man readjust his goals.

intelligence in the heaven, and to In consultation with his bishop, the and enjoy man on earth."(Priesthood and boy will, if it seems advisable,

Church Government, 1954, p. 2.) make adjustments in his special

Instead of imposing on the goals to fit his personal situation.

young men, as has been done in Care must be taken to see that EQUITYthe past, a set of attendance reyoung men select goals that reprequirements, the program is now sent genuine achievement, somethe responsibility of each Aaronic thing beyond that which they norPriesthood bearer, who will demally would have done.velop his own achievement proThere will be seven booklets, plus

gram. one for each year between 12 and

The specifics of the program 18. Each young man will receive a

call for the young man to receive looseleaf binder that will contain a Priesthood Personal Achievement personal record forms and pouch record book several weeks before envelopes for recording vital inhis birthday. The home teacher formation and filing important ceror quorum adviser will present it tificates, records, and personal

For as little as $248.75 you can

to him. historical material. At the end of invest in one of Utah's fastest

After the Aaronic Priesthood seven years he will have a priceless growing banks. You'll enjoy a high

bearer has discussed his goals personal record of his teenage interest rate of 8V2% plus an for the coming year with his paryears, as well as his seven Priestequity in Bank of Salt Lake ents, adviser, or home teachers, hood Personal Achievement recthroughmon stock.ownership of its comas he chooses, he records his goals ords that he has used to guide This new offering, made through

in his record book. On or near his himself into young manhood. the prospectus, consists of Units

birthday he has an interview with The Duty to God Award will conof Common Stock and Capital

Notes. Each $248.75 buys one

his bishop, during which his goal tinue to be awarded to the young 8V2% Capital Note and 45 shares setting in four areas will be comman who receives four certificates of Common Stock.

pleted and signed by him and his of achievement, who has 75 perFor full details on this sound bishop. cent attendance at his meetings, investment opportunity, send toTo follow up and help impleand who has been active four years daying circular.for a free copy of the offerment the goals, each boy will have in Scouting, Exploring, and/or

a progress review at midyear by Ensign work. MEMBERA FULLSERVICEF.D.I.C.

a counselor in the bishopric The new Priesthood Personal AND MASTERCHARGE BANK (priests by the bishop), and at two Achievement Program is another other quarters during the year by step in bringing young men into 3081BANK SouthOF SALTStateLAKEStreet the quorum adviser, for a total of an individualized activity program or 260 South 13th East one interview and three progress that will not only give strength to Salt Lake City, Utah reviews each year. them in facing the problems of the ingPleaseCircularsend to:a free copy of the OfferIf a change in a boy's program world, but will also prepare them Name...

seems necessary to keep him from to become leaders in the kingdom Address failure or withdrawal, it will be the of God. o City

State

Zip Era, August 1970 29 NewDirections in zJWIA By Eleanor Knowles Editorial Associate

"We believe in being honest, This program is to be organized true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, on a stake basis, with an M Menand in doing good to all men; inGleaner stake council composed of

deed, we may say that we follow an M Man as chairman; Gleaner as

the admonition of Paul—we bevice-chairman; and one M Man and

lieve all things, we hope all things, one Gleaner from each ward. The

we have endured many things, and priesthood adviser will be a memhope to be able to endure all ber of the high council. The orgathings. If there is anything virtunization can be expanded to the reous, lovely, or of good report or gion and even beyond for special

praiseworthy, we seek after these activities and events. Provision has

things."(Article of Faith 13.) also been made for an M Man and

To thousands of stake, mission, Gleaner group of single persons and district Mutual Improvement over 26 years of age, where there

Association workers gathered in is a need for such a group, with

Salt Lake City the last weekend in structure similar to that for the

June for their annual June Conferyounger group.

ence, this 197071 MIA theme 2. Young Marrieds: To be orsymbolizes new direction as well ganized on a ward basis, with no

as recommitment in the programs specific age limit and as many for the worldwide youth organizagroups as needs and interest diction during the coming year. tate. On the stake level, the priestJune Conference 1970 saw the hood leader will be a high council

introduction of many new promember aided by a member each grams as well as refinement of of the stake YMMIA and YWMIA

Pure elegance of line, cut and design, this existing programs. For the first boards. On the ward level, priestSpecial Session Dress is beautifully traditime, stake, mission, and district hood advisers are the bishop and tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly

created for both slender and full figures. leaders only were invited. the elders quorum president or

Wear newly belted or flowing free. AdMajor interest in changes introgroup leader.

justable lace collar... hidden back zipper duced at the conference centered 3. Mutual Interests: To be com-

... slash pockets. 1 00% Nylon tricot and around adult programs. New orposed of widows, widowers, dilace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E. ganizational structures and procevorced persons, and older single

Matching Slip. 30 dures for implementation were people. This group also will be or- *6245. to 38.

S24.00 presented for three areas: ganized on a stake level, under

1. M Men and Gleaners: To be the direction of a high council adof primarily perviser, single one assisted by his wife and Your See Local 'A composed Consultant LeVoy's of age. of the years participating sons 19 through group 25 member or

Mail Check or M.O.

Postpaid In U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 30 $12.00M

appointed by the stake president dance directors; a training pro- 4,000 young singers and the Mor-

(forming a threemember stake gram for YWMIA sports officials; mon Youth Chorus and Symphony

committee). The program, flexible and a family camping program Orchestra in two performances at

in nature, is to be determined by sponsored by the YWMIA. the University of Utah Special

the needs of the groups involved, In addition to general sessions Events Center.

under designated priesthood leadin the Tabernacle on Friday, June Other conference events includership. This group can be expand26, and departmental sessions ed the annual Master M Man and

ed to a region and even multire- throughout the city on Saturday, Golden Gleaner banquet, the Imgion area. June 27, conferencegoers attendprovement Era Citation and Awards

Another new program introed a number of special cultural dinner, a Mutual Interests ball, duced at June Conference and to activities. Drama in the MIA was and "June Prom,"a dance for

be implemented in a few months spotlighted with roadshows, a youth and adults.

in the field is the Personal Achievereaders'theatre production, and a The concluding session held in ment Program for young women new play, The Rented Christmas, the Tabernacle on Sunday morn12 to 19 years of age. This proThe music festival, "Make a Joying, June 28, was under the direcgram corresponds to a similar proful Sound,"brought together tion of the First Presidency. o

gram for young men that will begin in September. (See page 28.)

In the Personal Achievement Program, each girl in the Church will receive a Personal Achieve- "The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and

SysBroadcastingment Journal each year, beginThe the Columbia ning with her twelfth birthday. She tem May 31, 1970. 1970. will set personal goals based on SpokenWord

her maturity and potential; and

each year on or near her birthday, Trust Him to run all things well she will be interviewed by her By Richard L. Evans

bishop to determine her progress toward her goals and her worthiswift passing of the seasons brings all of us at times to thinkness for receiving a Personal Theupon the length of life, as friends and loved ones come and

Achievement Award. leave, and as we ourselves face always such uncertainties. Not

The journals are planned around one of us knows how long he will live, how long his loved ones will seven themes: "Beginning,"for live. "No man can be ignorant that he must die,"said Cicero, "nor be

age 12; "Growing,"for age 13; sure that he may not this very day."1 But beyond all this—beyond all

"Discovering,"age 14; "Believfretting, worrying, and brooding about the length of life—there is eviing,"age 15; "Aspiring,"age 16; dence everywhere to quiet our hearts, to give us peace and faith for

"Achieving,"age 17; and "Fulfillthe future, and assurances that we can count on. Spring returned again

ing,"age 18. this morning. We knew it would—and it did. And just so surely as all

This program replaces the forthis, life has purpose, plan, and pattern that includes eternal continumer class achievement programs ance, with loved ones waiting. And with all sorrows, loss of loved ones,

for the Beehive, Mia Maid, and loneliness, there is this that we may know: that in a universe which

it well is that same Power who knowsLaurel girls of the MIA and incorruns so well, the Power who runs porates the goals of the individual each human heart, and quiets and softens sorrow, and gives assurances its undisclosed events. We come;award. It will be administered in we so much seek, as each day brings

they live alwayseach ward and branch under the we live; we leave. Our loved ones leave—but we and

direction of the bishop, with the and forever. Don't fret. Don't doubt. Don't cling to grieving. Don't fight

assistance of Primary officers (for life, or give up, or brood, or be bitter and rebellious, or let go of faith in girls who enter the program on the future. All of us know loneliness; all of us search ourselves, and ask

all thingstheir twelfth birthday and have not for answers. Trust Him, who has done so much so well, to do

yet graduated from Primary) and well. Trust Him to bring peace and comfort and quietness and assurance

the YWMIA officers and teachers. to your soul inside. "Once more the Heavenly Power makes all things

new."2 This you can count on.

Also introduced during sessions of the MIA Conference were a 'Cicero, De Senectut, c. 78 B.C.

dance qualification program for 2 Alfred Lord Tennyson, "Early Spring."

Era, August 1970 31

Announcing the most long awaited isoline development in history

tanksful with just six of Chevron running. of this car with the engine pipe F-310

balsharply. The exhaust emissions reduced The—FormulaAFTERF310. Dirty like this until dirty it looked exhaustBEFOREballoon began to fill with"A clear balloon was attached to the exhaust "The same car—after running on

showing how exhaust emissions from dirty engines go into the loon remains clear! No dirty smoke. F-310 turns dirty smoke into

air—and waste mileage."good clean mileage."

in Chevron gasolinesNew F-3IO turns dirty exhaust into good clean mileage.

Now, research scientists at Standard Oil Company of Caliciently. Result: wasted gasoline goes out the exhaust pipe as

fornia have developed a remarkable new gasoline additive—unburned hydrocarbons, along with increased carbon monoxide

Formula F-310*'—that sharply reduces dirty exhaust from dirty emissions. You can even see the emissions as dirty smoke. And

engines. And helps toward cleaner air. you can feel—and hear—the rough idling. It all adds up to a

Tests conducted by Scott Research Laboratories, an indepencar that is unnecessarily emitting dirty exhaust and wasting dent research group, showed that Chevron gasolines with F-310 gasoline. Just six tanksful with F-310

reduced unburned hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide emissions can correct the condition. dramatically. Clearly, this is an important step towards solving Formula F-310 is now in all Chevron Chevron

one of today's major problems. gasolines at Standard Stations and in-

F-310 also improves mileage, because dirty exhaust is really dependent Chevron Dealers. In its

wasted gasoline. So F-310 literally keeps good mileage from formula and effectiveness, F-310 is ungoing up in smoke. like any other additive in any other

What causes an engine to produce dirty exhaust in the first gasoline.

place? Over a period of time, deposits make engines "run rich."''F-310 Trademark Vnr Polybutene Amine

They actually consume more gasoline than they can burn effiGasoline Additive

Chevron with F-3IO. There isn't a caron the road that shouldn't be using it.

Standard Oil Company of California Ji

h,

Richard Boyer, newly called LDS Student Association president at the University of Utah, writes: "It is a time for personal definition of

values, a crucial juncture when we must decide if that which we have been taught is that which we now choose to believe. We in LDSSA are

thousands who believe in God, who love him as our Father. We pray to him and are grateful

for his influence in our lives. We believe in his

Son Jesus Christ, and we are honored to take upon ourselves his name and to remember him and keep his commandments. We are thousands who

sustain the President of the Church as a prophet and honor him in this dispensation in the tradition of the prophets of old. We are thousands who

respect our bodies and live the Word of Wisdom, who are chaste and clean and virtuous, who truly want to have clean hands and a pure heart that we may one day ascend to the hill of the Lord. We

are thousands who pay an honest tithing. We are

thousands who hold the priesthood and, hold it or not, who honor the priesthood. We are thousands

who have served missions and are now again ready to serve wherever the authorities of the Church would call us to serve. We are thousands who are

preparing to go to the temple, who have been and are preparing for an eternal marriage,"

Captain William N. Hansen wrote us from

Cambodia and talked about the importance of appreciating what we have in life and of appreciating the sacrifices our peers are making that we might have these blessings. He learned his

lesson in a dramatic way. He writes: "While

passing through an area where units had encountered some harassing fire, I looked over my right shoulder, and on a small hill approximately 100 meters away I noticed a white puff out of which emerged a black trail of smoke, indicating that an antitank rocket had been fired. And it

had been fired at me "Yes, my life did flash before my eyes. Was I

frightened? Hysterical? Not really. But I was

disappointed because I hadn't yet accomplished all that I wanted to in this life. However, on that

day that particular rocket bounced instead of detonating on impact as it is designed to do. The

feeling I experienced when I came to, lying on the floor of my combat vehicle, was a most thrilling and wondrous one, as I realized that I was still alive and relatively whole. As superiors and

friends visited me in the hospital, again I heard, '... lucky... fortunate....'Perhaps—but the

only logical account has to be blessed. I had another chance!"

Pcn< i?ose 0/ LaMesa, California, tvas killed in

action in South Vietnam, but just before this very special soldier, died, he wrote: "War is an ugly,

vicious thing. It makes men do things that they

would not normally do. It breaks up families,

causes immorality, cheating, and much hatred:.

It is not the glorious John Wayne type thing you see in the movies. It is going a month without a

shower or change of clothes. It is fear creeping

up your spine, hearing the pop of a mortar tube in the jungle. It is not being able to get close

enough to the ground when coming under enemy fire, or hearing your buddy cry out because of &o,\V> being ripped with a hot piece of shrapnel, but let tell you that the horrors and terror of war >V me e are not half as bad as living tinder a communistic- o government. You men, be proud of your American

citizenship, because many brave and valiant men are here preserving your freedom.

"God has given you the gift of a free nation, and it is the duty of each of you to help in what way you can to preserve it. America is the protector of our church, which is dearer to me than

life itself."

Ruth Fox of Logan, Utah, writes: "Faith does

not come in neat, cellophanewrapped packages, molded for our convenience. Instead, faith is the

course of wonder as it overwhelms our consciousness and pulls at our understanding, helping our minds to see farther than our eyes, past the mere visible to a deeper awareness that transcends knowing."

Richard Johnson, a Scout from Boise, Idaho, writes: "I believe in the United States of America

as a government of the people, by the people., for

the people; whose just powers are derived from

the consent of the governed; a democracy in a

republic; a sovereign nation of many sovereign

states; a perfect union, one and inseparable; established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice, and humanity for tvhich American

patriots sacrificed their lives and fortunes. I

therefore believe it is my duty to my country to love it; to support its constitution; to obey its

laius; to respect its flag; and to defend it against

all enemies. This is 'The American's Creed.'To

you mid me, America is the finest country in the world. It is our duty as Americans to help keep

this democracy alive. Through my Scout work,

I will learn many ways in which I can do my part to help keep America great."q

Era, August 1970 35 A Gathering of the Indians

Some 700 outstanding Indian youth from areas throughout the

United States and Canada have treasured memories of this year's youth conference at Brigham Young University. Sponsored by

the Indian committee of the Church, under the chairmanship of Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve, the conference was held to allow selected young Indian leaders to get together to discuss ways in which they can help their people, improve conditions, insure a better life, and increase personal development.

Delegates were chosen from among the more than 4,500 youngsters participating in the

Church's Indian student placement program, the 15,000 who are attending special Indian seminaries sponsored by the Church, and the more than 300 American Indian students attending Brigham Young University.

Everything possible was done to make the experience memorable. Getto-knowyour-fellowdelegate gatherings, banquets,

and informal recreation events were held. But key excitement

came in the discussion groups, the questionand-answer sessions. The students conducted

virtually all discussions and activities, and special speakers (General Authorities and Raymond Nakei, chairman of the

Navajo Tribe) offered motivation. O

Visiting personally with many delegates were left to right, Elder Marvin J.

Ashton, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve, Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve, and President

Spencer W. Kimball, Acting President

of the Council of the Twelve.

Era, August 1970 37 The morning of June 16 Narrows, Tilghman Island, and log canoes came from St.

dawned with rain and forecasts into the Choptank River. The Michaels'boat yards. Today the

of high wind. For the boys of beautiful eastern shore of Maryharbor is used by oystermen,

Sea Explorer Unit 860, Anland welcomed us as the boat crabbers, fishermen, clammers, napolis Ward, Annapolis, Marysailed up the Choptank and and pleasure seekers.

land, this could have meant delay turned into the Tred Avon Back at sea, the crew of the in their departure for a week River, docking at the town of Mustang displayed seamanship of high adventure under 900 Oxford. The boys of 860 had that won the admiration of sevsquare feet of sail aboard the completed their first day of saileral oldtime sailors. The boys

60foot "bugeye"or ketch rig ing. Textbook masts and forewere briefed by Captain Morton

Mustang. Fortunately, the Chesastays had become a reality; main on the techniques they were to

peake Bay was kind and the and mizzen sheets, halyards and use in leaving the dock under winds abated as the boys signed topping lifts were now tools full sail. All sails were set, with

on as crew under Captain Gerry they had actually used. After the mizzen, main, and jib sheets

Morton, USN, Ret. the evening meal on board Musfree. The starboard stern line

Heading out with the staysail tang, shore leave was given to was held fast and the staysail set and her telltales rippling in visit Oxford. boom positioned to starboard.

the wind, the Mustang pulled Oxford occupies a point of The Mustang's bow moved smartaway from the Annapolis city land in the Tred Avon River ly away from the dock, the dock docks. Her first destination was near the Choptank. It existed line was released, and all other

Bloody Point Light at the southas a town long before Baltimore, sails were sheeted in. As the

ern tip of Kent Island. The and in the early days was one of Mustang headed northward into

course was plotted and the ETA the two leading settlements of Prospect Bay, a squall line ap- (estimated time of arrival) deMaryland, sharing importance proached from the southwest and termined by one of the boys actwith Annapolis. heavy rain reduced visibility,

ing as navigator, using the skills The second day we left for forcing the piloting through the he had developed during trainBlackwalnut Point and then Chester River to be accomplished ing sessions on piloting. Knowlsailed northward to the Miles by compass and dead reckoning.

1500 hours the skipper took edge gained in various phases of River—destination St. Michaels At

Sea Scout training was a necesand the Chesapeake Bay Marithe wheel, and shortly thereafter sity, as the Mustang headed into time Museum. the Mustang was hard aground

open water and familiar landThe history of St. Michaels off Calf Pasture Cove. Drift had

marks disappeared. The hours has been spectacular and dranot been accounted for in the

spent and the skills acquired in matic. Since the earliest days compass course plotted. The boys

the class in the Annapolis Ward the beautiful landlocked harbor quickly went over the sides and were being put to test. has been a haven for boats plying took the anchor forward to

After passing Bloody Point the Chesapeake and its inlets. deeper water. By kedging

Light, the crew altered their Many Baltimore Clippers, the that is, securing the anchor into course to skirt the shoal water fastest vessels of the colonial the bottom forward of the bow off Poplar Island. It was altered period, were built there. Punand winching the vessel forward

finally freed. again to pass through Knapp's geys, schooners, shipjacks, and—the Mustang was

to Art Reid Skipper

Friday, 0900, found the Mustang on a course of 215 degrees, bound for the Chesapeake Bay Bridge with an ETA of 1306.

The timeless maxim that "all good things must come to an end"was swiftly becoming a reality. The Mustang's log records that, at 1445, the ship was

tied to the Annapolis city docks and all hatches, sails, and lines were secured, marking the end of our 150mile trip and our exploration of but a few of the 3,237 square miles of ppen water The crew rear, left to right: George Alfred, Mark

and 5,616 miles of shoreline of Coleman, Lou Balestra, Art Reid; front, Tom Reid,

the beautiful and historic ChesaKurt Abendschein, Jeff Lanning, Kenneth Allred.

peake Bay. Given such a setting,

is it any wonder that the boys of the Annapolis Ward are interested in Sea Exploring? O

Capt. P.V.H. Weems, USN Ret, who taught

navigation to Charles Lindberg, Richard

Byrd and Wiley Post, explaining plotting to

Sea Explorers Dean Robinson, Ken Larsen,

Eric Poulsen, Paul Crowther, and Mark

Coleman.

IV\B

KJ

Era, August 1970 39 The Four SupremeTests of Youth

By Dr. Victor B. Cline

Hercules, the famous hero of Greek legend, was required to accomplish 12 impossible labors for

Eurystheus, son of the king of Argos. These tasks

included such things as cleaning the Augean stables in a day, capturing the savage bull of

Minos, and killing Hydra, the poisonous serpent with nine heads. The ultimate reward for these

accomplishments turned out to be a gaining of immortality and living with the gods.

It is speculated by some authorities that Hercules was probably a real man, possibly a chieftain of Tiryns in Mycenaean times and a servant to

King Argos. His deeds, a meshing of some truth

and fiction, present some psychological truths far beyond the specific details of this apocryphal in life is the struggle with authority. We call it

history. This is a story of a man who with great "authority conflict."We don't want to obey rules

selfdiscipline, imagination, and courage accomset up by others. We don't want to be told what to

plished a number of incredibly difficult and stern do. We want to have our own way. And yet, if

tasks and by so doing reached the Greek version society is to survive, we have to enter into agreeof the celestial kingdom. ments with others for our mutual protection and

It would seem that every age has its special benefit. Many young people, in their almost fierce

tasks or trials on which each human spirit has desire for freedom and independence, feel that to test its mettle. And our age demands no less, they are above the law, or would like to be. They

in some ways, than was demanded of Hercules. are restless at the restraints imposed on them and

Though the tests differ, the challenge and diffitheir behavior. The initial testing of authority

culty remain unchanged. begins in the home with the parents representing

After working some seven years in the Counselthe position of the socalled Establishment. Since

ing Center of the University of Utah and assisting the family represents society in miniature, it is youth privately and in a variety of clinics and here that many protracted struggles occur beorganizations, I have found what I believe to be tween the generations. And every generation

the latterday equivalent of Hercules'labors faced experiences that same conflict or struggle.

by Latterday Saint youth. These four labors or One morning I interviewed a young Latterday

tasks are not primarily physical. They do not Saint college student. In the space of one hour

require brawn, physical prowess, nor sheer he smoked one and a half packs of cigarettes. He

strength, but rather lie in the area of psychological would smoke one cigarette partially, then put it or moral tests or challenges. Yet in some ways out and go on nervously to another. Because of the

they present even greater difficulties than those look of distaste on his face, I asked if he enjoyed faced by the legendary Hercules. The four tests smoking. He replied, "Good heavens, no!"Then

faced by LDS youth might be likened to climbing I asked why he smoked at all, since he didn't like four Mount Everests. At times they appear alcigarettes. He looked confused and replied that

most impossible to surmount. But if accomplished, he didn't know.

asked about his drinking patterns, he the rewards are great—in fact, without price. When

And the simple fact that others have scaled these indicated that he consumed a considerable number heights suggests that we might also. of alcoholic beverages but, again, found them relaThe first labor that faces every man fairly early tively distasteful and was unable to understand

Dr. Victor B. Cline, professor of psychology at University

of Utah, has had a wealth of experience nationally as a research scientist in the area of human personality and mental health, He has been named to numerous professional societies and is on the Youth Protection Committee. He and his wife are the parents of eight children.

why he drank. He was not attending religious What makes adjustment to this problem so diffiservices even though he felt an attraction to the cult, frequently, is that sometimes the party being

Church and its philosophy and teachings. He was restricted is right. The person who denies the

instance, the father who takesnot sure why he didn't attend. opportunity—for

As we explored his background, we found that away the car—may not fully realize the other side

he was locked in a major power struggle with his of the situation. This requires supreme tact and

father, a devoutly religious but rather strict man. patience by the one who is misunderstood, as

Effective communication and understanding had well as skill at negotiating and reconciling differbroken down. It soon became apparent that the ences. Some young people learn how to resolve and

never but others problems, authority their solve this young unconscious—thatstrategy—largely constantly truculent, bitter, become to do. They was dealing with his father was using inman

break the rules and prohibitions of their mutual angry, and frustrated, and are in a state of conreligion. This, he knew, would effectively hurt tinuing rebellion against their religion, their God,

his father and would also demonstrate freedom their spouses, those they work for, and even and independence from his rule. sometimes themselves. Many are thus divided and

; they are truly unhappy individuals. Unable to effectively deal with his father and torn within

the authority he represented, this young man was acutely depressed, alienated, and ineffectual, and was cut off from spiritual and religious ties that he still valued. He was caught in a bewildering

maze of conflicting loyalties and feelings. He

could barely function.

A young married woman, grossly overweight, was in rebellion against her husband. She hated

herself in her obese, bloated state. She asked for

help in taking off the weight, but despite the many diets she was given, it became apparent that for some unknown reason, she wouldn't cooperate.

She couldn't seem to do those things necessary to make herself attractive. The answer to the

dilemma emerged when she revealed that her husband constantly chided her about her overweight condition and frequently suggested that she cut down on her eating. However, in her rebellion

against her husband she inadvertently revealed, "I'll be darned if I'll take off any weight for him."

Thus, to spite her husband she kept herself in a continually unattractive state, despite all of the negative consequences for herself.

"Kicking against the pricks"is a common consequence of this type of authority struggle. Injury is done to oneself as part of a frustrated

angry response to the jabbings and irritations occasioned by the authority's saying no or by The second great labor facing most young peopl parents grounding one for unapproved behavior. is the crisis of selfconfidence in one's selfimage,

Era, August 1970 41 a

or being able to respect oneself. In a survey made and the morals of the JudeoChristian ethic. What

several years ago at the University of Utah, the they don't realize is that this new life they have following question was asked: "Do you feel that chosen has much less to offer than what they left

you have an inferiority complex?"Ninetythree behind. Loyalty, love, sacrifice, duty, charity, enpercent replied, "Yes,"which suggests that a during for the sake of another are all qualities

great majority of people struggle with this lacking in the drug culture. It's a life where the

problem. stimulation of one's nerve endings and inner

The author once interviewed a very attractive psyche is the ultimate good, where exploitation of

Latterday Saint girl in her late teens. She had another for the sake of one's own needs is combeen going steady with a man much older than monplace. It's a life of bondage, not of freedom.

she, a man who was an exconvict, an alcoholic, Freedom for them is only illusory.

assaultive and abusive to women, crude and deUnfortunately, those individuals who lack selfgrading in his personal manner, and ridden with confidence, who don't love and respect themselves, venereal disease. Her girl friends and family were are most frequently prone to accept the friendly

shocked and disturbed that she would permit herinvitation of those in this culture, with its promise self to date such a person and suggested that she of no criticism, of egobuilding blandishments, of talk to a counselor. When asked if she loved him, an easy way out, of a new life. But it's a trap—

she quickly responded, "Oh, no!"spiritual death for many and a physical death for

"Then do you like him?"a few more, as any therapist sadly knows who

She replied, "No. I'm afraid of him."specializes in treatment of these people.

When asked why she persisted in dating him, she responded in a weak, almost inaudible voice, "But who else would have me?"

Her image of herself was so low and abased that she felt that she didn't deserve any better. It

is obvious that if you think you are "nothing,"you may go with and date "nothing."You may

also marry someone who is "nothing,"with frequently disastrous results for you personally and even more for your children.

The selfimage that we live with plays an extremely vital role in influencing the decisions we make, the jobs or vocations we choose, and our ability to resist temptation. Some studies

indicate that one of the key reasons young people use drugs or alcohol or engage in other activities that might be harmful to themselves is that they cannot ignore the influence of their peer group.

One Latterday Saint boy, a teenager, justified his using drugs by saying, "But there is nothing in the Word of Wisdom that says that using them is harmful."A few minutes later he revealed that

he had been drinking alcohol frequently, and he had another rationalization to justify this.

We can always find a reason to justify or excuse any act, no matter how antisocial or selfinjurious it may be. Many young people who enter the

drug culture or hippie life are initially entranced and made to feel good when the people in these groups accept them as they are. There is no The third great labor or challenge has to do

criticism or condemnation made of them. Their with learning how to "relate"to other people.

hair can be long, their clothes dirty, their bodies These include our parents, brothers and sisters, unwashed and smelly. No criticism is ever made the person we marry, our children, the people

of their behavior, of their experimentations with we work with, the man we work under, the people sex or drugs. They feel refreshingly liberated. we supervise, the people who live in the same

They congratulate themselves on being antiblock as we do, and the members of the social establishment, on having overthrown all the mores groups to which we belong. Learning how to re42

late to and with other people may be the most Every man has a struggle to subdue this "tiger"important thing we ever do. This includes learnwithin. It includes the passions and appetites reing how to love and letting someone else love us. sulting from man's basic instinctive and carnal

If we learn to do this effectively, we permit the nature, such as sex, aggression, greed, and covetmyriad of our social and emotional needs to be ousness. It can also include addictions to alcohol

fed and met. If we are unsuccessful in our relaand drugs. If these passions are subdued and

tions with others, there may be damage to our controlled, man's rational and spiritual nature social, emotional, and spiritual development. (ego) can direct the course of his conduct. If the

Not too long ago a funeral was held for a lovely passions dominate, the man may be destroyed, woman whose husband had died about five years he may wreak havoc in his family relationships, previously. Her seven sons and daughters unitedly or his future ambitions and career may be

wept as the beautiful and touching tributes were jeopardized.

made to their departed mother at the funeral. This is an eternal struggle from which no man

Two days later the family met at her empty resiis exempt. For example, a 20year-old boy I know,

dence to decide how to divide up her few belong- a heroin addict, tearfully realized, after it was too ings. Two of the daughters began arguing over late, that he had lost his free agency. The only

who would get a wornout sofa, worth possibly thing he lived for was another "fix,"not because ten dollars. Their insults to each other finally it felt that good, but just to keep from hurting

resulted in a fight. This division of their mother's so bad.

property had served to reopen the bitter rivalries Sexual passions, so marvelous and healing in and relationships they had never learned to resolve their proper place and a great cement in a good as children. marriage, can destroy and corrupt if abased or

Another woman heals everyone with whom she misused. Aggression, anger, and hostility can also

comes in contact. She has a special gift in builddestroy and, in a few moments, wreck the ambiing up people, in inspiring them to be at their tions of a lifetime. However, if properly channeled

best and to magnify their talents. Everyone who and diverted, they can be directed into competitive

leaves her presence has been enriched and resports, business enterprise, humor, or even the warded. Needless to say, she has many friends arts and music.

and is much loved. She has developed her special If we are to accomplish our labors, or climb our

needs there Everests, four to others. relating in gift to be a reasonexist—"justother challenges these just because than or test deals with the subduing labor final The

of the natural man/Psychologists sometimes refer because it's there."For anyone to be motivated

to the id, or our impulsive, irrational nature. for so many years, deferring immediate gratification of impulse for some greater gain later

requires a divine commitment. There has to be

an ultimate goal or purpose. And that goal, I

believe, is the hope of someday living in that community of righteousness in life after death, when love and mercy will prevail. Perhaps there

we may also help those who have stumbled, whose lives were shattered because evil was in the world and the Prince of Darkness misled them.

I don't think heaven will be a happy place if we are alone. And it may be that through the

strength, courage, and selfdiscipline, as well as faith and charity, that we develop in this earth life, we may find the capacity to bless those who are less able, who are weary, who are sad, who need comforting and hope, that they may experience joy too. We are our brother's keeper

no less in this life than in the life to come. O

Illustrated by Phyllis Luch Much is said about "saps"these rti -generation, communication, and forth. We have faced the subject

these pages frequently. This anguish

expression of a concerned parent ti ing to reach a loved child "out ther is worthy of special thought from bo

The Editors

T3303I O 03 3O) 3 Sh Jh 03 o V 4-1 ft Sh 03,3 CU Sh IH3CU T3 "H 03 03 T33 3 Sh t3a 03 03 s 03 0) 03 "Sh 0303 V Sh cy CU (V h3 o> 03 bJh c3 r 03 CU r3 r-i bo3 03 a; 03 "O 4-> J) SH Sh h3 < cu Sh O 03 H o 03 oi JH CU r3 oj >> Sh Sh h3o3 a;

03 OSh O 03 Sh t3 +J trH a>tj 03 73 4J Sho bo H CU o 3 03 H 03WCU CU +J bo3 03 03 h 03 "CU o3 > 03 HH 03 aCU 03 Sh a> Sh 5 ft'53 bo3 bo3 ft 03O CD 03O—ft3 CU o CU T3 <D bo3.!5 03 4> 0)c cu o CJ O)> s o '-< o> CU h3 O) a> 03 u 03 aj—Sh33 bo3 S 4J cu 03 3 boC Sh,-Ho 03 O 03.33 ft r-1 W 03 03> OS Sh Sh 03 U 3 o 0) --> o3 <u cu - 3 ft 3 IH 'Cj 2 CU 03 i >oo 03 ShCU Sho <D O 0) O XSs m 03 03 03 f-H Sh3O s >> s bo ShCU Sh3O 03 03 >j c3 s O 03 > sCU >> 03 5$ p 42 o 3 -B 03 2 CJ > 33O QJ bo o 0303cy HH>.5 8-g c 4-> >>H Sh i—s 03 FHh O

, 3 4J 03 3 '3 B3 03303 c X3 O ft 03 I* bo3 HJO 3 03 3 C. ft O* boCO "ft -3 Sh +j hj * 03 >> * Sh %.2 >> si *+* cu bo o 3O 03 03 03 o h 03 >>,3 Sh $ Sh 03 fe C 03 M h3 in ft 03 s <1) CU g—3o CUe 0) C03 T3 "33 03 r3W J 3 2 03: <H *> j-i ft r> 03 03 03 <D -ft A 2 O -+J Js "Sol? >o bO <, Sh Sh CU 03:03..JH u 03y 33Sh 03 03 g T3 03 03*H eg 03 o 03 o i PS OQ "5 r—c 03 c—U "to 03bo s CU 03 4-> o3 1—1 <u M 0) Sho 3.5.p.) <x> o etH M SH MH Sh 03 03 3 3 +> HH 43 cu rQ 3O>> 03 'aS c 3 H Sh booo 2 s S 3 03 T333o Sh 0) ftS o3 3 bO 03 03 g 3 s r3,34-> 03 f-H.2 CU 2 o. Sh 3 bo M fi -, 03 ft SHs Sh Sha; bo <u 3333 2 3. 5 >>H PS ft cu 03 h3 +->!"o3 3 p, f>Sha O 0) (U Jh 3 t'w Sh3 3 3 3 o 03 O Jh5 o03 03 <u ftCU G 3 S03 O O 3 O O r3 3 o o 73 Q

>H h <1 fH = CQ Ph Ph PQ CO PA Ph Ph H H w.5 W H W < <

t

o

o3 o CDB 13oSSh CD cdacs o05 ft05 CD au 305 a"oo 015-i r 03 CD>O ft 5m S I 03 cd B CD

CD -P 5-i! CDX J-5 05 cd -S 03 O. 3O 03 h o CD 05 BCD -p 0) S s 05 cd -t-JB 5h3O UCD oj I—hi Sho Q OSh JD pB +->B s TSB O 03 05 oS Xi >> SHo - 55 05 8 CD ft c O f O boB o 3P "3SH Bo s- boB 05 -p Sh o cso05 u o3 05 >> O -r- ft r-lB CO +J—2 CD o ooSh aj Si 05 r oS a *5 O05 Sho CD 5m BoS -->.- CD -p o o05 OT <, OSbo o c C ai—bo >, oS 5-1OS. a ft 0) CD>CD B 3O,<0 oT 13 CDB M g SHo <4H c3 CD Sh x3 '053O CDCD CD O B3oS +3 bo > *8 ft 3 S-iO "eS 055-f CD B B S? bO S CD & -<Sh CD CD >j O a)aBo Sh CD 05.5 v bo 5-1 si Z 05 B 03 05 'B o05 o CD X 03 CD 05 boB boB CDSh T5B.. -3 BO O 05 ftCD 05b oo <*> i CD to oS >,os*h B Sh3 CD CD -i-3 bo3 3o ShO CD 3.13 CDB o3 SH 03 05 'B o3 **h <u O Sh3 o bl 3O S-Io -J CD—05o CD 05 ** U boB 0505 O u j..-4 CD Sh 5?CD ShO.B o5 "* 3CD 05 m,0 -P J3Z 3 +* < It! c *H CD T3 3 CD CD T3 -. T3 s O 13. o cu$-1 o5 X 05 O 05CD CD T3 05 -p bo >> *B "5 CD >s 3O "H B. S-iO 05o a03 C 05 2W Cc3 oj -P X oS s rB.15 I-1 iS 5P acd B bo 3 o3 -< T332 05 P - 05 05 o HO bo - B BOo o o m o3 CD 3 ** cu oS a 05 CD oSw s > B B cS -.O CD g.O*+-( CD oS 22 ca CD -P o> +* B > B - y o 5-1 S-i3O S <2 o3 bo 05 b S.3 ft u 3O CD H 533 B 2 > -(-> 3 CDMa aj aSh -p as 05 >i a o$ > 05 O bo CD CD> o3 X d> o3 oB 53 'C oS oS 5h-p * CD u B X\ 05 si> B 4> 03*CD bo o oS > 05 Om ft ft B - Sh CD pC ft) ft CD 05 Shoo r; o3 >S is < p 3 CJ 05 -p ra 3 3 3 B CD o a SO CD CD oS>b oS Th CD O 05B 3O 3O gO a o CD O > 3 cD 3 O o 3 O O ajo 3 J I >H >h c72 <! xn CO pq fe H < Q m <

By Robyn Kite Houston, Texas, speech festival winner

From within me—what? From within

I often me—why? From within me—how?

surprise myself by the things I do, the ways

I feel. From within me—mixed emotions.

I hope the Lord understands, for I find comprehending very hard.

From within me—tears. Tears from exhausted laughter. Tears with Oliver and

Flowers for Algernon. Tears for a child

entrusted in my care. Tears for lonely

thoughts and desperation. And tears just

because I'm me. A

From within Joy for the fire me—joy.

of "Come, Come Ye Saints."Joy for Christ's

love and anxious surprises. Joy for a leaf

that has defied the wind. Joy for the first

step of mankind's child. Joy for living and

breathing. for From within me—respect. Respect

the teachers who touch my heart, mind, and soul. Respect for the, soil that the Lamanites

touched. Respect for the majesty of the

human body. Respect for the Lord and the

love he shines upon his children. Respect

for respect and those who can keep it.

From within me—love. Love for giving

and sharing, not for taking. Struggling

love for the lost and different. Love for

mischievous feet, small hands, laughing eyes. Love for the gospel's sun and the

warmth of its rays. Love for time and all

jrnity. |Vhen I die my epitaph will read

Here lies me.

I have been what I could be."

46 Era, August 2970 A DIRTY EXHAUST DOES MORE THAN DIRTY THE AIR.

Conoco's new

supercleaning additive Itcan wasteenoughfuel is now in all 4 gasolines.

They help keep an engine'sbreathing system (carburetor, torun a secondengine.

valves, PCV control) clean. (Look at this remarkable demonstration)

Fuel waste is reduced.

Your engine breathes easier...you will, too.

What does a dirty exhaust mean?

That your engine is building up deposits that can throw your airto-gasoline mixture out of whack.

Your engine's dirty so it takes in more gasoline than it can burn.

This unburned fuel goes into the air as dirty exhaust. Enough wasted fuel in this exhaust

How does cleanerair additive help? toTherunenginea secondinengine.the car on the right was pur- S

The new additive is a supercleaner posely adjusted. It's running at a fast idle. The 1

that helps keep carburetor, valves, carburetor's set for a rich fuel mixture. Its exis dirty fuel. with wasted clean; So control helps haust much wastedPCV emission j

fuel that it actually runs the engine second buildup; engineprevent deposit j

helps balance airto-fuel mixture; (left). 2750 rpm (inset) on just exhaust alone, 1

reduces unburned fuel. And that inno dirtyfuel line.exhaust.That's a lot of mileage going up 1

means a cleaner exhaust.

Can it actually improve mileage?

Yes. These new Conoco gasolines

can reduce fuel waste. You burn

less gasoline, and you get more miles, more ride for your money. NewConoco

Will Conoco cost more?

Not a penny more. You pay the

same price you've always paid forConoco gasolines. gasolines helpget back

Is the additive in all 4 gasolines?

All 4 Conoco gasolines: Premium,Super, Regular, and Conotane some mileage misted

now contain cleanerair additives.

inyourexhaust.

Now, more than ever CONOCO...more ride for your money.

Hottest "WW Brand Going. 1970 Continental Oil Company.

OXIDIZED 1 FINISH 1 How to Order

New Church Magazines In a recent letter to Church priestSeptember 1, with the understanding hood leadership, the First Presidency that credits will be transferred to the announced the goal of placing the new new adult magazine.

Church magazines "in every home."If a person's subscription expires beAs Era readers know (see July, pp. tween September and December for the

8-9; also pp. 5455, this issue), beginInstructor or Relief Society Magazine,

ning January 1971, three new magahe may contact the present Relief Sochildren's magazine, a youth ciety Magazine representative and order 1 zines—a

magazine, and an adult magazine the remaining issues at the rate of 25 will replace present Church magazines. cents per issue, or contact the present

To help Era readers order the new Instructor representative and order no i HIGHQUALITY ceduresmagazines,are thelisted:following general proissuelater thanat theSeptemberrate of 40I eachcents remainingper issue.

After September 1, a new ward mag-

A. Present publications azine representative will be appointed

1. Subscriptions to the Children's for the Improvement Era as well as the

Friend will continue at $2.50 a year new adult magazine. Expirations of the

K5| until December 31, 1970. BeginningEra after August and before JanuarySERRATED January 1, 1971, a subscriber's remainwill be renewed by him for a fullyear

to credits price of will the beyond be transferred with the credits $4.00, KNIVES ing automatically transferred children's being time magazine. At that January new

the subscription price for the new chilto the new adult magazine.

SOLID dren's magazine will be raised to $3.00

a year. Pri- B. 31, ward Until December New Magazines HANDLES

to take will continue Persons workers mary who do not take any of the all persons subscriptions. and Children's magazines above Friend who On A B

1, to the magadesire order transyouth the will be assignment new January H Q as adult reprethe ferred to well maga- a magazine ward new new zine—as

sentative and his assistants. zine—should, after September 1, contact

2. Present subscribers to the Imthe new ward magazine representaprovement Era, Instructor, and Relief tive who will take subscriptions for

Society Magazine will form the major the magazines at the following rates:

roster of the new adult magazine. youth magazine, $3.00 a year; adult

Hence, remaining credits for these magmagazine, $4.00 a year. After January

azines after January 1971 will be trans- 1, the ward magazine representative ferred to the new adult magazine. For will take subscriptions for the new

example, a ninemonth Era credit, a children's magazine at the rate of $3.00

sixmonth Instructor credit, and a a year.

threemonth Relief Society Magazine Any Era subscriber who desires a credit would combine to a total of 18 cash refund for the balance of his Era months credit for the new adult magacredits beyond January 1971 (in other zine. words, does not desire the new adult

Subscriptions and renewals for all magazine in his home) may so specify three of the present adult magazines by filling out the coupon below and azine—willEra, Instructor,be andtakenReliefby presentSociety auxilMag- sendingsons desiringit to refundsthe addressshouldnoted.returnPerthe

Statotete Steel 'ptahume iary magazine representatives until coupons before September 1. o

Satin Rose Pattern The Improvement Era Refund Coupon I 48piece set consists of: Since I do not desire to apply my improvement maining credit balance to me. (Send coupon to

8 Knives 8 Forks 8 Spoons EraaftersubscriptionDecember credits1970, pleaseto the adultrefundmagazinethe reCOIV10,84111.) 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah

16 Teaspoons 8 Salad Forks Name.Ward.

for Postage Prepaid only $29.95

Address.. Stake (Other Patterns A vailable)

ATTN: BISHOPS, RELIEF SOCIETY City. State -ZipPRESIDENTS DO NOT WRITE IN THE SPACE BELOW

Place Settings are Ideal Elegant These attach Please here mailing Banquets. and Stake for Ward

label magazine. your last from

For $7.95 you can also receive a

6-PIECE HOSTESS SET 3 Send Check or Money Order To:

HARRISONJOHNSON, INC.

160 South 2nd West Bountiful, Utah 84010 48

Research & Review

Why Did the Latterday Saints Experience Persecution?

By Leonard J. Arrington

Contributing Editor

Despite the Savior's injunction to in Ohio Between 1830 and 1838, by love our neighbors, recent events testify Max H. Parkin, a master of arts thesis Thereavailableare tonowassistoverin75teachingoutstandinga lastingfilms

that violence and brutality are as real for Brigham Young University, 1966. message. Rental charges are Well within

in this dispensation as they were when A History of the Mormons in Norththe reach of any budget.

Jesus completed his ministry. ern Missouri From 1836 to 1839, by LeadershipIDEAL FOR:Training

How do we explain man's inhumanLeland H. Gentry, a Ph.D. thesis for Class Instruction

ity to man? To give the question a Brigham Young University, 1965. SundayMIA ActivitiesSchool

historical setting, how do we explain Causes of Mormon—NonMormon Primary

the persecution and cruel treatment Conflict in Hancock County, Illinois, Firesides given to early Latterday Saints by 18391846, by Kenneth W. Godfrey, a

others who pretended to be followers of Ph.D. thesis for Brigr am Young UniEDUCATIONAL MEDIA

Christ? The monstrous savagery of the versity, 1967. SERVICES

mob at Haun's Mill, the ugliness of the While these scholarly brethren were BrighamHerald R.YoungClark UniversityBuilding

massacre of the Prophet Joseph Smith primarily concerned with the causes Provo, Utah 84601 by men with painted faces, the burning of conflict, they left no doubt that DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Film Departmentof homes in Nauvoo—what led men to there was persecution. In Jackson 44 East South Temple

perpetrate these outrages? County, Missouri, local residents deSalt Lake City, Utah 84111

Five studies written within the past molished the Church printing press, BV Chicago Film BYU Southwestern Film ten years by young Latterday Saint tarred and feathered the bishop, tore AssociationCenter Films, Inc. 415CenterNorth 6th Avenue

scholars focus on the issue of violence off the roofs of most Latterday Saint 5LaGrange,1.2 HillgroveIII. Avenue60525 Tucson,BYU CanadianArizona 85705Film Center

in the early history of the Church. homes and destroyed their furniture, BYUCenterBay Area Film 2300512 23rdBurlingtonAvenue SouthStreet

Inc. Lethbridge. Films. Alberta. Association Canada are:They applied to priesthood the whip many Cypress 25358 Avenue Ricks Film Center BYU

Calif. Hayward, 94544 First Street 225 Persecutions in Missouri, Mormon killed of them, some bearers and and

Falls, Idaho Idaho 83401 Film BYU Eastern thesis1833, a senior honors Richard by of livestock. their slaughtered Center most Film Los Angeles BYU

Association Films, Inc Center University, at HarvardBushman sumSimilar assaults the were 600 Grand Avenue upon made Inc. Films. Association

N.J. Ridgefield, 07657 Street Olive South 2221 this title inmarized under in Brigham Saints northern Ohio, Missouri, and Calif. 90007 Los Angeles,

Young University Studies, Vol. 3 (AuIllinois. ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST BRANCH LIBRARY 1

tumn 1960), pp. 1120. These studies also demonstrate that FREE

Zion Is Fled: The Expulsion of the in most instances the nonMormon NEW

Mormons from Jackson County, Misresidents were the aggressors. An obCATALOG

souri, by Warren Jennings, a Ph.D. server of the Jackson County difficulSend for the latest FREE catalog

thesis for the University of Florida, ties, whose father was accused of being listing all films now available.

1962. a "mobocrat,"later wrote: Write to:

The Nature and Cause of Internal "There is no use... in denying the Educational Media Services

and External Conflict of the Mormons fact that the Mormons received at the Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601

Era, August 1970 49 FREE checking handsharsh treatment.of their Gentile... It neighborswas cruel. very-...

In nearly every instance the overt acts witfi a of aggression were perpetrated by the minimum party opposing them...."

The Saints, he said, "were unjustly balance of and outrageously maltreated by the original settlers, and... in the tragic $98 and pitiful scenes which occurred the

A NEW IDEA FROM TRACYCOLLINS TO MAKE BANKING last part of their sojourn... the settlers

WITH US EVEN MORE CONVENIENT AND ECONOMICAL! were aggressors so far as overt acts of

Perfect for the scout troop camping fund, the hostility were concerned."1

proceeds from the bake sale or the whole ward Some of the causes of conflict bebudget! With TRACYCOLLINS'"98"you may gACW tween the Saints and their neighbors

never pay to write another check! And if your

peculiar of to the circumstances were resulting the dip $98.00 balance does below ser- ( OBANK ANDINSTRUST settlements. particular it! Thus, in Jackis you'll vice notice hardly charge so low

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation son County, as Warren Jennings indi151 South Main -4707 Holladay Boulevard475 East Second South 888 East 45th South cates, the Saints settled on the edge of

Salt Lake City, Utah Indian country, and the older settlers were haunted by the fear that the special interest of the Saints in the rehabilitation and redemption of the

FOR OLDFASHIONED American Indian would culminate in

HEALTH GIVING Indian uprisings. Missouri was settled

GOODNESS primarily by Southerners, and the "CORONA"Saints were, by and large, nonslave-

GRAIN MILL holding New Englanders and New for use with Yorkers. This led to suspicion and

corn, wheat, nuts, i feelings of ill will.

etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse In Kirtland, some of the converts to grinding. New 1 CTSP

model mill with finer the Church exhibited a tendency to grinding plates $10.95 spiritual and hysterical excess—what East of postpaid.

$1.00 Rockies add grinding Max Parkins calls "spiritual abnormalFiner postage.

ities."converts these 1 had Some of plates for old new C NOVEMBER 6 mill set postpaid. $1.95

sects of that had somemembers tax in Utah. been sales Add 4V2%

DEPARTURE "Special"quantity prices to church groups. times cultivated during worship violent

Allow 30 days for delivery. and irregular motions—leaping, shout-

'A'Suva HOME SIZE STONE GROUND ing, and jabbering. To the Prophet

FLOUR MILLS Joseph Smith, these manifestations *New Zealand were "unnatural"and were products of

Australia was"falsequickspirits."to educateAlthoughnewthe convertsProphet

Tahiti Churchabout thewasprinciplessubjectedof goodto ridiculeorder, thebeBora Bora causeover, individualsof the excessestook ofadvantagea few. 2 Moreof the

need of ingathering converts for homes and farms and charged exorbitant

Murdock Travel, Inc. prices. The failure of the Kirtland

St. 14 South Main flour! Grind your own City, Salt Lake Utah

health better to way 84101 with.. an. EatAll Grainyour Safetyzens, bothSocietymembersBank andfoundnonmembers,many citiPhone 3283161 flour mill.

supplies with mill AllGrain with every Free Corona

Please send me inforfor mill sold. Write more now ADVENTUREthe brochuretour.on your PACIFIC Finally, three ofapostates—Ezraworthless currency.Booth, mation.

Name Send orders to: Simonds Ryder, and Philastus Hurlburt

SMFTHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

Address 99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 8433!

50 Era, August 1970 I Genealogy Publications The Brigham Young University Press has prepared a number of paperback publications that vail be of great assistance to the beginner as well as the experiencjMgenealogist.

KEY TO THE PAROCHIAL

REGISTERS OF SCOTLANDfrom THUS THEY WROTE the earliest times through 1854 by CarlErik Johansson by V. Ben Bloxham

(in consultation with Derek F. Metcalfe) A text on the handwritten genealogical sources

A must for Scottish researchers, this new work treats anda guidedocumentsto the gothicof Scandinavia.script as wellTheasbookabbreviationprovides

of parishes records ancientthe over 900 in the eighteenth and seventeenth, of used is a simplificationScotland. and volume The Illustrated. lineteenth centuries.

rearrangement of the material found in the 1872 publication, Detailed Lists of the Old Parochial $3.00Register of Scotland.

$5.75

PRIESTHOOD GENEALOGICAL

NORTH AMERICAN RESEARCH/SEMINAR MANUALS

GENEALOGICAL SOURCES Manuals and study guides from the annual by Norman Edgar Wright seminars held at BYU, prepared by leaders and experts in the field of genealogy.

Four volumes to help find sources of genealogical data in North America: 166—Key to Genealogical

...$3.95Middle Atlantic and Canada.... $3. {& Research Essentials.

r967—Migration Sources—Great

Southern States $3. Britain & North America.$2.00

MidWestern States $2. 1968—Third Annual Seminar

Southwestern States $2. Course Outline $2.00

,1969Priesthood Instruction.. $2.0Q,

California residents include: 5% sales tax

Mail to: Brigham Young University,

DEVOTIONAL TALKS FROM PublicationProvo, Utah Sales,84601205 UPB,

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH SEMINARS Please send the following genealogical publications:

First Annual Seminar $.75

Second Annual Seminar $2.00

Third Annual Seminar $2.00

Fourth Annual Seminar $2.00

Paul Royall "Every Man NAME in His Place"$.30 \ ADDRESS.

V ci TY STATE. ZIP

Brigham Young University Press, Publication Sales, 205 UPB—Provo, Utah 84601

ZiSALT LAKE OHV1COTTONWOOD OGOENI—sought to discredit the Prophet and belief in spiritual gifts—these generated

his followers by calumny and vexatious disgust and anxiety. The concept of

lawsuits. All of these factors conGod as a Father willing to intervene in

tributed toward the abandonment of behalf of his children, and of man as

Kirtland as a gathering place. having the capability of receiving

A primary factor in the 1838 expulrevelations direct from God, engendered sion order from Missouri, as Leland both disbelief and envy. The greater

Gentry points out, was the illegal the success of Mormon proselytization, activity of some members of the Church it seemed, the greater the fear of the who called themselves Daughters of eventual displacement of other reGideon, or Danites. These members ligious systems. The peculiar Mormon

had taken upon themselves the prebeliefs and the clannishness of the rogative of organizing themselves to early converts, as Richard Bushman protect the interests of the Church, and points out, made them socially imthey soon were transformed into a penetrable—and therefore distrusted

group of militant zealots, disregarding and feared.

both church and state. Their activities Second, the "old settlers"feared that

helped to bring the Church into the ingathering Saints would "take disrepute. over"the region, politically and ecoFactors peculiar to the expulsion nomically. "... it requires no gift

from Illinois were the charges of John of prophecy,"wrote a member of the

C. Bennett and other apostates that Jackson County mob committee in

"THE ENVOY"Joseph Smith was introducing a new 1833, "to tell that the day is not far

TWO PANT SUITS marriagemarriage) doctrine; the order(celestialto destroyand pluralthe distantthe countywhenwillthe becivilingovernmenttheir hands;of

a zcmi exclusive Nauvoo Expositor; the musters, parades, when the sheriff, the justices, and the

made especially and mock battles of the Nauvoo Legion, county judges will be Mormons, or if their favor to court persons wishing in preparation for "war"; rumors for missionaries as

of interest counterfeiters, that thieves, or ambition."motives other from and

s89.95* lawbreakers were being sheltered in In a few years, if they had continued

Nauvoo; and fears that the Saints, their proselyting and recruiting, they

You'll never satisfied again be with after the murder of Joseph and Hyrum probably would have controlled schools, suit! finest any other miracle Of the

pressed fabric, The Envoy has an Smith, would seek to avenge their government, and the courts. After their

unconditional twoyear wear guarblood by attacks on presumed particiexpulsion from Jackson County, the weight'for antee. "Mid year round pants in the assassination. Saints did, in fact, gain political concomfort; not spot does under normal

wear. Solids, checks, stripes and In addition to these particular factors trol over the government of Caldwell

overplaids; regular, longs, extra longs in the case of each gathering place, County, Missouri. And it is a fact, as

and shorts.

there were also causal elements that Kenneth Godfrey reminds us, that with "check missionary discount us for our were common to each of the locations Joseph Smith served simultaneously as

ZCMI STORES BUDGET SUITS - ail stores MENS where large numbers of early LatterPresident of the Church, mayor of the day Saints settled. As analyzed by the city, lieutenant general of the Nauvoo

abovementioned scholars, these can be Legion, and judge of the municipal summarized under three headings. court, and that he was actively inCOX'S DEIICOUS First, the boldness of the restoravolved with one of the political parties

tion and the unusual doctrines and (the Democrats). Some local residents CreamedMoney

one of the best in the U.S. practices of the infant church set the saw this as a violation of the American

Latterday Saints apart from other principle of separation of church and

GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY For welfare storage purposes settlers. The idea that God had spoken state. In all gathering places, the profamous for its flavor and quality to a backwoods farm boy, belief in the pensity of the Saints to act corporately

for.(Write Free Brochure)

1 rather a vote as scripture, than as inspired Book of Mormon individually—to COX HONEY FARMS

Shelley,! honeyJ Idaho c*JF(A elect their friends to and unit, and believers doctrine 83274 the that should

gather together in communities to defeat their enemies—led nonMormon

build the kingdom of God in preparaneighbors to act desperately and to use

Unif* PRINTING SERVICE 112 South 2nd East tion for the coming of the Savior, the extralegal measures in countervailing

Logan, Utah 84321 Ph. 7520567

Quality History and Genealogy Printing

Call or write for bid 52 the influence of the Church. VRE5S

Third, once disliked because of their sJ*religion and feared for their impending- '*, capture of political and economic institutions, the Saints were thought 4> capable of any illegality and atrocity.

fflMob leaders successfully propagated f DESERET-|EWS PRESS unfounded charges of planned armed

aggression.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 "These causes add up to an unreasonOC 1600 Empire Road ing fear on the part of the "oldtimers"Call (801) 4861892among whom the Saints settled, based B on a misunderstanding of the Saints'm Layout and Design Typography experiences motives and behavior. The J Lithographic that suggest men, even gL Phototypographyof the Saints Offset jj

4-Color Process Separationswhen they pretend to be Christians, Letterpress as with some of the "mobocrats,"some- %K Bindery Shipping and Mailingtimes deceive themselves into identifying Christian demeanor with their own immediate political and economic interests. Men and women will sacrifice

their property and labor for noble causes, but they may also, when misguided, approve the cruel treatment of others without due process of law.

Human nature being complex, people sometimes fear so much for their own selfinterest that they become irraSPECIAL TO ERA READERS!

tional in their attitude toward those against whom they lash out.

One consequence of aggression isthe hatred that it induces, for people WATER they those difficult to forgivefind it to PURIFIER good we do wronged.have When

our fellow beings, we can love them; Save up to $57 yearly!

when we do them an injury, we hate both them and ourselves. Makes pure water by distillation

Automatically. The apostle John wrote: "There is

or cartridges. No filters

no fear in love; but perfect love casteth Nature's way of purification!

out fear: because fear hath torment. He About 7<t per gallon

that feareth is not made perfect in for pure water!

love. TWO MODELS: "If a man say, I love God, and hateth

his brother, he is a liar.... ELECTRIC $119.

this have commandment "And we FLAMEHEATED $ 89 loveth [Jesus], That he whofrom him

God love his brother also."(1 John ORDER FROM DESERET SUPPLY or from your DESERET SUPPLY dealer

RIVER STAKE STAKE STAKE SAN HUDSON YOUNG MATEO 2021.)4:18, O

Mills 331 Hillcrest Leggs Road 120 W. Gladden FOOTNOTES

Farmington, Calif. N.Y. Millbrae, Lake Katrine, New Mexico Kansas in of C. McCoy John 1 Statement

505325-7931 in 914331-8260 415697-0184 cited 16, 1879, as FebruaryCity Journal,

Warren Jennings, "Isaac McCoy and the Mormons,"Missouri Historical Review, Vol. 61 SHREVEPORT STAKE DALLAS STAKE SUSQUEHANNA STAKE

1 8182. Street pp.(October Ave. 14 Empire 1966), Route 2, 4217 Logan Box 81

2 Vol. Illinois), (Nauvoo, Seasons and Times N.Y. City, Bossier Denton, Texas La. 71010 76201 Syracuse, 747; p. 1, (April3 1842),

315469-3412 817387-3279 318746-2094 3 Vol. 1, History Smith, of the Church, Joseph

p. 397. ask about DESERET SUPPLY CO.

distributorship Box Opportunitiesrr 1 nJc1 1 pIniKedlands, rlifCalif. 0017792373 ff'W\l M W Headquartersneaaquaryearsupplyersproducts.forror youryou Era, August 1970 53

The Church ftFLECTO MovesOn

May 1970

stake President presidency: New (Ohio) Stake, the 516th EU *m U Dayton

J. Livingston Parley counselors and functioning, organized now by was

'??'&—'"MOOWKw.v.'.'-'. 1

D. G. Harris Mark Robertson Asay, and Elder Petersen of Council the Mark E.

of the Twelve from parts of Cincinnati Big Horn (Wyoming) Stake.

Stake. President Joseph M. McPhie

and counselors Edward P. Forgrave and

Roger W. Nielsen were sustained in

Dayton Stake.

PLASTIC MM The two millionth visitor entered June 1970

Japan. given a special He was prelast four missionaries STAIN theOsaka,Mormon Pavilion at Expo '70, J The

copy of the Book of Mormon and a viously for in Peru's unaccounted porcelain of statue the Angel Moroni. astrous earthquake 31, Sunday, May

visitor mileOUTWEARS The disimportant an marked safe were reported at Huaraz and

Caraz. Elder B. Gordon of the Hinckley PAINT! thestone,totalsincenumberhe representsof Christiansabout twicein Council of the Twelve, was making who

FLECTO'S #707 Japan. an eightday tour of mission areas, had

SOFT CURB F New assignments were announced hit.left LimaHe hasjustreturnedbefore thethereearthquaketo assist

STAINS AND for Elder B. Haight, Allen Assistant to David President E. Litster of the Andes

PROTECTS Twelve: in IN ONE the of Mission be vicechairman relief activities directing he will

APPLICATION! the Adult Correlation Committee under among Church members.

6 beautiful wood tones in an Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Counexclusive Exterior Plastic cil of the Twelve, and he is also to More than two tons of Church

Stain that system Wood gives serve as managing director of the welfare supplies were flown to Los of extra you an bonus added protection on exterior siding, Priesthood Leadership Committee and Angeles today for transfer to a Peruvian fences, shingles and shakes. the Teacher Development Committee. plane, for use by victims of the earth-

#707 SOFT CURE will never The First Presidency announced the quake. Within hours a shipment of 50

dry out or crack. Keeps wood appointment of John M. Madsen of tents was also sent by air.

younglooking. Cleans up

with soap and water! Another Nottingham, England, as a new mission

quality product by Flecto, president, with his field of labor to mid The First Presidency announced the manufacturers of Varabe announced. that beginning in January 1971 three

thane Liquid Plastic. The appointment of Anna Joy Wofnew, as yet unnamed, magazines will

Available at better finden of Lehi, Utah, to the YWMIA be published by the Church: one for

Paint, Hardware and general board was announced. adults, one for youth, one for children.

Lumber stores.

FAMILY For You I wish you the joy

SURVIVAL Of recognizing beauty,

GARDEN By And the wisdom to feel (vacuumpacked for Fanny The steady peace of ordinary ways;

max. storage life)

SEEDS TO FEED Kraiss The strength to examine adversity

FAMILY OF FOUR FOR DeVine And to find in it new beginnings SIX MONTHS!

Beans, beets, cabbage, From sleeping sources;

carrots, corn, onions, spinach, tomatoes. squash, peas, Add 50C The dignity to contain happiness

Specially treated for vigorous Postage Without seeming to proclaim it.

it be explored;'"Sy$4.50<*7 T value) DESERET SUPPLY CO. For only then may

supply.Limited Box And I wish you the selflessness

Headquarters for yearsupply products Redlands,1 1 1 Calif. 92373

Of loving, and the completeness

FIBERGLASS Of being loved—

BAPTISTRIES For it is in this sphere alone piece construction. one Moulded That these things may be found.

Installed. Easily 5 sizes. Economical.

Prompt delivery. Also, gas & electric hot

water heaters, fiberglass spires

LITTLEf. 0. BOX 518GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. 54

They will replace the present magaIt was announced that 40,528 stuand Serge B. Woodruff were sustained.

zines, The Children's Friend, The Indents will receive diplomas and certifiNew stake presidencies: President

structor, The Relief Society Magazine, cates of achievement at seminary and Douglas L. Callister and counselors

and The Improvement Era, which will institute graduation exercises this year. Thomas E. Shardlow and Don V.

cease publication with the December Slooten, Glendale (California) Stake;

issues. Impact, a quarterly publication K. Porter Prescott President Lyle Stake, the counselors 517th and now H

of of refunctioning, the seminaries and institutes Jolley F. Kingof Franklin M. parts Keith formed from was and

ligion, will also be terminated in 1970. Flagstaff (Arizona) Stake by Elder horn, Albuquerque (New Mexico) East

The First Presidency—President Joseph Boyd K. Packer of the Council of the Stake; President Jay J. Campbell and

Fielding Smith, President Harold B. Twelve. Elder A. Dalton was sustained counselors Marvin W. Wallin and Kirk

Lee, and President N. Eldon Tanner as stake president, with Richard A. Pat- L. Brimley, Holladay (Salt Lake County)

will serve as editors of the new terson and Roy E. Campbell as counStake.

magazines. Associate editors will be selors.

General Authorities whose specific asLa Canada Stake, the 518th now LLU At a dinner in Salt Lake City tosignments make them particularly confunctioning, was formed from parts of night, a check for $32,949 was precerned with various age groups. Glendale (California) Stake by Presisented to the Reverend M. A. Givens,

President Spencer W. Kimball and Elder dent Spencer W. Kimball of the Council Jr., pastor of the Church of God in

Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council of the of the Twelve. President Robert C. Christ, representing funds raised by

Twelve will be associate editors of the Seamons and counselors Don L. Rogers Latterday Saint youth to help the

children's magazine. Antone Romney,

Max Berryessa, Sunday School General

Superintendent David Lawrence McKay, and Primary General President LaVern

W. Parmley will be members of the "The Spoken Word"from Temple

advisory committe, which will presented Square, over KSL and be "The Elder Hinckley. For thechaired by SysBroadcasting the Columbia

editorsyouth the associate magazine tem May 24, 1970. 1970.

President Kimball Elders SpokenWordwill be and

Marion G. Romney, Richard L. Evans,

and Howard W. Hunter of the Council

of the Twelve, as well as Elder Marion Manners in marriage

D. Hanks, Assistant to the Twelve, and By Richard L. Evans

Presiding Bishop John H. Vandenberg. has been some two and a half centuries since Richard Steele wrote:

will chair the advisoryElder Evans all the species,...

is of AnIt"Two persons who have chosen each other out ofcommittee, which comprised tone Romney, Vaughan Hansen, Superto be each other's mutual comfort and entertainment, have in that intendent McKay, YMMIA General action bound themselves to be goodhumored, affable, discreet, forSuperintendent W. Jay Eldredge, YWgiving, patient and joyful, with respect for each other's frailties and

MIA General President Florence S. imperfections."It is a good summary—or at least a good beginning

Jacobsen, and William E. Berrett, adof what one might make or expect of marriage. Marriage isn't a matter

institutesministrator of and Church of shallow considerations, nor should it be. It isn't a matter of quick the adultseminaries. For magazine,

President Kimball, Elders Romney, decision, nor should it be. It requires durable qualities of character,

Hunter, and Thomas S. Monson of the devotion to duty; facing up to facts, solving problems; working, solCouncil of the Twelve, and Bishop vency; honest ambition, making a home, teaching children; adjusting to

Vandenberg will be associate editors, life, to people, to disappointments. Day after day, it is a relationship

Elderwith chairman Monson as of the that requires resourcefulness of mind, resilience of spirit, and an abadvisory committee, which is composed of Antone Romney, Reed Bradford, Resolute honesty. And yes, there must be manners in a marriage—manlief Society General President Belle S. ners, kindness, courtesy. Strangers we can see and back away from as

Spafford, Superintendents McKay and we want to; friends we can see from time to time; but marriage is

Eldredge, President Jacobsen, and among the most constant relationships of life. And how important that

Elder Berrett. Doyle L. Green, managthose who marry have common convictions, common purposes, coming editor of The Improvement Era

for the past 20 years, has been named mon interests and ideals, and in unity teach their children, and avoid executive editor of the new magazines. the tragedy of two parents pulling their children in different directions,

Verl F. Scott will be business manager, sometimes confusing, sometimes destroying faith and pulling the family

with A. Glen Snarr as circulation apart. It would be difficult to conceive of a more farreaching decidirector. sion than marriage, remembering that the family was meant to be forannounced The First Presidency the ever. And it would be difficult to think of a better place than home to

of John Stuart McMasterappointment of Salt Lake City as a new mission be at our best. No place in all this world should we be more kind,

president, with his headquarters to be more courteous, more honest, more honorable. No place should we be

announced later. more clean, more considerate. No place more than at home should we

show the better side of ourselves.

Era, August 1970 55 ORDER ANY BOOK \fear's food FOR $1.00

13 CHOICE BOOKS BY supply church's building fund. Youth in 71 SMITH: FIELDING JOSEPH

stakes participated Valley in Salt Lake Questions vols. 3.25 Gospel - 5 to 1. Answers ea. under $200 in fundraising to projects in aid the History 2. Essentials 5.95 Church

3. Origin 4.50 Destiny His Man, & is church, whose membership up made under! 3.95 of 4. Progress Man -way

of largely Negroes.

all of 5. 3.50 Restoration Things Cases Size Prepacked 12 Same

6. of Signs the 3.25 Times Moisture Foods cans—Low #10 7. Yourself 4.95 to Heed Take First Presidency The announced

of Joseph 8. Smith 4.50 Teachings Fruits, Grains, 3 Protein 5 6

calls of Foods, the following presithe mission 9. Perfection to 3.50 Way Juices, Desserts, plus Vegetables 8

NEW BOOKS: Sugar, Seasoning and Extras. dents: J. Martell Bird of Monterey Park,

California, Australian Mission; Harvey10. of Revised Hardback Book of Mormon New in convenientFood Balanced Supply

Digest - Hawkes S. of City, Salt Glade Lake Guatemalais scientifically pre- 3.95 tostore cartons in of of Leaders11. Great Book Mormon El Salvador P. Mission; Arnold Orson fill of nutritional the pared to needs color Paul - 9.95 four Cheeseman

12. Youth & the Church -Harold B. Lee 4.95 one person for one full year -'or a of Vancouver, Washington, Brazilian

13. Asia Encounters Church The Mission; South M. Blaine 4-6 of Peterson of three 4.95 family months.

14. Spiritual of Relations Roots 4.95 Human

Ogden, Mission; South Utah, German15. Testa perry of the Old Spirit in 4.95 ment-S Salt Lake Pick up or we will ship

16. Speaks (2 vols.) 5.95 O. - Doxey Hicken, D&C Alberta, Raymond, ea. freight collect. S hipping wt 396 lbs. John

Rice 3.50 -Robert17. Wake Up & Live Canada, Southern States Mission.

IN ERAS! OTHER BOOKS ORDER

In addition to the above, mission assignments for previously announced PERMAPAK ''Bookclub K-*J BeehiVe City, East So., Salt Lake 2430 #40 are: presidents Utah 15 841 4869671 Phone (801) St. 626 "H"British Henry V. Jenkins North me: send Salt City, Lake Utah 84103 Please

Sample Year's Food Supply Kit—7 British South Wallace G. Bennett

for servings 4 each—foods, ample I less like priced order at to or would one $4.95 book John British M. Madsen Southwest rn ppd. $3.95 join incentive as tofor Beehive Bookclub. $1.00 my

J. Stuart Plan Central States Storage Food Free McMaster CATALOG

I J prices. regular at other order to I agree books may

Kit Survival Free and Campingreturn Atlantic or Eastern each the "Order the Form"purchase month p INFORMATION every of"Feature For Book."nondiscounted $20 E. Jr. Drury, Edward States Representative Area Free

I will a receive 25! perbooks (Add FREE BOOK!

A. Didier Charles French East Information Extra (Earn Money) In for postage. tax.) salesbook add Utah 4'/2%

Print Name Name German North Eugene D. Bryson

Address Address Irish Clyde J. Sumerhays

City.State, Zip. City State Zip Japan East Russell N. Horiuchi

(new mission) Aug. ERA Japan West Kan Watanabe (new mission)

J. Joe Christensen BUYS Mexican CALL US FREE TUNA

Leo W. Russon New Zealand HIGHEST QUALITY!

LOWEST COST! Northern Indian Rex C. Reeve, Jr.

24 CANS PER CASE Ohio Marshall T. Burton

CHUNK LIGHT SouthPhilippineAfrican HarlanDeWitt W.C. SmithClark

3% oz..$ 4.95 Spain (new Ralph R. Barnes britis 12'/4oz. 18.50

mission) CHUNK WHITEAlbacore Texas Carlos Asay bVi oz.—no salt added. $ 9.25 Texas South Dale G. Valentine

tuna.. oz.—fancy 18.50 12W H. Russell Gardner Uruguayan RealEstate American DESERET SUPPLY CO. Central Lorenzo States H. Wright West BOX 1111 fjl/\ORDER System Marketing a \rtY! 1 UJJApi Calif. Redlands, 92373 Nelo E. Rhoton Canadian Western 1LI mmwt ww<

Specialized Departments ( ResidentialCommercial- m The First Presidency announced

Farm & RanchEtc.) A. of Neal Maxwell as appointment Cactus Cookbook the The * Offices Utah Throughout

of In Education. Church Commissioner Specialities Mexican * Referral System Nationwide

* Tradein Service this assignment Elder Maxwell will direct, from Salt Lake City, the entire

CALL TOLL FREE $1.00 $1.00 Church education system, working

Rt. 1 Box. 82-A Elfrida, Ariz., 85610 under the Church Board of Education.

His duties will include the Church universities, colleges, and other schools throughout the world, and the institute

It is and seminary system. estimated 4871666 SHELDON P00N

in that enrollment the the worldwide DIAL DIRECT JEWELER \ \ I - 'i // is educational Church system 300,000. UTAH Jewelry Manufacturers

it Effective immediately anwas

Specialists Mail Order 1 -800662-5545 that of the of the nounced names many Available Service Buying California, Arizona, Wyoming,

Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, Shop #12 Chung King Arcade, G/F. missions of the Church have been

Idaho 3644 Nathan Road, Kowloon changed. The missions affected with

1-800453-4255 Tel:HONGK666447KONG the former name listed first, are:

or Call your Operator Cable: SPEUEWEL

Kong Box: P.O. Hong K1987 Street State South 3324

by Owned member LDS City, Salt Lake 841 15 Utah

AlaskanCanadian to AlaskaBritish West Central States—MontanaWyo- of localities: East Mill Creek, North

ColumbiaAndes—PeruEcuador mingWest Spanish American—West SpanCarolina,lina East, SouthSouth Carolina,Carolina West,South SouthCaroArgentine-—Argentina South ish America Salt Lake, and West Covina stakes.

Argentine North—Argentina North Western States—ColoradoNew MexThe First Presidency announced the Australian—Australia East ico appointments of two additional mission

Australian South—Australia South presidents: President Gardner Russell Australian West—Australia West At the same time, stakes with direcof the Caribbean District, Florida MisAustrian—Austria tional words preceding the geographical sion, to the UruguayParaguay Mission;

Brazilian—Brazil Central designation will have their names transPresident Nelo E. Rhoton of Flagstaff,

Brazilian North-—Brazil North posed, such as South Davis to Davis Arizona, to the AlbertaSaskatchewan

Brazilian South—Brazil South South. Exceptions are official names Mission. British—England East

British Central—England Central

British North—England North

British South—England

British Southwest—England South- "The Spoken Word"from Templewest

Square, presented over KSL and California—California Southwest The SysBroadcasting the Columbia Canadian—OntarioQuebec tem April 12, 1970. 1970. Canadian Western—AlbertaSaskatch- Spoken Word

ewan Central American—Central to us... happening If it were Central Atlantic States—NorthAmericaCaroRichard L. Evans BylinaVirginia

Central States—KansasMissouri answer to the question as to how crime could be eliminated from Chilean—Chile Inlife, anciently in Athens, Solon said, "[Crime] will be abolished when Danish—Denmark are not wronged feel the same indignation as those who East Central States—KentuckyTen- those1 whonessee are."We have heard the often quoted phrase, "There but for the grace

Eastern Atlantic States—Delawareof God am I."All of us could be there, under some circumstances—in

MarylandFinnish—Finland oneillness,to accident,save us. Andor underhow couldattack;weneedingignore help,the earnest,needingpleadingliterally someneeds

FrancoBelgian—FranceBelgium of others? How could we be indifferent to a real and desperate situaFrench—France tion? "The greatest sin against mankind/'said George Bernard Shaw, "is French East—FranceSwitzerland

not to hate them—but to be indifferent to them."There is much said German Central—Germany Central German North—Germany North in general, and seemingly much concern, about people and their probGerman South—Germany South lems, but too often much apparent indifference also in responding to

German West—Germany West the immediate and urgent needs of people personally—to the point of Lakes—IndianaMichigan refusing aid to the of others the with callous to come excuse sometimes Ireland GreatIrish—

It that to involved. want often a replay be is too of the Savior's we don't Italian—Italy

Korean—Korea parable of the man who was beaten and robbed and left for dead—and Mexican—Mexico several "passed by on the other side,"2 and pretended not to hear or

Mexican Northern—Mexico North see—but the good Samaritan is too often altogether missing from the

Mexican Southeast—Mexico Southscene. the of to words that us remind John "no Donne man We haveeast

just is an island,"isn't 3 and to us at because the something happening Mexican West West—Mexico

it others to are that same happens doesn't moment mean immune. we North Zealand New Zealand—New

North Central States—ManitobaMin- If a mad dog is loose, we can't know who might be bitten. We can't

nesota reasonably or safely be complacent about what happens to other peoNorthwestern States—Oregon ple. We can't safely assume that it isn't our concern. In a sense, what Norwegian—Norway all of those in trouble us, and be must

society. orderly not Pacific Northwest—Washington happenshelped if toweanyareoftoushavehappensa safetoand And we ought Philippine—Philippines forget the concern we would feel if what happens to others were hapSamoa n—Samoa Scottish—Scotland pening to us—and how we would wonder why others would turn

South African—South Africa away, and pretend they didn't see, and pass on the other side. "[Crime]

South Central States—Oklahoma will be abolished when those who are not wronged feel the same inSwedish—Sweden dignation as those who are."Swiss—Switzerland

Texas—Texas North 'Solon (638558 B.C.), Athenian lawgiver. Tongan—Tonga 2 See Luke 10:3037.

Uruguayan—UruguayParaguay 3)ohn Donne, in the 17th century Meditation.

Era, August 1970 57 TheLDS Scene

Karl G. Maeser was named

superintendent of Church schools. Since

then the position has been occasionally vacant. The name has been

changed to commissioner, then chancellor, and now commissioner again.

Brother Maxwell has had wide educational experience: political science

professor, dean of students, Church Commissioner assistant to the of Education Named president, secretary to the

The First Presidency Board of Regents, and has appointed Neal A. vicepresident in two

Maxwell, a Regional capacities at the University

Representative of the Council of Utah. He has been

of the Twelve and a bishop, YMMIA general executive vicepresident of board member, and the University of Utah, as member of the Adult

Church Commissioner Correlation Committee of Promised Valley Opens of Education. In this the Church. He has For the fourth consecutive year the colorful musical

position, Brother Maxwell, been active in civic Promised Valley will be presented nightly to under the direction of affairs also. tourists at the Temple View Theater east of Temple Square

the Church Board of in Salt Lake City. Scheduled to run until August 29,

Education, will direct the the musical tells of the Mormon pioneers. Two casts and

entire Church education an orchestra of 100 musicians will perform for system, including the an estimated 100,000 persons this season.

four major colleges Broadway baritone Robert Peterson and Becky Glade

Brigham Young University, will again take the leading roles.

Ricks College, Church College of Hawaii, and LDS Business College the vast seminary and "Woman of the Year"institute program, President LaVern W.

and an expanding system of Parmley of the Primary elementary and secondary Association has been schools, several of Insurance Executive named Woman of the Year which offer junior President Glendon E. by La Sertoma International,

collegetype instruction in Johnson of the Houston a service organization.

the Pacific, Mexico, and (Texas) Stake has been Sister Parmley was cited

Chile. About 300,000 named president of American for her "humanitarian

students participate in the National Life Insurance service to mankind not

Church educational system. Company, a firm ranked only in her community,

The educational post seventeenth among U. S. state, and nation, but

in the world."is not new—in 1888, insurance companies.

Californian Honored

Sister Nora Brown, president of the Relief Society in the Covina (California) Second Ward, has been honored as California's Young Mother of the Year. The wife of

Ramon H. Brown, she is the

mother of four children and

is also active

in civic affairs.

Acting United States Coach of the Year

Education Commissioner Robert Doerr of the Byron from Dr. Terrel (Ted) H. Bell (Wyoming) Ward and a The Temple"The SpokenSquare,Word"presented

of the Vienna (Virginia) seventies quorum presidency over KSL and the ColumbiaWard has been appointed member, has been honored Spoken Broadcasting System May acting U.S. Commissioner as "basketball coach of the 3, 1970. 1970. Word

of Education in the year"for District 7 of the

U.S. Department of Health, National High School Where are your children?

Education, and Welfare. Athletic Coaches Association. By Richard L. Evans

Formerly the department's For 16 years he has led 1 A /hat might be our thoughts and feelings if associate commissioner teams of the Lyman and \ / \f we should find ourselves face to face with for regional affairs, Byron, Wyoming, high V Vthe Lord and Master of mankind? Suppose

Brother Bell had been schools to consistent his steady eyes were upon us at this moment—and

superintendent of public victories. that we would know that he would know our

instruction in Utah and thoughts, our lives, our errors, our honest efforts, directed many innovations our innermost intent. Suppose today we were facing

during his tenure the just judge of us all, as someday we surely shall.

in the Utah school program. We know our own imperfections, or some of them

at least. We excuse ourselves often. We repent, sometimes sincerely—but then sometimes repeat the

errors of the past. Repentance has to carry over in

our actions to be acceptable, to be sincere. Suppose

he were questioning us as parents. One question he

would surely ask—a question we should always be

able to answer: Where are your children? What are

they doing? How are they living? What have you

taught them? How have you led them? What kind

of guidance have you given? What example? "My

Head Start Officer life is my message,"said Mahatma Gandhi. What

Vivian Halverson of Laie have our families seen and felt from us? What values

(Hawaii) Second Ward has have we instilled in their souls? Have we disciplined

in patience, with kindness, but with firmness been named regional them—

instill inCalifornia Mother training officer for the and with principles clearly defined? Do we

Of the Year Head Start Program in the them strength, standards; reverence; respect for law;

Sister Vera Calder Stratford convictions as to morals, conduct, commandments? Marianas, Marshalls,

of the Westwood Can we in good conscience account for our teaching, and Caroline Islands.(California) Ward was for our training—for the full effect our lives have

named California's had upon those whom God has entrusted to us? It

representative as the has been active in civic is a question that as parents we must sometime ask

American Mother of the and Church work; she and ourselves, and the earlier we ask it, the more likely

Year. The mother of five her husband presided over we shall have an answer that will lift and bless their

children, Sister Stratford the Northern States Mission. lives—and our lives also. Where are your children?

Era, August 1970 59 Buffs and Rebuffs

ScrapingPutty Knifetool No. 4652-B

Dr. Hugh Nibley Series

I wish to compliment the Era in carrying the fine series of articles by Dr. Hugh

Nibley on the Book of Abraham. I have

found them to be very interesting and thoughtprovoking. subnot a I was If You Have scriber Nibley Brother to the Era when

first began this series of writings, but became one quickly when I learned of the series. I am looking forward to reading more fine articles on this interesting

subject in future issues of Church publications.

Gilbert VaNoy Miller Famous sayings, Defrosting Division: Ripon, California

"Here's another you've fine scrape gotten me into."Word From France

"That's really scraping of the barrel."the bottom

"The great Escrape."I'm a BYU French major spending my

"One good scrape deserves another."summer working and taking classes here

"Everybody needs a scrape goat."in Grenoble, France. Our branch here is

"If you have to scrape it, scrap it."strong and growing so fast that we're all

These famous sayings will soon be extinct. ready to start on a chapel—18 baptisms

are super, this month! and members The Because when everybody has a modern friendships are to find. electric nofrost warmer hard

freezerrefrigerator, will defrosting be extinct. lots are of youth, to There babies from

cited interested in the Church. and Just Buy Her an Electric NoFrost teens and collegeage, and they are exthrill it is say to want to of a how much

FreezerRefrigerator getderfulyour—our—magazine.way to keep in touchWhatwitha what'swongoing on in the Church and to keep close

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. to the gospel.

Donella Brown Grenoble, France

The Term "Lamanite"

B. Brower, "Can Love Be Less

as delighted [May]. I was INTERLAKEN ESTATES PatriciaThanI haveThis?"just finished reading the story by

In Utah's Beautiful Heber Valley well as moved by her style and message, building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home but was disconcerted by use of the term "Lamanite."I have recently discovered

Interlaken Estates to that arrival to prior the the of Lehi Salt Lake minutes from 40 East 7th South 223 to that certainly subsequent Americas and City, Salt Lake Utah Provo minutes from 30 regdiverse quite peoples were Sir! Valley Heber Yes Mountains Those and date, golf great 18hole new A into ularly the "melting American golfing, attraction of boating, course within walking the swimming,

distance fishing, riding, pot."alone, skiing of the horseback In snowand Book Mormon

An attractive investment opportunity in an excitmobiling sound like part of my dream for there are more than just Nephites and future for complete relaxed living. Please Lamanites mentioned, some of which I'm

information. send me more extinction."sure survived the "Nephite Complete ing growthutilities-—electricity—water—sewagearea the

disposal Name Or at the very least, these other peoples

Year round activities in crisp mountain air survived in some form and intermingled

Address among the not so genetically pure popuTelephone collect 3640447 (Mon. thru Fri. 8-5)

Saturday and Sunday and after 5 p.m. in Salt Lake 485-*8990 City State Zip Code

in Provo 2252993..

WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

FIRST 100 FIRST 100 $5.75 MERCOTYPE GRAPH D $7.75MERCO $19.75?

plain Printed on finest—R,r—or paneled (thermography) Genuine steel die engraved Raised letters

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

Indians. of American Bylation not NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

Indians that the pure,genetically I mean certainly have more strains in them than Temples for your wedding stationery that of the Lamanite. Because of this and Over 60 styles from which to choose

other reasons, I've wondered why we including all the elegant vellums "Lamanite."continue to use the term

Warzeniak and finest parchments in silver George

Hays, Kansas gray and beautiful pastels. Also

informals, enclosures, thank you

We are informed by the Church Indian notes, at home cards, napkins,

Committee that the term "Lamanite"is photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

modern by the Lord inused extensively thescripture, term books, and many accessories. and consequently,

one. Inshould, satisfactory 10, a be D&C SATISFACTION WITH reOROER allit WILL is BE PROMPTLY the COMPLETEOR CONFIDENCE.MONEY behold, noted: "And,

CHEERFULLY REFUNDED.YOUR GUARANTEEDAND

this [Book Mormon] of workmainder of INVITATIONS WEDDING ALLTISSUED INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. INTO AND INSERTED all gospel parts those containdoes of my

which my holy prophets, yea, and also my disciples, desired in their prayers FREE Gifts with every order should come forth unto this people. And

I it should that said unto them, to their be FREE CATALOG accordinggranted unto them in their prayers; Yea, and thisfaith was and FREE

I gave whichtheir faith—that my gospel,

unto them that they might preach in their Etiquette Wheel their brethren unto mightdays, come the or (500 if airmail reall that alsoLamanites, and had become

Lamanites because of their dissensions."ZY\\ B* quested) credited on

(Vss. 4648.) your order.

Even though in DirC 3:1718 the Lord

subgroups, differentmentions Zoramites, Josephites, Jacobites,Nephites, such as M E R C U R Y Name throughout Ishmaelites,Lemuelites, and CO. PUBLISHING Address the Book and Covenants Doctrinethe and 139 3900 EAST SOUTH

the to general refers the Lord Mormonof City. State Zip CITY, 84107 LAKE UTAH beSALT have apparently all whobody—and

come associated with it—as Lamanites.

Hence, it is the thought of the Indian

Committee that the term is an honorable, accurate, and divinely aprespectful, STAKON one.proved Convenient

Space Saving Can Storage From Vietnam Saves Spoilage I would like to thank you for the influCansUses OldestRotate WithFirst Each Use

Era has had the that Improvementence STAK TO ANY HEIGHT in Vietnam are here guyson the who

All Size Rack For Cans Available of India Company withwith me. I am

the 7th Marine Regiment, and we are in Screws on to wall. Cans

the mountains southwest of Da Nang. load from top, rotate to

When I get an Improvement Era, it is bottom. NOTE how units

times that so rereadread many and it Church stackGroup Enquiriestogether.Welcomed three through as iflooks it has been

wars. It has raised many opportunities (STATE FRANCHISES AVAILABLE)

for me to use my missionary discussions, Holds 7 to 12 Cans Write for Information and a couple of guys are seriously studyPER UNIT ing the Church. One of the things all Postpaid STAKON INTERNATIONAL

isthe on guys comment read and the Box 17075 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 1-801561-0701 the of Youth. and SoEra from me

leathernecks of India Company, thank you very much. Elder Clyde E. Peterson "r Peerless accuracy... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

L/Cpl USMC, Vietnam IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

Aids in treatment of simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

JEWELRY COMPANY Speak You When HALL'S REMEDY Wells Bonnie Lee By City, Utah Salt Lake 42 W. 2nd So.. Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Telephone (801) 3221039When you speak I listen—vwwvwwvwwNot because you always say

what I tvant to hear, Everyone Needs It! $-$-$ - FUND RAISING - $-$-$

REQUIRED organizes anything SYSTEM FILING MONEY NO life isbut because a sermon, UNIQUE your alrar availability instant for FREIGHT - BIG PROFITS PAY WE to easy to Easy set up phabetizing. beyond—- 30 ORDERS DOUBLE CASE ON in. tunedand my heart's yet genealogists, for Best understand. BE RETURNED MONEY MAY YOUR -CANDY Satishousewives. writers, teachers,

stamped, and Send guaranteed. faction %\ CRESTLINE CANDIES

incomplete for envelope selfaddressed

City, Utah 84115 Salt Lake P.O. Box 15369, SysPiling Address: Unique structions.

Era, August 1970 61 tem #8,P.O.Bx.66l3,Portland,0re,97266. Phone 4873201

, /PR IDE SUCCESS STATEHOOD INDOCHINA TheseTimes CommissionerBy Dr. G. Homerand ExecutiveDurham Officer, Utah System of Higher Education

if there were or beyond the Danube, back to The President of the United Chief was accurate—

States, Richard M. Nixon, in anlarge sanctuarybases in Cambodia Rome. Despite Roman pride, a

nouncing the invasion of Cambodia that could be destroyed, and if by new invasion of the German forests on April 28, 1970, is reported to doing this Hanoi and the enemy could have shaken Italy to its have expressed determination not could thereby be rendered less foundation.

to lead the United States to its capable of prosecuting the war, Pride and unwillingness to be- "first defeat"in 190 years, and the war could be shortened, and come involved in something called to shorten the war by recognizing the President's previously an- "defeat"or "withdrawal"may geographic and military realities. nounced schedule of troop withwell be troubling the American Adin maintaining Cambodia had long served as a drawals could be realized—then ministration. Pride

sanctuary for the enemy. Opinions the Commanderin-Chief's decision and not diminishing American

have also been expressed that by is fully understandable. But Asia power is deepset in the politicalmeans of the invasion the Adminalso has unlimited potential for historical consciousness of Ameristration was trying to convince Communist guerillas. They can ica.

Hanoi, China, Russia, and the regroup and harass organized But this pride is not fully shared world that a great power can mainmilitary power indefinitely. by the members of the younger

tain a position of influence and not It is interesting to reflect how generation. The President, his adbe a "paper tiger."the pages of Tacitus might read if visers, and the citizenry may,

If the information available to television and mass media poured therefore, well consider some of the President as Commanderin- the events of his day, at the Elbe the following phenomena:

PEACE

DIP INTO MY BROTHER 1. The war, never popular, became bitterly disputed in Congress By Wayne K. Bullock

and the country as a whole after the Cambodian attack. The vocal,

articulate leadership of the domi- A new book of nant, northeastern American stuPoetry—by a

dent community moved to an new LDS Author antiwar, antiNixon position almost beyond reason. The Nixon

Administration has, therefore, to You will want to read these poems and wonder with depth probeconsider its future in realistic that Here is soul of man. very into the

terms. mature wisdom set to eloquent ex-

2. The American "presidenpression—with moral lessons so

tial"constitution (as it has beimportant to every Latterday Saint.

local bookstore your at Request remittance. with below couponcome) is a rigid one. Unless the orForsimplyyour copy—mail the

President himself and those comprising "the Presidency"keep it Carlton Press, Inc.

flexible and responsive to critical 84 Fifth Avenue, New York 11

Please send me copies of needs, changes at the top can PEACE, MY BROTHER & OTHER come once in four years. In EngPOEMS

is end ose payment P er CP* a\ BENNETT'S at $2.50land, the Cambodian affair could My

and packing postage, to cover (Please add 30c have provoked a policy debate in handling.) 1322 Colorizer Colors

the House of Commons. Possibly Name At Dealers & Stores Everywhere

the Nixon Administration, under Address the English system, would have City and State been replaced in May 1970 by a HumphreyMcCarthy-McGovernMorris Udall government. THE MOST JOYFULMuskieBYU STUDENTS:Were Mr. Nixon and Mr. Agnew to DAY OF YOUR LIFE

resign, it would bring the Speaker Looking for of the House to the Presidency, Free from under the present American systedious detail a Way Up?

tem. It is of more than passing

interest that Speaker McCormack's retirement was made clear in late

May. y 3. The prestige, citizen appreciation, and support for the

American national constabulary national pride in the Army, the Get a flying start... serve

Navy, the Marines, the Air Force America as a welltrained Air were at an alltime low in early Force officer. Consider

completing your education with

May. Although some recovery was a full tuition competitive

apparent in June, there were few scholarship. Enter the outyoung Spartan wives, mothers, or standing Air Force ROTC

sweethearts among nonmilitary program at BYU.

personnel in the United States, so High School Seniors Apply the provide gracious touch We far as the war in Southeast Asia of in elegance and charm our before November 15 for an was concerned. personalized assistance with your AFROTC College Scholarship.

reception arrangements. Take advantage of the

4. The discrediting of ROTC on opportunities awaiting you

the American campus is a serious CRESTWOOD VILLA in aerospace.

blow at the integrity of the Ameri6505 Highland Drive For further information write can national state. ROTC, the Salt Lake Citv. Utah today.

Phone 2789291 AEROSPACE STUDIES If no answer, call 4876116 or 4858880 Brigham Young University

Era, August 1970 63 Provo, Utah 84601

NOW!

ongoing, democratizing influence on the American armed forces, has been made a word of derision on many campuses. Propagandists

have made it to appear as something intolerable and without academic merit. It has become

known as "Rotcee"in campus conversation. Few articulate facYOU CAN ulty members have come to its

defense. All independent states

Prices LIVE IN emerge and live by their ability are LOW to "stand."Love and peace are

in Idaho wonderful. There is nothing more SALT LAKE CITY

wonderful among men. But men

at the Scoresgraved,of styles,all thethermographedaccessories. Buyor directDuraare not angels. America's citizen

manufacturleading from West's save and invitations. Rush armed forces are also wonderful mailorder wedding er of

orders shipped same day received! and necessary in a world of tigerNEWHOUSE shark states. Until the beautiful

Center of City words of Isaiah are realized (see

Overnight and Residential Isa. 2:4, 11:6-9), the necessity for

Free Parking Family Rooms Senddesired).for REXCRAFT,FREE catalog,Rexburg,samples (25cIdahoif airmail83440 defense will continue.

Daily from $8.00 5. In May 1970, not only Kent

NameState but also several prestigious

City, State, Zip. virtually closed in protest to Mr.MONTHLY RATE Address. universities of the Northeast were

$200. California,Nixon's CambodianGovernor invasion.Reagan reIn

quested temporary closure of 27 PRIVATE ROOM—BATH

ALL—MEALSMAIL FORandDETAILSSERVICES—studentscampuses,andpresumablyfaculty to "reflect"for the

on their responsibilities and AmerNEWHOUSE ican privileges; also, no doubt, to

4th South and Main Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 prevent holocaust and rage in

Name directions contrary to what the

Governor would recognize as "responsible"behavior by responsible

Address American students.

How does Mr. Nixon "bring us

Print Name and Address together"?

that I believe the domestic HELP!

of the matter is more aspect This is when your insurance man operation actual the serious than you. for make To to to work go has AIDSHEARING he's will, sure now he sure make If state Asia. the in Southeast allin- tiny, savings onHuge agent. insurance independent an ear, the behindtheear, it funcat firm can home, stands first is serve when to you His job models. Neweyebody andglass

so are models agespace We're help most. tiny you need state indetion if the does abroad. But closyour concealed welland any time. agents. Call us pendent even never friends mayest

its foreign not stand at home, TRIAL.notice. FREE HOME

Low down payment.No as $10 operations soon dissipate. And a guaranMoney backmonthly.

save. and direct Ordertee.

booklet. state stand without its and confidential catalog cannot free for todayWrite r/ Independent] you

, Houston, Tex. Box 10947, Dept. D-57PRESTIGE,

people's support. 77018. Insurance /agentFIRST a YOU SERVES

President Nixon and his adprobably have reexamined GENEALOGISTS CO. visers & J. GRANT price list of Free Xerox HEBER items. over 300 Military history. "defeat"may City Salt Lake General Agents, pictures copied 5c each. Genealogy copying

30c (each additional copy 5c; see page 5 sometimes be the means of vicof catalog). Mail orders welcomed.

STEVENSON'S CENTER GENEALOGICAL 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 64 Era, August 1970 230 West

Ifs where I Bramerel takes his car.

Bob Bramerel?

Bob's a businessman -and a That's where he fills up with Keep your engine running weekend race driver. Phillips RiteFuel, the performclean with FliteFuel and TropHis only preparations are a ance gasoline, and TropArtic Artie. You can get them now

tuneup, a little tape, and a Motor Oil, with its exclusive at The Performance Stopadditive. detergent keep They the Phillips 66 station near you. in atcheck The Performance Phillips At 66—clean his engine running

it's Phillips performance 66 station.Stopthe

and give him all the power that counts.

he needs. tory, or of survival, or of the futureEVERY DECADE CREATES welfare and health of a state. To

discontinue an unwise war can result in virtue and strength for A FEW BUSINESS the future. Let us consider the

following random examples:

1. The British were "defeated"OPPORTUNITIES WITH in the American Revolution, 17761783. This did not prevent the

rise, to great Victorian heights, of POTENTIAL FAR ABOVE the British Empire. The recent

decline of that empire, occasioned by withdrawal from India, Burma, AVERAGE Egypt, and Africa, has been due to

Business Training is Britain's tiny economic, island one of those rare opportunities base, in an age of giant continental and U.S., USSR, powers—the for the seventies

in relations China. Yet British

sophisticated in today's educacompetitive fast pace of world something demands The new lines tional for for Pakistan, India, and parts of salesmen the front the battle programs the where and managers—men on

profit is won or lost. Africa today are superior to AmeriWho will fill the need in your area? It could be you. ican relations in these areas.

If you are ready to take command of your own future...to trade your monthly salary for a

much higher income potential... to become independent... to build a valuable equity in a 2. Napoleon marched on Mosbusiness of your own.

Training with Business Institute.. then wein yourwouldarea.like to tell you more about the opportunities available cow in 1812 and was defeated.

Just let us know you are interested and we will send you the information you need to make "When we got there, the cupboard up your own mind about the BTI opportunity. At our cost, absolutely no obligation to you. was bare."The jungles of Asia

like to tell outstanding our would you about programs developed We in association with some could be a trap for extended field of the in the people most respected and education. of sales management

Also, you'll learn more about the support you can receive from one of the finest marketing American operations. Napoleon

ever division International teams assembled. a of Corporation, As Marketing offers BTI you the could have stopped at Warsaw. He

that has enviable written record aid of an of success. a company recruit you and We will help

train an organization of outstanding salesmen. National advertising and public relations procould have withdrawn to the Rhine.

grams plans complete management there to help assure... be your success.... constant telephone The Napoleonic State might have access to.. Home. professionalOffice personnelmarketing...plansall will

Can you think of a business that offers you greater potential than this? remained intact, and possibly

the slightest future, it to doubt about yourself If you have your to investigate you owe the could have been enhanced. Asia's

available us send with opportunities today. Or, the coupon BTI. Just wait to have if you can't

your questions answered, call personto-person collect for Jack McGaughy. (405)3642410. Busicapacity for absorbing tanks, heliness Training Institute, P.O. Box 790B, Norman, Oklahoma 73069. copters, and American treasure

far outdistances Napoleon's hazBUSINESS TRAINING INSTITUTE IE8—o ards on the Russian plains. Post Off ice Box 790 B

Norman, Oklahoma 73069 3. The Americans suffered pofree business opportunities send information Please about

I Institute. there understand is no obligation on my part. available with Business Training litical defeat and military embarNAME: rassment from Red China in the

ADDRESS: Korean War. Only an uneasy

CITY & STATE: ZIP: armistice, supported by world

TELEPHONE: opinion, and the smile and pres-

A division of International Marketing I/AIAjC Corporation tige of President Eisenhower saved I the Americans of 1953 from fully realizing these things.

HAND NOW AVAILABLE 4. American prestige suffered in response to many defeat from Castro at the "Bay of

a reissue of one of the requestsPigs"President under Kennedy;vKIPIIrEIC great books of the Church:

British Adjustable for i the from in the War of

FLOUR Treaty the of Ghent, 1812. The CRACKED WHEAT

wars, MEAL, GOSPEL Napoleonic Jackson's and CORN etc. \4

postwar victory at Orleans New.95 only $11 m STANDARDS by J. Grant President Heber pride. forgotour saved have We discounts quantity

Improvement Era publication An of ten the burning Washington.

Price is only $4.95 postpaid

Box 1111 Redlonds, Calif. 92373 66

.

HARMON KILLEBREW SAYS...

Sitting Bull defeated Custer at the "Are you getting enough protein?"

Little Big Horn. The postal workers nearly defeated the government in 1970.

There is an old copybook adage that says, "He who fights and runs POWERTEIN new energy replacement drink for active people!away,- may live to fight another is the

day."What is victory? What is defeat? Perhaps these concepts rePeople on the go want a quick meal without sacrificing good nutrition.

is great.. provides it. POWERTEIN POWERTEINquire redefinition and revaluation.

intake proper protein for maintaining

If President Nixon is to succeed in for control of weight "bringing us together"in 1970, for children, a guard against poor eating habits the task is much, n.uch harder for adults, helps maintain the pace of modern living

than when the little girl lifted up her "bring us together"sign duris 70% anhydrous protein ining the 1968 presidential election POWERTEIN campaign. If pride stands in the anypowderedliquid. form.It is POWERTEINsealed in one poundmixes easilycontainerswith

way of the strength, existence, (an average months supply for one person). Two

and continuation of the state, it delicious flavors—Chocolate and Wild Berry.

would seem that virtues such as Introductory offer only $3.00. An excellent

storage item. Case of 12 cans—$30.00. Write to

prudence, wisdom, forbearance, Killebrew, Inc., 2132 Richards St., Salt Lake

future strength, and national inCity, Utah 84115.

tegrity should also be reckoned

KILLEBREW INC.

along with pride. <> 2132 Richards St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

The American objectives in Indochina appear threefold: (1) to

preserve the national integrity and selfdetermination of several small states in that area; (2) in doing so,

to prevent the "rice basket"of

Southeast Asia from falling into unfriendly hands; (3) to extend a

system of communication, commerce, and enterprise, inherited from colonial days, to independent Ti'ilmiis Tlioiusr M status, and to extend it beyond the sphere of Russian or Chinese Tli..-'

hegemony. The European powers

of nineteenth were century the colonial their obQfili*M(fH to achieveable jectives in the area without extensive use of land forces. The United fifes 1States is now challenged to encourage, recognize, and support

this of nonregion as an area. f"c)o'* V|\ mm/is VliuvWtouoCn freecolonial, nonimperial, and!

independent states. To so encourage the states of Indochina, they

must themselves want their independence. They must also be

prepared to maintain it. Otherwise

they cease to be states and revert to dependencies. O

Era, August 1970 67 >The Christian

From the very first, the announcement of the latterday restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ has met with contempt from theologians and the scholarly world generally. Joseph Smith's claim that

the Church of Jesus Christ, in order to be genuine, must necessarily receive from God constant prophetic guidance was foreign to the traditional teachings of the Christian world. Hence, only a few have really

taken seriously even the possibility of a restoration. It

is not, therefore, too surprising that Joseph Smith's own prophetic claims either have met with a superior indifference among scholars or have been brushed aside as the works of a madman, or worse. The

typical reply has been that the Latterday Saint views on God and his relationships with man are far too crude and literalistic to be taken seriously. The new

scholarly posture toward the theological claims of the the restored gospel is that the Latterday Saint insistence on the necessity of prophets is merely a quaint and essentially harmless relic of the supposed nineteenth century frontier background of the Church.

No one really gets very angry with us anymore.

Who among the prominent theologians of our time would dare to take seriously the idea of living prophets and contemporary prophecy? Well, there is among

theologians a growing interest in charismatic ( that is, spiritual) gifts, and prominent in the list of charisms is the gift of prophecy. In addition, there is the frequent identification of this or that individual as a

"prophetic"personality. In this sense one finds occasional references, for example, to the "prophetic role"

of theologians like Karl Barth or Reinhold Niebuhr.

Such references might seem to indicate the felt need for specially gifted individuals to provide leadership and to offer social criticism in times of mounting tension and crisis.

But the really serious interest in prophets and prophecy is among Catholics rather than Protestants.

Clearly, a number of rather dramatic changes have

World Awakens to theNeed for Prophets

By Dr. Louis C. Midgley

Illustrated by Merrill Gogart

recently taken place in the Catholic world. What I

wish to show is that there is among toplevel Roman

Catholic theologians a growing insistence on the necessity of prophecy and prophets in that church today.

The typical stereotype of the Catholic world as "officially"opposed to all postapostolic revelation and as having firmly denied the necessity of prophets and prophecy is now false and out of date. The new

Catholic teachings do, incidentally, offer a powerful, though perhaps somewhat belated, vindication of what has been, from the very beginning, the basic position of the restored gospel. Who would ever have

thought that Catholics would now insist on post- 4-0'apostolic revelation and demand (their own word) </m prophets in the church?

In 1968 Avery Dulles, widely known American who, if anyone, has taken over the functions of the article theologian, entitled Catholic published an "The 3 and teachers?"1 reprophets Succession In this in the of Prophets Church."

markable essay Dulles, in his own words, now demands Dulles believes that the church now faces questions prophets in the church today. This demand is a result that only prophets can answer. "The current demand

of a vast movement within the Catholic world to refor prophets in the Church,"he says, "is due in part turn to the historical (that is, documentary) and to the revolutionary changes in our time. Under pain

of irrelevance the Church can no longer ignore the doctrinal sources of the primitive church.

"In the primitive Church,"Dulles believes, "the course of world history. The rapidly evolving secular

for culture of our puts questions to the day Church of ministry. different the word was exercised by

1 there solutions."are In a time which no readymade classes of persons, including apostles, evangelists,

teachers, and various charismatic figures. Among the of tension and crisis, Catholics now see the church and

charismatics, the place of highest dignity belonged to its influence fading before the march of secular the prophets.... 7/ the Church of today is the conculture; they also realize that the traditional manitinuation of the apostolic Church, one might expect to festations of Christian piety do not always or genufind in it persons having the same or equivalent inely reflect a deep conviction in the truth of the

gifts."- Now read the statement by Dulles again and gospel. The task facing the church, they now realize,

place special emphasis on the words "if"and "might"is one "calling for prophetic insight"; the issue at stake

(which I have taken the liberty of placing in italics); is a matter of nothing less than the life or death of

then the irony of Dulles'remark is better appreciated. the church.

Dulles continues in the same vein: "That bishops are Dr. Louis C. Midgley, first assistant superintendent in the

successors to the apostles [the old traditional view of Edgemont Fourth Ward YMMIA, is associate professor of political science at Brigham Young University. He has

Catholics] has long been an accepted Catholic thesis. long been a student of Protestant and Catholic thought.

But have we sufficiently attended to the problem of

Era, August 1970 69 Dulles argues that "the Church must contain prophets."His evidence for the proposition is drawn

initially from the scriptures. "According to Acts

(2:16f. ), St. Peter interpreted the miracle of Pentecost

as evidence that the whole Church was a prophetic community, animated by the Holy Spirit."5 Dulles

provides a description of the role of prophets. Let

me list the elements he mentions, while at the same time noting that his views are strikingly like those held by Mormons. (1) "According as the Spirit gave,

they would utter words of praise or condemnation;

they would summon to penance or to renewed hope.

The effects of prophecy are described as edification, encouragement and consolation (I Cor. 14:3)."(2),

Prophets "give more particular admonitions on the basis of what the Spirit teaches them."(3) The,y

proclaim "the further implications"of the gospel "id life and conduct."(4) They "speak within the Christian community."(5) They are concerned "with

urging, on the basis of an inspired insight, the course to be taken in the present concrete situation."(6)

They "not infrequently predict things to come, especially in the proximate future (Acts 11:28, 21:9)."

(7) And finally, Dulles adds that prophets differ "from the ecstatics, because they are not rapt out of their senses. They speak with full selfpossession in a language that all can understand (I Cor. 14:6-25)."

Next Dulles considers the question of the authority for the message delivered by the prophet. He indicates that, even though the prophet "claims unquestionable authority for his message,"it still is "subject

to critical scrutiny."This is a theme familiar to Latterday Saints. A seemingly prophetic message, he tells

us, "is to be rejected if it contradicts the Church's

Christological faith (I Cor. 12:3, I Jn. 4:2) or fails

to harmonize with orthodox teaching (Rom. 12:6,

according to one interpretation). But these doctrinal

tests, valid though they may be, are insufficient. Even

miracles are not a sure criterion, for false prophets are

able to deceive by signs and wonders (cf. Mk. 12:33 Dulles has made exactly the same point that Mormons

par). The good or evil fruits of the prophets'teachmake when they talk about the great apostasy.

ings are another sign (Mt. 7: 1523 )."7 In his discussion of the role of prophecy as seen

If these signs are not sufficient to test the genuinein medieval theology, Dulles has some rather harsh ness of an utterance, what then is needed to know if things to say about Thomas Aquinas. This is interwe are really encountering prophecy? Any Latteresting because until the last few years, St. Thomas

day Saint should be able to answer that question. One was held in the highest veneration by Catholics, and

needs the guidance of the Holy Spirit to know for sure his grand system of philosophical theology was looked if a message is really prophetic; one needs a charisto everywhere in the Catholic world for answers to

matic gift to discern prophecy. Put another way, only difficult questions and as an ideal pattern for theology.

a prophet can know a prophet, or, as Joseph Smith Thomism came the closest to being the Catholic expressed it, only with the spirit of prophecy can philosophy. But this is no longer the case. The label

one really know that Jesus is the Christ. "But the "Thomist"is now almost a dirty word in some Catholic

final assessment"of a prophet, according to Dulles, circles. 13 The chief objections to the Thomist treat-

"requires prudence and insight. The gift of discernment of prophecy stem from the "mental climate"in

ment is itself a special charism (cf. I Cor. 12:10). The which Thomas Aquinas worked. The practical result

entire community should normally play a part in the of the Thomist treatment of prophecy is that no role process of discernment (I Cor. 14:2933; cf. I Th. is given to prophecy "in casting light on what people

5:21; I Jn. 4:1)."8 should believe."11 The reason for this is quite obvious,

Dulles then considers some of the material on I might add, for Thomas wanted philosophy in control prophecy in the postbiblical literature. He begins by and not prophecy. When prophets must keep silent on

asserting that "the Fathers of the first two centuries questions of faith, then philosophers have a field day, took it for granted that the charism of prophecy was a but the gospel suffers.

permanent endowment of the Church."9 The evidence What has happened to prophecy in Catholic

employed by Dulles to support his conclusion comes theology since the Reformation? Dulles finds it to

from the Didache (nn. 1113), Justin Martyr's Diahave been "progressively demoted to the point where

logue with Trypho the Jeio, Irenaeus, and Miltiades it became regarded primarily as an intrinsic sign (quoted by Dulles as having claimed that the apostle validating the authority of persons claiming to speak

Paul believed "it is necessary that the charism of in the name of God. On this view, the content of

prophecy should be present in the whole Church prophecy was deprived of intrinsic interest."What

until the final parousia"). 10 this development meant is that less and less "atten-

"By the third century charismatic prophecy begins tion was paid to prophecy in the traditional sense of a to be viewed as a thing of the past. Origen in his disclosure of God's plans and purposes in history."

controversies with Celsus so treats it. 11 As the Church Finally, there developed "the view that prophecy was

becomes increasingly a society of law and doctrine, nothing more than the discharge of what they [the the magisterium and theologians gain fuller control theologians!] called the 'prophetic office'of the

of the ministry of the word. This trend continued in Church—an office which was identified, for all practithe middle ages, when prophecy fared best in what cal purposes, with the magisterium."15 This is an

Knox calls the Christian underworld."12 Of course, ingenious theory. Prophecy is not denied; after all,

Era, August 1970 71 prophecy is biblical. Instead, prophecy is swallowed quotes Hans Kiing: "A Church in which prophets

by the church, and thereby brought under control and have to keep silent declines, and becomes a spiritless made harmless. organization,"and then, Dulles adds, "its pastors

Dulles decries Cardinal Newman's role in developwould become mere bureaucrats. In such a Church

ing the view that the Roman Catholic Church is "God's men would be suffocated by the fumes of a decaying prophet or messenger"in the world. Of course, Newsacerdotalism."21

man's understanding of the church is derived from The entire passage from Hans Kung's monumental medieval corporate thought, and, as Dulles notes, book The Church is so very good that it deserves to be "one may question whether his view does justice to the quoted in greater length. "What becomes of a Church

full biblical concept of prophecy, especially as we find in which the prophets are silent? What becomes of a

it in the Church of the New Testament. From the Church in which there is no one who gives direct

standpoint of the 20th century, moreover, Newman's expression in words to the promptings of the Spirit, ecclesiology seems excessively monolithic and tri-.even if in a different form from the prophets in

umphal."16 Catholics, however, no longer picture the Paul's time; a Church in which there is no one with a

church in terms that permit them to think of it as conviction of his calling and responsibility to illuminate "God's prophet or messenger,"as Newman did. Inthe Church's path in both present and future in a

stead, they now label such views of the church as particular situation? A Church in which prophets have

"monolithic and triumphal,"both terms of severe to keep silent declines and becomes a spiritless opprobrium and condemnation in their theological organization. Outwardly everything may seem all

vocabulary. right,... but inwardly it will be a place where the

Dulles then turns to the role of prophecy in the Spirit can no longer blow when and where he wills, teachings of the Second Vatican Council. Actually, where the Spirit, given the smooth running machinery,

he has striven to mine the various decrees of Vatican is no longer needed and would be at best a disturbing

II in order to convince Catholics of the renewed interinfluence.... The pastors in the Church who do not

est of their church in prophetic selfcriticism. Much want to listen to the Church's prophets, who can inof what he finds in Vatican II simply restates the old deed no longer hear them because in the midst of all

idea that the church as a whole, whatever that means, their governing they have lost the knack of listening, has a prophetic function, though this idea is now may indeed quote the prophets of the past, now danexpressed, according to Dulles, "in an idiom more congerous no longer, as saints in their sermons, but they genial to our time."17 One new idea is added, howwill be so certain of possessing the Spirit themselves

ever, and Mormons will immediately recognize it as that they will boast of him rather than listen to him "every member a missionary"in Catholic jargon: and will give out their decrees, their regulations and.

"Christ, we are told, fulfills his prophetic office commands as coming from the Spirit. For all their

through the laity in so far as he made them his wittalk of the Spirit and service, they will be practicing nesses and gave them understanding of the faith and a form of rule in which power has replaced the Spirit, the grace of speech, so that the power of the gospel and ruling has replaced listening; their power, subtly

might shine forth in their daily social and family 'spiritual'though it may be, is open no less than seculife."Dulles adds, however, that "in spite of the lar power to being used in an absolutist, totalitarian or

biblical allusions, the view of prophecy here advanced even terrorist manner."22 ( It should be obvious who

seems only a pale reflection of the charism described and what are the targets of Kung's powerful verbal in the New Testament."15 Dulles maintains that "Vatiarrows. And is it any wonder that we hear of a

can II expressed the need for prophetic guidance."19 revolution in the Catholic world?)

The evidence for such a conclusion is the new selfThe New Testament makes it clear that Paul, for critical mood advanced by the Council, which actually one, had great respect for the gift of prophecy. "Subpermits honest appraisals of the past and present sequent history has shown that when prophets are

condition of the church, as well as encouraging the not given their say within the Church, they rise up,"frank admission of her sins and errors. Dulles maintains, "to condemn it from outside."23 But,

Dulles is not really optimistic about finding the have prophets ever really been given their say? Have

prophetic voice in the church. "Churchmen are althere been any genuine prophets since New Testament

ways tempted to suppress prophecy,"he tells us, "for times?

it is a disturbing element. By upsetting men's settled This is a serious question—one that logically follows

views and destroying their complacencies, it continufrom "the current demand for prophets in the Church ally threatens... the institutional Church. Yet,"he today."And Catholics have had to face the question.

adds, "the Church needs prophecy."20 Dulles then The answers have been various and are clearly quite

72 Era, August 1970 WRITE ORDERS WITHIN THREE MINUTES 2> YOU CAN <

MOST FAMILIES IN AMERICA

WOULD WANT THIS REAL LIFE

I *t CAST OF THOUSANDS NON SECTARIAN

OVER 2000 AUTHENNON DENOMINATIONAL EFFECTS TIC SOUND

ENDORSED BY MANY RELIGIONS ORIGINAL MUSIC Cueist SCORE BY COPENHAGEN SYMPHONY on records ORCHESTRA

MASTERPIECE FOR ALL AGES EASY TO START

After more than three years of dedicated efforts LOR Weeachshowday thereafter.you how toThisstartisearningaccomplishedfrom thethroughfirst dayourandprovenmultiplygroupyourpresentaresults

Productions announces the introduction of a unique tions which is outlined in our complete, detailed company training and conproduct distributed through a successful proven tinuous follow up guidance. From the beginning your time is devoted to 100%

merchandising program. profitto $1000.00time. perOurweek.distributors have shown proven earnings of from $700.00

CUSTOMER BROUGHT TO YOU Bank Ameri card,

No door knocking, no mailings, NATIONAL no telephoning, no advertising, etc. FINANCING

BANKAMERICARD MASTERCHARGE PRODUCT SELLS ITSELF WE OFFER THESE OUTSTANDING ADVANTAGES

Journey to Bethany is so unusual, so engulfing, so EXPENSE PAID HOME OFFICE CONTINUOUS TRAINING magnificent, that people become emotionally inTRAINING IMMEDIATE EARNINGS volved. It is just as if Jesus actually took you by the LIFETIME OPPORTUNITY NON COMPETITIVE PRODUCT

hand and said, "Come back 2000 years and relive the experiences of My life with Me."Would you go? PROVEN MERCHANDISING PROGRAM

JOURNEY TO BETHANY RECORDS

LOR PRODUCTIONS, INC., 318 Temple Bar Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio 45202

Please send FREE INFORMATION about opportunity available with the Journey to Bethany program. I understand there is no obligation on my part.

NAME

ADDRESS

This miracle can be yours by CITY STATE ZIP filling in the coupon today and getting started immediately. PHONE

unsatisfactory even to those who make them. A few observations are in order. First, there is a feelIf there should be prophets now to lead the church, ing of desperation about the whole enterprise. Once

is it not also true that there should have been prophets Catholics have decided that prophets are necessary, continually since New Testament times? To put the they have almost frantically started searching for them

question more bluntly, have there been any prophets in the past (in and out of the Catholic church). The

since the closing of the canon of scripture? Hans essay on Francis of Assisi mentions that he was a

Kiing has a confident reply: "The Church has never mystic and "heard"voices ( the "voice of God"and the

lacked prophets."What is his evidence? "Paul was author of the essay provided the quotation marks).-"

convinced that they exist in every community. If men But is mysticism (or ecstasy) the same thing as the

are willing to listen to them they will speak. 'Do not revelation we find in biblical prophets? I personally

quench the Spirit, do not despise prophesying, but do not believe that they are the same at all, and the test everything; hold fast to what is good! (I Thes. issues are usually not argued because they are not

raised. 27 However, it is now common for a radical distinction to be made between mysticism and genuine

prophecy. Of John Wesley it is said that he was a

"neat, trim little person"and really nice and a fine

Christian and many more things, but not a prophet, at

Intellectual Catholics least not in the biblical sense. 28 The essay on Ignatius

now ask: "Have there been ofmark:Loyola"To beginsbe quitewithfrank,theitfollowingseems farfetchedrather ironicto assore-

29 It turns any genuine prophets since theciatetitleIgnatiusof thisof Loyolaessay bewithtakenthe giftseriously?"of prophecy. Can

New Testament times?"outmuchthatof hisIgnatiusinfluencewas hasa deeplybeen ironic,misunderstoodand he wasman,not

nearly as bad as his reputation.

This entire enterprise of ex post facto prophet hunting is a depressing business, and even those who practice it do not show much enthusiasm for it. The

strategy seems to be simply to drop a few names—

almost any will do, especially if a few mystics are included—and then move quickly on to less embarrass-

5:1921).'"2t One could hardly think of a better way ing matters. If anyone thinks I have been unfair on

to misuse a passage of scripture than Kiing's referthis issue, I invite them to examine the literature.

ence to Paul. Suppose we assume that Kiing is in There are, of course, reasons why the efforts to locate

some way correct when he asserts that "Paul was prophets in the postapostolic period of church hisconvinced that they exist in every community,"but tory is such a depressing affair, obviously to be gotten let us qualify the word "community"by the words over as quickly as possible. As Avery Dulles has

"genuinely Christian,"for certainly Paul was not shown, the theologians, in league with the church, asserting that every and any "community"has prophets since at least the second century have been busy—only that genuinely Christian communities will have suppressing prophecy and denying its continued

them. necessity. Certainly it is possible that various indiNow, if we assume that a church in order to be viduals throughout the centuries have been instruthe Church of Jesus Christ must have prophets, we ments in God's work, but a genuine prophet needs to

are leaving open and unanswered the factual question believe in prophecy and know something of his own of whether any particular church is actually the Church calling. It hardly makes sense to call a prophet of God

of Jesus Christ. Kiing's assertion is true if one grants a man who spent his entire life rejecting the very idea

that the definition of church must include prophets. of prophecy, or denying that God either could or

Otherwise it is an empty statement and as such it would reveal anything to man, or claiming that God does not answer the sticky historical questions. has said already everything to man that he intends to

In 1968, a full issue of Concilium 25 was devoted to say. This whole business of pawing through biograan attempt to answer the question of who have been phies of churchmen, hoping to discover an unsuspected

the prophets in the history of the "church."There are prophet, strikes me as a lockingthe-barndoor-after

included articles on Ignatius of Loyola, Francis of type enterprise.

Assisi, John Wesley, Cardinal Newman, and others. But what about the socalled "Christian under74

ground,"and what about the present? The issue of creative although their activity is admired by all."

Concilium devoted to "Prophecy"concluded with an But it is inaccurate to lump the restored gospel toessay, entitled "Prophets in the Secular City,"which gether with the Adventists, Jehovah's Witnesses, and addressed these issues. The first suggestion is that Moravian Brethren and then conclude that all these

apparitions like those at Lourdes, Fatima, and Ban- "splinter movements""cling to tradition and can only neux may include a prophetic element. But there is see the future as a menace."This may be true of the

much scepticism about these apparitions among other movements, which strike me as religions of the

Catholic theologians. 30 The 'second suggestion is that book (and not selfconsciously prophetic at all), but

individuals like John XXIII, Soderblom, and Maximus it is not true of Mormonism, which, rightly or wrongly,

IV were prophetic in that they were not satisfied with claims to be a prophetic community not bound by the present and wished "to build up the future."31 tradition and in no way fearful of the future precisely

The third suggestion is that individuals like Karl Barth because of the strong apocalyptic element in Mormon or Dietrich Bonhoeffer were prophetic in that they prophetism.

strove to force men to face up to their own responsibility for the future by recalling "man from every form of idolatry...,"32

"Prophets in the Secular City"rejected the idea of a "God who already knows that whole future and for those Instead,prepared it him."serve the who

+UL f 1 d +I restress individuals "ruI '1 c 1 1 U 1 1 y lbprophetic those are man's who sponsibility future, for the for "the true prophet whole 33 U ItltO'+ + h I'COITie +110 lOOK of his responsibility."deprives In this wnen, PainOIICSnever man

sense, the prophetic is contrasted with the apocalyptic. r r i

-which is flatly rejected. It is claimed that the tneiT past TOT Signs OT prOpneCy,

apocalyptic seer offers a picture of the future that + u Q nlx/ thin/ presumably is determined in such a way that it is Y y to reponsiofimpossible speak meaningfully human '+ h for +utneV hnaVe COITie Up WITHbility; but that the "prophets"must be sure we

those we find will be optimistic social activists who. />

are ready to build the future, and not seers who IS mys UC!SITl

attempt to tell us of God's plan and our potential place in his future—such a view would rob man of his

responsibility. The issue of "responsibility"is clearly

phony. The question is simply and solely whether the It seems to me that Catholics have come to long

message is genuinely prophetic; that is, can we find for prophets because many of them now see the future

someone who speaks for God? So it seems that in as a menace. "It is significant,"write the editors of

some cases the demand for prophets is the demand Concilium, "that the Israelites began to doubt salvafor safe "prophets"who will not say unexpected tion history when there were no more prophets: for

things. then there is no more future. True salvation [or faith]

The editors of Concilium say that it would "be inis no longer present when one feels threatened by teresting to examine how strong the apocalyptic eleannihilation. The abandoning of [the Catholic Church]

ment [i.e., revelation] is in such sects as the Mormons which we experience at the moment, particularly the

who started under Joseph Smith as a prophetical abandonment of ecclesiastical office, might well be movement. They want to restore the Church of Christ due in a large part to the scarcity of prophets."35 This

but have become isolated from Christianity and have is a rather significant admission, and it includes a ended up as the tightly organized embodiment of the profound insight. In an issue of Concilium devoted to

People of God and the primitive Church."34 From the locating some prophets in the church's past, now that

Mormon point of view, the description is, as far as it they have come to realize after all these years that goes, quite accurate. The criticism seems to be that, they ought to have had some, the editors, turning to

although once the Mormons under Joseph Smith were the present, see the current predicament of the church a genuine prophetical movement, they are now merely (the threat of annihilation! ) as evidence of the scarcity

a splinter movement "whose fanaticism quenches of prophets in the church. What they started out to

prophetic power and whose idealization of the past show they have ended up denying, blocks the way to the future. They are not really There is one other issue that I wish to examine. Is

Era, August 1970 75 the current Catholic demand for prophets to lead, inJesus Christ and as such all public revelation ceased struct, and admonish the people of God evidence that with the death of the apostles and the closing of the they are now willing to grant the possibility of divine canon of scripture."This is much like the common

revelation outside the Bible and since the death of Protestant view that Jesus Christ was God's one and apostles? After all, some evidence has been presented only revelation.

to show that part of what Catholics mean when they Catholics have not closed the door on postapostolic demand prophets in the church today is merely the private revelations, but they have argued that all subdesire to have intellectuals reform the church in ways sequent or postapostolic private revelations do not that may appear to make it seem relevant to the in any way add to the deposit of faith. The Bible and

secular world. tradition constitute the final, finished body of ChrisThe entire question of the relationship of prophecy tian teachings. God does not and cannot add anything

to revelation has been examined by Karl Rainier, perto his own final selfdisclosure. It is at this point that

haps the leading contemporary Catholic theologian. Rahner presents views that are fundamentally at odds

Rahner makes it clear at the outset that prophecy (or with the traditional teaching on revelation. While not

prophetic vision ) involves the revelation of the person, challenging the traditional view of the onceand-forwill, and mind of God. "We meet such revelations in all character of the public revelation, Rahner does

the Church of the apostolic period, where they are insist that there should be postapostolic private considered a normal concomitant of the possession of revelations that teach the church something. Rahner

the Spirit, and thus as a permanent gift in the Church, thus grants the possibility that prophets may—he

however, secondary in comparison with charity...."30 actually feels that they should—be around today leadThe revelatory phenomena recorded in the scriptures ing, instructing, and admonishing the people of God.

are not the end of all revelation, for "the possibility He insists that the foundation of prophets in the of similar manifestations occurring in subsequent church is given in the scriptures and that the church

Christian history cannot,"Rahner argues, "be denied needs their work—"labour as theorists may to prove

a priori and in principle."37 He then puts the matter in that we already know without the prophets everything

the strongest possible language: "Therefore, anyone that they announce"42—in order to justify not taking

who absolutely rejects the possibility of special revelatheir message seriously.

tions offends against faith; and anyone who denies Rahner insists that "orthodox [Catholic] theology

that they may occur even since the apostolic age offends has never paid any serious attention to the question against a doctrine which is theologically certain. whether there are prophets even in postapostolic

There is nothing further to he said on the matter."times, how their spirit can be recognized and disHe adds the interesting observation that anyone "who cerned, what their role is in the Church,"what their

wishes to be a Christian must ask himself whether he relationship is to the hierarchy, or what their mission does not live in dispositions which a priori exclude such is for the life of the church. "But if prophecy has

revelations from God; and whether he does not seem always existed in the Church, if there may be danger

to believe and approve of the visionary events in of the Spirit being 'extinguished,'then a theology of

Scripture only because he is used to them, but not prophecy would not represent thought devoted unbecause they would not instantly rouse him to rationnecessarily to something which could well exist and alistic protest should he encounter them for the first operate without it, but a precaution lest the Spirit be time."39 extinguished and lament be raised: iam non est

A distinction is made by Rahner between ( 1 ) pubpropheta (Ps. 74:9)."43

lic revelation, namely, "Christ God's final and definiRahner finds the traditional Catholic theology of tive revelation and selfdisclosure,"and (2) what he private revelation both false and responsible for the calls either "special revelations"or, more often, private depreciation of prophets in the church. The old

revelations. The term private revelation signifies, for Catholic view "is too negative; solely on the basis that

Rahner, "prophetic visions,"which he distinguishes public revelation is at an end, later revelations are from "mystical visions.""Prophetic visions are those called 'private'in a purely negative sense, and thus

which... induce or commission the visionary to adit becomes impossible to develop a strictly theological

dress his environment and ultimately the Church with theory of the significance and necessity for the Church a message, instructing, warning, requiring something, as such, which, however, they doubtless have. The

or foretelling the future,"while mystical visions inrudiments which Scripture provides for a theology volve only the personal life of the visionary.40 The of the prophetic element in the Church and for the

traditional teaching of the Catholic Church is that Church are not properly developed. Indeed, it can

the public revelation was God's own selfdisclosure in be said with but little exaggeration that the history of

76 Era, August 1970 P.O. Box 2125

Beaumont, California 92223 Inc.SAMANDY, The Incredible MiniMoisture Foods Free Cook Book

[ With Each Unit BASIC UNIT FOR $209.00 PREPAID

basic unit This stored. It for those already was designed have provides wheat who

It variety of nutritional to prevent fatigue. food appetite the minimum contains 3 x $209.00 = $627.00 or

flour) servings for a or (if you have enough wheat family of five for four months. $627.00 t 5 - $125.40 per person for a year's supcarton. in convenient, cans, No. Ten It is packed 6 per

A Stabilired Storage Atmosphere introduced as packed is your assurance that ply of these particular items or less than 12c per the maximum freshness, nutrients, and distinctive flavor of these natural Miniperson per meal.

Moisture foods will be maintained without refrigeration or rotation.

Write for free display and demonstration

PACKAGING to nearest representative

SERVING G. Wesley DANA, THOMPSON, C. W. NET NO. ITEM OF PER P. Box 86 CCH O. S. Hobson 529 WEEK"WEIGHT CANS NO. FOOD GROUP ITEMS Laie, Hawaii, Oahu, 96762 Ariz 85201 Mesa,

FRUIT Telephone 2935122 Telephone W044863

E. DAVIS, Guy John YARDLEY, 101 Apple granules 1 2.50 lbs. 9 Circle 10424 Owl Greenville, Ut 84731

102 Apple slices 2 3.50 s TelephoneFountain Valley,9683294Ca 92708 Telephone 4385671 CHRISTENSEN, Wm.

105 Prunes, whole pitted 1 3.00 4 TUCKER, David 706 Columbia Lane

106 Raisins 1 4.00 3 Sacramento,P.O. Box 7273Ca 95670 TelephoneProvo, Ut 846013739608

107 Fruit blend! 2.50 5 Telephone 6355068 HARRIS, Fielding

17, N. Hwy. Box 204

Ut GRAIN 4271JUDD,CaminoDeanPaz 354Hurricane, 84737

Ca La Mesa, 6352997 92041 Telephone 3 13.50 23 201 meal Corn

4696732 Telephone Leo HOLLINGSHEAD, 15 8.25 quick 3 Oats, 202 Bill PIER, State St. South 2370

203 Rice, long grain 3 16.50 16 3634Inglewood,W. 107thCa 90301 SaltTelephoneLake City,4871735Ut 84115

205 Spaghetti, elbo 2 7.50 1 1 Telephone 6721649 BYBEE, R. L.

Sf. S. 2nd HAYMORE, Millard C. 2645 208 Popcorn, yellow 1 5.50 3 8333 Pocafello, Petunia Way Idaho 83201

PROTEIN Buena Park, Ca 90620 Telephone 2332226 5225424 Ron WARTH, 301 Egg solids, whole z. 6.00 7 Telephone Richard 1821 Vista Ave. MORGAN,

302 Milk solids, nonfat 24 54.00 59 4279 Penn Mar Boise, Idaho 84700

El Monte, Ca 91731 Telephone 3440723 307 Chicken chunks 3.25 2 Telephone 4482827 BURRELL, John B.

351 Beans, red 5.00 6 HEMINGWAY, Robert 9012 Haines Ave NE

2404 Elton Albuquerque, N.M. 87100

352 Beans, white GN 5.00 6 Bakersfield, Ca 93300 Telephone 2965145

355 Peas, green split 5.00 6 Telephone 8718734 COLE, Charles K.

SWENSON, Lon 4355 Butler Circle

VEGETABLE 1313 Acadia Boulder, Colo. 80303

401 Cabbage dices 1.25 4 TelephoneSanta Susana,5262780Ca 93063 Telephone 4442440 TURLEY, Walter

402 Carrot dices 3.75 7 PITCHERREYNOLDS P. O. Box 2183

1340 Miette Way El Paso, Tex. 79902

403 Corn, sweet 4.00 5 Sunnyvale, Ca 94087 Telephone 5323156

404 Peas, garden 2.75 6 Telephone 7365198 FRISBIE, C. Dale

NIELSEN, Margaret E. 1350 Ledlie

405 Potato granules 4 24.00 41 P.O. Box 1731, Spokane, Wa Springfield, III. 62702

406 Potato dices 2.00 3 TelephoneMoses Lake 7656939Rt. 3 Box 88 Telephone 5440149 O'BRIENBAIRD

Box 364 407 Tomato flakes 1.75 6 EASTMAN, Vaughn P.O.

409 Celery, stalk 1.00 5 Tacoma,6711 VickeryWash.Ave.98443E. MorrowTelephone(Atlanta),4748294 Georgia

412 Onion slices 1.75 4 Telephone LEI -5971 STEPHENSEN, W. A.

TOTALS 60 187.00 lbs. 264 | 5108SKOUSEN,Alta Dr. Larry 440SatelliteNorwoodBeach,Ave.Fla 32935

Vegas, Las Nev 2624781 Telephone if Flour options available not either. and wheat have you do now 8702741 Telephone Karl G. TIPPETS, to flour or need provide to or servings per more wheat enough You 156 week Clair GILLIS, Avon 2209 Glen the servings family per per meet week. recommended 420

St. 14th Del 420 Willmington, 19808

list this All of subject are provisions to notice. This withou t or withdrawal change 89431 Sparks, Nev Telephone 9988226

sheet, thereof, in or parts form. not reproduced be any may 3585671 Telephone

Please send me Basic Units LANE, James, 843 W. 3600 S. Bountiful, Ut. Telephone 2955923

My check is enclosed for June ERAForPagefurther105 infan dormationApril Issuesee Page 77

Allow three weeks for delivery

mystical theology is a history of the theological detive and interpretation of the future; but at the same

valuation of the prophetic element in favor of nontime they will be concrete and timely imperatives for prophetic, 'pure,'infused contemplation. People are our day...,"4! It appears that the key is to be found

... more suspicious of prophetic mysticism, which in the meaning of the phrase "essentially new,"which

invokes revelations and instruction from above to... is obviously, as it stands, a wholly ambiguous expresadmonish and guide the Church and her members, sion. Clearly he wants the church to be open to

than of the imagefree, ineffable mysticism of pure revelations from God, but he does not want to encontemplation."courage the idea that some new word will change

Mysticism, as Hugh Nibley has shown, has always everything. Certainly Mormons do not expect revelabeen a relatively safe substitute for the disturbing tions that would "substantially alter"the gospel, nor

influence of genuine revelation. It has been tolerated do they think of their prophets as having advanced an

because it functioned as a safety valve and as glossy "essentially new"gospel. What God reveals to his

ornament of piety. Further, the unsuspecting could be prophets is the gospel, but only in that degree and in

made to believe that the charismatic gifts were presthat form which is appropriate and meaningful to man ent in the church because it was possible to point to in his concrete historical situation. The point that

a few picturesque mystics, and the selfproclaimed Rahner wishes to make is that "even in these last times ineffable quality of their experiences meant that they there are [or at least should be] revelations of God, hardly represented more than a minor inconvenience not only to individuals as such but also to the to the official theology. The irony is that, when Church...."4r>

Catholics come to look into their past for signs of The one question that Catholics have not as yet prophecy, the only thing they have come up with is faced up to is the question of whether the church, mysticism. during all those years in which it was busy denying

Just exactly what does Rahner think God may inboth the necessity of revelation and the possibility of clude in private revelations that might be of signifiprophets, has not lost the fullness of the gospel. The

cance to the church? What else is there for God now message of the restoration is that the gospel cannot be

to reveal? The traditional answer to this question was recovered simply by reforming the tired old church.

that there is really nothing left for God to reveal. If With the new openness to prophecy and revelation,

that is true, then we really do not need any postperhaps Catholics will now begin to employ a new apostolic prophets to whom God reveals something. tactic and ask genuinely about the possibility of the

However, Rahner thinks that there should now be restoration of the gospel through prophets, seers, and prophets and that the people of God really do need revelators. With the changes that have recently taken

what God has to give them. But what is it? Postplace in Catholic thought, perhaps we should not

apostolic prophecies, Rahner concludes, "will tell us rule out the possibility of even more dramatic and nothing essentially new beyond the scriptural perspecfruitful changes in the future. O

FOOTNOTES

i G as 1523. Ibid. Prophet,"International Loyola in the there always pp. be hands must An

i so cit., 7 op. Ibid. Karl as Rahner, See prophetic vocation a Vol.Reviewi Concilium: of Theology, Church pp.

1.". critical 8 3 Iff., for Ibid. a Visions well. commentary. Karl Rahner,ber Burns 4 (London: &4, Oates,Num-

i a 31 Ibid., the Secular "ProphetsApril 2832. and p. 31. York: Herder and Prophecies. The 1968), pp. (New

American edition is entitled Con- & Herder, 1963), p. 28. 20 Ibid. City,"Concilium, Vol. 7, Number

21 Ibid. JOCf. Nibley, 4 (September 1968), pp. 6668. Worldcilium: Theologij in the Age of The Hugh

22 edition; 32 Ibid., p. 67. (second theRenewal. Hans Kiing, The Church Prophets and

2 Ibid., p. 28. Salt Lake City: Deseret Book Com- (New York: Sheed & Ward, 1967), 33 Ibid., pp. 67f.

Ibid., 3 433f. Ibid. pany, 23f. p. 69. 3, pp. 1962), pp.

23 a35 4 cit. Ibid. ) cites Origen's 1 Dulles Ibid., p. 31. ( loc. Dulles, op. cit., pp. 3 If.

5 24 Ibid., Kiing, op. cit., Contra VII, 11. Cf. Nib- p. 28. Celsum,

fi cit., 25 Ibid., op. Concilium for Origen, ley's treatment of all seven items. (London:p. 434.Burns & 3637 KarlIbid., Rahner,p. 15f. op. cit., p. 16.

7 Ibid., p. 29. pp. 4, 36f., 6872. Oates, 1968), Vol. 7, Number 4. 38 Ibid., p. 16. ( Italics added.

8 Ibid. 12 Dulles, op. cit., p. 29. 2G Giulio BasettiSani, "Francis 39 Ibid., p. 17.

9 Ibid. "It should not too read13 See, e.g., the discussion of of Assisi,"pp. 6-14. j Ibid., pp. 16f.

ily be assumed that the prophetic Thomism in George Tavard, The 27 See Nibley on "Prophets and 41 Ibid.. p. 19.

42 Ibid., 21. privi89ff. charism op. a transient Mystics,"Pilgrim p. only was Church Her- (New York:

i 28 3 Ibid. of the lege primitive Wesleyder Rupp,cit., pp. Herder, Church."Gordon "John pp. 22f. And 1967), &

i 44 Ibid., cit. p. 2429. (Italics added.) office 106. loc. side "side the Christian Prophet,"with pp. by r,(Dulles, i 45 Ibid., 29 24. of "St. of p. Ignatius transmitted Peters, Ibid. the imposition by Wim

End ofan Era

The man most likely Sign in optometrist's window:

the truth isto use one who seeks "Eyes examined while you wait."LifeAmong itto to understand and

appreciate its value in When you covenant in theMormons—Presidenthis oivn life.Paul H. Dunn inmarriagethe creationand areof freelife, to act The San Bernardino Stake

when you stand at the threshold holds its girls'camp each "What are you doing here?"of parenthood, know that you year in the nearby San

a policeman asked a man stand on holy ground. Bernardino Mountains. I

for two years—pacing the sidewalk at—Elder Boyd K. Packer have gone

two o'clock in the morning. and each time have been

"I forgot my key, officer,"Success is when you have sent to the infirmary. When

yawned the man, "and your name in everything I told a friend my illness

I 'm waiting for my children but the telephone directory. had been diagnosed as

.to come home and let—Farmer's Almanac altitude sickness, she

me in. "exclaimed, "Well! What are

Nowadays it seems that you going to do when you people who make up the upper get to the celestialThe recent bride was crust are the ones who kingdom?"proudly showing a friend make the top dough.—Debbie Coleman,

her gardenthe first she'd San Bernardino, California ever had. The friend,

noticing several small "For goodness'sake!"

a surprised wife exclaimed to her The first night I served asclusters at the end of the husband. "Why are you MIA organist, I became veryplot, asked what they

were and was told taking a suitcase this morning? embarrassed after playing

Are you going away?"a song written in threethey were radishes.

replied. the "No,"husband

flats own goofedup in my"How interesting!"

"But I heard you talking version. twosharpcommented the friend.

about the ward having a Flustered, I started to"Most gardeners plant them rummage sale, so I'm taking my apologize, but the choristerin rows. ""They do?"down to the office sympathetically said, "Don'tpuzzled the bride. "That clothes

until it's over."worry about it, Youseems strangethey

always come in bunches were still closer to the

The more perfection right pitch than theat the store.

anything has, the more active congregation."

and the less passive it is—Karen Whittaker,

The man who holds the and contrariwise, the more Midvale, Utah ladder firmly at the bottom active will it is, the more perfect anecEra""End of humorous pay $3relatefor to that experiences dotesis about as important life. of length Saint the150Latterdaywords. Maximum andwayan as the it becomes.

man at the top.—Spinoza

Era, August 1970 79::v&5ASfl8&S&

Everytime you turn around American Western Life grows on you!

Now admitted to do business in CAB

GROWTH... That's a key idea at American

Western Life. American Western has been

called "Utah's Fastest Growing Insurance

Company"—and with good reason. Last year,

American Western was Utah's leading producer of ordinary life insurance.*

Now, we've grown again, and American

Western's policies, and career opportunitiesare soon to be introduced in the State merican of California.

AMERICAN WESTERN LIFE... A growing Western

company to serve a growing West. LIFE INSURANCE CO.

We make living a lot more fun.

*From annual statements on tile with the Utah State Insurance Department. 247 South 5th East, Salt Lake City. Utah 84102

The Latterday Saint Family 261x

Brigham Young University Home Study Dept.

Provo, Utah 84601 Please send me additional information on the new family education services:

Name

Address.

City.

State.

Zip... 8/70

.!

Principles of Child Guidance—312x Marriage & Family in American Society—403x

Five outstanding Home Study courses have been prepared to assist you in the rearing of your family, both temporally and spiritually. Each course

will help you to gain new and greater

Family fun, facts lengesinsight intoof familythe problemsliving inandtoday'schalworld. Now as a husband and wife,

you can study and learn together in and fascination the convenience of your own home.

this family growth series. through BYU Home Study Write today for more information on

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, HOME STUDY 1 DEPARTMENT, BYU\ PROVO, UTAH HOMF 84601 STUDY ad; Idaught

Regardless of how you want to accumulate funds for a mission, First Security Bank can help you as it has helped thousands of others.

Each family's requirements vary, but we at

First Security have the "know how"to tailor a plan so that you will receive maximum interest.

We hope you will come in—whether your

savings plan be long or merely for a short period of time.

First SecurityBank Member First Security Corporation System of Banks

RESOURCES OVER ONE BILLION DOLLARS

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association.

First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association.

First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming.

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.