'I*|;W: Hffl

v0<;XWi T-: "'":-?:--S\.V---:- '"; v: -::-iiJ: hrjt.:

: 'ri"\-s'y iH

"i

NOVEMBER, 1932 Return Postage guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah SaveforafunnyDay the FirstSecurity Way

Hold that Mod It takes more than back field brilliance to win the game against strong opposition. A

line that can hold is needed.

Just so in every day business competition—it takes more than brilliant earning ability

to carry one through to the goal of financial independence. A strong line of defense in the form of a First Security Savings Account is essential.

Build up a Sunny Day Fund—a savings account with us, equal to at least six months

earnings—and be prepared to score consistently.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO.

Salt Lake City Ogden Logan FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. FIRST SAVINGS BANK ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Salt Lake City Ogden Idaho Falls, Idaho

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett, Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Hailey, Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyoming; Provo, Bingham, Magna,

and Richmond, Utah.

Segttf mpmmm Largest Intermountain Banking Organization wifj;M jjrai

PThe /Jmprovemeriti and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family

JESUS, the Master, Joseph EDITORIALS the Smith, Latof the Prophet Merrill 2 Will R. Harrison What Thanksgiving Tell You This Year?

ter will be Days, Christmas and.. -..: 3 Brandtey Silver Linings Elsie T.

featured in poem, article, and story in the Christmas Number of ARTICLES

The Improvement Era. Gain the Depression be Cured? Joseph F, Merrill 5

> > A The Frontispiece (Painting by J. T. Harwood) Alice Merrill Home 6

Hinckley S. in Greatness Andreas Widtsoe Bryant Joseph Smith exercising Men—JohnTX7AS

1 Activities Extracurricular Dr. of In Defense George Thomas prophetic * * unusual powers J. 14 Coodspeed Salesmanship - Edgar Age of The

when he predicted the opening of The Return of the Leonides...... Wayne B. Hales 16

the Civil War? Elder Charles A. Internationalism and the Future Christen Jensen 20

Callis, for many years president of Stake Presidents and fa Bishop Discuss Tithing 23 the Southern States Mission, anOur Great National Bird. Margaret C. Moloney 29

P. "Even Hidden Treasures"'....—. 1 in an article in the Decemswers

Elsie Glancing V.'."BrandleyCardon 3735 Through Tber number,

> > > Lights and Shadows on the Screen 40

T\R. JOSEPH F. MERRILL, FICTION

- twelfth member of the QuoThe Gift Horse J Ruth Hunt 12 rum of the Twelve Apostles, will A Home for the Family—.. Josephine Dahl 19

....:.. Cristel Hastings 26 Prunes Poetry and concluding of the the subjectbe

. Isabel of Gift Neill 27 Water

in S. HinckThe President B.sketch

series hasley's interesting which POETRY of all of theincluded members the October.. -, Emily Clowes Burke 19

First Presidency and the Quorum Scars Rose Liechty 26 of the Twelve. This series has God's Children -: 1 -Lee Berry 28

added a biographical library to the Companion, Wesfon N. Nordgren 39

literature of the Church that will Gratitude | -. -. - Linnie Fisher Robinson 39

be of untold value in years to The Gentle Art of Eating. Jack Falk 39

Inimitable Alberta Christensen 39 H.come.

, Fathers Foster Bess Smith 39........ Twilight 39 Rosann<ah > > > AtBragging Cannon

A /TANY athletes yearn for the New Roads Mary Hale Woolsey 39 * honors which are showered Night of Fright Theodore P. iKleven 49

: Roxana Farnsworth Hase 52upon the stars of the game. In a The Gleaners

post season game played in the HumilityPrairie Shrubbery Helen Kimball...Bula FisherOrgill 5363

pages of The Improvement Era next month Wendel White, a DEPARTMENTS great ball "toter"learns that stars Church Music 42 have certain responsibilities. Aaronic Priesthood 43

> / > Mutual Messages: Executive Department 45

The Cover AdultSeniors 4849 /"T"VHE cover this month is dedi- M MenGleaners 50 cated to William Cullen Bry M Men 51

Girls 52 his matchless,ant and

Girls "To A JuniorGleaner 53 in commemoration Fowl,"Water Girls BeeHive 54 of the 138th Anniversary of the Vanguards 55 poet's birth which occurred Nov. Boy Scouts 57

3. 1794. See also p. 50. Let's Talk it Over 64

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS at Entered Office, Salt the Post OFFICES: EDITORIAL AND EXECUTIVE Ballard, Business Mgr. Melvin- J.

BLDG., SALT LAKE OFFICE City, as CITY, UT. Lake Utah, secondclass Clarissa Beesley, Asso. Bus. A. Mar. 406 CHURCH

Improvement Mutual Men's by the 1932, Young O. B. Peterson, Ass't Bus, Mgr. Copyright,Association Corporation Church of the Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat George Q. Morris, cffreserved. Saints. rights All of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance} in stection 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 19 17, authorized July 2, 1918.

a

IE ID II L A

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandlej

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Ileber J. Grant, Editor

IVhat will Thanksgiving tell Ton this Tear?

ding and all the trimmings, while the Does and the/N our unbounded prosperity we have lost some of the fine aspects of earlyday Thanksgiving. In Roes had to celebrate Thanksigiving with mere bacon

those dear old, hard old days the entire community and beans. (Of course the latter part of the prayer

had isuch difficulty making a go of the most meager was not made vocal, but undoubtedly God heard it.)

sort of living that the day was one of community They usually wound up their Thanksgiving prayers bless the poor and the needy,"as thanksgiving for the (Survivors. Men and women or blessings—"God

brought their mites to a common pot and there much as to say that they had provided for themselves thanked the God of the harvest for His great and good and would leave the poor and the needy in His hands.

gifts, and partook of their community feast together This might be a good year in which to invite the blessits attendant back with Thanksgiving of fellowship and oldtime in their eyes—tears—with tears in feeling ever found ings from the Most High. affection. No sisterly brotherly and

Prosperity and our unsavory scramble for me and a full stomach can compare with that in a full heart.

mine changed all that. The community dinners faded Why could our communities not have both this year?

as walls of selfsufficiency rose. Men and women beCattle, sheep, hogs, chickens, and even turkeys

gan to say, "Well, I like just a little, quiet family are comparatively cheap. But as cheap as they are,

gathering for my Thanksgiving day."They made many cannot have them this year, unless they receive

themselves believe that theirs was a righteous cause. them by gift. A Thanksgiving dinner so given—They would not admit, >even to themselves, that they handout from some person or organization—cannot

began to ilike quiet family gatherings chiefly because have in At genuine sweetness and satisfaction. The

the Roes and Does didn't dress quite well enough or most delicious morsel, under such circumstances, will because contributions from those unfortunate.families acquire a bitter taste.

did not measure up to discriminating palates. But a community barbecue, a ward chickery, a

It was then that Grandfathers and Grandmothers discussion of roast pork, a deer beautifully roasted or roofan elkjcooked "In a hole in the ground"—how wongathered their own,—their clan—under the old

tree. But soon the clan grew large and stratified. Then derful they might become, with everybody helping

Fathers and Mothers invited their own sons and some way, and how genuinely one could say grace daughters and their mates; later they gathered together on such an occasion at such a feast! With the Roes

only the children who were unmarried and allowed and the Does, the Julias, and the Joes all there—that

their own married.children to remain at home; but would be a Thanksgiving!

finally Father and Mother, now portly and wellto- How poor and thin a "prosperity Thanksgiving"do, sat down to sumptuous repasts of roast turkey and would be beside it! Imagine sitting down to the

plum pudding alone while the children attended some turkey and the pudding with Mary opposite, and Wilsport event in the afternoon and a restaurant or night lie and Susie and Beth in their places. Imagine thankclub in the evening. ing God for the food and then asking Him to bless

That change might be labeled, "Progress in Prosthe poor.and the needy when in one's mind's eye one

see into the bleak home of poor old Richard perity and—Selfishness."could In the old days the prayers were prayers of thanksRoe, out of work for a year—the bare table, the bare

giving for the bounteous gifts of heaven. Later they floor, the meager dinner of potatoes and bread, Jimmy

became prayers of thanksgiving to self. Men and and Sally Roe pinched and thin bowing there over

women had the temerity to thank God that they had their cracked plates which could not be filled more been successful in so conducting their affairs that they than once!

had accumulated a home for themselves with fully This 1932 Thanksgiving which is much nearer to carpeted floors and upholstered furniture, and that the corner than Prosperity, is going to tell us a great they were not like the thriftless Roes or Does; that deal about ourselves. It may even reveal one of the

their business ability had enabled them to accumulate most potent causes of the depression.

enough of this world's goods to make it possible for What will your Thanksgiving tell you this year?

them to secure for themselves turkey and plum pud-—H. R. M.

Art Lovers', Attention!

URING the present volume opening with this may, by sending 15c to The Improvement Era, 47 as East South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah, toD number The Improvement Era will run

frontispieces twelve representative paintings of twelve cover mailing costs each month, secure each time the living Utah artists. Owing to various handicaps picture printed on heavy paper. The fifteen cents

which cannot be overcome, the print in the Era will will merely cover the cost of postage, envelope, and not be as excellent as it should be; however, those mailing material. The prints, as far as they go, will

who would like to preserve these twelve paintings be furnished free.

The Improvement Era for November, 1932

Silver Linings

\T OVEMBER, with tang in the air and misty captains of the good ship Home, women are respon-

J cloudscarves throwing gray mystery over sible, in large part, for the amount and kind of work mountain peaks, is the month appointed for the speand play, love and worship which go on about her.

cial giving of thanks; but gratitude is not to be in- "In pioneer days, when valiant souls were trekking

spired by a date on the calendar, nor created at will by westward discovering new lands, seeking new fields a Presidential proclamation designating a day on of opportunity, dreaming dreams, making everlasting which to be conscious of gratitude. There must be history, the women played an important part. Unin the soul a power to appreciate, to realize blessings complainingly they attempted a man's task with a

and benefits, to acknowledge good and the Giver of man's courage and a woman's faith and determinagood before the date can be significant. tion. Against all odds did they urge their men on,

It might be an interesting experience, if it were posand Jer before their eyes the women held the vision sible, to look into the hearts and minds of different of the promised land of peace and plenty toward, wiltraveling; in the the clouds and wer their of degree quality there the and people and see which thfY

a cornlining. a silver always deess In many fhad times, olden of the spirit thankfulness. with Some,

would be truly grateful for the needs fulfilled each mnnity today can be felt the pioneer spirit of olden day, with little thought, but overwhelming faith for?mes, in the attitude of the womenfolk. Crops have - adversity has visited the land but the women the morrow. Others, casually accepting whatever ffailed droop may and Men cou fPtjmui* raSe eeP thrilling course, as a matter of miss the comes would u? thf? H best, wonder and look their to forget, shoulders, feel gratito exalt those uprising comes which who

is. use the s what the use?, but know women still, luxuries the of deprived tude. of some Others wThat

of former years, would be letting discontent and disIn one little Idaho locality the last year has been satisfaction destroy their appreciation of what they one of new social contacts and pleasant associations, still have, and a few, perhaps, would have turned Two or three families meet to have Sunday dinner entirely cynical, and to them the whole world would together, each bringing something with them to conbe sour tribute to the making of a good meal. One night a

the gathering neighborhood a have where week the is as quite the This'not Thanksgiving same Day thre or f*mihes d two h"le f things, years Material in been by. have gonemany w?men V*f* t me corn chat out make f ''* *?*?*. are selfish benefits possessions, comforts, and physicalr ', ca*d themselves. of enjoying old other, and methods *u a provedV of uhave the ***things not so uhaving only and worth many

fa bees> ch ood women Th hVthe * w * di it cove for are the that y. thankful outfound they

, t ilti ther ve lunch h and h The af is indeed let the Fortunate able has to been i man who j.. are tor(n +u,rthey uLnappy, i uhave t,helped *to <-uthe ikeep t-',,women c c ci-c j

'real uthe ubeauties..1--things nature, of of c ui u Jj[7 Ku life—friendships, -\. troubles aLdisappear happy,uj cface in the,men -i of i>Z and such * c a ac., literature art a 1love family of cfamily and and t.home *g.fig Emerson hg b k y his love to for disappointcompensateand him home

fa ties f b bad beau chant he d h d f, *. financial 1 in U1 t. fullment he u*. j j a a a

.,country! misfortunes.,, isjr r j.., *.uthat will *i the uhave might added good soon overshadow * Jof expressions individuals made,by vhave found who t) th bad# {Katie; Jem c real loss values the ones, of through imagined and

U{J of teU there are that kinds Anne two M{ tell it. % to '*. others are about Songswant sung; The n "t nnn in says, 1 t just livei:,.t,the people Tirn,ijworld. * can,- r? -c nUne r it. r a d.,. Free, inBest i-ilike are sentiothers Life -ruThings of and

j tQ SQ hef { much } Te fact thement, even calls a that M and Scotch wag them. w j just to so must want do much 6 And live therenational detract does songs not the psychological from. Is thi doi the for time and Maki now mak

listimportance the of articles thought the Magazine rebest f the the failing two \ m J * mgreatest values, leave the out of human and wealth s for delicious DiflCOVCfing of and mndlist;. articles newspaper give reasons for liking the dett serve to dishes a to family hunJry diexpense haspression—it given time more opportunity, and like styles; to clothing old look modeling tomorrow's 7for fun, for extending acquaintances strengthenand

{ learni to the children used who wkh friendships for reading, for visiting, formg being, laces to to tQ findin be tJ bu want goib best oneproud of suit for at living Sunday home c to poet belongs the iaimed the hich has happiness;winstead clubs, of for night shows and exertaking m cirin family hearts; the renewing and homekeeping

cise instead for of eating driving inexpensive good spirit of a shelterin the of home) roof under d foods, all to for for going the interChurch, doing thankful and prayer—these humble acknowledgment 8

allesting things recapturing the forgotten deand. are rtunities of the b,eMed today oppo ylights tranquility simple living of outlook. of and tQ the this of come pmpose nQW we And

tell readers of the Improvement Era that Richard Cabot has named the four things essential page—toto success and happiness in life—work, play, love and from now on through the coming months there will

worship. None of them cost money; each brings its be presented in the Era a series of articles along the

measure of contentment; all of them together constilines suggested above. Home activities, carried on in

tute life's meaning. There is one place in which all a better and a more economical way than we would

four function—at home. Some work may be done in have thought possible a few years ago, are worth

shop or field or factory; some play may take place studying. It is the hope of the Era that readers will

in park or theater or pavilion; love may go out into find in the articles much that is stimulating and helpvarious channels; worship is carried on in cathedral ful. We want to forget that there are clouds anyand chapel. But in no place other than home do the where, and be conscious only of the silver linings!four go hand in hand. And because women are the—E. T. ZL

-,;'.

Wmmm

: ':,.": (an the 'Depression be (enured?

By JOSEPH F. MERRILL, Ph.D.

Many thinkers and writers have come to the conclusion that the social and financial world is down with a bad case.of overindulgence. Many of them believe that a careful diet of balanced

"rations"will do for it what the Life Extension Institute has done for the human body. In other words, they are now seeking -preventive as well as curative measures. They know that relief measures

the dole, charitable organizations are but makeshifts, that until

America has learned how to keep the body politic well these periodic times of stress will occur. The author of this article has set

forth some ideas which are worthy of consideration.

years ago the question straws to grab at are being scattered before we had national prohibiTWOproposed in this heading these days. tion. It is also true that liquor

would have been considered interests were always among our foolish. Today it will not be ET us give an illustration. On most persistent violators of law,

laughed at. There are many peoMay 13 th a Montana newsand saloons were prolific "breeders

ple who are beginning to lose faith paper reported the formation of of crime."Again, in preprohi-

in recovery. Some speakers who the Montana Division of the bition days instead of being a

presumed to know have been sayWomen's organization for nationfriend of the home, liquor probing so long that "prosperity is just al prohibition reform. The head ably disrupted and destroyed more

around the corner"that it is little of this group of women "appealed homes and caused more unhappiwonder if some people are growing to the women of Montana to join ness in myriads of others than any skeptical. However, of one thing and support the organization in other agency. And yet there are

deceived are people good who order, even its efforts to restore and law canwe all be certain—despondency quotas have twaddle we by such family to safeguard and the homes will never better the pessimism and

situation. Throwing up our hands ties in the nation through prohibied. But some good people as easily

or doing silly things will only tion repeal."[italics ours] "The forget as do most others.

make matters worse. This fact direct objects of this women's orcannot be too strongly emphaganization,"it was announced, A GAIN, other tiny straws of the

sized. "are the closing up of the speakrepeal propaganda appear to

For it is a fact of human experieasies; the abolition of the gin look as sound as mountains to

ence that in times of trouble, dismills and road houses; putting the some thoughtless observers. "Retress or calamity we are prone to bootlegger out of business; taking peal the Eighteenth Amendment

"lose our heads,"our poise, and the profits out of crime, and the and bring back prosperity"is one our courage. In such states of restoration of the respect for law,"of these straws, and one of the

mind and feeling we sometimes do all perfectly worthy objectives. most deceptive. What is more abit proposed to attain surd than joining repeal and prosand say things for which we are But how was

afterwards sorry. In times such them? Listen! "Through the perity in the relation of cause and

as these the first, and perhaps the repeal of the Eighteenth Amendeffect? Would sousing the people

best, word of advice is to "keep ment."Did you ever hear of more with liquor make them prosperous?

cool"in order that reason may flimsy straws? Did you ever read Are wet England and Germany

not desert us. However bad they more illogical conclusions? The prosperous? Perhaps the greatest

aie, conditions could be worse and facts are, of Course, that speakfactor necessary to the return of they will be worse unless we act easies flourished in this country and prosperity is sanity.

wisely. Grabbing at straws never in all the large cities like New But returning to the question,

saves a situation, and yet plenty of York, Chicago, and Philadelphia "Can The Depression Be Cured?"

s a

6 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

my answer is yes, written without me to be more specific and I shall thetic and fair. The cost of living

any hesitation. "How?"you ask. comply with your request. need not go up as the hours of

You probably have heard or read labor are shortened if capital shall of many "cures"besides the one /\NE condition of peace and prosbecome unselfish and personal that would repeal the 1 8th Amendperity is that all who need to greed shall vanish. This means

ment. But frankly I am skeptical work for a living shall have jobs that big profits shall cease to be,

of many that I have seen, although at living wages; and of course this high salaries shall come down, high

experienced, thoughtful individuals means short, or few, hours of interest rates shall vanish and the have spoken and written on the labor. And does not this mean spirit of real brotherhood shall

subject. However, in December, a great increase in the cost of prodrive away greed. In other words

1931, appeared a published stateduction and consequently a rise in if we all will "do unto others as ment in which was briefly outlined the cost of living making current we would have others do unto us"a plan that I think is wholly adewages wholly inadequate? As there will return a continuous flow

quate. I refer to the "Christmas Andy would say, "Yes and no, of peace and prosperity. Hunger and

Greetings"of the First Presidency, mostly no."But decidedly "yes"nakedness and want will become

published in the Christmas edition if we cannot live the "Golden unknown and man will realize that of the Deseret News. These GreetRule"and if the selfishness of the he "is that he might have joy."

if selfishSenators and Congressmen areings were so full of values that they past is to continue. And

can, and should be, reread many ness is to continue unabated then paid by the Federal Government times with great profit. From chaos will surely come. I see no ten thousand dollars a year. They

these Greetings I get the assurance other result. But my confidence live in Washington, perhaps the

that the depression is curable. So in the forces of righteousness is too most expensive city in the United

I hasten to name a remedy. great for me to believe that chaos States in which to live. And obwill come. viously they live. We rarely find

pIRST of all every ablebodied But as I see it capital must surone who does not want to be reindividual who needs to work render and labor must be sympaturned to Washington. Now, if

for a livelihood should be provid- a congressman can live on $10,000 ed with work. This is one requiwhy cannot any other man live

site for the return of prosperity. The Frontispiece on $10,000. It is said that in

Everyone recognizes this need as By J. T. Harwood Russia no official is paid more than

$ 1 50.00 per month. should essential an Why J. finest of T. Harwood'pf the

salaried recently painted any his country series factor in the solution ONEhistoric of man in this of our problem.

frontispiece, is the in bridges shown at paid be than more $10,000, live in age."Paris a "machine But we NeufMorning.""Pont until after every willing man at Keeping our machines work his hitched wagon least a youth Harwood As

is to a living paid work wage? pioneer of the capacity productivemakes our met some had to a star. He

many times greater than our conpainters and had determined to, himself, first to leave w<is the be He an artist. suppose even AGAIN, It issumptive capacity. said, for 4% or for European his native home,'Utah, legal less, were the maximum factoriesexample, that the shoe pitfalls of the of warned study. Being

of this country can make nine Paris, he made a pledge, which he sacredly interest rate and 2 % was the maxihundred million pairs of shoes a kept, that he would never touch tobacco mum charged and paid by the Fedyear, yet our consumptive capacity nor liquor. His first coveted award as an art eral Government. Suppose it

in number the Julian was Academy illegal were for capital private is to three about hundred class million studentI, which of forty, of out a won prices that return pairs. would more factories automobile it Our prize fix cash carried a medal and a with

can certainly make more cars than given by Jean Paul Lawrens for his comthan 6% on the investment. But

we can afford to buy. Hence, position, "Follow Me and I Wilt Make we need not pursue this line with

details. what we need to do is to shorten Youafterwardto BecomeHarwoodFishersmadeof Men."a large Yearsfigure further

the hours of labor so that twenty painting of this Christ composition. It And so in conclusion, I repeat a

to thirty shall constitute a week's was hung in the Independent Salon, Paris, lasting cure for depression can be work and to devise a means of and will later be reproduced in these pages. found by providing a job for all

balancing production and conpilgrimagesThe veteranto Europeanpainter hasfountainmade heads,many who should work for a living.

sumption. If we go on inventing repeatedly exhibiting his oils and water This means short hours of labor,

labor saving machines, perhaps the colors of figure, landscape, portrait, and small returns on invested capital, time will come when even fewer still life in the French Salons. The Bridge the reduction of all salaries to the

livelithan twenty hours per week with ofsincePontJuly,Neufbeenand shownthe Christin thepicturesSalt have,Lake requirements of a modest everybody at work will provide Summer Salon and may be seen in Dehood, and a willingness to regard for our consumptive needs. cember at the Deseret Gymnasium. every man as a brother, all of

But how can industry possibly Harwood is a prolific painter, indewhich shall be expressed by a comstyle. pendent in thought He living is plete to thoseprovide observance of the wages "Golden who upright and straightforward—theseand

is little? course, of Rule."work so This means, The answer sugcharacteristicsgenial, the paint. get into somehow

gested, I think, in the Greetinges reHe has never wasted a moment. Physicthat capital, labor, and all indialso splendid. he is is represented Heferred to above. shall viduals become away ally By putting unselfish—state art in collection the at the Utah strife ininour "selfishness, revolution and bittermost attitudes

in Capitol, of our and schoolowned many ness."And this is the rub. Can collections, notably in the twentyfour volved in our human relations. But

we do this? Yes, if we will live water colors of the Old Brigham Young whether or not you accept my sothe "Golden Rule."However, to Farm, & collection at West High. He is lution you probably will agree

that, in any case, unselfishness mustdo this must we not sincerely beseenvatelytoownedadvantage,collectionsas well,in inthemanystate. prilieve in Jesus Christ and genuinely—Alice Merrill Home. be the basis of any curable plan.

accept his teachings? But you ask Of this I have not the least doubt.

Greatness in Men

Here is another story of unusual achievement. Son of an immigrant

widow, Dr. Widtsoe climbed the

ladder of education until it was said of him that "owing to his recent study in Europe (he) is now as well qualified as any one in the country for work in physiological chemistry, in fact I think there is no one in

America so well equipped "He has stood at the head of education in his state as president of the two highest state institutions of learning, yet the faith implanted by his mother was so genuine and firm that he left his career as an educator to be a member of the Quorum of the

Twelve Apostles.

JOHN ANDREAS WIDTSOE

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

what small events Fortynine years ago this NoThis mother brought little, ifUPONhinge mighty consevember she came to Utah with her any, worldly wealth to this land quences! A humble cobbler two sons, John A., eleven, and but she brought a deep and settled

in Norway said to a widow who Osborne J. P., six. This widow determination to educate her boys.

brought her boy's shoes to be rewas not only an educated woman Like Cornelia, the Roman mother, paired: "I can give you something but a woman of literary ability she could point with pride to "her

more valuable than soles for your and of deep religious convictions. jewels."No Roman mother ever

son's shoes."When the shoes were Her husband, John Widtsoe, an gave to the world nobler sons.

returned she found in each of them educator of recognized standing, They were not schooled in the art a "Mormon"tract and out of died five years before. He was a of war, their conquests were not

curiosity read them. Thus began man of unusual intelligence and military; rather they were trained

an investigation which resulted in moral power whose family for in the gospel of "Peace and Good the conversion and baptism of the several generations had been teachWill"and, consequently, had no mother of Dr. John A. Widtsoe. ers. taste for the roar of battle or its

8 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

excelcarnage. They had that fine creJohn A. Widtsoe was born Janor, second—by uniform

ative quality of mind which knows uary 31, 1872, on the island of lence in all subjects taken. The

how to propound questions to the Froyen, Norway. Six years later highest honors may be won

undiscovered world of nature about his father died. For the next five in both ways at the same time.

us and then proceeds to wrest the years he attended private and pubBoth of these were won by him.

answer from it. Such minds unlic schools of his native country In the "Boston Magazine's"

lock the treasurehouse of truth, with the ministry in view. review of the work of this graduenrich the world, and bless manIn 1881 his mother joined the ating class the literary quality of

kind. "Mormon"Church and in Nothe work was represented by selecvember, 1883, with her two sons, tions from the pen of Dr. John A.

ALEXANDER the Great emigrated to America and settled Widtsoe. Thus at twentytwo

mourned because years of age he had disthere were no other tinguished himself for worlds to conquer, (simhis capacity to work ply because he could not and for superior ability.

turn his mind to the conquest of unseen but C"\N graduating he was nobler worlds. True, offered several allurthis mother brought liting positions in the East

tle worldly wealth to but he preferred to come this land but the contriback to Utah. In Sepbution which her sons tember of that year he

have made to this entered the Experiment

Church tand to the Station of the Utah world would be hard to Agricultural College as estimate. chemist. Here he began

The younger son, Oshis research work in borne, died suddenly in agriculture and pubhis fortieth year, belished a number of bulloved by all who knew letins.

him, leaving a past On June 1, 1898, he bright with splendid married Leah Eudora achievements and a fuDunford, daughter of ture glorious with hope. Susa Young Gates by a

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, former marriage. That

now in his sixtieth year, same month he was aphas long been recognized pointed to the Parker as a distinguished scholfellowship in the Graduar. While he was a ating Society of Harvard

young man in his late with the privilege of twenties Charles Loring foreign study. In July

Jackson, then Erving he sailed for Europe and

Professor of Chemistry in October began his in Harvard XJniversity, study in the great JUnisaid of him: versity of Goettingen,

as a for candidate Leah Dunford Widtsoe Germany, a Docis the "He one of most able men who tor's degree. followIn June of the has come instruction, under and my you

should remember that my advanced stuin Logan, Cache County, Utah. ing year he finished his Doctor's

dents are picked men:)from all parts of In June, 1891, John A.,was thesis and took the examinations of

the country. He showed remarkable graduated from the normal course the faculty of that University in

in his power work, to and owing his of,jn July he College and B. Y. November, the de1899, winning

is in recent study Europe well as now at entered University Harvard gree of Master of Arts and Doctor qualified as the any one in country for work in physiological chemistry, in fact Cambridge, Massachusetts. In of Philosophy with the high hon-

I think there is no one in America so well April the following year he won ors magna cum laude.

equipped. this preparation for With his a scholarship, university and in January, to From 1900, May excellent the work, and behe did work April, 1893, he again won fore a he studied chemistry to in he went Zurich, Europe, a right we have

will that inbe followed with year of that In September him—oneto expect a most distinguished career from scholarship. Switzerland, and from May to i of that year in he was August resided he

terest the and admiration chemwhole by president elected of Boylston of his London, traveltime much * * is rare ical world. sort a very * He

of man."Chemical Club of Harvard and in ing in England and on the contiJune, 1894, he was graduated from nent. He sailed for America in

HpHIS was written of Dr. WidtHarvard. He completed the work September. In the meantime he

soe more than thirty years ago in three years and received the highhad accepted the position of direcand his life since that time has veriest honor -sutnma cum laude. tor of Utah Experiment Station

fied all of the high predictions made This honor may be won in two and professor of chemistry.

of him by his distinguished precepways: first—by examinations In 1905 he became a director of tor. But to proceed with the narshowing excellent and wide the department of Agriculture in i

rative of 'his life! acquaintance in one line of study; the Brigham Young University

The Improvement Era for November, 1932

John A. and Leah D. Widtsoe, with their daughters, Eudora and Anna, and two oldest

grandchildren, John and Joan Wallace.

at Provo and in the spring of 1907 sion division of the Utah Agriof the Utah Irrigation Congress, he was elected president of the cultural College. These were the and is a member of numerous soUtah Agricultural College. His forerunners of the Farmers'cieties, boards, and commissions at

presidency was a period of,great Roundups and Housekeepers'conhome and has been elected to memprosperity for the College and the ferences. bership in many scientific societies

institution gained an international His work in Utah has been dein all parts of the world.

reputation under his administravoted largely to a study of the agriThe Utah Agricultural College tion. cultural resources of the state. The gave him the honorary degree

He was made president of the first soil survey of this state was LL.D.

University of Utah in 1916. He made under his direction. He incontinued in this position until he augurated scientific work)in irriga- "QR. WIDTSOE is an author, a

was called to the apostleship in tion which was probably the first scholar, a specialist, skilled in

March, 1921. systematic effort in the world to handling the problems of human

He was made president of Utah make irrigation a science. nature and of nature, of boys and

Historical Society in 1921. Jn He won international honor for men as well as crops and animals,

1923 he was invited to serve on a himself and the state as organizer one of the distinguished adminisCommission to investigate governof the work of dry farming. His trators and leaders of this country.

ment reclamation methods with best known books in this field are: He is preeminently a scientist. He

Julius Barnes, Oscar E. Bradfute, "Dry Farming,""The Principles has majored as such and has made

James R. Garfield, Elwood Mead, of Irrigation Practise,"and "Westcontributions in scientific fields of

Thomas E. Campbell, and David ern Agriculture."Some of these practical and farreaching import-

W. Davis. In 1925 he was aphave been translated into seven ance. As an industrial chemist he

pointed with Governor Campbell languages. He has published beundoubtedly could have made a

to investigate twentytwo Western tween thirty and forty scientific fortune and secured fame.

irrigation projects. 1 and popular bulletins on Utah He served as president of the

November 21, 1927, Jbe was set agriculture and has contributed Utah Agricultural College for nine apart to preside over the European more than two hundred articles, years and as president of the UniMission and arrived in England editorials, etc., bearing upon a vaversity of Utah for five years.

December 24th. riety of subjects of popular interest. These are executive positions of the

For forty years he has been a highest responsibility, positions

T\R. WIDTSOE is a pioneer in leader in public life. He was preswhich make unusual demands

extension work. He organident of the International Dry upon one's thought and attention,

ized the work of the Utah ExperFarm Congress when it convened but during this time he was making iment Station, planned and organin Canada. He has served as vicecontributions in other fields. One

ized the Farmers'and Housekeeppresident of the Irrigation Congress is impressed with the quality and ers'Institute work which resulted a number of times, president of amount of work which he can do.

in the establishment of the ExtenUtah Educational Association and He is a productive worker and his

10 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

work is of the highest order. He "By this faith I draw wisdom from clear confidence that if I but do my duty

I well, past, obtain visions shall find the the the mastery of the future, way tohas the rare capacity of seeing fearlessly tasks. in the present, of the all earthly earth and with a walk and

in theirthings relation proper and full assurance that God's goodness will is "By thisthe ability himself to express with me. guide abundant, my faithsorrowsmy arejoytempered,in life my

clearness and beauty. His name "By this faith I am able to interpret trust in the ultimate triumph of good over

will stand forever among the diswhatever I learn of this or of (any other evil is unshakable.

tinguished scholars and educators time, and find its place in the eternal "By this faith I learn more and more of the Church. to hate sin and to reach out a

There are a simhelping hand to the sinner.

plicity, a teachablebraces"By athiscompletefaith whichplan emof ness, a gentility and endless man's journey from >**.$$&&.consideration for others past into a dim an eternal

about him which are future, I learn that I need characteristic of the God's help in all that I do, truly great. The depth butfort, also,that asGod,a gloriousto a smallcomof his understanding, degree, infinitely small perthe breadth of his tolerhaps, needs me and all His

ance, the absence of dogchildren to work out His matism, the wisdom and mightyto knowpurposes.oneself inIt partneris good

effectiveness of his diship with God.

plomacy are all evi- "By this faith, amidst the dences of /real superiwearisome toil and the strife ority. of the heat of the day, I am

at rest and at peace, for 1 T7ROM his boyhood knowdestiny myand thehistoryeternalandmeanmy he has been active The Widtsoe family many years ago. ing of the day's work.

in the organizations of the "By this faith I know that howChurch and is one of the best ever lowly my task in life may be, informed elders in doctrine mybeforeworkthehasjudgmentbeen wellseatdone,of God,it shallif and Church organization. He be transmuted into spiritual values,

has written a number of and my soul shall know that I have manuals and many popular been doing necessary work for the articles on gospel subjects. fulfillment"By this offaiththeI Master'sam unafraid,plan. for

Among his theological writ- I know that God's power is everyings should be mentioned: where and that I never walk alone,

"Joseph Smith as Scientist,"but that in joy or sorrow, at home "Rational Theology,""Conor "Byabroad,this God'sfaith willit is guideseasy tome.lay

cordance of the Book of Docaside the material for the spiritual trine and Covenants,""What things of life; to exchange i the

Jesus Taught,""In Search honor of men for the service of God.

of is onefor Truth."gratitude"By thisfor faithfavorsmyreceived,life and

"Gospel Doctrine,"by trust that whatever is for my goodof

Joseph F. Smith was comwill be given me if I strive for it

piled largely by him and honestly.

"Discourses b y Brigham erhood"By thisof manfaithandI knowthe Fatherhoodthe brothYoung,"were compiled and of God; the joy and necessity of

prepared by him. serving and helping my fellow man;

Since he was called to preand the satisfying fellowship of my side over the European Misbrethren"By thisandfaithsisters.I know that whatsion in November, 1927, he ever of experience I have gained in

has written a series of tracts this life will be mine forever, and in which the gospel is interthat my family and children are preted in terms of today with minein whichto theI shallend growof an toendlessthe fullerday, such simplicity and clearness stature of a Godlike man.

as to place it within the un- "All these and a thousand other derstanding of all. things that would fill many volumes

Fourteen years ago he doesvenilemyInstructor,faith meanVol.to53,me."p. 461.){Juwrote His mother and John A. Widtsoe

p VERY word of this declaration things. of scheme ""'is big with every meaning and Faith What Means My

faith, this teaches that which "By me text. paragraph is a rarehave We to I eternal, existence this before an with am Me ly read anything so that contains

life, life I active ever hereafter, an and am principles faith in the of the is "My in It so words. so much few full battle /against evil, to given courage

as restored Christ, Jesus ofGospel by simple yet so allcomprehen- and in others. or in me in whether placesthe Smith, Joseph Prophet me sive, so with compact meaning and faith, promises the endwhich "By this philof an allcomprehensivepossession

osophy according to which I can order less triumph of the progressing.spirit of yet so luminous and farreaching,

all the affairs of my life, whether of a man over the things of the universe, I atso practical and yet so beautiful temporal or a spiritual nature. tack the duties of my daily life with the (Continued on page 32)

IN DEFENSE OF

xtracurricular zyictivities By DR. GEORGE THOMAS

In a brief address given at the opening of the

Union Building at the University of Utah, Dr.

George Thomas, president of the institution, made some statements in defense of extracurricular activities which, in our judgment, are worthy of careful study. Education, the President seems to

suggest, is the process of building men and women, not one of merely cramming into their minds a multitude of facts.

Dr. George Thomas

President University of Utah

Dr. Junior Rich,WHENafter a trip East, proposed Union Building, University of Utah

that we undertake the construction of a Union Building, versity, legislation was passed we designate as extracurricular acwhich had been in the minds of which enabled us, with the assisttivities are not educational in a the alumni and students for some ance of one of our leading banks legitimate sense. And yet, go from

time, I fell into accord with that in this city, to bring the building Maine to California, and from the movement, and we began with a forward to completion at this coldest fields of Canada down to humble request that each student time. Mexico, and the days when the

pay $ 1 a year. From that humble I believe I can say that my soul three r's were the only things with

beginning we enlarged the sum unhas lived in this structure more which the universities, high til we began to think of hundreds than in any other building with schools, and grades concerned of thousands. which I have had anything to do, themselves as education, have long

The erection of this building because the problem of financing it since passed. For us to go back to

has had more dark spots connected at times seemed so impossible. that point of view would be to

with it, in the sense of apparent While we are not yet at the end, retrograde three quarters of a cenfailure, than anything I ever unwe have come to a place where the tury.

dertook. Time and again it seembuilding can now be used by the We have come to a realization

ed utterly impossible to move forstudents. that a large part of the education

ward. It seemed that we just of human beings, from the kindercould not finance the project. Fi- T am not unmindful of the fact garten to the graduate school, is

nally, we reached a point where we that one of our judges in the brought about by the social activcould not go forward, and we endistrict court just recently passed ities and extracurricular activities.

listed the sympathies and support a decision, rendered an opinion, Men and women cannot be created-, of our good friend, the Governor, that education must concern itself remolded, and educated by placing and after a lot of effort on the part primarily with the three r's, or them in a classroom with a teacher;

of alumni and friends of the Uniwords to that effect, and that what (Continued on page 34)

GJhe orse By RUTH HUNT

Maurice ILlliott was presented with a gift horse, too, and the words, "gift horse"have unpleasant connotations, but then all girls are not like Jane Denham.

OUR ceaseless acseems to me that when a person Janey,"Maurice drew his checktivity, my Ydear Janey,"exclaimed has become engaged—book from his pocket, leaned forMaurice Elliott, relaxing his five- 'Tentatively,"qualified Jane. ward and indicated an entry. "My

footten of muscular slenderness Maurice generously ignored the quarterly dividend checks came in into the only armchair Jane Denlast week, to interruption. in adding and them "possessed, diningroomham's I accidentally balance he brought impulse,"normal my "—thefatigues me!"It It cipher one be on, "should to buy! went too many. down

Jane looked up with a smile of has worked that way with me."was purely a slip of the pen, I asgreeting, then continued polishing "It would!"conceded Jane, atsure you. Just a cipher—such a

with vigorous, sure strokes, the old tacking the spot of the teakettle trivial thing!"

copper teakettle that stood on the with renewed vigor. "A mere nothing,"agreed Jane.

table before her "I have just purchased,"re- "But it made all the difference at fiance, "the tentative sumed her the bank! They sent back the Mau-. me,"resumed "—fatigues in are to take check—which werice, lightly passing his over equipage hand

his smooth blonde head, "notwithour wedding journey. It is a dark "And you sent back the car, I

standing the fact that the sight of crimson, 1932 model, Energetic suppose?"

you in that flowery red and white Eight, about the length and gen- "Not at all,"replied Maurice.

apron is undeniably a tonic for the eral docility of a locomotive. In "The dealer has given me time to

optic nerve."such a vehicle, my dear Janey, make reparations and pay indemmotoring may justly be regarded nities. Nevertheless, this is a lesTiHE ceaseless activity as one of the fine arts."sonly disregard.that you shouldIf younothadtoomarriedlightof which Maurice murmured had me 'ere and now, and taken over

caused Jane's dark, rich skin to J ANE put down the the administration of my income, glow with exotic loveliness. She teakettle and stared incredulously. as I have been urging you to do,

shook back the short, soft, cloud- "And where,"she demanded, such an embarrassing contretemps like black hair which had fallen "if I may be so tactless as to inwould not have occurred."

about her face and looked at Mauquire, did you get the money to Jane gave him a withering look, rice again with eyes that were, pay for it?"but Maurice would not wither..

quite surprisingly, as blue as old "Why. there's the joke of it, "I told the dealer about this

willowware china.

"Hold that pose,"commanded Maurice, tilting his head to one side and regarding her with the air of a connoisseur. "If I could paint

you in just that position and label the picture 'A Woman of Action'—"

"But you can't,"interposed Jane practically, "and if I should hold the pose until you were sufficiently skilled to do it, the teakettle would be so tarnished again that you couldn't even sell the picture as an advertisement for metal polish."The repentjnnt Buff came canterMaurice groaned. ing back. He paused above form—head

very "Must you talk about selling Maurice'slowered and prostratetail drooped—the

things?"he implored. "Now it picture of compassionate dejection.

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 13

wedding trip of ours,"he continter telling him so. Just listen to sent me a check,"explained Mauued, "and gave him a check for all this last paragraph: rice debonairly, "but I think my

the money in my account except "'That story you used to tell me In remembering that story will soften so often to childhood comes mind myfive to my dollars. occurred heart."Then it to his about the one went I mean you how that I didn't have enough Janeme regarded him across the teapenniless Philadelphia, a old an boy, and

money left to buy the engine a friend of your father's gave you a horse, kettle with an affectionate but derefreshing drink of gasoline, so the and how, upon the shoulders of that stalspairing gaze.

journey must be postponed. But wart beast, you built one of the greatest "Maurice,"she said soberly,

take heart, Janey, it's not for long. expressbeen so companiesgenerous toin America.me in the Youpast havethat "please tear up that letter and

My godfather in Pennsylvania, as I am presuming once more to ask you to throw it away."

you know, has been an ever present emulate the kindness of your good old "This is only a copy,"beamed set friend a stonybroke and man young I letter in original trouble.help Maurice. Oh, know you "The

I feet. his deai promise you, my the on like tapping I shoulddon't to have morning. me went off this relast this Godfather, that will be my

trusty old reservoir, but I promise quest of this nature.'receive a check by Monday at the

you this is the last time I'll ask latest. And after that, all you'll

him."Maurice unfolded a sheet TiHE dear old chap have to do is to name the hour

of paper. "I've written him a letwas a bit truculent the last time he when we two shall begin to live as

expensively a s one."Jane looked at him steadily with grave, indulgent eyes.

"I was not joking, Maurice,"she began, "when I used that word 'tentatively.'

a n e y f"Maurice sat bolt upright. "I am, as you have said yourself,"Jane continued, "essentially a woman of action. I am

quite willing that you should go on being a dabbler in—-aaestheticssort of protante—Ifessional supdilet-

pose I love you just for being yourself—a d e a r, cheerful, irresponsible child—"Jane's

poke broke with a queer 1 i 1 1 I e laugh.:, a n e yv cried Maurice a- g a in,'starting impulsively toward her', but

! motioned s h e

him back.- -,

? "Iam entire-

i ly'w'ii \irt%';

Jane'resumed a lighter 'ttDrte ''to - becam the sole 'administrator of

is the Age of Salesshall we yield to the alluring picthem can forget the old LondonOURSmanship. ture it subtly conjures up, or rebusses, those Juggernauts of Saleswith painted its thickly implicannibalistic pelled manship, by Steam, of the Age Not Somebody's close cations, resolutely shall and Lipton's Tea we nor Electricity, Steel, nornor Bovril and invitation? mention to to the our Gin, not minds superficially have asGasoline some blessing and illustration boon another unseem may The many exterare mere Theseassumed.

a as peoyet important, future to our men? nor Reason, ofnals. the Age Not issue. in a sense ple the hangs upon spok- R. has A/f CHESTERTON Not of Law. norof Democracy race to a be of weaklings, Are we of lunacies the coldly of en though of Youth, theeven Age salesto of every advance amenable relet rather advertisement, us but universal is the just nowYouth a Sparor of generation manship, a flect its Close humors. upon byvogue.

tans, bold in Florida, vast hotel a humbler be would Youth But what

British "Buy Boniface has modest opened his it to give enough Goods—Britishto say No? Salesmanshipwithout

and Best,"sturdily counsels the inn, accurately described in hisdirection and meaning? Standing

of a well page Engknown publicity as to the largest "Next hears cover feet, uncertain Youthwith lish quarterly. solid candor The States."in hotel the United And call Salesmanship, ofthe trumpet

this appeal, free of so wholly from as a procession funeral moves eat, drink, chew, totelling it what want, wear, see, hear and take. selfconsciousness or timidity, must through the streets of a California

least our admiration, command city, rapture upon one reads with the at nor be vacant cannot mindThe even its psychology is not though of the the windshields mourning For in such inactive an age.will

obviously when all the wayside our own. The clamors of the Camotors the indomitable slogan,

thunders at you the imperious chalnadian landscape that we "Drink "For a Bigger and a Better Santa lenge, "Eat Raisins! Every WedBlotto! the Whiskey your GrandBarbara."

nesday is Raisin Day!"you canfather Drank,"leave us equally unNor must we overlook the mube limsical quality of this material. Asnot remain neutral. Either worn moved. Why should we

tastes of our grandby the eye you motor toward Perham, of ited avalanches by successivedown Besides, are fathers? lenot ear we are captivated sure and by the feebly muryou willSalesmanship

mur, "I will! I will,"or sumthat Grandfather drank Blotto. gend "Purr into Perham with Soif it be Brainmoning your last ounce of resistAnd the invitation of a Montreal andSo Gas."Or

ance for one final effort, you mutweekly to "Inspect the handwork erd, "Breeze into Brainerd"with ter through set teeth "It's not! I of Canadian Peasants"brings ditto.

doors. very to our not been stirred Why And who haswon t! Europe

to feature thought has no one antiphonies the sublime of rithe by

TT is useless to deny the importneighboring New York peasantry val limiteds? "Travel the Scenic

ant shaping effect the tide of in this kindly way? Awake, SalesHighway through the Alleghany

Salesmanship is having upon the manship! and do your office. Mountains,"is the Alpine call of

modern mind. All that is in doubt The British do these things so one. "Take the Waterlevel

is what shape the mind will take much more religiously than we! route; you can sleep!"is the seunder its influence. When every Who does not remember the exductive response of the other.

mossy otd barn along the highway quisite hymn about Beecham's Highland and lowland still fortenderly murmurs "Chew Red Pills with its persistent undertone ever at war! The higher and the

Man, the Mild Mellow Chew;"of piety? And who that has seen lower path; the drowsy plainsThe Improvement Era for November, 1932 15

man and the hardy mountaineer. But dead or alive, what a light its spell. Yet one man there is in

But even today Salesmanship it throws upon the spirit of Sales- a prairie schooner in the southwest, does not have it all its own way. manship! Dashing, debonair felwho does not own its sway. I

Now and then a plaintive voice is lows, scooting over the highways called upon him one glorious raised in protest or rebuke. "The with their Fords full of samples, morning to hold his horses long

dollar you, spent yesterday,"they seem lightheartedness itself. enough to be photographed. He

ominously declares a Kentucky But show them a customer, and all stopped readily enough but debank, "now belongs to someone is changed. Their sterner qualities clined the honor.

else."This is certainly bad news. emerge, and they are ready for any- "Now, brother,"said he, "I'd

You did not until now know just thing; to stand on the lampshade, just as lief you didn't take my

what had become of it. Even now or sip the face lotion, or quaff the picture. I knew a case where a

you are not perfectly sure the bank furniture polish utterly reckless of man let himself be photographed—itis right.now Theappearsmanso tothoughtlesslywhom you consequences,sale! if they but make a bysenta backstrangerto Montanaand thatorpictureColorado,was—handed it over, has probably and it looked like somebody who

paid half of it to some other man IKE those mighty agaves of the was wanted there, and so the man for the article he sold you, and he desert, that blossom but to die, got into a sight of trouble. No,

in turn has doubtless paid half of the salesman who has made his sale I don't want you to take my picthat to the man who sold it to has fulfilled his destiny. What ture, thank you kindly."

a longhim, and so on down the Let more has life for him? his from wife added which To

all of merchants,avenue nimbly carbolic facelotion lethal or the covseat driver's the second the of tossing to the article one its another furniturepolish do right! "That's deadly ered Yuh wag0n,

for a consideration hundred of one sacrifices such work. It is upon having careful about can 't be too

per cent a throw, while dimly disthat Salesmanship moves noisily folks take yer picture. Yuh never

cerned in the far distance is the onward to conquer the world. Incan tell what they'll do with it!"

producer, apparently a woman, deed, "By these signs we conquer"it out of have must madewho declares tailoring a piously comis selfeffacement rare such LJOW a thingnothing. Truly, what a full in -page adnewspaper is pany, cities, life in of the thronging

dollar,a this to extraordinary keep vertisement. our plays publicity upon where steadily on! goingperformance heroic these that have men Not as senses mighty several on some

not like all of us their moments of organ. In a certain ferrybuilding

DERHAPS this is too analytical. weakness. I remember one in a by the Pacific, the tedium of waitStrictly speaking, the dollar western hotel, who doubtless foreing for the boat may be beguiled

you spent is now doubtless in the done with indigestible potations by music. "Make the time pass

lubricants of combustibles or the in evidently not invitation runs. to pleasantly,"thebank—but leanskeptical customers, convince raised hasKentucky which bank selections. Oth- "Hear the latest

this untimely outcry. Having thus ed over the candycounter and said ers may be longer but none betby a little reflection, unmasked its wearily to the girl in charge: ter."Nearby one is met by the

perfidious attack upon Salesman- "Sometimes I think I'll just end searching query, "Have you smokship, let us gaily resume the life of it all. Say, would you care if I ed a Pessimo today?"And furthe sellee, to which barn and billdid? Honest, now, would you?"ther on, a motion picture in two

board, phone print and screen day To which, with the most acshort reels is in free continuous and night continually and comcurate admixture of womanly symoperation. After watching this

fortably invite us. pathy and maidenly indifference, through several times over, along

Let no one suppose that Salesshe answered, with a group of other beneficiaries, manship has not its heroes no less "Uhhuh."you perceive that they like yourrenowned than war. Upon being Publicity is the handmaid of self, are chiefly occupied in wonanointed in a barber shop with a Salesmanship, the salesman's vital dering which reel belongs first. It

peculiarly noxious preparation, breath. From policemen to prinreally makes a good deal of difsmelling strongly of carbolic acid, cesses the modern world is under ference to the story, and you are

you venture mildly to sorry to embark upon inquire of the barber your ferry leaving the how long you may exquestion forever unsetpect to live. He reHave you ever placed your cash on a tled.

plies great with is not But publicity vivacounter and walked out with a jimcrack you it is perfectlycity that so pleasurable. always

harmless; in fact, the did not need and had no intention of buying, After a long day's

man who sold it to or have you ever signed your name on the motoring you find him drank some of it dotted line for a luxury you wanted but knew your lodging in a great lie toin his hotel, presence luxuriprove and just because afnot could some afford yOU s tit. sleep, resourceful to ously o down M into a state salesman you fable

salesthe heroic of immediatelyand i. are o j You us havez. - most *, coma If hypnotizedhave—and ft wt you t r c e a i a of but strange nman, aware 1 y,

this graceful, fatermittent light flickerhardly enough to—you are likely to enjoy inprove the preparation miliar essay by Dr. Goodspeed, translator of ing inin atat the window.

harmless without the New Testament into modern English and You look forth and informationfuller to what became ofas a scholar of culture and refinement. findstitution,that athefinancialLaplandinhim. (Continued on page 30)

16THE RETURN OF THE

eontdes J 5j/ WAYNE B. HALES, Ph.D.

There is something uncanny—tragic—miBsgmm about falling heavenly bodies. They seem fig??gf

like sparks from a disintegrating universe.

People have always trembled when the c<heavens have shaken."In our day, however, heavenly "fireworks"are always a

joy. Dr. Hales tells you of a display that

is coming.

FOURTH of July celebraother like tion impresses a boy espeswarms of locially when it is accompacusts; peopleAnied by a display of fire works. He were thrown

remembers the shafts of light and into consterspinning tails of fire that rise swiftnation and ly into the black sky above where made supplithey may seem to pause, to flirt cation to the with the Pleiades (The Seven SisMost High;

ters), or pass the time of day with there was other pedestrians of the Milky never the like

Way before they return to earth or seen except where they may burst and return on the comreluctantly by many different paths ing of the displaying varied gorgeous hues as messenger of they pass. God, on

These exhibitions are but man's whom be attempts to imitate the glorious benediction displays of nature in the heavens. and peace."

Just how glorious, inspiring, and first sometimes terrifying, these natural pHE phenomena become can only be accurate adequately described by those who description of have observed a "meteoric shower."a meteoric

Before their real cause and nature shower was were understood, their occurrence that observed gave rise to great terror and superby Humboldt the on mornthe stition of the peoples among ing of earth, be to thought them NoMeteoric ShowerFromofanNovemberold print 13, 1833 who messengers announcing the final vember 1 2, destruction of the earth. The 1799, while he was exploring in served. Almost every astronomy

Chinese, Arabian, and other histhe Andes. From 2 o'clock in the text book makes special mention of

torians have handed down to us morning until daybreak, he obit and current magazines of that many accounts of such showers of served hundreds of meteors comdate were replete with tales of its meteors among which is the foling into the sky just a little north wonderment. The number seen at

lowing from an early Arabian of east and moving across to the some stations was estimated as writer: south where they vanished. high as 200,000 an hour for five

"In the year 599, on the last The next occurrence was in Noor six hours. "The sky was full

day of Moharren, stars shot hither vember, 1833, which seems to be of them as it ever is of snowflakes and thither, and flew against each the most remarkable one ever obin a storm,"and as an old lady deThe Improvement Era for November, 1932 17

scribed it, "it looked like a gigantic TN commenting on these experiing, and a sign of judgment to umbrella."Another witness of ences in "The Missouri Persecome upon the ungodly who had

the spectacle wrote for the "Chriscutions"Elder B. H. Roberts says: wrought the injustice against them

tian Advocate and Journal"in 'The grandeur of the display was and caused their calamities."

the Fall of 1833, this descripfar beyond the power of words to And then in November, 1931, tion: "It seemed as if the whole describe. I mention it because of this family of Meteorites renewed

starry heavens its periodic visit had congregated with Mother to a point near Earth. During

the zenith and the week from were simultaneNovember 12ously shooting 1 9, thousands forth with the of amateur and velocity of professional aslightning to evtronomers a 1 ery part of the over the world horizon; and were watching

yet they were and counting.

not exhausted. Despite unThousands favorable weathswiftly follower which preed in the trails vailed over

of thousands as many sections of if created for the the United occasion."All States, many

through the glimpses were Southern States, had of these the negroes, like "shooting stars"the Arabs of the where the skies previous cenwere clear. The

tury, thought count was so fathe end of the vorable that asworld had come tronomers have at last and supplicated Jehovah for Fireworks Display,Pageant, Utah1931.County Fair forecastin November,a really 1932,dazzlingwhendisplaythedeliverance.

is earth to closer hit due to even spehas shower particular This of it effect the the minds upon had center the of the swarm. history in significance Mormoncial saints. Scripthe suffering The the during It was literature.and an T\R. MERRILL, of signs tures PAUL of that the teach one that 1833, November,first in days astronomer of the WilJesus of appearing glorious the Mount MisCounty, Jackson of Saintsthe son Salt Observatory to stars came Lake falling of shall the Christ be persecuted and harassed weresouri in order City that observe he tree fig might 'as a heavens; the from by their homes from drivenand this elemeteoric shower an from figs she casteth her untimely when Missouri the of hands arrantthe vation plateau which inland our is a and of wind; shaken mighty of Novemnight themob. On afforded. success His disapwas of the the of shaking powers were Saints homeless 1200 13,ber pointing, as the four however, is that It to needless heaven.'say banks the on unshelteredcamped nights in he observed the Utah, this the in encouraged sign heavens can river. One Missouri theof skies until were not it their revived exiles; the that overcast—and consternation the imaginehardly to he took aeroplane soared an and it fears; their that calmed hopes; their in prevailed have mustwhich high the clouds, above could he obit herald to the that seemed coming by all awakened were whencamp serve the objects his of study. Durtheir Deliverer, the of of God. son guards. the cries of excitedthe a ing 39 period minute counted he it the that need say awed we Nor Pratt P. this ParleyConcerning meteors. 49 of were them Many their a in pause made and mob autobiography: his inrecords bright, very left a and one phosfor a cruel season."proceedings

trail it phorescent as blazed his in further "CompreAnd morning next the o'clock two "About the trail through heavens. This signs the cries of the the of hensive Church,"History called by up werewe visible for was four about minutes our to arose, and heavens. thein We I, was, page 347, "There volume

it of when was shape out seemblown all firmament the astonishmentgreat of course, connection between no if as fire the works, wind. by splendid in envelopeded meteoric the shower annual been expanse had the meteoric This broad in star hasevery phenomenon brilliant unusually lawless sent course, its and that been from ithurled observed for centuries but

calamities the which ether. the Thouof wilds thethrough thoughyear—and has last only been the hundred saints; the befallen meteors the had shooting were meteors bright ofsands it years that has been fully exlong with the every direction had have fallen in would spacethrough saints plained.

course. in their light followingtrails of in their possesundisturbed been

This lasted for several hours, and was sions; but surely it ought not to HpHE solar system as a whole

sun. rising of the the closedonly by dawn

this filled at joy with heart wasEvery in wonders, signs and display ofmajestic fact—reof the and eightconsistsotherof planets,the sun, theirthe earth,satelexiles—mostbe thought strangeof themif some

showing the near approach of the coming garded the phenomenon as in some lites, numerous comets and an inof the Son of God."way connected with their sufferfinite number of smaller bodies

18 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

varying in size from a pea to a periodic phenomena and that those mountain. Each of these revolves which happened in November rearound the sun in its orbit and curred every 33 years. By historiwith a definite period. Sometimes cal research it was found that these

the orbits intersect each other and showers have visited the earth at if any two of the larger bodies intervals of 33 years for the last happen to be at this point of in1300 years. Professor Newton

tersection simultaneously a grave predicted their returns in 1866, catastrophe of colossal magnitude 1899, and 1932, which has been will happen. Fortunately no such verified except that in 1899 the

event has happened in the solar sysmeteoric showers were very much tem during the life of man upon less intense than those preceding.

the earth but collision with the (Reproduced from TYCOS) The reason for this periodic renumerous pea and cobble sized This most remarkable and acciturn is that these meteors form a particles is very frequent. The dental photograph teas taken in Cheswarm which journey around the

earth as it sweeps around the sun cotah, Oklahoma, while a camera ensun in an elliptical orbit requiring is continually encountering them, thusiast teas attempting to obtain a 33 years to complete the whole

It travels to the edge ofand when headon collisions occur silhouetteagainst theof nightthe highsky.schoolSuchbuildinga cojourney.

they pass through the atmosphere incidence may not happen again in a the earth's orbit (where we interat tremendous cept it) on one side of the sun, to velocities—somethousand years

times as high as forty miles a sec- a little outside of the orbit of ond. At these velocities the fricchosen to light in or near a modUranus on the other, making a distion of the air is so great that they ern city, the world would have tance of 2 billion miles across its

are heated to incandescence and, in experienced an unparalleled disorbit. This meteoric swarm is

most cases, are completely conaster. passing nearest to the sun simulsumed. It is estimated that two In north eastern Arizona near taneously with the earth on the

and onehalf million visible meteCanyon Diablo is a remarkable 1 2- 1 7 of November every 33 years, ors pass through our atmosphere crater in the desert about 4000 feet hence the many "shooting stars"daily. When they strike the earth in diameter with walls rising 150 on these dates.

they are called meteorites of which feet above the surrounding plain It is found that if, during a many large collections are extant and descending 600 feet precipimeteoric shower, one were to mark in national and civic museums. tously to the floor. Indian tradithe course of each meteor by a line

The largest on record in any coltion ascribes its formation to an on the celestial sphere and continue lection is one found by Admiral object coming out of the sky. these lines backward, he would

Peary in Greenland weighing 36 l/2 Hence its name "Meteoric Crater."find them all to converge to a certons, and housed at present in the Since there are no geological evitain point in the heavens. These

American Museum of Natural Hisdences of volcanic action near its November meteors converge to a tory in New York. location, the only other theory that point in the constellation Leo (the

The largest meteorite to ever will adequately explain its formasickle) in the eastern sky, and for strike the earth, of which science tion is that it was hit ages ago by that reason they are called the has any certain knowledge, fell a gigantic meteorite. This theory Leonid meteors.

June 30, 1908, in the remote provis given support by the fact that Other interesting meteoric showince of Yenisei, in Siberia. Acthousands of small meteorites have ers which appear in a less spectacucording to a report to the Astrobeen found around it in every dilar way annually are the Perseids

nomical Society of the Pacific, by rection. Erosion on its walls which radiate from the constellaMr. M. T. Bobrovnikoff, Russian show that it fell less than 5000 tion, Perseus, and which reach their

1 1exploring engineer, the arrival of years ago and cedar trees growing maximum about August this meteorite was one of the most on its brim furnish evidence that Orionids, whose maximum occurs spectacular events in the whole hisit is at least 700 years old. on October 20; and the Geminids

tory of the earth. Where it struck on December 10. But the best of

there now exists an area several TT was not until 1864 that Prothem all are the Leonids which miles in diameter where the earth fessor H. A. Newton of Yale, will reach their maximum splendor

is torn and furrowed as though by showed that meteoric showers were during the five days following No- a gigantic plough. Around this vember 12, 1932, when they will

in a circle scores of miles in ditake leave of Mother Earth for anameter, millions of dead trees now Note other generation.

that evidence Conclusive Note: stripped of theirlie flat and article will apauthor of this YHE actually the Metemadebranches, every all outtree pointing observers having predate of a meteor

ward from the center. At the nearthis meteoric shower on the nights of oric Crater in Arizona has recently

18th send 17, 16, and 15, been found by drilling. Novemberest settlement, 50 miles away, two

their results observathe of himfarmers were knocked by down will the totions. best be hours 12 The from

blast of the meteorite's fall and o'clock midnight to 4:00 a. m. Begin QBEDIENCE is the test of allescorched with heat. Both the heat counting meteors on the hour or quargiance, and he whom we obey,

wave and the explosion were perter hour and record the number countthe leader we elect to follow, is succeeding each minduring fifteenceived directs destiny, master our who results in the period. ute your Record

in righteousthe liberty of whetherA herdatofa railway1500 tame400 reindeer,miles away.beed tabular them and send to Wayne form

lieved to have been near the site B. Hales, Brigham Young University, ness or the serfdom of sin. James

of the fall, have never been seen Provo, Utah; E. Talmage, of the Council of the

since. Had this enormous visitor Twelve.

for theAJfome Gfamih Deliciously Satirical is this Monologue

By JOSEPHINE DAHL hello, Amy! How shelves are enameled, and have But Mary is in such a hurry about WHY,are,you? Haven't seen sliding glass panels, and there are the front hall fhat the floors will

you for ages. You're new bins and drawers. Pa handy? have to go for the time being.

if is talk use I can done, that "After Well, can any hammer man a fine. this rockHere, take looking

it, I all that's into I think there ave can saw, about Pa up and er if you'll exand the porch, and on is it I furinstall a to planning. the that can so he enough do when I'll cuse just a minute make me

fall; like this cut those nace cupcan shallow Oh, you down we

jl you're some lemonade, know different things. Well, doesn't in the dining boards on room? Pa it's a thirsty; day. Or such warm

suit; are really I designed a they cunning. them, never need he new inside; rather you'd come maybe

ii tell too. I better old the goes than anywhere. So you much Oh, is in coolest the the kitchen room

rails. it lot plate of a Yes, takes figuring took scheming.. some and see <my house. can the you Then

I scheming, planning though and range. gas new

that. credit doesn't yes, get for the no It's range. Pa a r\H>

I "Homelike? Well, try do lie I nights the about awake to know beauty, it? isn't I thought

it so, for these children make days out. figuring things it, while were we about might we

real a must have home. Mary * * * here, here look "And as well get a It one. good would

like doesn't this hall, oldfashioned finally finconsented to Pa Amy. all have been for paid onlynow,

since she's visiting been about with ish it upstairs, rooms two though laid Pa several for was up weeks fine her friends. school high She terrible I a time, took thought and half on he hurt his pay when

wants us to move away from this I'd never get through with the Oh, it was terrible for me, asleg.I

neighborhood, but J tell her that I mess and litter. But now Mary had to do the dressing after the first

can't everything Pa's accomplish on their and have rooms up Roy own I weeks. die, I'd two thought but

I I'd small wages. did that promise there; pleasant for more much couldn't afford a.nurse. we Now, tear try to partito out this get Pa it doesn't them, us so and crowd if I it only nerve, Pa's had

living the hall (and tion between stairs. are rooms down The all, not wouldn't have at bothered me

It's just room, but goodness! like quite yet; finished floors the need but I'm so tenderhearted senand

teeth get to pulling that man varnish, coat of another of and Pa is sitive. However, I did best; my to the mine anything around do to going in for bookshelves put every that. said,, I one knows As gets at house. night he home When Roy, a desk for and make Mary. were put some, back we everybut

tired, tired! course, he's always Of is all thing right now.

like a slave in that he does work

I "Yes, the keep place homelike; I've old trying been shop; machine I say the children real a must have October,get quit. for to to years But him home. And when consider you Emily Clowes Burke By feels can't that anything he he do that takes lessons, piano Mary and else, take to doesn't is and want rare so as what a day in June,"A ND takes violin, Roy that and I'm. ** a in If not day October? setting us back. chances on

all figuring, these things out of flora sleep, doth When

NATURALLY, I am the one AndBeneathhummingthe warmthingsfoldcreep smallhow I havewages,to plan.you mayAnd forknowall.

Of gold scarlet and scheming do the who has to work, says a nobody my word of October over. throws and managing. say so Lightly if I do And thanks. will never Pa appreciate

myself, no one could do better to O! what is so choice as the first June rose, what I've done until I'm gone.

give the (children advantages, and Luring with blushes a lover? "Some one coming? Goodness,

make a real home. That? Oh, Yet, more precious still that's Pa, and I haven't got supdistil, fragrance Doth little that's a chest spare Pa made in per ready. Pa's sweet But that last rose, very The time. pine, Just he you but know, he never way; complains about, first the Before snows,

stained and varnished it, and Lifting its head in October. meals. I'll just serve something,

oil. inside the brushed cedar with cold. did say? you What He

I take the Queen June! wreath not the it doesn't trimmings look With thin, from looks like walks fold an man? thy brow, it? I bad, does keep and Mary Well, at look see me! can You I from Though recover: thy charms

it. I furs our things in winter and ever so in gray hair much purpling haze Through my

planned it myself. And woods all a-blaze you look closely. But then, youif

"And see what I designed for the A rare vision stands, can't wonder that I'm aging when, pantry. Those old open shelves RegalcrownedMy heart goddess,in her hands,October! you think of the sleep I lose planwere such a nuisance. Now the ning a home for the family."

By CHRISTEN JENSEN

theFROMbeginning of time the element of conflict has been a dominating factor in our universal life. This struggle for existence is manifested in the most primitive forms of the animal

and the vegetable kingdoms as well as among the most advanced nations of mankind. The least

defenseless forms of life become the food and prey of the more developed types. The rule

of the jungle leads to the survival of the fittest. Even

among humans this conflict has been of periodic occurrence among all races from the savage to the most highly civilized. Conflict among savage

races is ordinarily restricted to smaller areas due to limited means of contact. But when

nearly all parts of the world are reached by instantaneous commuis affected by occurrences elsewhere. struggles becomes increasingly difnication, and it can be circled and Hence this element of conflict in its ficult. Not only are the difficulties

traversed in a few days we all realvarious forms tends to assume increased but the causes that give ize that this earth, in a figurative wider dimensions and, conversely, rise to conflict are enlarged with sense, has shriveled until each part the problem of localizing such the development of civilization.

ionalism and the future Now that we find ourselves upon a world around which we can speak in one seventh of a second, and can fly in a very few days, covered by a network of radio waves by means of which we can speak to the entire earth at once, how are we going to deport ourselves? Are we going to continue to \attempt to live as if it would take

six weeks to cross the ocean, or nearly a halfyear \to get a communication from San

Francisco to London or Geneva and back? Dr. Jensen, a student of international

relations, in this article gives his views.

looked upon as comhave denounced war. Our own

mon enemies. With church is a believer in world peace

the lapse of time the and good will. Its great missionpeace ideal assumed a ary system can best function and

more universal scope. operate in a world free from strife.

Great teachers such as The carrying of the gospel to all

Confucius and Buddha men can best be accomplished in emphasized the qualian atmosphere of love and peace.

ties of love and peace. President Joseph F. Smith has said,

Isaiah assured us that "Peace on earth, and good will to "the work of rightmen is our slogan. That is our

eousness shall be peace; principle. That is the principle

and the effect of rightof the Gospel of Jesus Christ."

eousness quietness and Pulpits throughout Christendom assurance forever."have resounded with appeals for

The writer of the the banishment of war and strife.

Psalms tells us that Still we are constantly confront- 'The Lord will give ed with strained international restrength unto his peolations, threats of war, and with ple; the Lord will bless wars of magnitude both great and

his people with peace,"small. England has been at war

and Paul admonishes over 400 years during the last the Colossian saints to eight centuries. Between 1450

"let the peace of God and 1600 about sixtyfive percent rule in your hearts."of the time was spent in fighting

Jesus, the greatest of among the nations. Forty wars

all teachers, in His Serwere fought between 1821 and mon on the Mount de1914. During the last half cenclared, "Blessed are the tury warfare existed during twenpeacemakers: for they tytwo percent of the time.

shall be of the amount called the chil- A LTHOUGH of dren God."is dewarfare time devoted % to

creasing the losses and costs of war

OINCE the days of are rapidly on the increase. Stathe Master t h e tistics must be used cautiously and

ideals of peace and are sometimes of doubtful value brotherhood have been in measuring the results of such taught and proclaimed catastrophies. Yet if we may acand preached in incept the statistics produced by one

creasing frequency authority (Buell) we are informed throughout the earth that twice as many men were killed but peace is still a willin the World War as in all other

And yet the ideals of peace and ofthe-wisp for which we anxwars since the French Revolution brotherhood are not of recent proiously and hopefully, and yet which began in 1789. He asserts

nouncement. Harmony within the sometimes vainly, reach. Men that the World War "brought

clan or tribe was the ordinary like Bossuet, Penn, Pascal and death to at least 10,000,000 men status even when all others were Kant are but a few of those who and it wounded 20,000,000 more.

22 The Improvement Era for November2 1932

It also brought death to some ten Although it seems evident that raany further influx of coolie labor million of civilians through pricial antagonism is not innate yet from India. Indeed Mahatma

vation, pestilence, and actual gunwe are conscious that racial antiGandhi first gained notoriety while fire. It left fatherless 9,000,000 pathy is now one of the disturbing he was in South Africa defending

orphans; it created 5,000,000 factors in world life. In previous his fellow countrymen against unwidows; it made destitute 10,000,- ages wars were fought chiefly for just discrimination from British

000 refugees. other causes but since the ninerule. The United States has not

The national debt of the United teenth century, as Lord Bryce has only prohibited oriental immigraStates increased from $1,188,000,- pointed out, racial motives have tion but has recently adopted a 000 in 1913 to $24,298,000,000 contributed more largely to intermore rigid immigration policy in 1920. During the same period national wars and misunderstandwhich excludes many Europeans

of time the national debt of the ings. Today, in this connection who formerly were permitted to

British Empire increased from $6,- we need but recall the antagonism enter this country. Here then is

897,000,000 to $31,803,000,- between Turks and Greeks, Turks another problem which can and 000; and that of France from and Armenians, Japanese and Kordoes give rise to international com-

$6,598,000,000 to $22,871,- eans, Americans on the Pacific sea plications and ill will.

000,000."board and orientals, the white and Often the people comprising one

"A NOTHER(Boeckel) says,authority"One eachrences"Thispartelsewhere."earthis affectedhas shriveledby occuruntil pactlybeingnationalityincludedsettled.are withinInsteadnot comoneof

week of the World War country they are so scatcost the United States tered that small clusters of enough to build in every one nationality are surstate 940 high schools at rounded by some larger $100,000; 1540 grade nationality to which they

schools at $40,000; 480 are subservient. This prechurches at $100,000; and sents the difficult question

1920 recreation centers, of the control of minoriwith swimming pools and ties. Before the World

playgrounds, at $35,000. War a majority of the inOne-half year cost the habitants of AustriaHun-

United States enough to cover the negro races in our Southern states, gary such as Poles, Czechs, Ruthpurchase of one automobile and and the general spirit of persecution enians, Slovaks, and South Slavs one tractor for every one of six and of the Jews. "hese are but illuswere subject to the German and

a half million farmers, with six trations of the manner in which Magyar governing class. Likewise

hundred million (dollars) left racial differences are a contributing in the Turkish Empire eight milover for good roads."element to international instabililion Turks rule thirteen million

Another writer (Eagleton) asty Arabs, Greeks, Kurds, and Armeserts that the staggering cost of The different races and nations nians. Less flagrant conditions

armaments in 1930 amounted to are not uniformly distributed on could be pointed out in Russia, $879,000,000 for the United the earth's surface. As a result Germany, and elsewhere. The

States, and $836,427,000 for the some countries have dense populamistreatment of minorities was one

British Empire: that the United tions while others are but sparsely of the factors which helped to

States spent 80 percent of her nainhabited. When the density of cause the World War. The new

tional budget for war purposes nations results in a lowering of national boundaries which were (past and present), whereas Engthe standards of living until life drawn at the close of this war land and France each spent 70 perbecomes a struggle for existence it reduced the minorities in Europe cent of their budgets for similar is but natural that this surplus from 54,000,000 to 16,800,000.

purposes. population should seek to move to Even yet this situation is one

The natural inquiry that comes other countries where land and which is fraught with real danger to the minds of most persons is, food are more plentiful and better and bitterness in European affairs.

"Why must international relations living conditions prevail. China,

be so conducted as to result in such Japan, and India furnish excellent HERE are about 3500 lancosts and suffering and misery?"illustrations of countries with guages and dialects spoken toThe question is more easily asked dense populations and low standday although the number of key

than answered. It may not be ards of living. languages is very much less. The

amiss, however, to attempt to point importance of language has been out some of the basic and funda- '"pHIS attempt to redistribute well set forth by the Frenchman, mental causes of this world conpopulation gives rise at once Louis Legrand, in the following dition for no remedies can be adto the immigration question. The words: "The dictionary of a peovocated until the causes are undermore prosperous nations with high ple is not only the vocabulary of

stood. standards have generally limited its speech, it is also the treasury

or refused admission to the comof its ideas."Meillet declares that

TT has been estimated that there mon laboring classes from these Europe "has been a linguistic bat- 1 are from 1 700 to 1 900 million other countries. Australia, New tleground in which all its ininhabitants on the earth today. Zealand, and Canada have restricthabitants have changed their speech

These are subdivided into races, ed oriental immigration and South once—some many times."Connations, and various other groups. Africa has put up the bars against (Continued on page 32)

(take presidents and a bishop discuss Jithing Since a most difficult year is drawing rapidly to a close, it is timely to consider the matter of tithepaying. Several stake presidents and a bishop whose stakes and wards have stood well up toward the front in the payment of tithing have written a few lines

stating their attitudes toward this law of tithing. Thinking that

many of our people will be interested in the matter just now, we here present some of these statements which have come into the office of "The Improvement Era."

It will be interesting to read the editorial (in the September number) by President Heber J. Grant, editor of this magazine, in

connection with these reports.

Tithe Paying in the Juarez Sttfke

By PRESIDENT RALPH B. KEELER

V/TEN have little difficulty in givof living. They have tried and missionaries, ward teachers, stake

ing support to an institution tested and found genuine the and ward officers are instructed to which they consider genuine, promises of the Lord. Their unique stress the practical living in Morworthwhile, and beneficial. If and trying experiences during the monism. Tithing comes in as one

their confidence is aroused beyond Mexico revolutionary days (1912 of these practical principles.

the point of doubt support is not to 1929) wherein, by necessity In the second place, we have a difficult for protection, to obtain. they brought were recorps bishops of who pleasantly

closer together to the and and organized plan for closer No direct collectively us and individmind tithes that Lord, have taught the God'sstimulating them of payment ually, offensive, not and in a way if fulfilled are promises in Stake. they obey the Juarez is followed increase beof that onetenth our

Tithe paying is a secondary conHis commandments. It is this conlongs to the Lord and that it is

sideration but it is of primary refidence and faith in the Gospel Plan best to pay it at the time it is sult. In annual percapita tithes that leads the Latterday Saints in earned.

this Stake has occupied a front Mexico to pay tithing. Our camline position for many years. This paign is not so much a direct plan Confidence in and loyalty to the

is due principally to two reasons: for stimulating tithepaying as it is Church, together with pleasant

First, members of the Church in for an increase in knowledge, and vigilance on the part of our bishops this little far off Stake have deabove all confidence in, the whole is the secret to tithepaying in the veloped a confidence in God's plan Gospel scheme. Our bishops, home Juarez Stake.

of Tithing How We Have Encouraged the Payment

By PRESIDENT LEROY WELRER HpRYING to appreciate the diffiFirst, bulletins have been pretalk over tithing matters, encourcult situation the Church must pared on the subject and placed in age its payment regularly, and rebe thrown into as a result of the the hands of all the ward teachers ceive the same. Where this has

present depression, the officers of of the stake, who have carried the been done, it has been quite efthe Bear Lake Stake, and of the message to every family of the fective.

wards thereof, have determined to stake. This was done early in the Third, the stake presidency

do all they can to lend a helping year and followed up in subsemeet once a month with the folhand. To make that help most quent months. lowing stake workers: presidencies

effective, both for the church and Second, the bishops of all the of Melchizedek Priesthood quorpresidencies of auxiliaries, ums, for those rendering the help, it was wards were asked by the stake bishops, correlation high council, decided to keep up a campaign for presidency to be in their offices, or group. These groups are urged to

the payment of tithing. Four chief at a comfortable and quiet place pay tithing and to encourage it

means have been employed in the once a week for a number of hours among their members. Such a

campaign. to meet any one, old or young, to method reaches out quite widely.

24 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

Fourth, kindly confidential, entithing last year to urge them to The plan has not been 100 per couraging letters have been written do so this. It has had a wholecent perfect, but it has kept tithby the stake presidency direct to all some effect in a number of cases, ing up to a point from which it

members of Melchizedek Priestand many encouraging replies have would have woefully fallen withhood quorums who did not pay been received. out it.

Tithing, the Law of the Lord By PRESIDENT H. S. ALLEN

CINCE the organization of the Surely one cannot have real faith and consistent tithepayers. "Train

Stake we have endeavored to in a plan instituted, as we claim, up a child in the way he should go.

select officers who believe in the for the salvation of all men, if he and when he is old, he will not principle of tithing, and consistentwithholds his financial support depart from it."

ly obey it. The attitude of these from it. In recent years the talks on tithofficers toward tithepaying and Children have been encouraged ing in all meetings held in the

their example have had a wholeto get their names on the tithing Stake and Wards, during the some effect on others. For many record when eight years of age, and month of May have been effective.

years, with the cooperation of keep them there as tithepayers as Frequently Ward Teacher's LeafBishops and Priesthood Officers, long as they live. Good results lets on tithing have been prepared.

we have labored with the indifferhave come from these efforts. It In the whirl and struggle of life

ent and many of these have become has been gratifying to note the many may not give the subject the tithepayers. large number of boys and girls who thoughtful consideration it re

We have held up the principle have become school teachers, and quires, so it is necessary as opporof tithing as the Law of the fcord, others who have entered other lines tunity offers, and wisdom would and a solemn obligation resting on of employment as wage earners, dictate, to keep the principle before all saints to observe and keep. who have continued to be faithful the members of the church.

Maricopa Stake Answers By PRESIDENT J. R. PRICE

piNANCIAL deliverance from paid our tithing honestly and did Our Seventies organized at home debt through the payment of our duty in missionary work. have baptized seventyfive adults

Tithing and spiritual advancement The results from our efforts in the first six months of this year.

through missionary work"has missionary work have been equally They are organized in districts and been the slogan of the Maricopa gratifying. We have maintained one hundred Seventies devote at

Stake for the past six years. These one per cent of our population in least six hours each week distrib

topics have been presented conthe mission field most of the time uting tracts, holding cottage and sistently and regularly to the Saints during the years that this slogan ball meetings and visiting outsidat various times and especially in has been our ambition. Fiftyseven ers.

missionaries field in were the whenour Conferences year. each Ward with of the Lord promises The the financial crash came, not and Councilor one andA High memfol- to blessings reference that the one to return had his until homeber of the Stake Presidency were faithtithe paying honest low and time was of of account on up lackassigned before talk to hand on fulness to to preach His command fact, funds. In have we nowthese subjects. Special preparation are every the gospel manifest on thirtyeight young and men womhas been made to present these topen in the missions of the world. hand in our Stake, and our people

ics, keeping in mind the results deTen have received calls in the last are happy and faithful even in a sired, which would follow if we six weeks. time of distress to others.

Teaching Tithing

By PRESIDENT SAMUEL F. SMITH

V\/"E teach tithing as a religious method of collecting. It's a wellmons who are standards for exduty, without promising nigh perfect system for maintainamples in their method of paying

any great reward except in Spiriting a major institution, but, more tithing. For example, Grandfather

ual it this, than all major of which is to Latterday J. William blessings—the Flake—ninetythree

Israelis an inward satisfaction of the "duty will of the word and a years in had a pride old—haswell done."manifest time, in Lord our anew record annually. year Last of $100

There is a lot of philosophy in restored with a Priesthood with it seemed that he couldn't make itthe law of tithing—the simplicity His authority to administer it for but this was his characteristic reof the computation—the equity of the blessing of the people. mark, "If the Church is in need Ithe financial burden—the simple We have a lot of old style Mormust not fall down on my part.

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 25

The welfare of the Church is my settle monthly to a cent and then ter to be left to one's conscience welfare."to the render statement annual an of a matter as many contend—but also are perfect or very have a dozen These or two Bishop. We acaccurate paying accounting and are perfect nearly tithepayers. examples prominent men who

for keeping accurate accounts and Tithing is not so much a matcordingly.

Tithing By BISHOP NICHOLAS G. SMITH

17ROM my infancy I have been a Saints'hearts were warmed toward in helping to make our Ward a rectithe payer. My mother taught the gospel the tithing and offerord breaker.

me that the Lord had given that ings would take care of themselves. Years of experience in observas a way to show I loved him. I However I opened up our guns on ing members of the Church in the

didn't have to pay it at all, as it the subject of "Tithing"this way. Mission field and here at home have

was a free will offering. But if Brethren and Sisters: The year convinced me that Mother was

I paid generously the Lord would will soon close and we would like right. The Lord rewards the

see that I was generously rewarded. everyone who believes the Lord tithepayer generously.

As I grew to manhood I wonwill keep His promises, to pay his dered when men tried to force peotithes. We don't want anyone to

ple to pay by scaring them into it. pay a cent donation of any kind if

I used to wonder why it was kept he feels that he cannot trust us or secret in Ward reports as to what the brethren who preside over us In These Hard Times paid. in the Church. you wantwas day the amount One We to A FEW days ago, a ragged, unwhispered Bishop "Our to me just the out be one come same andmy

the of mountains shaven man tithpaid nearly $20,000.00ward just will us; love with you we

store, a in to country and made as came year,ing last don't tell but or tithing anyalways whether pay you in a purchases. badly was few Heone. are not. to going about worry We pair coat a of need and new a new

I asked him why and he anpaying our own tithing and not of overshoes. The biggest item on

swered that some people would yours. If you wish to pay, we the bill was a dollar and half's worth

stop paying if they knew there was promise you the blessings of the of tobacco and cigarette papers. There

so much coming in. That remark Lord, and whether you pay or not was very little food in the order, for

bothered me for years and there dewe know the Lord loves you. So the purse was almost empty.

veloped in me a feeling of rebellion, do just as you wish in that matter. In ordinary times when men have

if you may call it such, when I We will report to you every a few dollars which they consider heard folks say we had to pay our quarter just how much our Ward spending money, the purchase of a tithing, and that it was none of has paid and what our expenses are, dollar and a half's worth of tobacco in significant; so but be not would the businessour much Ward how is it this for bedoesn't your ward;

are relief agencies these days when it Ipaid. think mere don't was feel Bishopric, to the long and we to to in supply limit order the taxed feel part, I didcuriosity but on my seeinterested will that in be you necessities families the bare needy with

I in the athat part owner was it better ing other than do any life, needed of the of spending much if were paying good and weWard in the Church. is Ward for longer tobacco a prino money

like to bedividends hap- I would a matter, crime becomes vate but $24,- that year was Our tithing If there Bishop. along with mypy public against supply the which must

year, the following 1923, reason towas be then 432.26, unhappy the that tobacco the would food money

to and grew $28,642.93, all it carry the Bishopric havewhy a sack sack of flour and bought. for have A

it $39,- reached a total of 1924the load, jolly the will a long maybe we could when go way of mush him out of feeling bad. 450.90. Then adjustments were need arises; but one family was dewonderful lost some made and we of prived it because the father was Bang! Out of a clear sky one tobacco. tithepayers blocks a user of through a few

night in Council meeting High being cut off from our Ward and In the same store, a man came to notifiedPresident L. Morris Nephi

credit.me that I was to be made Bishop. given to two other wards. Our the manager, and asked for

well, settled manager $35,- knew the around man too The downStrange as it may seem Patriarch tithing to grant enough not foolish was years. Last and per year for 6 000.00

that promised SmithJohn had me refused, request. the the being On year in however, with we common a invery blessing thing twenty little tobacco, say- a for begged man suffered a loss wards with manyyears before. the Society ing other that Relief and a to drop $29,140.99. However

it relief agencies see to that would in the Bishopric been I had the doesn't matter amount when their his dole food; but family had receivedabout a month when we into takes the consideration one include tobacco. didn'ta Presidthe communication from fact a that out of membership on

if I Office so thereing be to reBishop's asking us would wonder much record tithing of paid 1301, 769 in States suffering today, the United getting our people aboutmind in gives record us a which 1931, if bill for the such monstrous nontheir tithing before of the paid end little a of over of our mem59% tocoffee tea essentials as and and year.the as bers tithepayers. they And off, the stricken proand do bacco were

Our preaching had been about it because the Lord wants them to ceeds used for the purchase of flour other things. We felt that if the as well as because they are pleased and butter and mush?

26 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

runesPoetry and By CRISTEL HASTINGS

upon a time there The Poet paused in his work,ONCElived a poet who was quite mopped his brow and stood before poor. He was rich in the tree in appreciative silence. Vaideas but he couldn't cash in on grant thoughts shaped themselves

his assets. Editors shook their in his heart and there was sudden

heads over his wellmeant contrimusic in his soul.

butions and every so often were That night a poem was slipped forced to replenish their stock of What are the springs of intodress aonruralthe mailenvelopebag andwas thethat adofrejection slips.

The Poet toiled and worried poetry? Who can say? In an editor who had been patient in

along, as poets do, but the finanthis fable this California poet the past but extraordinarily and cial outlook was not so good. consistently generous with rejechas advanced an elusive idea. tion slips.Prunes every morning for breakfast and the deadly sameness of The next day the Poetfarmer

things dried up the fount of in- a snowy shower of fragrant blosagain looked upon the snowy tree spiration, and even the Poet grew soms. It was a happylooking with its shower of petals all a-

jumpy with a troublous thing tree and exquisitely beautiful to flutter, and that very night ancalled nerves. At last he gave up look upon. The air all about other new poem was transferred

in despair. was heavy with the sweet perfume from his heart to a bit of paper,

of its white blossoms. Bees found of Enough and that, too, went into the mail would poetry—he it the center of attraction butandgo to a farm bag! and bare toil with his

hands. He would get away from terflies hovered all about it as

though in worship. Every boughprunes and rejection slips. from one then went by, and A WEEK hidden was of feathery in a massHe'd the show that world he was a note day came from white blossoms.not above hoeing corn and milking the in patient between thereeditor—andcows. proceed would He to earn a check! Poet's folded was The

shekels by the beady moisture of heart danced for joy! He had

his brow. Scars made the grade!

And so the Poet bedecked himself in rough togs until he looked By Rose Liechty The following day came anthe acceptance! other happy And like a scribe, a rubemore than and the upon rugged surface burst heart almost joy! Poet's with *QfCARShied himself into forth the sweet- a weathered, Of hill, wasted slip to the to but down He hadsmelling a for country clothed be job. in soft, green He foliage May

orin the smelling sweet corner everstriving will. an Bylanded to one a farm on and went lookthe stood chard happy where before sunup nextwork morning.

Scars that once deep were bleeding, tree in pale petals of and bedecked ing started in aHe by spraying young tree, life a where On means much to the loveliness fragrant write andorchard. shears Pruning are clothed became in softest laces Too in his heart of words. thoughts spider's a fairy touch. Atless of the a mystery before to him

out night the Poet sought That first of theend week and the ache

Scars the soul Life blazons, upon for the old farmer he workwhom leftgradually his muscles. leaves their place, nor hide Lace can tree the asked ed about and him eyes glance teardimmed But upwhen

/"\NE morning down in a corner ward, that had opened the way to hapof the orchard the poet found They behold God's smiling face! piness and success for him.

a tree covered, head to foot, with It was a prune tree!

The Qift of

By ISABEL NEILL

Few gifts have meant so much to the arid valleys of the

West as uthe gift of water?''Owen Wnd Ruth might easilyhave been your grandparents—if you are of the 'Pioneers.

to come since they had as if slowly, them ever it tooFLYING iValley. known had They Rocky felt the heat of the summer

succeed to little farming about too day, great a the was hawk that. But granted once, at had and livingonly thing could Blake Ruth had nor neither Owen Ruthsee as she stood the bare before to the that labor was of dreamedlittle cabin the sagebrush on covof long, hot days the be

hill theirs—ofered that July morning. The of sharpness bitter the of summer,hills rolled their endlessly, away,

greenishgray merging at last into winter. They had not planned

the blue of the distance. on the dust storms of spring, or

fall had the winds. cutting They occasional Only an broke sound

grief that would of the not known silence.the It quick, was the sharp

theirs the lambs be baby whenbeat of a pick striking a rock. Ruth the died, cow sickened and when

it It was. whatknew was Owen, her fell broke a bluff and fromat his perpetual and heartbreaking

task of seeking water. neck, when Ruth's pet riding horse

mysteriously sickened and died the thing they was Water! That and there was no money to replace their for needed comfort andmost

happiness. The water barrels her.

stood in the shade at the back of And they had not realized there the house, some of them with would be no water. The real

staves loose from the dryness. estate agent, on that first trip to

Every few days Owen would take Rocky valley, had taken them to them and drive to the Grayson several farms, all green and prosplace, five miles down the river, perous.

and fill them.,lt was a long task, "Artesian wells,"he had ex-

a heartbreakingly heavy one. plained, waving his hand at the

alfalfa fields purple with blosvalley's undermined soms. "This saving learned to be hadnUTH

a well, it. Strike Strike with it. it as a water, regarding with

precious fluid. At first, fresh from and you've;water enough for irrithe city, she had been prodigal of gating great sections."

it, using it freely for all her household duties, watering the flowers LJE had made it sound so easy.

she had tried to grow in the hardOwen and Ruth had believed baked soil around the house. that they would merely dig and

find immediately an artewould she had Now learned—bitterly, springing sian well, one of those surely. dishes onShe washed but

ly once a day, to save water. She fonts that would water the land

scrubbed carefully, using as little and make it;bring forth great

water as possible. She took sponge crops.

baths instead of heating gallons They had felt almost like cheatfor the tub. ers to offer the small sum they

Lack of water seemed part of could pay for the ranch, and were the bad fortune that had pursued surprised when he accepted it so 28 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

readily. They had moved to the Owen's. If they left, all would Owen objected a bit.

ranch in hope, making the best of be lost. "Not much point in having a

the small cabin that had been "I don't believe I could go well if we have to carry the water erected by a former settler, and back,"she had answered slowly. all this distance,"he murmured.

had gone about the business of "Maybe we'll have to go,""I think it's a good place,"she farming in a serious way. Owen told her. "I'm going to said. "And if you find water, I'll

Owen had dug the first well in dig another well, and if I don't carry it."

high hope. strike water this time, I think I'll He had started to dig. He had

"I have a feeling we'll get artegive up. It's too hard, without dug for days, and the only water

sian water,"he said. He had dug water. Water means hope to us."he found was the muddy seeping

and dug for days in the sun, and Ruth hadn't answered. She from the pool. Nothing fresh or

had located water at last, but bitcould not find the words to comalive or clear.

ter, brackish water that even the fort Owen. In her heart she beHe was ready to give up, but

for Ruth remained cheerful, and urged cattle refused. He had dug again gan a strange petition—a plea

and again. Many empty holes faith for both of them. him on.

testified to futile attempts. There

had been the glorious day when CURELY, somewhere in the MOW she decided to go to him.

he had really found water, sweet, great silence, there was a PresShe went to the water bag cold water, but a few weeks later ence,,great and unseen, who cared in the storehouse, and filled a botit dried up and further digging about two questing souls who asktle with the water, wishing it were in the hole didn't help at all. ed so little. She would ask for cooler. She carried it down the

Nearby ranchers had offered adwater, and would believe she little slope to him. He climbed

vice. would receive it. up from the well, sat down and

"Get a real driller,"old Tom From the moment she felt betdrank, and then wiped the great

Thornby advised. "He can keep ter. The next morning when beads of perspiration from his foreon going until he gets to water. Owen, harassed and worn, picked head.

Then you'll have something."up his tools and started back to "You might as well give in,"

drillers real take money, But him. task, she his went with he said wearily. 'There's no

littleand and had so Ruth Owen the place,"choose "Let me there."she water

it left risk dared they not on a sigh. assented begged. He "I is,"there think she answered,venture, water. even for as They bad place was One as good—orwith a it as if and voice other was somedid artesian of even not dream another. than her—as the spoke word. ownwells drinknow. with Any well, a little gully to some Ruth went "Keep on, deeper."Owen. Dig welable water, have been would a house, the where distance from

come. mudhole stood, even in summer, Owen climbed back into the pit,

and where the cattle drank. his face dark with anger. He

(\WEN had changed in these last picked up the pick, and began to strike great, slogging blows. Ruth look months. few A baffled sat close to the edge, watching him. to his eyes.had come He knew, God's Children

from the other inhabitants of the "I'll die here, in this blazing valley, that he had been badly By Lee Berry sun, clawing away at this rock,"

Owen shouted. "And I'll never twicecheated; that had paid he A N honest man stood with shovel in find water."as it for the ranch was -**as much hand,

worth, and that he probably would His bared feet thrust in the soil. Then, as if in answer to his

never be able to eke out even a 'Twas the fresh turned earth that gave challenge, a thin stream of water a crack below hismeager existence on it. And himHe thankedbirth God for such sweet spouted from

"It's jinxed,"the oldtimers retoil. feet. He watched it unbelievingly.

vealed. "Lots of men have tried And God answered back with a soft He widened the crack. Up it

breeze glowing stronger. and He,of old the somethingto make came—higher to his cheeks blood drew warm That the again, the pick dug in and place,Fothergill given have but his soul, kissed hair his and tousled it And flew thicker stream became and it's meek.up. and water I guess having humble no him Making

that breaks them down."And God spoke with music of singing higher.

birds for sat out, and "He climbed the verge on was Owen Now in the way himself showed And rise the water watching son, a moment spiritof this up. giving His manly and clothed fed was He

broken, too. And God heard his prayers each day. and fall again.

his toil rewards soil sweet earth's The believe "I don't back you "Wouldn't like to go sunshine, rain and warm Mid it last. "But thereto Junction City, he Ruth?"than chance more is—anit,"he artesiansaid at bestowed had Gifts by

asked only a few nights earlier. For God is loving and fine, well. Water for this field, water

mist, cattle, unformed all endless gar- a than the greater for for water And startled the at been Ruth had thrones, topless than higher it And can for you! have den We desolate ranch,question. and The us all loves father actual who An the to don't house. piped Why it bones. flesh as and was,unproductive meant of this Like man

much to her. It meant freedom you say something, Ruth?"

clearly to me, so came poetic dream fixed her eyes This with But Ruth the noise Juncdust of andfrom plain, and living, so deep So a her, far the blue sky above on bittertion the City, compefrom the borrowed have I that I must fear That lips, said smile only her strange on life alltition, she the of from words hated. In the ranch were tied up the And hardly dared sign my name. two strange words.

savings of her own hard youth and "Thank You."

Another AilAmerican Selection

ational

By MARGARET C.

strutting about in MOLONEYTHEY'RE their pens gobbling up the corn and adding pound to pounds getting ready for the feasts that are coming. We all

know our turkeys on the platter but few of us know turkey history. To be sure turkey his

tory doesn't add anything to that turkey taste, but there must always be table talk. It

might be interesting to have a look at the turkey's family tree.

He's an American bird.

But contrary to the popular belief it wasn't Christopher Columbus who introduced him to Spain. Christopher

Columbus overlooked the turkey. We don't know

why; but Pedro Nino, the gay

adventurer, coming after, didn't overlook the opportunity offered to gain the good graces of his king and queen. He had sampled the roast

and he was a connoisseur of wild game.

'TTHE Venezuelan Indians had a flock of the birds corralled. "What'll you take for

the outfit?"Pedro asked. The Indians said nothing

as Indians are so likely to do, but they eyed the string of beads that the Spaniard had around his neck.

Pedro, along with being a connoisseur of wild game, was a natural born trader. "Bead a head,"he offered.

The Indians shook their heads. "Make it two,"Pedro

came up on his offer. Still the Indians shook their

heads. "Three"Pedro shouted. "Well, then, four,

and not a bead more."The Indians grunted their

acceptance, and Pedro sailed back to Spain with a goodly flock. He cared for them well enroute, and

when they strutted down that gangplank gobbling and all ashine the Spaniards went wild. The Spanish

people are great for strutting. They couldn't be fooled

on that display advertising. They took to the turkey

and they never went back on him.

Not so with Merrie England. The conservative

Englishman didn't approve of the strutting. The

30 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

birds were allowed to stay since to roast turkey for his Christmas the fact that he dared smash the old they were there but they were kept dinner. boar's head tradition and pass his

simpleton. was no peafowls, birds, pheasants, the reigned with monhas—lyreoff in pens with the birds of show From that day to this the turkey plate for the turkey shows that he find prices 1931 we Comparing years like. fifty the For and for great day the archs in England—aalong only the turkey was about that the in England escaped the axe turkey turthe the but hard on monarchs

If year. last depression we needed then James the First, put on—andthe flocks increasing with the years key. thing that held its own with the Then when the pilgrims landed was the turkey that any assurance the crown.

they found turkeys running wild well chosen as the Great Rational thankful. so they were all doubts. allay that Bird would like pork. didn't Boar's—andJAMES ailAmer- an turkey's the Yes, so Christmas much about the popular know head, We don't

dish, made him sick. He ordered James the First, personally, being ican bird than which there is none

it away, and commanded the chef a bit hazy on ancient history, but better.

>-—e*g|gW'"-<

Continued how page 1$1 The Age of Salesmanship

Trust Company, desirous of atlows him, longo intervallo? What iting their enrollments, thus mak

tracting your attention, has set up if ours be but the Silver Age of ing it more abundantly plain that an electric sign facing your winSalesmanship, the shadow of the there is no purpose in their frantic dow and a quarter of a mile away, golden prime of Darwin, Barnum, salesmanship, except the perfectly timing it to go on and off every and Lydia Pinkham? laudable one of being in fashion.

four seconds. The night is hot One morning soon after these No one can say of them that their

and vou cannot close the wininstruments reached our shores, a manner sorts not with this age, dow, but it would be easier to friend who had been blessed with from which they stand apart.

sleep in a moving picture theatre. one met me.

And as the Lapland Trust Com- "I used a Darwin razor this "VTEWSPAPERS estimate their pany patiently winks you to sleep, morning,"he cried, "and I surown greatness by the number you bitterly resolve that were the vived!"I warned him against too of inches of advertising they can

whole realm of nature yours, and hasty inferences, but does this not sell, until now what news they the Lapland Trust the only bank throw a new light upon the alcontain is confined to the upper in existence, you would never ways difficult subject of British outer corner of the page, where a deposit there. Truly, if this be humor? Is it wholly lacking, tiny triangular island of news still

salesmanship, then give us death! after all, or merely deeper than lifts its head, not yet engulfed by

Yet for all its famed exuberwe have supposed? the rising tide of salesmanship. On

ance, publicity itself sometimes The triumph of Salesmanship other pages the engulfment is com tires. The happy possessor of a is written most clearly in its secplete.

matchless collection of rattlesnake ondary effects upon the language So also are the magazines. Some

rattles in the southwest, modestly and still more upon the psychology demon of display having conceived described it as having taken a long of religion, education and philanthe idea of interspersing articles time to make, "as well as trouble thropy. Everything is now a sellwith advertising, at the most

and expense."Evidently danger ing proposition. We must "sell"thrilling moment in narratives of

counts for nothing with this inthe cause, the institution, the romance or adventure, one is contrepid pioneer, who coolly offers charity. Our appeal is a "line."fronted with pills, plasters, tombrattles at twentyfive cents each, The teacher must "sell"instrucstones, refrigerators or radios. If

and rattler skins at fifty cents a tion. Even the minister must we must have them why not make

foot. What a place is Texas! Fear "sell"religion. 'The church them fit? Yet one looks in vain

must be utterly unknown, and the that's different"is the slogan of for any effort to arrange the matedeadly rattler, as the novels call a western congregation that has rial rationally, or to relate literahim, means no more to them than felt the spell. ture to advertising in such a way

so much spaghetti. Less in fact, How promptly have those sensias to enhance the effect of each.

for in a Texas diner, I have seen tive plants of our civilization, the But how glorious to interweave a rugged man wrestling with a universities, responded to this the artistry of salesmanship with plate of spaghetti with look and challenge of salesmanship. The that of literature, each illustrating

gesture not unworthy of Laocoon stadium is the storefront, and the the other! Like that ancient artist

himself. headsalesman is the publicity diwho first conceived the idea of

rector. Friday night is sacred to painting a statue! Take any of

TF publicity is the herald of salesthe Pepsession, the laudable purthe magazines and spend a winter manship, science is its acolyte! pose of which is to sell the morevening with your friends rear-

"Darwin Razors: Motto, Fittest row's game to the students. The ranging it on this principle, and

Survive."Science at the chariot papers are filled with the deeds, note the improvement.

wheel of salesmanship! Or was doings, honors, achievements, acThe trouble is that the acme

the salesmanship really Darwin's tivities and performances of the of salesmanship is selling you after all, and was the famous motto prize professor. The thing that something you do not want. Look

just the publicity by which he ingives charm and significance to all about you. Your cook has a lot

troduced the salesmanship of his this is that the very institutions she does not want. How did she

science? Have we then convicted that are most assertive in their get it? Somebody sold it to her.

Charles Darwin of salesmanship adoption of salesmanship and all You take a magazine or two you in which Darwin Limited but folits works are at the same time limdo not want. Somebody sold

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 31

them to you, to win a high it, and myself in the market for least some means of selfprotection school course, or a trip to Europe, another! against this distinctive peril of our

or send the minister to Palestine. day? Some slight technique at all

Thus too many of us become posTV/TUST we then prohibit salesevents, in the way of selfdefense, sessed of things we do not and manship? The attack of the so that we may put up a show of

never did want, to the glory of strong salesman, amply backed and resistance, and at least gain a mosalesmanship. highly trained, a practical psyment's time for reflection, so as

A powerful group of financiers chologist, a shrewd economist, not to be absolutely dumb before is now endeavoring to sell me anwith beautiful manners, and the the shearer, as it were.

other house. Learning that I alskill of a state's attorney in cross But how idle to talk of schools

ready have one, they have resorted examination, upon the mere layof salesmanship when we practice to the extraordinary fiction that I man, can have but one result. You it from childhood. An enterprishad expressed a wish to sell it, in will buy. No power on earth can ing newspaper has just put before

order to create a demand on my save you. the children of the City of Depart for another. The matter got But lest I seem to exaggerate, struction an alluring offer of 50,-

as far as the telephone. and since truth is so much stranger 000 bicycles, skates and scooters to

"You are wrong,"I frantically than fiction, let me quote from a be had free, just by getting a few cried. "I have never even thought tract of the great cult that has just new subscriptions. Three will enof selling."been left at my door, by a free title you to a scooter. Surely any

"Oh yes, you have,"reprovschool of salesmanship: promising child, still more any puingly answered the voice of Sales- "Every day we are all selling ny or sickly one, should be able to

manship, "We have it on good something, whether it be merget three subscriptions. Is it not

authority that you wish to sell."chandise, ideas, or services. Every plain that we are born to salesmanWhat is the Spanish Inquisition man has the makings of a salesship as the sparks fly upward?

or the Third Degree compared man in him. I can train you to Even our native knight errantry,

with this? I am still strong, but become a successful salesman."the Cowboy's Reunion Associahow much longer can I hope to No doubt he can. But over tion, has felt the spell of salesmanhold out against the attrition of against this army of trained sucship, and calls upon you on bethese assaults? We all know the cessful salesmen, what are the proshalf of Con and the Boys to help

power of suggestion. In the end, pects of the untrained unsuccessboost the saltiest Rodeo in the

I may become bewildered, contraful public? What about us? Are Southwest again this year. Alas!

dict myself, lose my temper under we just to buy, and buy, and buy, we cannot doubt that when these withering crossexamination and world without end? Or can we centaurs begin to advertise, the end

find my house sold before I know devise, if not a free school for it, at is not far away.

THE EMBARKATION OF THE PILGRIMS IN THE SPEEDWELL AT DELFSHAVEN, HOLLAND painting figure Capitol the Bible represents Brewster. After of the Elder with open at Washington. The central At in the Rotunda by Weir

his left are, reader's pastor. in! the right, Carver, kneeling in Standish In the foreground at the order, Bradford, Rose; and wife and Robinson,

left foreground, Mr. and Mrs. White, and standing behind them, Mr. and Mrs. Winslow; standing behind Brewster, Mr. and Mrs. Fuller. Mr.

Robinson is represented as offering the final prayer before this tragic separation of July 21, 1620.

32 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

4iJohn Andreas WidtsoeContinued\pagefrom1 and soul bors; she has shown marked ability Under the direction of Dr. with hope satisfying—permeatedand glorified with a in doing this. Widtsoe she presides over the Resublime faith, this is a remarkable She is a college bred woman of lief Society, Young Ladies'Mutual

philosophy of life. capacity and intellectual power Improvement Association, and PriIt was a significant day in the whose soundness of judgment, mary Association of the European

life of John A. Widtsoe when he evenness of temper, and sweetness Mission. Congenial, constructive

married Leah Dunford. No womof disposition have won the confiin her thinking, genuinely religan could have complemented more dence and affection of all who ious, she is a leader among women.

completely his.life than she has know her. Dr. Widtsoe's fine Scandinavian

done. With an intelligence and an She has cooperated with her background, his wise choice of a

understanding of the most unusual husband in his work,and sustained companion, his profound underorder she has promoted his interhim in every crisis ofhis life. With standing of the glorious religion of

ests. Appreciating his capacity and dignity and ability she presides in the Master as revealed through the

the importance of his work she has his household and manages its doProphet Joseph i Smith, and his relieve tosought affairs mestic possible of all in him "a way to deep devotion to make of these it;—allburdens his has and managed delightful a center their home home synchronizing completely with one

and borne the responsibilities of the where notables have been enterof the most original and brilliant family as far as possible in order tained and charmed with the spirit intellects we have known, accounts that he might be free and unof welcome and hospitality which for his splendid achievements and hampered in the pursuit of his laprevails there. predicts a great future for him.

-Ztf&jSp&l*- Internationa/ism and the Future Continuedpagefrom22 quered peoples have often found 144,000,000; Protestants 207,- revolutions, the growth of impethe use of their language curtailed 000,000. NonChristian religions rialism, the contest for colonial

or suppressed. have the following strength: Moempire and spheres of influence and

Since a language helps to create hammedans 209,000,000, Budthe exploitation thereof, the de- a unity among those who speak dhists 150,000,000; Hindoos mand for world markets and the

it, it is not surprising that the lan230,000,000; Confuscianists and control of basic raw materials, the

guage problem has played an imTaoists 351,000,000. Each of competition in shipping and merchportant part in the diplomatic and these major religions is composed ant marines are some of the elepolitical controversies of the world. of numerous sects. In past cenments which can and do furnish a

When Germany occupied Belgium turies some of the most bloody and basis for opposition and conflict.

in the World War she deliberately devastating wars have been caused Closely related to these are such separated the people of Flanders by religious differences. Today the problems as international trade and

who speak Flemish from the Walspirit of religious toleration has credit, the establishment of nationloons in the administration of that made itself manifest in some parts al trade barriers in the form of tarcountry. Today the language quesof the world but even now reiffs and embargoes, monetary systion remains one of the vital probligious divergences cause some mistems and standards which may falems with which the Belgium govgivings and distrust. Even in our cilitate or retard commercial interernment is confronted; likewise country, which is more liberal than course.

Spain, because of the extensive most countries, we find a general world use of the Spanish language, feeling of antipathy toward the POLITICALLY the world is is insisting that Spanish should be Jew, an attitude of suspicion toalso threatened on the one hand added to English and French as the ward the Catholic, and a spirit of by the nationalist who has carried official languages used in the aloofness toward the Mormon. Alhis ideas of patriotism to such an

League of Nations. Although a though we shall probably not see extreme that he has degenerated

universal world language would another great war based entirely into a jingoist and chauvinist. He

not be a guarantee of world peace on religious differences yet it cansadly needs an international outof lanof a multitude use yet the that the intenoverlooked not be the other world view. On

the complicates dialects sityguages religious convictions and of dangerous the equally is a look—ahand is

world situation because of the difmoving impulse that may play a world communist who is so imficulty entailed in bringing about a part, in connection with other facbued with a certain social order of world consciousness and the means tors, in spreading world unrest. life that he is ready to resort to

for expressing a common and uniIf we turn now briefly to ecoforce and revolution in order to versal ideal. nomic and political forces that are compel its acceptance by all manat work on the international kind.

rjIVERSITY of religions has in horizon we encounter several facAnother outstanding problem is the past been another element tors that have wielded a most pothe relationship of the civilized of world conflict. At the present tent influence in world affairs. powers to the backward peoples of

time it is estimated that the memThat these same forces are still acthe world. We see it in the dealbership of the leading Christian tive in international relations canings of the British in India, the

religions id as follows: Roman not be gainsaid. The influences French in their vast Asiatic and

Catholics 331,000,000; Orthodox of the commercial and industrial African possessions, the Dutch in

The Improvement Era for November', 1932 33

the East Indies, and ourselves in hensible as individual selfishness. must be patterned after by those

the Philippines. How fast can At the itime of the outbreak of the who control the foreign affairs of

these partially civilized peoples World War President Joseph F. the various nations.

progress? How big a dose of civSmith asked the question, "Would Ideals can be realized only

ilization shall we thrust upon them it be possible, could it be possible through working agencies and ineven if they prefer that the medifor this condition to exist if the stitutions. Ideals and aspirations

cine be administered more slowly? people of the world possessed really cannot function in the abstract.

How can we best serve them, not the true knowledge of the gospel Just as successful government in us? of Jesus Christ?"He answers his the state and nation must have its

QROWING out of all these ownwords:question"So, I repeat,in the therefollowingis but legislative,trative agenciesjudicial,so mustand adminisinterna-

problems with their possibilione remedy that can prevent men tional government have the requities for mistrust, suspicion, envy, from going to war, when they feel site machinery in order that the jealousy, violence, and war is the disposed to do it, and that is the desire for world peace may find the desire for security. The Great War Spirit of God, which inspires to means of expression.

has left many unhealed wounds. love, and not to hatred, which

The fears of another world conflict leads unto all truth, and not into pORTUNATELY some successare still rampant in the minds of error, which inclines the children ful efforts have already been many. How can such a cataclysm of God to pay deference to him and made in this direction. Since the

be averted. Preparedness is the anto his laws and to esteem them as time of Hugo Grotius, especially,

swer which is frequently heard. above all other things in the there has slowly but steadily deHence a mad race is on in the world."Other leaders of our veloped a body of international

building of armaments and navies, church have expressed similar sentilaw which is recognized as such in the development of air forces, ments on various occasions. by all civilized states. True, it

in the seeking for engines and Here then is a great mission and does not deal with a considerable agencies of warfare which are more function for the church to perform part of international relations than destructive anydeadly and still handled be inculcate into which the hearts of must—to past. the in usedthat were And conciliation, ideals love, diplomacy, devotion, of through men the task all the goes thisparallel with furnarbitration. it has Yet unselfishness, will and toward good and

of securing the financial means all humanity for without it world ished a basis for applying definite this proto accomplish whichwith inis of to certain types rules other impossible. of law peace And to witness attemptsgram. So we past problems. ternational In the the social as organizations such

divert revenues, nationalincrease of in the absence international law, press the school, the and to home, budgets of national partslarger tribunal, been international has responsibiltheir full an assume must all great until the purposes,warlike naadministered interpreted objective. this by in ity and reaching

powers stand bristling with weaRulers, statesmen, legislators, ditional courts only which have pons of war and ready to engage plomats must be actuated by this sometimes been suspected of being in Armageddon. another bias. spirit prejudice and influenced attitude. by The conciliatory

is the solution for this What real court Wilson, Aristide permanent But now a of Woodrow ever present and threatening danBriand, and Gustav Stresemann of international justice has been ger? Limited space and ability will established which decides cases and

allow but few observations. First renders advisory opinions in matit must be realized that there is no ters brought before it. Every real

be can formulamagic which has studied apstudent the workwho plied as the hope with a panacea Chief this court, including ings of result. will that a millennium The peshort a Justice Hughes who for

lais process naturally and slow court, the of a member riod was filled will with borious be and its in helping value recognizes some failures as well as some sucpreserve amicable relations betweento a results cesses. If net the show world. the of Concountries the

it will trendcomparative upward HardWilson, Presidents sequently is indicate that the world making have Hoover ing, Coolidge, and progress.

States the United. that advocated in: all consist solution must The this in obtain membership should

first, a higher of the development type of idealism, of world brotherbody.

hood and cooperation, and second, Another international agency the formulation and establishment which has now been in operation of international agencies and orfor some years is the League of ganizations through which world Nations. There is no intention,

problems can be analyzed and adhere, to express an opinion relajusted. tive to the question whether our

country should seek admission into it mayHPHE ideal that, "I am my broththe League—in passing

er's keeper"must function not merely be observed that with the only in the life of the individual lapse of years the cooperation bebut also in that of the community, Mountain goat cornered in the Sawtween the League and the United

States more frequent nation, the world. has become and the Natooth Mountains, Idaho.—Glen Perli- helpful. is just as represelfishness tional mutually rinS.rin and

34 The Improvement Era for November, 1932 nHE work of the League has inchange in attitude extending over volved a multitude of problems. generations. But a beginning must

It has found itself attempting to M. J. A. in National Broadcast be made. Who is better prepared to

handle such questions as the adrjTHE New York District M. I. A. will make such a beginning, to take

ministration of the mandates espresent a Radio Program over the the initiative in this momentous tablished by the peace treaties, the Columbia network on Sunday aftertask which foreshadows the comprotection of minorities, the adnoon, November 27th, 1932, at 11:30 ing of the reign of peace on earth

ministration of the Saar Basin and a. m. Mountain Standard time. This than the people of this Church

the city of Danzig, the consideraprogram, called The Church of the and of this great and blessed retion of many boundary and politAir,"will go over 92 stations, and the public? Individually and colical disputes, the limitation of M. I. A. is most happy to have the lectively we should assume this

armaments, the economic and privilege of being heard. responsibility. This is the destiny

financial reorganization incident to If those who listen in will drop a of America which has been exthe World War, the Dawes and the note to 'the local station broadcasting pressed so beautifully in the words

Young plans for reparations, and the program, they would perhaps be of Bishop Oldham:

dealingquestions with communimis- for the in securing instrumental in but material, matter merely "Not transit. field of In thecation and localities further in various sionaries spirit. in things of the

it social work andhumanitarian science, in inventions, merely Not moradio opportunities.

has concerned itself with the opium tors, a*d skyscrapers, but also in ideals, traffic, the white slave traffic in principles, character.

ol in assertion the calm merely Not traffic in children, obandwomen classall deal with of izations the rights, glad which in assumption but international publications,scene duties. industries. es and of workmen people relief overof for theunion giant as a strength flaunting her Not result under does Confusion the disaster, slavery sick and helpfulness a over in bendingtaken by but

slave trade, the control of interthese circumstances. Duplication and wounded world like a Good Sa

place. Furtake of functions may maritan. it reas especially hygienenational

isolation, courin in splendid but are agencies Not these of some thermore League epidemics. lates to The cooperation. ageous protect promote and to formed itself matwith concerned also disdainhas arrogance, and pride, in Not interests. limited group What in symeducational peoples, but races scientific and other is of ters and a of

character and through its efforts needed is an international clearing pathy, love, and understanding.

old, worn, the directed again treading in by controlled and Not an Inhouse establishedthere has been inevitably ends which pathway bloody the world. of the best wisdom of Intellectual Instituteternational a blazing in disaster, but in chaos and organizations these various Then other please God, trail, which, alongCooperation. new

It is here impossible to appraise can be so correlated and integrated nations will follow, into the new Jerumore. antagonistic shall be no that and opposing wars where insalem Nations of of thethe League work that take na,tion must some day Some modified terests harmoand be can for international agencyas an again once lapse are to we peace huthat to and the path—unless end nized

1 It betterment. honor thatpeace and human utter into barbarism—and preultimately welfare may man America. beloved it for covet success has met and my met. withhas

vail. is not the however, This, these spirit and with that so, in that failure. problem And Eachwith

It soul. or all and days months. mere of I work with say my heart hopes, require before it wouldhas come

First'."a adjustment, 'America a task of involves consideration anddetailed study

before a just answer could be given.

agencies other 4jjn of Defense of ExtracurricularpXAMPLES from '—Continued interdeal established to with 1 page Activities are: Interthenational problems

national Labor Organization, the a large part of our lives is spent met its problems and met them in

International Chamber of Comout with other people, and it is a liberal, progressive spirit.

merce, the International Statistical extremely desirable that the conSo my heart is full to overflowInstitute, the InterParliamentary tacts that are made outside of the ing this morning. When I came

Union, the Telegraphic Union, the classroom should be of the highest into the building with the GovWireless Telegraphic Union, the order. ernor I could scarcely keep tears

Universal Postal Union, the InterAnd therefore from one end of back, because after the long desnational Commission for Air Nathe land to the other, in one form perate struggle we were enabled to vigation, the International Instior another, social extracurricular come in here and because from now tute of Agriculture, the Internaactivities of the institutions of the on the building will be open to the tional Bureau of Weights and United States, to say nothing of students. We are anxious that this

Measures, the International Sugar Europe, have undertaken such building will be cared for in such

Union, the International Geodetic projects as this, and worked hard a way that students will not only

Association, the Pan American and under intense difficulties to come here but will be happy to

Scientific Congress, the Red Cross, complete them, because the State come here. It offers facilities

the Boy Scouts association, and the has felt that it was not a part of which this institution's students

Rotary and Kiwanis organizations. its function to do this work. have needed for many years but

Some of these unions and com- '""PHE faculty has been very much which could not be achieved earlier.

missions are private while others interested in it, and participated Many people are not educated to it are public in character. There are in the construction of the building. yet, but we who live on this

thousands of them. Labor alone And the Board of Regents, from campus know that what we have

has more than fifty such organthe inception of the movement, has now is a necessity.

t(C venjiidden Treasures A Father's Interpretation of The Word of Wisdom as a Guide to

Right Living By P. V. CARDON

My dear children: to wholesome living, leaving man the publisher. It is called The

to exercise his Godgiven free Strength of Being Clean; and purquestions you asked this agency concerning it. ports to be "a study of the quest I am extremely anxious, therefor unearned happiness."I earnTHEmorning at the breakfast fore, that you children recognize estly commend this book to you.

table deserve more careful your individual responsibility with Dr. Jordan lays particular stress

consideration and more complete respect to observance of the Word upon avoidance of those short cuts answers than I was able to give of Wisdom, for in this as in other to happiness "which temptation offhand, so I am taking time to guides to right living the benefits to commonly offers to you and to prepare a written answer designed be derived shall be in direct prome."These short cuts are five in

to convey my more mature portion to your own responses. number: Indolence, gambling, lithoughts on the Word of Wisdom. You children are blessed with centiousness, precocity, and intemstrong bodies and good minds. perance. Summarizing his stateFirst let me direct your attenThrough sane living you can rement, Dr. Jordan concludes: "A

tion to the Word of Wisdom as it tain these blessings and add to man ought to be stronger than anyis recorded in the Doctrine and them with infinite benefit to yourthing that can happen to him. He

Covenants. I want you to read it selves and to those with whom you is the strong man who can say no.

seriously, with your minds free associate. But unless you exercise He is the wise man who, for all

from all bias. Set aside, if you sanity in your living, your strong his life, can keep mind, and soul,

can, all you have ever heard by way bodies will weaken, your minds and body clean."

of interpretation and preachment will be dulled, and your lives rob- "I know of no more encouragon the Word of Wisdom and read bed of many of the joys you could ing fact,"says Thoreau, "than the it in the light of your own intelotherwise experience. This is acability of a man to elevate his life

lects. Then make up your minds cording to natural law. It is beby conscious endeavor. It is someconcerning its purpose and meancause of its conformity to the dething to paint a particular picture,

ing. One of the fundamental teachmands of nature that I regard the or to carve a statue, and so make a

ings of our Church is that God has Word of Wisdom the embodiment few objects beautiful. It is far

given man his free agency; and I of wisdom. more glorious to carve and paint

believe that this was done in full the very atmosphere and medium expectation that man should and DESIDES the right of free agency, through which we look. This

would use that agency. So, then, our Church teaches that the morally we can do."

in reading the Word of Wisdom, glory of God is intelligence. In

and in trying to make up your this, I take it, we have ever before A NOTHER striking essay which minds concerning it, I implore you us the promise that through the I would commend to you apto exercise the free agency which long experience of eternal progrespeared in a recent number of Harhas been bestowed upon you. sion we shall be blessed according per's Magazine and was by Stuart

to the regard we have shown for Chase. It is called, "The Luxury

WAS quite a man before I came intellectual development. I am sure of Integrity."The title itself is

properly to regard the Word of that I need not remind you of the stimulating, but the essay is inWisdom as a guide to right living obvious incompatibility of wrong spiring. Can you think of any

and not as an addition to the living and intellectual progress. It luxury more enjoyable than that

Decalogue. You will note that it becomes apparent, then, that of being clean, honest, dependable,

a of observance in every through reproach? proven and is way above by com- "sent greeting—not

Is it to will right living be then while worth to deny you It is guide or constraint..."mandment

"given for a principle with a prombenefited not only in this life but yourselves such luxury if it can be ise, adapted to the capacity of the in the next. obtained by simple, sane living?

weak and the weakest of all saints, David Starr Jordan, late presiThere are many other books and who are or can be called saints."dent of Leland Stanford Jr. Uniessays on right living, each of

You will note, also, that the versity, thirtytwo years ago pubwhich in some forceful way imwords, "Thou Shalt Not"are enlished a little book which you will presses the reader with the intirely lacking in the Word of Wisfind on the bookshelves of our escapable retribution experienced dom. In brief, as I regard it, the home. The book is one of a Charby those who indulge wrong livWord of Wisdom points the way acter and Wisdom Series offered by ing. But few of these writings.

36 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

if any, convey the message in simpself drinks of it, is a man deservappeals. Still, even here, the danger

ler, clearer language; and none with ing of your suspicion and you of false "fellowship"is to be

more persuasive force, than the should deal with him accordingly. guarded against.

Word of Wisdom. Another thing I would warn You children have been fortuYou will have observed that in you against is an intolerant attitude nate in having a mother whose

this statement to you I am taking toward those persons who, for one knowledge of dietetics has been what I regard as the constructive cause or another, have failed to see such as to enable her to keep a- view of the Word of Wisdom. clearly the advantages of living acbreast of the newer developments

This, I believe, is the more helpful cording to the teachings of the in human nutrition. Your meals

view to take. I could never subWord of Wisdom. That is their have been well balanced and propscribe to the view that merely to remisfortune, but I would never conerly served at regular intervals.

frain from doing something condemn them because of it. Some Hence you have consistently obstituted right living. In other of the best friends I have would, served the positive teachings of the

words, I would not have you feel by my own intolerance, be lost to Word of Wisdom, and these things that simply by refraining from the me if I should condemn them for are in no way new to you. Your

use of hot drinks, tobacco, and narfailing to live according to the rules lives, in other words, are already cotics, all of which the Word of I have chosen as my guide through ordered by this guide to right livWisdom advises against, that you life. Again, let me remind you of ing. In any event, I like to feel

would be living in a manner to inthe principle of free agency. Help that your body strength and

sure realization of your greatest others where and when you can by mental alertness are in large measphysical and mental potentialities. good grace, but avoid appearing to ure the result of the thoughtful

It is wisdom that you refrain from sit in judgment. If only he who care you have received through inusing anything harmful to you, is without fault were permitted to fancy and childhood.

physically or mentally, but you cast the first stone, no stone would must do more than this if you be thrown. VOU are now facing maturity.

would know the luxury of wholeHenceforth, your mode of livsome living. You must, in other piNALLY, I would caution you ing will be largely a matter for you

words, observe the positive rules of against "being a good fellow"yourselves to determine. Your

health. It is in them that the great simply to satisfy an erroneous conparents have exercised their best

promise of the Word of Wisdom is ception of good fellowship. "The judgment in your behalf; and they

to be realized. It is through rereally 'good fellow,'"says Dr. now commend to your use a simple

membering to keep and to do these Jordan, "can be convivial when he guide to right living which you can things that "you shall run and not is sober. It is a poor kind of feleasily follow. Read it and live by

be weary, and shall walk and not lowship which cannot be found till it to the best of your ability. Make

be faint."it is saturated with drink."up your own minds concerning its

You are not confronted by the value, and then be honest with

EXPERIENCE has taught me open saloon, as I was in my childyourselves in the extent to which some things against which I hood; but you have to order your you follow its admonitions. Keep

would caution you. The first of lives in the face of a more subtle in mind the fact that there is

these is the hypocrisy practiced by influence—the bootlegger, and the strength in being clean, that there

some people who profess strict ob- "respectable patrons"of the bootis luxury in integrity, and that out servance of the Word of Wisdom, legger. I don't know what to say of the atmosphere in which you

but who secretly disregard its to you as a guide in these circumlive you mold your lives. I would

teachings. Against such hypocrisy stances. I have had so little exremind you also that no greater re-

I sincerely hope you will protect perience by which you may profit. ward awaits you in the next world

yourselves. Let me here remind I must say this, however, that, as than that for which, in this world,

you again of the luxury of integ- I look back over my life and the you have proved yourselves rity. Let me also call to your atlives of my early acquaintances, the worthy.

tention the fact that I have found habitual users of liquor stand out Need I say further that your no word left by Christ or any in my memory as pathetic failures. mother and I should always welother great teacher, or by any sucThey have faded from view—died, come the opportunity to discuss

all had sordid, these matters with you? I can thinkcessful man in any walk of life most of them—and

that would justify hypocrisy or miserable lives. of nothing in life that would be

deceit. He who publicly condemns You are confronted, also, by the more painful to us than to lose the

tobacco, and then uses it every time subtle influence of highpressure utter confidence of our children. It

he thinks he is unobserved is deadvertising designed to make cigis our constant prayer that neither ceiving no one but himself. He arette smoking even of us shall ever abuse that confialluring—yes,too much condence.who roundly condemns coffeehealthful. I have

drinking and dares not tell you fidence in your intellects to believe Affectionately, how much he enjoys what he himthat you would be deceived by such Father.

Let Us Talk About Unpleasintelligenceing how manyknowgoodthatwomeneverythingof nativewill adjustments,them. The soonerand setweaboutput offtothecorrectPolant Things be all right, and go on in,the same lyanna habit of mind and cease hunthearts inpanaceas, our and search refusing to ading it has been going, way

misfortunes, of our stead for the secret everything to it, that forced unless (Harper's for October, 1932) mit, for shall the be prepared ostrich sooner we anywhere. wrong A similar By ROBERT HERRICK is

let us hope, more sane the new, since the and existed ever attitude has war the blessings of adverwas declared off, the officials meeting in world.AMONGsity that we are slowly discharming conferences to agree on cerSo I say let us talk only about uncovering during these calamitain points and decide what to do about pleasant things until we understand

tous times is that an unpleasothers and getting nowhere. If they them and their cause. Let us examine

ant truth does not hurt as badly as had blurted out what they were really bugaboos and pretenses and ugly facts.

one ignored or denied. We are turnthinking, it might have been someLet us eat and sleep with misfortune

ing from the idea of being "90 days thing like this: "The old formulas until we have lost all fear of it. Any

from prosperity"and the idea that our won't work, and it is useless to presituation faced calmly becomes, autoeconomic muddle is "largely psychotend. Germany can't be made to pay matically, less intolerable. Let us

logical,"and looking facts in the face. what we require. We can't get rich grip this unpleasant and unstable presWe may even come to realize that we by refusing to buy each other's goods. ent into which we have put ourselves

are not the richest, luckiest, happiest, We can't sit on the lid of potential until we have squeezed from it all its most generous people that ever lived revolution while our people get hunvenom. Fear and prejudice and weakon the earth; that our financiers are grier and more desperate."If we ad-'ness are hurt by open recognition of

not all wizards; our bankers not all mitted these things, we could forget the truth, but life never is. In the

pillars of society, our petty politicians, our makebelieves and go to work. It light of truth, life remains enjoyable

not ali astute statesmen. We are demay be humiliating to American pride and adventurous.

flating more than commodity and seto admit that we need the goods and curity price, we are deflating, as well, good will of other nations as badly as Martyrs All some of our national conceits. What they need ours. We do not like, either,

we have needed in the past ten years to recognize the fact that Europe can By EDGAR J. GOODSPEED

is a Voltaire, a Swift, not a Coue nor pay us very little of which she owes (Atlantic Monthly for October) a Pollyanna. us, and that it is not particularly

As people, we like to fool ourselves. desirable for them or us that they TX7E may have passed the Age of

A prolonged period of adversity was should do so. We should face the '"Miracles, but the Age of Marneeded to make us face distressing fact that it is dangerous for any of tyrs is with us still. I have always

realized that the Protestants perwere thinkadult in our truths become truckle and

I disbut only recently have I a constantly young novelist besecuted, ing. As us—politiciansto "veterans"andespecially—tothat it might

heard advice to write about only nice come a more serious menace to our covered that our Catholic friends feel people, and to treat only pleasant subdemocracy than all the reds have ever that they are too. Quakers have asjects. How the pages of great litercreated. sured me that they have had some extest. aature shrink under such would realize that we can't We must make periencetheir history;with themisunderstandingsMormons are stillin fight in refused to Russia When a profits selling securiworthless out of

of social, conscious if not civil, sense hers, that was in nowar the ties gullible people. to adkeenly should We

feel the atheists persecution. Even hesinewspapersforemost American fast losing are that Americans mit

perof oppressed. mildly smoke The totated such space undevote to much business their reputation for common

thickly secution thinly or over hangs they news. daypalatable may Some been corporations have honesty. Our scene. religious our whole it. asattituderegret has mental This dishonsometimes extravagantly and

is the only not religious scene the And itself of beginning theserted from direcprofit the estly of for managed characterized. ecothe Consider Milbusiness. in unpleasantnessrecent the rather than promoters tors and

is capital, oppressed beforelions by without we work were sonomic—labor of stockholders. good

is in turn it, which being the pounced then to and uponwere willing admit thing we tried to do was Coue the naWe might ask ourselves a few quesby patriotic politicians who need face unpleasmoney. The surtax now being leviedtion back to prosperity. We were tions individually—and

could it shall live handsomely taken be not institutions great all the While—andexhorted to buy more and more goods ant facts. We have imagined that we is so great that we cry out "Blessed be

is and get rich capital hard work not And in investmentswere tottering, and withoutquickly—butmuch awaynothing,fromforus."

American equities disappearing into we can't, for long. Are we ready to dumb before its shearers. It would

thin air. But why mention that? deflate ourselves? Our values are be difficult to find a class now more

"Don't talk about such unpleasant somehow askew. We have had an definitely under the chariot wheels

things,"the women beg. "I don't attitude quite different from the old than the bankers. And, strangely

want to hear it. I know everything Greeks, who felt that evil was the enough, we are beginning to feel sorry

will come out all right."It is amazresult of offense against the gods, which for the bankers, as the Romans were

Christians. persecuted the for sorry realize must be amended. must We Note politicians the result have it all are the do of troubles malNor our publishers.: Articles are reviewed by permission thatof

38 The Improvement Era for November, 1932 their own way—everywhere are they make out that they are oppressed. The might well be replaced by experienced

being assailed by the playful press and persecution complex has become a married women who have had the the less force. playful police epidemic. training. if there necessary And disease—an

railroads are terribly The persecut- a persecuted is anything sadder than The discriminationed—foiled, baffled, and controlled. man, it is one who thinks he is, and teachers on the basis thatagainstmarriagemarriedand

And their hated rivals, the motorists, isn't! parenthood unfit one for the teaching

now are worn down with manifold function is irrational and silly; and if

gasoline taxexactions. The has risen

consistently constantly; and the state The Educational Veil italso.appliesI amto a women,parent andit shouldalso a teacher,to men

charges a tax on a car and so does the By WALTER A. TERPENNING and I find that often the parent in me

city. I look and advice to the teacher, gives sound for Oct., 1932) to propose a modest associations Parentteachers'versa. vice for ourtax—sayalderman$10soonper (Forumannum—for automobiles operating in '"pHAT the schoolmen of our counare prevalent and important, but it alhis ward. Small places defray their extry are versatile there is no doubt, ways seems a little silly to me that unpenses by arresting opulent looking but in no other way have they demonmarried teachers must be there to give

motorists on any pretext at all. At strated the absurdity of their resourceadvice to parents on how to take care

present, does it not appear that autofulness so convincingly as in their late of the children. Either parenthood has

mobiles are the or education, school systhe of ridding field of the place in no most bitterly persecuted craze—that

us? teachers.class among In it to the schooladmitted tem of married should be women

The most ancient and timehonored many large systems of public schools, room.

looked—theof the oppressedagrarians,must ornotfarmers,be overas itteachersis a rule,if andironclad,whento theydismissenterfemalethe sibilityThe schoolswhen theyassumeinterferea greatwithresponthe

they are often derisively called. In holy bonds of matrimony, regardless right of a teacher to marry and still

wrestling with the harsh land, they are of their terms of service, proficiency or retain her position. The courts and

denied even the poor compensations of need of employment. The most usual public opinion should protect that

credits, debentures, stabilization and explanation today, that it is a deright, as conducive to individual right the like which bankers and politicians pression measure, gives the idea that to life, liberty and the pursuit of haphave. schools should be made to furnish jobs piness.

Authors are persecuted, as demonfor indigent spinsters, while married There are two kinds of evil influstrated in the rapacity, avarice, cruelty women should be supported by their ences which this policy has upon the effectand publishers. greed of refuse their upon have teaching Some husbands husbands whether profession—the

the choicest effect the others work; snatch the not. themselves, and the teachers to support them anything on or

manuscript, halffinished, from the This excuse, however, is false, for the upon the pupils.

authors'fingers. Sometimes they swalmovement began long before the deSchool administrators have deplored

low the royalties up bodily; sometimes pression. the lack of professional spirit among

change the color of a cover from a soft, There is one idea which seems to women teachers, but failed to realize seductive rose to a repulsive mousehave been lost to the schoolmen who that the greatest handicap to its decolor without so much as a byyour- have made the rule against married velopment is the shortness of the averleave. Flesh can welfare hardly and blood service, a the unless age term of woman women teachers—thatbear the persecutions put thing upon order in family is the important in will forswear hapof pupils and home

less authors. education, and therefore it is vital that to make teaching a life work. AllowThen there is the persecution in edthe best teachers be secured, whether ing teachers to marry would keep them

ucation, ranging from the boy who is they are married or single. in the service much longer, and would

hit by a brutal teacher to the proUndoubtedly there are married make of them permanent members of fessor who is relieved of his position women who try to teach and keep a community, instead of the transient tyrannicalby If and capricious are in strangers they employers house this should without many localities. help—and for saying the thing. wrong of a comthe teachers Even colshould allowed. not be became members Such a teacher

lege presidents, who would seem to be required to give up one job or the munity for life, the schools would behave achieved security and calm if other, but that it is foolish to discome constructive community agencies.

anyone has, are haunted and hounded charge teachers on the ground of the Perhaps the most harmful effect of by the grisly shapes of trustees, faculty, depression is proved by the fact that this academic policy as it concerns chilstudents and alumni. many teachers who hired help, losing dren and youth is its unwholesome sugOne is more and more struck by the their teaching jobs have had to disgestion that it is undignified and unskillful use of persecution. If you charge cooks, laundresses and housedesirable for one who enters marriage

can prove that you are a victim of it, keepers, thus depriving these domestics to remain in contact with educational you have achieved something, while, of a means of livelihood when their institutions. If boys and girls of

on the other hand, if you can prove need was perhaps much greater than America are to be educated to respect that someone else is a persecutor, you that of the newlygraduated flappers marriage and parenthood, as well as have him on the defensive. who took the teaching positions. to emulate high standards of fairness

As to the mutual persecution of the Another excuse is that there are so and rational living, let their educators

Wets and Drys—they both consider many inefficient married women in the preach and practice such respect and

themselves martyrs. The pacifist, teaching profession that there is need ideals. The other disastrous effect is

too, is a persecuted man. And of of a rule by which these can be elithat this policy deprives youth of the

course we all know how persecuted a minated without hurting their feelservices of the most expert teachers.

real estate man is, what with janitors, ings. The blanket order of discharge In one school it was necessary to discoal dealers and mortgage holders on takes care of such cases. And then the miss the two very best they had ever

the one hand and taxing bodies on astute among the schoolmen can hire had because they annexed husbands.

the other. back as substitutes the married women Let school boards keep in mind the

Actors are persecuted, too, with the who are efficient. fact that their responsibility is to semovies and the talkies, the stage hands There is no surplus of good teachcure the best possible teachers, and in

and the ticket speculators. And others ers, nor is there apt to be. The great view of this let them rescind their anare persecuted, whom we have not advantage of a goodly number is that timarried-teacher ruling; or, if they

mentioned. from among them may be selected must do something more positive to

It must be clear that there are more enough good teachers to go around. To justify their calling, let them reverse

martyrs now than ever before. Numlook into any school system is to find that ruling, and so improve the stanbers of people, perfectly well off, try to too many inefficient teachers who dards of the teaching profession.

Gratitude Inimitable At Twilight

By Linnie Fisher Robinson By Alberta Huish Christensen By Rosannah Cannon will be one dark moment at rTT HESE for: are the things I thank Thee J/f/V * E althomust not pass this way again rHEREthe last,

Soft whispers 'gainst my window pane, In moments lean, we hunger for the As when one pauses, looking down a lane

Slow water gliding silently; sight Before one turns to leave it, or again

And roads washed golden after rain, And peace of this retreat. Our joys, I When some forgotten scent recalls the past.

know When shall come trooping back the old

A little leaf in dizzy tumbles, Must rhyme with other measures, our desires

Ciirls pushed high upon a child's moist delight Of that so distant youth—the valiant

brow; Accord with newer cadences of song. schemes,

Thick blue bells near a sandy hollow. As day knows but one twilight and one The frail, last beauty of the early dreams,

The days of yesteryear and now; morn, Clean as the white flames of those longNor can reclaim the vanished flush of dead fires.

Music like a silver thread, dawn

And words that bring me treasures from Such ecstasy as this but once is born When I shall think of what my life has afar; been,

Dear homely tasks that I must do, Far better that the unassaulted height And what I hoped it might be... and

treasureapart, within And then the evening star. Remain; beloved,—a gleam Something shall weep at my poor body,

All these, with clasp of friendly hand, Nor seek it out by sun or starlit night bowed,

I thank Thee for, accept I pray Lest altered, we should find a bruised Remembering it once, so straight, so

A heart that's full of gratitude, dream. proud.

And keep me mindful all the way. Drain to the lees this hour's wine, and When that hour finds me, shivering and

then awed, In memory only, let us come again. Let it be brief and not too bitter, God

-> ocgoi"< Companion By Weston N. Nordgren Bragging Fathers New Roads

yOURS is the purposed heart that By Bess Foster Smith By Mary Hale Wooisey holds the Aloft flaming with me to the new roads, brand of /OME life, \Z OUR stories of the days you once * light love weakness strength untoTo * my enjoyed

For daily battle. Faithful wife! When youth's adventurous privilege was They wait beneath the dawn.

yours, With elfin voices calling us

Yours is the understanding mind And the old fashioned parent you anCome and follow on.

changes That thought art; noyed, of to work

roads! winding, beckonBrown, cheers,That forgives, inspires afresh, for Because all your pranks he found New

ing, welds And clear, to purpose cures, heart. no my secrets holding, A thousand

for wait me, and you They my love, isYours love the that gives repeated in be a glibber tongue, to me Will their unfolding. charms hour Each faith, desire to believe New will But not you be getting

curtains pale distance hangs up ajl the WhereIn in in God, itself earth man, glory, caress, hills clouds and While tells about he boy was New hope, new courage to achieve. When when

adventuring, and feast We'll go youryoung—loveliness. souls on Our that You'll be old in fashioned father

The Gentle Art,of Eating story. NewOf roads!treasureThey'llall untold:lead thru valleys full

fields, fields, and emerald copper By Jack Folk Rich gold; fields of shining And

diamondlike, waters, dancing Where ever 7}ID you watch the birds at lunch? skies above sapphire MockJ pick hard seeds, They they but do treasurehouse gems for memory's Such not crunch

there, lovel gather We'll my Like I do when then I eat and the sunbeams too, throng roads, Gay new frowns looks andMy Daddy at me, is bright, the But when moon guessesAnd that good how food must be. trees will lay Tall cool shadows down,

Did you ever watch a bird say grace? We'llLikelistenrugs,therefor forour birdsdelight;that trill

itFor each small bite lifts its face leafy high, branches From the sky. Toward soft whisper, wind's and the song The

I wonder why brooklets by. laughing Of

I eaten have I forgetWhen To thank God for the food I get. Come with me on the new roads, love!

They wait for you and me I wonder who made the birds so good? With charms uncounted, wond'rous things

Do you think he'd teach me, if he could, To hear, and feel, and see.

To eat the way And when at last we weary grow say? then My parents Of

I wonder, when company comes to eat, We'll findwandering,—whynew roads grown old, my love,

If he would nudge me with his feet. DtCbCPT 5MeDLtY To lead us home again!

Selected Motion Pictures depressions, indicating throughout the strength of family life in meeting every of the whole American crisis.USEscene rather than just that part Kong (R. K. O.)

of it which is represented by A picture dealing with the capture the large cities like New York of what appears to be a prehistoric aniand Chicago is at last taking definite mal worshipped as a god by natives hold on the minds of motion picture of the South Sea Islands, Kong promproducers, and if the start that is being ises to be diverting.

made in that direction proves successThe Honest Finder (Paramount) Sign of the Cross (Paramount) ful, the screen may yet reflect nineThis story is characterized by the The depravity of the Roman Emty percent of American life rather than sophisticated scintillation of Lubitsch's pire is drawn,]in sharp contrast to the the glamorous, but riot always characdirection. Kay Francis and Herbert simplicity and earnestness of the early

teristic, ten percent. Marshall play in a Raffles atmosphere, Christians. Some brutality makes the

A recent survey of pictures actually against a brilliant European backpicture doubtful.

in production or just reaching the ground. Silver Dollar (Warner Bros.)

screen showed a surprising number Prosperity (M. G. M.) This story, semihistoric, recreates

dealing with small town and village This Marie DressierPolly Moran the scenes of Colorado's vbirth as a locales, and it is predicted that if picture, casting new light on the same State, and depicts the havoc that folState Fair, which Fox is going to proold depression, promises to equal other lowed the decline of silver in the duce, proves to have box office value, DresslerMoran films. Watch for it. money markets.

other pictures of farm -life will have Farewell jto Arms (Paramount) I Have Been Faithful (R. K. O.)

a much greater chance of production. This picture of love jand war is alBased on the play "Cynara,"this

For the first time since the advent most completed. Helen Hayes as the picture is bound to be sophisticated and

of books like Main Street, and Babbitt, nurse and Gary Cooper as the Italian marked by lightness of dialogue. It

the smalltown American;iwill here be Lieutenant play together in a picturizawill be interesting to adults, but not

depicted as a normal, happy individual tion of a book.which will create some to children. Ronald Colman plays

filled with the gusto of living, without doubts. in it.

the Freudian complexes with which The Conquerors (R. K. O.)

itself devotes This picture of writers our leading enmany have to the Reviews of New Pictures historical America, of development him. Perhaps if the currentdowed

movement in this direction is continparticularly the recurring financial Scrappy (Columbia) ued, American motion pictures will This story of western adventure more accurately represent American hfe deals with the friendship between in all its varied moods. That this is a sheriff and a cowboy. Exceldesirable goes without saying. Its suclent photography, the work of Noah

cess, however, depends on whether Beery, Shirley Grey and Bob Steele, audiences throughout the country reand a wholesome story make it enjoyspond to the familiar scene rather than able entertainment. For the family.

to the exciting and glamorous scene The Monkey's Paw (R. K. O.)

of the metropolis with which the picThe theme of a fakir's curse put the holder of the monkey's paw tures painfully faupon have them made is interesting as unusual. and Not miliar. Diehl. Frances White

original as the story upon which it

Notes on Pictures now in wastainment.based, stillFor adultsit remainsand goodyoungenterpeo-

Production ple.

Blonde Venus ((Paramount) Rasputin (M. G. M.) The combination of Marlene DietThe three Barrymores—Ethel, John rich and Director Von Sternberg is inand Lionel—will be brought together variably brilliant and alluring. This

in this story of the Mad Monk of Russtory of a woman's degradation and sia and his influence on the last of the regeneration, adult in interest and

Russian Czars. Likely to be much somewhat sordid, has been well hantalked-of, the picture delves deeply into dled, although the development is slow.

the history of the last days of Russian Norma Shearer and Frederick March Herbert Marshall and Gary Grant both monarchy. in "Smilin'Thru."do magnificent work. Dickie Moore

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 41

is delicious. For adults who like this object to setting. Zasu Pitts and finds himself caught between two factheme. Harold Waldridge do good work. tions, only to bring about understandThirteen Women (R. K. O.) Adults and young people. ing and economic readjustment through

A weird and improbable story Smilin'Thru (M. G. M.) his plans of cooperation. It is an unwhich tries to show the effect of fear in Beautiful stage classic given effective usually interesting picture, consistently

human lives. Some fine bits of acting treatment for the screen. A notable well acted by Richard Barthelmess and

on the part of Irene Dunn, Myrna cast, including Norma Shearer, Leslie Dorothy Jordan. Adults and younger

Loy, Kay Johnson and Ricardo CorHoward, Frederick March and O. P. adults.

tez. Some unevenness in development Heggie, together with beautiful phoHell's,Highway (R. K. O.)

and continuity. Fair for Adults. tography and expert direction, results A faithful portrayal of the condiThe Night of June tions in some prison

13th (Paramount) camps. One more atCircumstantial evitempt to show on the

dence threatens the life screen the realities of of an innocent man our defective civilizauntil a simple old man tion. Adults. Uninwith the courage to teresting to children.

speak the truth begins The Crash to clear the confused (Warner Bros.)

situation. Clive Brook, There is little to

Frances Dee, Charles carry this production

Ruggles and Adrienne except Ruth ChatterAllen do good work. ton's ability, as it is

Amusing in parts, it seemingly without offers food for thought theme or continuity regarding human interest. It is a lost

injustice.weakness and

Adults and young Walter Huston Anita Louise Lionel Barrymore opportunitysignificant dramato makeofa adults. present conditions.

Once in a Lifetime (Universal) in a really artistic picture. Adults and Life Begins (Warner Bros.)

This is a satire on the Motion Picyoung people. Set in a hospital, there is nothing

ture industry, telling the story of three The Phantom Express (Majesitic) clinical in atmosphere. The picture

vaudeville actors who try their luck in William Collier, Jr., and Sally Blane is a panorama of different types of

Hollywood; the mistakes one member are interesting in a simple story of a people, with their tragedies and commakes proves to be the foundation of railroad and its workers. Family. edies. It may be that it is not true

his success. Jack Oakie, Sidney Fox Cabin in the Cotton (Warner Bros.) to real hospital conditions, but it is

and Aline McMahon make a good The new South is the locale for this simple, appealing, genuine. Adults and

team. Family. interesting story of the conflict between young adults.

Bill of Divorcement (R. K. O.) planters and tenantfarmers in,the cotTiger Shark (Warner Bros.)

A poignant study of the mental ton belt. A boy born of the farmer Brutal picture of shark attacks, yet

agony resulting from the knowledge class but reared among the planters a notably fine performance, original in insanity. stain of hereditary theof theme and treatment. Edward G. RobBillie Burke, KathBarrymore,John inson is extraordinary little as the

excellent performerine give Hepburn Portugese fisherman. Adults older and is rT*HE Picture Motion generfine for children ances. but for Not folks. young ally * recognized as being of one audiences.adult Mister Robinson Crusoe the vital factors in present enday the Magician (Fox)Chandu, Excellent comedy, tertainment. in a to which necessity the Due New mystery melodramatic and Amusing for an almost transforms! Yorker unlimited supply of Sea Island a South

Irene serial. aof radio Lowe, Edmund film it is material, inevitable that into a habitation, modern with only

in Walthall Lugosi Henry andWare, produced will much be mediocre. to wit and woodcraft help him. Beauchildren, shiverscast. for Alice Winter, many Ames associate diToo tiful scenes, clean comedy, swift moverector of adolescents. Public adults Relations for for the andbut good all ment, to give go one of FairDoug Association of (Universal) Picture Motion Fourth ProHorsemanThe banks'full pictures his early of charm. ducers, says: still are pic- "There threaten of bad a men band When Family, highly and recommended. tures that made wish were we nota frontier and town, Mix new Tom

made, although they parallel march original nor save ride to it. NotTony with the stage novel the day. and of the effective, Exceptional it furnishesparticularly Short Subjects

are There types of many mind Family. entertainment.usual Mix in Nuri Hills (Beverly this Pro. Co.) tumultuous Hollywood. But (Universal) Mystery Spot GreenThe Life in India, narrated the what general a lovable by public does not

Mystery of the theft of a valuable know is the story of the self disold elephant who shares his master's ornament from an Egyptian tomb. cipline that has in "the fast few joys and sorrows.

Acceptable to those who enjoy mysmonths discarded a number of obMan Eater (Beverly Hills Pro. Co.)

children.) jectionable small (except themesteries. Family, and obliterated a story of friends The two sailor who

undesirable number of scenes."Deferred G. M.) (M.Payment in the ocean, drown hunting for sunkof depressing The "Improvement pubman's tragedy Etp"a This treasures en sharks sea and deep among lishes a list monthly of and is new in such portrayed defeatignominious vegetation. pictures, forthcoming estimates with for as anymedicine strong to bea way Satan's Hills Playground (Beverly the given reliable by source most Charles acting Laughone. Superb by Pro. Co.) General Federation Sulavailable—the are cast also O.ton. In Maureen Scenes in valley, death menacing, the of being Clubs, Women's work

livan, Dorothy Peterson and Neil prompted by interest in the welfare desolate, yet vivid with interest in aniHamilton. Adults only. of American youthi In some cases mal life and pictures of primitive tribes.

Strangers of the Evening (Tiffany) additional comments are added by Seeing the U. S. A. by States

From a grim opening in a mortuthe "Era"Motion Picture commitMotion Picture Classics presentation, ary the story rapidly develops into an tee. In selecting movies, be sure to dealing with the dramatic and histoamusing comedy. Excellent characterselect the best. rical incidents, natural wonders and inizations, good suspense. Some may dustries of the fortyeight states.

ustc

Music and the Priesthood By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

personal element can never a position to exercise quite a general only to the ways and personality ofTHEbe eliminated in the control of control over the music program of those who represent it officially. The

music in any system or organthe organization. Because of conficonduct of public worship in all its

ization of worship. Aside from dence in the leader they will avoid such parts is a branch of the highest fine

the enthusiasm of choirs and leaders, direct supervision that will seem like art, and sometimes those who view it there are two determining factors in "meddling"because of busying themfrom the organbench or the choir seats the final solution of all music probselves about details that after all can is far more delicate and true than that lems, namely, the congregation, that is, be entrusted to the musicians. They of him who occupies the pulpit."

all the people who belong to the worwill not interfere with the authority of While some of the above may be shiping group, and, most important, the leader, especially in a way that will extreme, and all of it not applicable the Priesthood authodities, who, after belittle him before his singers or the to our own situations, and though the all are responsible for all that transpires people. They will realize that the best duties of the Priesthood of our Church

under their jurisdiction. It is imwork of a subordinate is done when he are so many and so arduous as to prepossible for truly successful work to knows responsibility is upon his shoulclude this extreme personal contact,

be done by music forces without a ders to work out his problems in his there is sound principle in our friend's positive, affirmative attitude on the own way, so long as he is in full accontention which could be pondered part of the Priesthood toward definite cord with the policy of those over him. with profit. After all, everything conpurpose and accomplishment in muIn a dissertation on the problem of nected with worship is done for the

sic, and an appreciation of the ways the relationship between presiding ofsalvation of the people; therefore it

and means of a consummation of ficials and the music forces in Protestshould be made as profitable as poswhat is aimed at. The Priesthood ant churches generally in America, one sible. The authorities of the Priest-

(meaning in this sense the presiding of our country's foremost writers on hood will welcome anything that will officials), is the center from which church music, Waldo Selden Pratt, prebring about a more effective service.

must radiate the spirit that ought to sents some pointed observations, and In addition to the help from the mupermeate the whole music program, to the writer feels that some quotations sicians there is a great possibility in stimulate and invigorate. from his views are sound, and makes the worshipers themselves, and a

The presiding authorities are enbold to give them herewith, believing thought in this connection might be titled to the most efficient support in that they will be helpful. Mr. Pratt profitable.

in is a wonderful this responsibility, their power "There phase of and says: it will thoughtful observer To the

all the firm establishmentthe musicians need the backing that in a church of that a appear one of the most first and lies within the power of the Priesthood general liturgical atmosphere, in which farreaching effects of the influence of is the all It to give. dignity to all services of for musicians exerunfair and is the Priesthood the people upon

is cises call called, as to exalted, the accept artisticbe their and beauty and their attitude in music toward worassistants the to Priesthood, unity the for illusor constantly enhanced and ship; the they to lead expect peomust

latter trated, responsibilities to their sincerity heartiness impose and upon and all treat ple force of to example by isthe unless to musicians, willing each contagious. In made such atmosan their respect church music and with

give, give, inphere, does wholehearted, set and the only minister can which affection, careful even never with being telligent to other. the support maintain, the up do and musical workers To it. indifference to to quote imply Wethis there will be understanding, all usually must be and to that shape prompt Pratt: will again minister from "The

constant consultation. Musicians they as so increase to the do who harmony his particular scrupulously be about

cannot the Priesthood effect. uphold should total and the of symmetry One during outward before and demeanor

released,be resign; authorities or large reasonably a who whether may wonder all will after exercises. musical and He sustaincannot the musicians they have part the of supposed want of sympathy forget prayers his to not in mention

called their assistance to release should of is musicians religious with work those serve through the church who is fair either, other coursethem. to their not to No instinctive recoil due from or will not instrument. song... Heor will for progress. growth and make the crude and of even vulgar ways forth, effort stand aloof put any from require shouldThis argument, but no speech action that and ministers some life indirectly, to feed the even musical

it if helpful the might prove matter permit themselves to are adopt. There to the the parish or of of community into gonewere somewhat, always in altogether too violations of good many it belongs."whicha spirit respectful of helpfulness, and taste propriety that and go along with

viewed from the side of both, never what is thought to be Gospel earnestNow what may the Priesthood expect Certainly to see in the singers?losing sight all are the fact that of language, slovenliof ness—crudities fitness spiritual fullhearted support; salvation for the felworking of their ness of manner, habits of egotistic and

lows. domineering swagger, a rough disrefor the sincere performance of the

One writer has said that "musical gard for all refined sensibilities. These work; a reverent, respectful attitude

the toward Priesthood before the are andpeople like others in suscepbeing things, alas, are not unknown among the people of congregation;tible of to kindliness respectful a mode and conthe heralds of was and Him meek who

is in life that fullsideration, theii accord with intentions, manly noble and lowly, gentle tender; and wherever and calling as musical salministers in the intelligentto an judicious policy, and

to genuine spiritual growth."They they appear, and even where they are vation process of the Saints,

is to exist, imagined there it feltlike to have that they may be mistakenly Music Priesthood and may work dislike. sure to be In reaction and"counted as hearty sympathizers upon hand in hand by mutual understandin achieving whatsoever things are all my acquaintance with musicians I ing, consideration and helpfulness to

true, honorable, lovely, and gracious."cannot recall a single expression of opthe edification of all concerned and to

Upon this basis the Priesthood is in position to the essence of religion, but the glory of God and His work.

Priesthood dAaronk accomplish- a thoroughly noteworthy A decidedly Hawthorne. Ward Makes balancederence to itrecordwill indicate of activities of asand percent is the number among ment

OutStanding.Record each of the quorum groups, a record signments filled and number of memNE of the best examples of towhichduplicate.undoubtedly would be difficult berssubstantiatesfilling assignments.the belief of Thisthe Presidreport

proper operation of the The last item in each group "total ing Bishopric, as expressed in repeated

Aaronic Priesthood superinactive"is represented almost entirely instructions that Aaronic Priesthood vision the plan and Aaronic are without meetings should be continued the of quorums members by whoPriesthoodO the Correlation plan with, the age. interruption during or of summer one over 20 years With

Sunday School, M. I. A. and Semintwo exceptions every young man in months. The record shows that over

ary, is that of Hawthorne Ward, the ward between 12 and 20 has not a four week period the decrease in atGranite Stake. only been accounted for but is active tendance, even in July and August was

Fred E. Curtis, chairman of the in church work. very slight.

Ward Aaronic Priesthood committee, A special campaign is now being It is suggested that both the Stake has compiled a report of the first nine developed to reach those who are over and Ward Aaronic Priesthood supermonths of the year, covering the activ20 years of age in the hope that they visors study this report carefully as a ity of each of the three grades of Priestmight be induced to become active and guide to better Aaronic Priesthood achood, Priests, Teachers and Deacons. thus be advanced into their proper tivity under careful and consistent suThis report is printed herewith. Refquorums. pervision.

Stake Summer Priesthood Nine Month Report—Hawthorne Ward—Liberty

aaronic priesthood activities Meetings

Deacons Jan. Feb. Mat. Apr. May June July Aug. Sept. yN view of the fact that in some

No of quorums; or classes... 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 1 wards and stakes of the Church

Total Pnesthood in ward.... 79 89 85 83 90 83 85 87 87 dissessions were Priesthood y<J y enrolled 85 83 87 87 83No. 79 85 in Quorums

a season, continued. for the summer enrolled notNo.No. of quorum or class 000000000 bulletin issued by the Presiding BishMeetings held 15 12 12 12 15 12 15 12 12 opric sometime ago is reprinted hereAverage Attendance monthly with.

at Quorums 48 51 55 57 59 53 55 56 56 The reports from stakes where regPercent of total No. in u lar Priesthood activities were con-

... attendance 61 63 71 63 60 66 63 66 62

. the summer are 5 5 5 3 3 3 5 3Total No. excused so thisenit.. is. that.. hoped 5 couragingj j throughthatVB 343 298 306 297 260 245 AssignmentsNo. 289 214 filled 260

No. who filled assignments.... 47 51 53 53 55 55 55 56 55 will be the last summer when quorum

in anyNo. of assignments unfilled.. 6 12 7 6 8 610 11 6 activities will be discontinued

Total No. active....-- 53 57 59 59 62 63 61 65 63 of the stakes.

Total No. Inactive 26 28 28 28 21 22 22 27 26 Records of social agencies show

that the curve of juvenile delinquency

Teachers Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May June July Aug. Sept. rises sharply at the close of school in

.... classes or ofNo. quorums 1Vla**,,,

ward.... in \ Priesthood 63 63 62Total 58 62 59 59 5911111111162 TIt nr?ris customaryoUtZZnJ JUneTnnp tQ< discontinue,. sev63 enrolled in Quorums..... 62No. 59 58 63 62 62 59 59

No. not enrolled eral other Church activities during theNo. of quorum or class 000000000 summer, leaving the young men of

meetings held 4 4 5 4 5 4 4 the Church open to temptation andAverage Monthly Attendance 54 without the gliding and steadying at Quorums 30 34 37 38 37 33 33 37 39 influence oS the Priesthood. Jit is

inPercent of total No. the felt men that the time young when

attendance... 61...51 62 65 55 59 60 56 57 influence. church. the.,, most 6 6 6 7 8 excused of, the 4Total 7 No. 4, quotheir.,. neednPnesthood the 6 of Church-,. filled........106 Assignments 129 128 134 149No. 104 135 148 254

No. who filled assignments.. 21 30 32 33 35 36 36 37 37 rums should not leave them to tnemNo. of assignments unfilled.. 4 6 3 5 8 811 8 7 selves, but should make their proTotal No. active 39 42 43 44 40 40 40 42 42 grams even more attractive and helpTotal No. inactive 20 20 19 18 19 19 18 21 21 fu l.

The bulletin which was issued Priests Jan. Feb. Mar Apr May June July Aug. Sept. some time ago is as follows:

No. of quorums or classes....

in ward.... PriesthoodTotal 62 63 60 60 62 56 56 57 11111111162 urVV eeKlyli rnestnooaPnWhnnH lVieeiingbMeerinp-s.... 63 62No. enrolled 62 60 62 57 in quorums 60 56 56

enrolledNo. not

and. bnmch yNI class or Weekl,. orNo. quorum. *, be,held,, should,,, meeting Priesthood 5 held meetingsAverage Monthly Attendance 44 45 45 44 * * * Every person in the ward holdat quorums 41 42 43 45 46 38 42 41 42 ing the Priesthood should be enrolled.

Percent of total No. in The bishop will preside at the weekly

attendance 66 68 70 72 77 63 75 73 74 meeting. All should meet in a genexcusedTotal No....... 9 9 8 8 8 7 10 9 10 exercral for opening the assembly

filled of AssignmentsNo....210 221 301 201 161 236 149 137 200 this and meeting, During

.., filled 6 -... 3 3 8 9 assignmentsNo. 43 42 40 42 44 44 44 who A and ube& givenbrief instructions., timely may 3 6 8 5 unfilled. 9 8 8 7 of assignmentsNo. 10

Total No. active 50 50 50 51 49 48 46 46 47 any items of business to be considered

Total No. inactive 12 12 12 12 11 12 10 10 10 by the Priesthood should be presented.

Fred E. Curtis, Ward Supervisor Then the members should adjourn to

44 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

Correlation Reports Show Gratifying Progress VflTH a large number of Stakes v v making a regular report on Correlation work the real value and advantage of this important plan in the enlisting and holding of young men of the Church in Priesthood activity is becoming apparent.

A survey of recent reports indicates that in Uintah Stake the increase in activity was a total of 12 for the month. These were from three wards.

The Grant stake increase totals 87 from one month with a report that was rtot entirely complete. Malad

stake gained 27 from 7 wards. The

Pocatello stake reports 20 members increased activity for the month, eighteen coming from the Pocatello 6th ward, which made a special campaign with excellent results. Lehi stake

shows an increase of 12, being disim- 5 wards. vided between With

Priesthood Gathering A Great of ilar stake results each reported from the largest gathering Probably Priesthood Church of the of activities increase in the in the Church times. April 6, Centennial in modern Conference, 1930, The

in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Present were the First Presidency, would amount to considerably more

Council of Twelve, First Council of Seventy, Presiding Patriarch, than 1,000 per month.

Presiding Bishopric, Mission Presidents, Stake Presidencies, In the Era for December a sumBishoprics, General Boards and others. mary of reports of the Stakes is to

their different class rooms and proceed splendid activity among the deacons be printed and it is hoped every stake with their regular lessons. of the Ogden 8th Ward. in the Church will send a complete

September of the for report month * * * In stakes some Priesthood recently for conducted was A contest in in possible October as early asmeetings been have discontinued durat attendance for meetings quorum recognition might proper that a ordering the June, of months July and three three period the of months. Of for December. in the Era given be ItAugust. thing seems an unusual in the the quoSecond quorums Ward

for part of a great organization an average with was victorious to rum cease its directive activities during oneattendance for the three of Priesthood Conferences months fourth the of year. trust surely We conferences priesthood annual 91%. nPHEthis the course not be pursued may three attendance for the record This in are held connection with whichduring 1933. is unusual, very being months more stakes the of the durof Church most is the harvest largely As gathnow the of three the times average than in connection quarter the fourth ingered in over, vacations and are we feel Church. are conferences quarterly stake with allthat organizations at once should taken were a they reward on As under way. a nowarrange their for winter's Espework.

Salt City tour they of where Lake Priestthe Aaronic of work Thecially the should Priesthood each of square, the the Temple the Correlation plan form and Capitol hood its activities revisitedward take with up interest. other building points of and features in these Priesthood important vigor,newed in the lesson only not

Participation of Aaronic efforts in all the systematicwork but as conferences. in the The members quorum feature. a is also Priesthood members faith,that will righteousness promote in are as follows: the picture shown

and unity throughout the Church. Front row left to right: Glenn Behling, Leaders of Aaronic Priesthood work

We trust that each stake will not Robert Johns, Colbert Bingham, in stakes and wards are urged to prefail to fall in line promptly wilth Arnold Wheeler, Lamont Johns. Back pare well in advance for such portions

Billy to right: Parley Jensen, row left as aire assigned to of the programthose their have continued who Anderson, Earl PackPriest- Manning, Henry charge. in their men young meetings during thehood summer L. Allen. Supervisor; Frank ham,

months. The organization of the Supervisor; Kenneth Jensen, Everett

Priesthood quorums and active superJudd. Aaronic Priesthood Lessons to

vision should be perfected. of the same 1 st classes be Completed December 3 lessons in the PriesthoodThe

should be so carried out as to get 'I VHE lesson outlines for the Aaronic the greatest benefit from them, and Priesthood, which are prepared at the same time to finish the present under the direction of the Presiding lesson outlines by the end of the year. Bishopric, are intended to cover the

Every effort should be made to secure calendar year from January 1 to Dethe regular attendance and activity cember 3 1. The lesson outlines now

of all members who bear this sacred in use in the quorums of Priests, responsibility. Teachers, and Deacons should be completed by December 3 1 preparatory

Deacons'Quorum of Ogden to taking up new lessons which will

Eighth Ward be provided by that time.

The books are expected to be ready (CHAIRMAN the Stake,W.AaronicW. Rawson,Priesthoodof Second Quorum of Deacons, Ogden byurgedDecemberto so plan15 th.their Supervisorswork that thisare

Committee of the Ogden Stake, reports 8th Ward. schedule can be maintained.

MUTUAL MESSAGES

ExecutiveDepartments Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendencv General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

First International Recreational Congress

business relationships bind Education for leisure is more important been effective in decreasing drinking labor. for than in people among young England. The tothe countries of the worldNOT great trouble the with is picture moving to a, children will day new be The blessresearch, gether, scientific not

that the producers lost sight have ing a curse or according the to degree of rein part, except not even of higher in their aims competition mad self preparation for self improvement or instinct to the ligion; but common office for It success. box true be may indulgence.

play. that the it public buys yet what wants and It is free during that our time we make

is thought the a outstanding there definite This was limit to the which movies ourselves ourselves. break or

disbe should in addresses, to allowed the financial seeking the go running through recreation children of The the and success. presented cussions, the demonstrations

training leisure for time activities are the are There four stages of leisure time at First the International Recreation forces will which enable live to them pursuits: first, idleness The in which we Congress, in which convened Los An- a higher moral plane on time the they by do nothing but just "set"; the second, geles during the July week 2329, of the reach eighteen, age of the newithout entertainment, in which allow we ourcessity for discipline self national 1932. conferences other than had Many selves passively to be amused; third, the

discipline. previously held been in the both Unitparticipation in physical activities and

ed States and in other countries but games; and fourth, education in leisure

this was the first time the nations had POSSIBILITIES OF RECREATION IN which makes it possible to enjoy the come together in a great international PROMOTING INTERNATIONAL GOOD higher intellectual pursuits.

gathering and immediately there was WILL We should not be concerned so much generated the spirit of oneness, of with finding champions. They naturally

Speaker: Dr. emerge. Rufus von be Kleinsmid, more concerned We should unity, world, brotherhood. of The President of University of general with promoting Calif. Southern participation.

is all. felt, one not so large after The

the are time of very people has world The passed much when anyone who Education Through claims to countriesakin. nation twentyeight does know not Physical his own Some recreation other nations fairly know well. Science, they represented; our fromwere came

business, failed Jesse Speaker: Dr. these have Fearing, Williams. the north near neighbors on

to bring thereligion—allnations together. hope Our York New south across and from

lies the sea—fromand the in play.

Great Britain, from Germany, SwitzerNever judge a work of art by its defects speaker The told the story of a base never and judge play the land, of the people France, CzechoSlovakia, by from ball team which to went Japan with the mistakes that are made. the far Scandinavian countries, from assurance that the school was not conrecognition daily of The youth's needs off India, from China and and Japan cerned so their with much victory is deor the indicator the will one which pointHawaii, from to South feat as it with was the establishment of America—All to future way programs. talk together vital the question about friendships. told were They that unless Participation in recreation is depend leisureof time, effects they the of ennobling came back with a pressing invitation skills ent on and people trained be must to come again they of directed spiritrecreation, the of would never be sent to before play they will play.

ualizing benefits of play. on another such trip. The old field in the development of

The program provided for one or "All the world effort should have but muscles is changed to one in the developone will interests. ment of toward all nations.more general meetings each day where We aregoal—goodaiming at the solution age of a, Theaddresses world of pioneering in this country from representatives the from

has problem nearly problem—-a gone. which years means our since have Thevarious countries were presented, for

peace. Science, business, religion, to been devoted industry. ated- and our Nowdepartment sessions the where various ucation will its be tention background should play be but to culture. turned leisurephases of activities time received is; the element will which effectively most wealth have to not and To know howspecial attention, for recreational and help us to solve the is use problem. a social loss; Missionleisure to have and

features demonstrating aries of forms many of sport must the it go is not around to world."use individual itknow how anplay activity.—Dr. Rufus von Kleinsmid. and a social loss. The following notes, of addresses

given in general sessions and of talks Use and Abuse of Leisure Recreation in Mexico discussionsand in department meetings, give an idea of the spirit and trend Speaker: Sir Harold Bowden. England NationalSpeaker:PlanningCarlos Commission,Contreras, MemberMexico

of thought which characterized the is Leisure the time in one has he which Recreation in its real meaning shouldconference: call his soul may and by soul wc his own include not only sports, physical

General Sessions mean mind and body together. play grounds and school programs;games,but

individual Today education lore, the also folk means music, drama, dancing, arts RECREATION AND CITIZENSHIP ability to leisure use of one's crafts, and make good sociability, happiness.

Speaker: Walter F. Dexter, President time. We in Mexico celebrate spring festivals,

Whittier College, California There is no doubt that the movies have April, May and June festivals and all 46 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

months are rich in holidays and on a holiday everyone takes a day off. Personally I celebrate the day of declaration

of nonindependence—the day I proposed

to my wife and was accepted.

The New World of Leisure as Viewed by a Scientist

Speaker: Dr. Robert Millikan, of California, Internationallyknown Scientist

Dr. Millikan pointed out that recreation and the leisure time we enjoy today

are largely the outgrowth of Science.

Diseases have been conquered, giving people a greater degree of health and longer expectancy of life. Machines have taken

the drudgery from the shoulders of people and left them time in which to play and science has perfected such facilities as the automobile, radio, movies, elec- M. I. A. Convention Assembly of Yellowstone, Fremont, Teton

trical effects and devices and to all of these Stakes, August 28, 1932.

people turn for relaxation.

We may define civilization as the multiplication of human wants. Science has Public grounds and swimming pools stead of recreation; they look for stimuli

supplied these wants and provided them should be paid for by those who stay outfrom without instead of recreation in for our enjoyment. side. which they themselves participate.

In 1800 95% of the population of It is desirable that cheerful people Neither the purely commercial, nor the the United (States were engaged in Agrishould be brought together for practicing purely intellectual, the purely artistic, nor exercise. they should politica,l Therefore, physical the purely is type of individual less than culture. Today, 25% are so

fitted in a sociable together way. as a leader, be brought but has a comone who to its applicationengaged. Science and

industry have freed the energies of twoTo be on foot, plainly nourished, bination of all of these qualities. Above

thirds of our people from agriculture for sleeping in plain beds is good for everyall things a leader's soul should be full other fields. one. of the sun of serenity.

schools The can do more than they Sports for Girls Recreation as a Field for Volunhave done in turning attention to vocational training and the leisure time trainDr. Diem maintained that sports genteer Public Service

This motherhood. girls for prepare erally vocational ing of men. Speaker: Sir Noel Curtis Bennett, of with taking issue discussion, aroused some pay attention to univertoo much We England

sity graduates and not enough to the the doctor.

training of the carpenter, the brick layer The question was discussed as to the The field of service is enlarged through and the housekeeper for the wise use of effect of spectacular sports on the poise recreation; this is one of its chief dileisure which the advance of science will and modesty of girls. The general opinvisions and is a most constructive field.

afford. ion was that many sports may be inThe speaker does not favor work hours

Material needs have been so well taken dulged in by girls but no one should be reduced too much but looks forward to a care of during the last winter that there over emphasized. The necessity for havday when we shall all have opportunity

is the possibility of relieving the people ing gradual and thorough preparation was to develop our individual tastes and talfrom the necessity of working for bodily pointed out. ents.

needs. Hence the machine age has brought "Girls in Germany,"said Dr. Diem, Leisure should be recreative. How

the opportunity for caring for the soul "take part in all sports except combative many hours in each life are either killed rather than the body. sports such as wrestling, and boxing."or wasted.

Give your children opportunity to do Every city in Germany has a sports There is no finer service than to help things for their higher life. doctor. Germany has still a few men others use those hours well. This field

The five hour day will earn as much teachers but is making an effort to secure of service is an opportunity for the ordias a ten hour day before. Now the massmore women teachers. nary person. Special talents are not rees can have leisure. Boys and girls should play together so quired, for whatever skill one has, howThe present lawlessness is due to the freely that there is neither shyness nor ever small, he will find someone else ready

fact that we have not learned to adjust over emphasis of sex. to accept the gift from him.

to the conditions. right new Mankind is limits. Recreation age are no There

is AlvarezGayou, of in the Mexico itself Lamberto process of adapting now the little children and to to both important to these conditions. to These longer work. unable are experience aged Mexico has not had as much who

as other foreign countries. Bull fights are are still given power to enjoy.

Department Sessions aredisappearing.introducing AmericansAmerican athletics.and JapanesePlay theThe"goodspeakerold wastimes."not in Hesympathyhas no withuse

Sports for the People Mexico.grounds areFull beingtime leadersestablishedare beingall overemfor the mocker at the football game.

Speaker: Dr. Carl Diem, Germany ployed. Speaker: Dr. Jerrald Smith, of Louisiana

In Southern are Mexico funds provided religion the that formal held view He in said introducing chairman Dr. The recreation for in the education in budget; or than taught two more be should not practices he preaches, whatDiem—"He Northern are few Mexico funds provided rest a of the week. three hours The rides, he runs."swims, he he fees that so charged. are admission cleancut, wholein spent be should time those concerned about do was He who

see speaker could in the program The environment. some activities. in participate not play

sports participated of in internationally all real people. recreation play develops of need is for program Play The We

better the basis for in other understanding service. should believes places Everyone for unpaid everybody. fundamentHe

affairs. international

ally recreation. of socialized a portion in place during find All agencies a sporting

his leisure time. Training Recreation Leaders combined have only scraped the surface.

The body is not only the vehicle for The big problem is to deal with the the spirit but is itself a bit of spiritualized Speaker: Dr. Carl Diem, Germany masses.

flesh. Relation of Recreation to Work—Money properly expended for directed

Play is humanitarian. It helps one to Recreation is the oil of the machinery of play cannot be lost. It is only translove his neighbor as himself. life. Too many look for diversion inferred from the department of delinquency.

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 47

is always There to be done in about work both intellectual interest and great Miscellaneousthe character building. of realm emotion.

the qualbe should Emphasis put on is thinker thinker. a foolish for the beautiful usually is en- A final A love

ity unpaid. or paid of service whether leisure have and feel a clutch in silence. joyed not know how to you To When

Play leadership should be studied as a,t your heart and a mist in your eyes, use it is a calamity.

one would study chemistry or any other you are living. There are those who are Nations can be glorified only by the

subject. The best kind of voluntary help totally deaf and color blind. prosperity of other nations.

is thatis that kind willing to take time will the unite Recreation world and uplift. refresh, art of Great works

to train. is study service and Voluntary will the can emthen day we come when artist of eyes have art an with Those

lifethe the of movement. volunMany leisure constructively be willploy our and galleries go. they wherever

teers are better trained paid than workers talents. others to share our ing with

art appreciation of but production Notin crafts, dramatics, etc. music, hand But, is salvation of for the the age This

has with recreation. to do isthis in activities. true not physical this all leisure. day things Like new

Care should be taken that those who Knowledge of art is intellectual; apprecomes with darkness and sorrow. It is

have had brief instructions as in institutes, ciation of art is emotional. It manifests our task to make of it an age of opporetc., should not consider themselves itself in the clutch at your breast. tunity and happy living.

trained; they should be inspired to go The business of poetry is not to save This is a new day. One in which

farther. men's souls but to make them worth America is losing much through not seeing

Make use of school people. saving. moonlight and trees, feeling a morning

Professionals should become crusaders Recreation is a renewal of spirit and breeze, touching hands and knowing in giving service. Volunteers must move through a renewal of spirit, a renewal of hearts.

the world to progress. body. Men have lost from their souls the high

and are broken expectancy. of They

create quickens emotions and upsense To there come must lost Again hope. have Amateur Music Making lifts soul. the hapsinging and of souls men into the

Speaker: Professor Alexander Stewart Miss Mechlin told the story of her litpiness.

pictle to a hen came show nephew who a a without world build cannot We Music today does not need new compoeagle. reply ture of an Her he drawn had of comradeship faith. The of foundationsitions or it performers as so needs much like it an doesn't "It's look lovely, but was expectancy based be on must a day newaudiences hear. to well,"like dove."It "Very a eagle. looks our know must sympathy. and We

a fine singing id it feature Community dove."a of "let be answered, he but avenues live on neighbors. may We

life.community silent are organs Many must alleys. lives else as saying, quoted on She We "There someone someone

except on Sunday. the not gather Why and problems their is life hearts, tragic in their mistakes than nothing more knowpeople together in the other Churches and what share and discouragements, in material."imperishable Miss But made and hopes

public halls to participate in singing to or but sympity Not them. stated Mechlin that with these have are mistakes not welisten to music. good understanding. if will bring tragic are steps they to pathy greater accomUse existing facilities to do mass work plishment. Beecher says, "Heart life, soul life,

and massive choirs in festival experiments. hope, joy and love are the true values."

is to lessen skills child a new teach fundamental desires in every To Two huSpeaker: Christoe, Marie of New child who The delinquency. of York his are being danger the desiresman for music and

child is the well veryfor nothing contact outlet Art is an can for release with do things. growing of They the human

are as fundamental as the urge for physspirit. who drifts into delinquency.

ical activity. New zest comes with the discovery of The human factor should control all.

The fgreatest delight in music comes our own aptitudes. We have become possessed with possesfrom striving for excellence. Never stifle the joy of creation in chilsions. This should be a depression only

dren no matter how crude the product. in industry and commerce. We must not

Arts and Crafts in a Recreation let it be a depression in human relatiors.

Program Speaker: Dr. Brown of Chicago Many lovely recreational features

the Congraced demonstrations and LilaSpeaker: Mechlin, of Washington, told the story a of in shut party He these by gress. Legend were C. "The D. Among ice in region. Arctic had nothing They pagwater an evening Pool,"of the is cards. five a Creative of outlet All deck but work an and its purbut went

pose is not so much in the production as mad. They had companionship but did eant, in which fairy dancers, hobgob-

the enjoyment of the process. It brings not have the art of living. They had lins, | mermaids, and modern divers

renewal and refreshment of spirit. It is food, clothing and heat but that alone disported themselves amid ferns and

having fun with one's mind. It brings could not save their reason. flowers and in the shimmering waters

of the pool; the Music Festival at the

Greek Theatre in which negro spirituals captivated the audience; play demonstrations and social dancing in the

colorful Sala d'Oro of the Biltmore

Hotel: "The Symphony Under the

Stars"at the Hollywood Bowl in which exquisite dancing rivaled the superb music; and the "Spirit of Play"

Pageant presented in the Rose Bowl in

Pasadena in which foreignborn groups, composed of nearly 2000 individuals, portrayed the games and recreation activities popular in the various countries represented.

The delegation of ten members of the M. I. A. General Boards and several representativs from stakes were inspired throughout by the proceedings

of the Congress. Their concept of the

meaning of recreation and their vision

Moroni Stake M. I. A. Officers and "House of M. I. A.,"used for of its. possibilities as a character buildMoroni Stake Era program. The cost of the house was 35c, the house ing and spiritualizing force were broadbeing made with butcher knife and scissors. ened. At the same time they were

48 The Improvement Era for November, 1 932

grateful that the leisuretime program of the M. I. A. measures up so completely to the ideals and methods preAdult

sented by these national groups, and the splendid organofproud Church Project (for [December 6thpeople,ciple of werightwouldin each.find a basic prinization, provides of the means which

carrying forward such a program. Social Contacts 5. The third reason is that its pracis tice a self discipline of demethod

1. at Right Text: Thing "The sirable in education. our "Educators

S. StevenBertha All Times,"SesConjoint EveningSuday are becoming aware of the necessity (Used Grace Neslen C. son and

a importance of greater and knowledge sion For December in program, Gleaner and M-Men practice the and of courtesies common 193132.) in life."daily our S. is Dr. Benin the Adam December monthOINCE II. by Address, Excerpts an from said once nion that the reason why celebrate Saints Latterday which S. Stevenson. Bertha the people did young thing wrong was Christ, birth Jesus Master, the the of 1. is It desire the the of General often because of right the ignorance of that the the of Prophet Lord, and Board this Committee, during coming thing do. to the committee thought Smith,Joseph to in classes Winter, build our adult up

local officers might prefer to formulate what might be called a conduct com- 6. Another reason in favor of the

their own conjoint program for Deplex, making our adult people more study of etiquette is that manners are cember, therefore, no specific program conscious of their conduct at home and an aid to personality. Edith B. Ord

is suggested. abroad. It is a means of development way, in her book, "The Etiquette of

and progression, and is a medium in Today,"tells us if we would gain the accomplishment of greater harmony recognition in society we must cultivate the following as fundamentals good among men. Invited Guests and contributing to a pleasing personality 2. "Etiquette,"says Margaret SangBy GLADYS R. MESSEX ster, "is no flummery of posers, but a—mental attitude, appearance, mansystem of rules of conduct based on ners, and speech. Our mental attitude

sincerity, should be unselfish one of self, admis- a respect respect invited guests coupled of with ness, is self control. and Character others."of sounds party private to aCHARGING sion the all foundation for true courtesy, of I 3. shall present reasons people, a few to inhospitable mostrather why

are "manners but minor morals."Conis I think this subject first timely. a is that the exactly plan The thatbut

fucius said, are "Morals manners and is foremost and adult education. Ideals school high of people of younggroup

inseparable."greatly have changed were Colorado, in Boulder, since we college ageand

have adopted to insure a continuation children; our children have grown up 7. Dr. T. L. Nichols, in his book

of the kind of social events that they under different environment. As paron "Social Life,"says, "The little

have enjoyed in past years in spite ents we should become acquainted with observances of social life are more imof the reduced income of many of their ways of and reasons for doing portant than people think. A noble

their families. things, that we may have a greater unand attractive bearing is the fruit of

The group operates without formal derstanding of their actions; also we years of kindly acts and deeds and has

organization of any kind, but includes must be exemplary. Emerson said, been described as the last touch. It is

about 15 couples, and parties that "Give a boy address and accomplishthe result of true balance and harmony vary from beefsteak fries to week ment and you give him the mastery of of soul."The foundation of good

end vacation houseparties given by palaces and fortunes. Wherever he manners should be laid in the home.

different members on the average of goes, he has not the trouble of earning Edith B. Ordway says, "Without

once every three weeks. Usually or owning them. They solicit him to manners at home, it is impossible to

two to four of the young people act enter and possess."preserve the real nobility and unselfishas hosts, plan the entertainment and 4. My second reason for considering ness of character which make a man or

assume about half of the estimated this subject is that it deals with the a woman socially desirable.

expenses. Then they telephone inconsideration for others. Every human 8. Margaret Wade of the New

vitations to the rest and it is the usual being, tmkss dwelling alone, away York Times spent twenty years of her thing for the host to say, from the haunts of men, is a member life in the city of Washington, help- "We will have to charge you 15 of society of some sort or other. If we ing people, newly elected to national

cents for your refreshments."were to analyze the various performoffices, in their problems of correct pro-

O EFRESHMENTS are very simple, etiquetteances andbysystemsmost recognizedrefined and asculturedcorrect requisitescedure. Shein acquiringsays, "Theknowledgeessentialof

some of them being made at home, and so there is usually enough which give life and color to the party.

Of course this plan assumes that no one host will try to utdo others in providing expensive entertainment and food. In fact many times there is a

small surplus after all bills have been paid, and the money is presented by the host ot ne of the local Sunday schools.

Another interesting feature of this live group is that the boys never allow a wall flower to flourish in their midst, and every girl is escorted both to and from the parties by one of the boys, although there ist never any permeanent pairing off for games and Fathers and Sons, Mothers and Daughters at the outing of entertainment. Moroni Stake M. I. A. 12% of Stake population was present.

.

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 49

correct usage are natural refinement and common sense."> 9. Technically speaking there are Seniors

two phases to this subject: first, the

training of the individual in politeness 'I *HE Senior Department has three selves, under good conditions, in the and courtesy, and a feeling of love and * possible objectives: atmosphere of the church, these mapeople 1 should have a profitable thereverence; and, secondly, mechanhap- ture easy and Information.—An

together. time procedure. discussionical learning of outlined of the subjects rules and py

The finest form of gentleman will be in the Manual. The leader is not

he who learns both and makes them necessarily an expert. In some cases he Magazine References

a habit in his life. may be and we are happy to have TT is suggested that the members of

III. Suggestions for Evening's Prohim such; but a wide awake person the class bring together their used

gram: who will take part in the discussion magazines that icontain material on the

1. Consider fundamental princiwithout dictating or preaching is all subject matter of the lesson, and form

ples of etiquette. See first that is necessary. a magazine library. Sometimes dealchapters of text and above ex- 2. To Inspire Interest in the Big ers have back numbers of current magtheir azines should covers perhaps) cerpts. (minus of Problems the Day.—We

this in all that for be secured purpose. for material could open 2. Find our eyes basic principle in a numkeep

ber of rules. See excerpt current magazines and newspapers, in

number 4 above. Why should addition to referring to the articles Recreation

a gentleman leave the car first? quoted in the lessons. Each month the 'I *HE entire course is in a sense recreWhy and when does the genEra will contain an article that bears ational. The programs for one

tleman precede a lady in a theupon the subject under discussion. night a month planned and published

atre? Find others. See page (This month see article by Dr. Chrisin the Manual, page 99, supplement

63 of text. ten Jensen), "The Demands of the the lessons and we hope will prove in-

3. Demonstrate proper introducVeterans,"by Walter Lippman, Womteresting. If some other type of rections. See pages 4245 inc. an's Home Companion is an interestreation is desired, however, it may be

4. A "True and False"test often ing study. used. One stake, with the approval

creates interest. Examples: The third or concluding lesson on of the Stake Board, has had a series of

a. True. A gentleman preeach subject applies Latterday Saints dances for the members of the group.

cedes a lady downstairs and principles to the big problems. The For an athletic activity we are lookfollows her up. philosophy of the church is particularly ing for something distinctive and in-

b. False. "John, allow me to rich on the subjects to be considered. teresting. We are contemplating the

present Mrs. Brown."Let it be sought out and stressed. following for our standard games next

3. Sociability,—Liking each other year. We suggest that the [groups

Today philosophical,for their distinctivecynical,qualities.sentimental,Ideas eraltry themBoardoutM.andI. reportA. Committeeto the Genthe No yesterday—no memory, come out in the conversation and make degree of their success. No tomorrow—no hope, a beautiful imosaic. The teacher is In the Autumn and Spring: No today—nothing. one who 'will let the members talk For Men—Baseball.

r\\JK yesterdays are piled with joys and not curtail their ideas unless they For Women of about equal physical and sorrows, successes and failbegin to ride hobbies, but keep them ability—Indoor baseball.

ures; in to these piles we reach for to the subject and throw in his or her During Entire Year: material for the building of the domiideas to give the right color. For Men and Women—Volley

seize the today. ciles of We timbers womanFor instanceof about in24 oneyears,casewitha ayounggood Balltests),(forNetsociabilityBall, MassBall,but not forServiceconstraight or crooked, suit us best, which

Ball, shoe Horse yet realizing education, inexpeher (rubber for indoor in our choices and or smooth, rough rings. rience, use) or leader for is making Rubber an excellent structures. quality of our lie the

contains or three which a group two inis be that should a past There speContests other doctors, a lawyer and some left time and of the in terred tomb contests to for not attempt She does Seniors this year force PHE all cialists. greatest of there. forever The

lets express her opinions, but them farther go no than the ward. They resurof Man's teachers, the author

rection, said, "Let the dead bury the theirs and draws out comments from may compete with the M Men and so the group, the of other members in Gleaners their contests Public on kinds, are Recollections of two dead."

is rethe conversation pleasant a that etc., Speaking, being their governed by In hurtful. boyhood helpful and my conclusatisfactory sult. Complete, rules, the contest but in ends the ward. I read remembered and school days

a reached but are always sions not if instance For Senior a over wins an of these repeated oft words have and the problem of understanding bigger in the the ward, Man Men M M helped a have poet. me They is thought for results, food and much will nevertheless the to be one go on detains If past the you "Arise! for things out themfound. Working in the contest the other with Men M forget sorrows sunshine and Her

is It winners. thought very some to you bind chains so unworthy No

interesting wholesome and competition regret."a vain those of As

enliven thus the ward. may of Fright Night

the accumuladen with elcourse individual are pODAY, Seniors Of

Kleven P. Theodore By * lays ages, comes, igible lations of all the in contests the to open mem-

a great, gaunt cat with greyex- feet in at our its opportunities HH HERE'S bers,—music, drama and dancing. -* green eyes, choose for whatever change we may

rides witch weird, withered who A leaving passes on, to give then and I skies, Culture the through Saw Where lower, or higher poorer, richer us or galore, goblins ghosts host and of A personified real culture one weaker, or T SAW stronger more happy jack-o'lanterns, or Grinning more and many

It in a it panot less us. morning. was found than happy streets the parade Hallowe'en on Who

a seat at latial treatis fair not home, renowned entitled to today The seen. strangest ever sights you've The

ment. It deserves freedom from not of learning, nor yet in a stately Caonly the useless regrets of the past, Enough to make one's hair arise thedral. It was at an M. I. A. meetbut freedom from the phantom fears If he but looks with children's eyes. ing in the Assembly Hall.

of the future. It was on a radiant Sunday.

50 The Improvement Era for November9 1932

A woman rather taller than the average, rose to speak in the eight o'clockofficers'meeting. She stood erect in MenGleaners-womanly dignity; her head was tilted M

at a indicativeback slight angle of an "Let Us Dance as Did Our ebbing, duringthereforethe theearlyindividualhours of theshouldmornbe spirit the lookingupward within; and

early morning light, streaming in from Fathers at the Closing of at rest at this time. Discuss the ill

chaste her the east gave windows, the Day"socialeffects obligationof late dancingregardingpartiesthem.and our It ethereal.features a tinge almost was

her face that evoked the first pleasing TRANCING, the activity which will The following suggestions are made impression. The lines were delicate --De emphasized in the month of Deto M Men appointed to give the M

and graceful and gave slight evidence cember, has always occupied a promiMen talk on "Etiquette of The Ballof the seventyeight winters that had nent place in the recreational life of the room"in the December joint M Menpassed over them. Mormon people. In the early days of Gleaner meeting (See Community AcTo the casual observer she could the Church the most important obtivity Manual, pages 118122):

pass for forty. Every muscle in her jective was to afford an opportunity to M. I. A. dancing parties are quite

face seemed to be vibrant with an gain recreation through this activity. different from other dancing parties in

aesthetic and spiritual sensibility. Her But, because in recent years so many that in a sense they are not public

appearance recalled Emerson's idea of agencies, commercial and otherwise, dances, or private parties. Rules of

the highest success: "A cheerful inhave entered the field, the M.; I. A. is conduct, therefore, as found in books

telligent face is the end of culture and seeking, chiefly, sociability and culture of etiquette do not generally apply.

success enough."through the art of dancing. Of course, that which does apply and

Her personality aglow with the light Social dancing, if properly conductwhich tends to develop taste, culture should be carefully oband refinement, intelligenceof serenity and spiritual ed, affords great possibilities for the parties. served in M. I. A. reflected spirit the strong radiant development of grace, refinement, good

within. In that spirit there is a harmanners, poise, fine fellowship, and Because the dance, as a rule, is given

monious comingling of the eternal wholesome social contacts. When not in the Church itself or in a recreational

hall beauty adjoining properly and truth. the Church, conducted, good breedhowever, dancing

are intensified Inrealities—goodness,her these realities ing stanwould suggest by that Church may easily be converted into an exthe quickening touch of the Holy pression quite the opposite of these dards be adhered to, viz.: there should

Spirit which brings to the soul the fine social and aesthetic qualities. The be no smoking, drinking, or profanity

Saint's distinguishing graces, "Love, responsibility of developing and carryeither in the building or on the grounds joy, gentleness, meekness and faith."ing on the dance along the higher plane surrounding the chapel.

Her manner of speaking was in peris the responsibility of the M. I. A. Etiquette in the ballroom suggests

fect keeping with her womanly grace. With the many Ward and Stake recrethat each individual, especially the

She was earnest but not obtrusive, sinational halls now available, with the young men, should be concerned not cere but not dogmatic. There was not services of those trained in proper danconly about their own enjoyment, but

the slightest indication of* any attempt ing and ballroom etiquette, and with the enjoyment of the group during the to be either eloquent or impressive. the presence of young men and women evening. It should be the aim of everyHer simple refined words, full of such as are now found in our M Men one to see that everyone else is having

thought and meaning fell from her lips and Gleaner groups, this organization a good time.

little should have difficulty but in the notes like conthe spontaneous from course, suggest good manners Of ducting dances of the highest type bird. athroat and of

rests rethe that the young upon man in securing the best possible results. just the kind message her was And sponsibility the asking of lady young

Officers at such expect messageof you would might well to do stimulate the the for dance. Although young

thea starting a her beautiful of from of hour dances at woman earlier an hour sense chiv- a fine should of have man all so that poetess mother, of careervaried and could satisfied be well and all see alry should toward and women parties close at nothingleader was o'clock. There of 12 It women. has if are there possible that wallflow- no

decided tartness of the been of the address in her by medical authorities ers, the yet yet young woman who as vitality the flatterer, is at ofcynic that human the fawning or its lowest dancer, a should is not bend good or the cheap words of the sentimenevery effort to perfect her dancing and talist. With an optimism born of rich thus afford enjoyment to her partner

experience with the depths and heights when asked to dance.

life, the outlined sheof beautiful pathPicture The Cover us has custom up grown among A life."to "the abundantway at to vociferously of the end applaud

in her serene strong holds is She thrilling something about perHPHERE a to then proceed dance walk and fine intelsonality a the blending of in flight, water fowl especially at haste. floor the nervous with around

lectual, aesthetic, ethical spiritual and dusk above brooding water. It that suggested perhaps has been

essentials that ofelements it up the make After studied you have the cover acbetter form, after would be much are culture.the finest the things These of this the Era read month, the enthugentlemanly with folknowledging

that are worth the soul's eternal quest. lowing lines by Carruth, then turn siasm our pleasure in the dance, to

For back and view the cover again with stand and engage in social conversaeyes: new partner, tion, our but with not only value have thingsThree and worth

also be those perhaps with may who haze horizon, on the far "A supreme:

vicinity. in the immediate standing infinite, tender sky; The is strong, that sound and bodyA to dethe lead probably This would brightening grain in the cornThe clean;

intercourse. social fine a of velopment fields, clear, truth that's brain and holdsA

secure; And wild geese flying high; Another peculiar custom which we

all over upland heart that's pure as gold is AndAnd a charm The pure. of the goldenrod—and lowland, havemen, developedafter returningis the theirhabitpartnersof youngto

Some of us call it Autumn, their places at the; close of each dance,

Yes, I saw true culture that morning; And others call it God."to rush to some central meeting place,

artd Ruth May Fox furnished the perhaps near the exit doors, and revision. Nephi Jensen. main there until the beginning of the

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 51

next dance. Would it not be much

better were the young men to engagein pleasant conversation with the Menyoung ladies present or with |their M the structions sent will be throughpartners, the period the music during Pledge M Men will Supervisors mail be and to Stake played?is not being

issue the in of the published next Imself and fearlessly to rT1 conquer Talk by Gleaner Girl—"Dancing -*- stand for what is right, no matprovement Era.

as an Art."In Germany dancing is ter who oppose-, I will devote my

considered one of the delightful arts strength. A TTENTION is called to the new

in which young and old may particiTo keep my body clean, to speak "basketball rule requiring a one pate. "Let us talk with our feet"is what is but fine and true, to build dollar registration fee from every team

their slogan and in all of their folk a mind where Deity may reign, participating in M Men baskeball. No

dances they use their feet to tell very I dedicate my youth. team will be eligible to participate in

beautifully the joy and satisfaction that To honor those who gave me being, any InterStake Tournament until all fill the soul. In fact all countries to shelter womanhood from stain, to teams in the Stake it represents have

its decrees, fees. their keeping paid land by serve my theirhave spoken language a of own

is due, what to Maker render to my the dance. Inthrough our Commuis mine. might I consecrate what TV/f Supervisors register should MEN materialnity Activity Manual much an I will be help, Divine With M the with at once Study Homewill bearing proper be and found on this hour. from Man of Department the Brigham Youngartistic It dancing. to be well would

watch current magazines and use liUniversity for the course "Effective brary material for this talk. Let our Notes Teaching for Young Men."Comthis plete course begin qualifying and feel value the people beauty andyoung the listed above have Men TT7E M special for the recognition and award rather that they shouldof dancing than ** the in person Pledge. Every offered the of the General Board by activity lose delightful of the joy a to an desires become who M AsImprovement Mutual Young Men its Church coarse interpretation ofthrough this take and memorize must Man sociation the Supervisors. (See to Mpurpose refulfill other the as as well Pledge, this for information on Guide Men Dancing dates so far back that it is quirements listed in the M Men's Guide subject.) lost in antiquity. The oldest people before they are eligible to become M

to inhabit earth theknown had forms Men has been decided and are entitled to wear the M TTof dancing still unlike not those which Man pin.

left shall to the beexist. thisM Menyear Superthat it first ballet, however, The was

visor to prepare questhe examination in Italygiven in introruled 1489, and has was Men /pHE M tions the the of "Purpose on Men into later. aduced France M century Sothe in active Church that Men MCommittee it a to Movement,"be Means "What is cial dancing always popular with or ages the of reached 22 have who Christ"Follower of "Sportsand on it offers people a fineyoung and opporuntil the with continue work 23 may

desire for those to bemanship,"who tunity for the culture, development of requirements the completed they have

Supervisors should come Men. poise, grace and manners. M good that they providing Men, for Master M difficult their examinations make three the next so to within able are do demonstration period used be may A it the necessary for to enough make are or under 21 years. Those who in the learning contest in dance or to understand thoroughly young men before requirements the meet indancing class must party recreaor room the qualifying as subject before M birthday. their hall. tion 24th

of Information the purpose on Men.

and on Men movement M the M together program with informaTV/TANY young men who desire to Menthe * qualify as Master M Men have tion on sportsmanship is contained the light spirituality credit of we are may receive whether they asked inDY the Guide. Material on M Men's

year. last able see participation the to of real meanings for basketball the subject to be of "What it Means

life. Through it the true purposes Attention is called to the fact that no a follower of Christ"should be furnof life become crystallized; and doubt credit for participation in any activity ished by the Supervisors.

and fear pass away and confidence and previous to September 1, 1932, can Where desirable, uniform examinaassurance take their places. be given to an aspirant for Master M tions for the whole Stake may be

Spirituality is a gift of God but Men honor. worked out under the direction of the can be obtained by all who really Stake M Men Supervisor.

desire it. It is a product of the heart HpHE dates for the schools for M

and its sacred attar must be distilled Men Supervisors throughout the [O one will be eligible to compete in the possess soul of him would who basketball, listed in the or Guide any Church, Men Men M M it. is spiritual truly the be To all until competition has other he been changed. have Information Men inM

life. achievement ofcrowning a noble listed fulfilled requirements the as to the time schools held will be when—Willis J. Lyman. in the various districts and other inpages 6 and 7 of the M Men Guide.on

U)jl oaaaaJ. Xt\ \Ljl aaaLaaaiam p$ iiL U\AtyMyt.

tAAAMycU/X. U4A lP VU4UAJIOAwL teen<HHia(! (UAiAc

52 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

>* ofthe Truth"class, thewereteacher,all anandinspiration"TreasurestoGleaner Girls a Gleaner Class on Project night, her. Upon her return home she told

start increased their sister that imleis- her she wished to boon duringGleaner Course of Study great

It will help ure time. to fill those of mediately "Treasures Truth"on a

U*OR the month of November we leisure hours with a rich and fascinatbook but she scarcely knew how to shall study Chapter IV "Book of ing activity. begin or where to go for the desired

Mormon Gems"and Chapter V "The One of the most interesting phases information. The sister then gave her

Rod."(Gleaner Manual, pp. 8389) of the work of gathering "Treasures an envelope which her father had

In Chapter III we studied (choice of Truth"is the revelation of our placed in her hands 25 years before gems of the Book of Mormon. We progenitors as real people with varied for safe keeping. This contained his

shall also consider gems from the Book characteristics. Why not note as we complete family record. As she looked

of Proverbs of the Bible. The Book go what certain characteristics appeared over the contents, she realized that her

of Proverbs is one of the choicest books in our great grand parents or further book was truly going to be a "Treasof all literature. Through our study back if possible and trace them down ure of Truth"for it contained the

we shall find that the gems from the to ourselves? Are we blessed with Longstroth family record in her

Book of Mormon are comparable to an artistic trend, or an abundance of grandmother's and grandfather's handIf faith? the gift of record of or Baptismal so, we writing. Also the sugcheer, of thethe Proverbs Bible. We grandit to fine old a perhaps family. There of his owe every member preparation of classgest that in the

discussions of the Book of Mormon mother from across the sea. were records and documents signed by

Gleaner leaders study with the text, The subject for our November Orson Hyde, Heber C. Kimball, Wil-

''An Appreciation of the Book of Morproject night is "Testimonies."Inlard Richards, Wm. Clayton, the

mon"in one hand and the Book of structions for this evening's discussion Prophet Joseph and Joseph Fielding.

Mormon in the other. For supplewill be found on p. 50 of the Gleaner The blessings which had been bestowed

mental reading on the class discussion Manual. upon her grandmother and grandfathon "The Rod"see "The Story of The "Treasures of Truth"books er by John Smith in 1845 were also

the Book of Mormon,"by Elder have been started for various reasons. found.

George Reynolds, pp. 3038. The book of Edna Durrant was inThese records revealed the story of

spired by her Gleaner leader before she a sister of her grandfather, Nancy

A White Bird Flying herselfShe wantedwas interestedto completein itthesimplyproject.to Longstroth,the Coronationwho ofhad Queenbeen presentVictoria.at

/LASS discussion for the evening of pleasely interestedher instructorin eachwho girlwas andso keenher meetingThis samewhensisterthe mantlewas presentof the Prophat the

November 29 is on the reading progress. When she began searching et fell on the shoulders of Brigham

course book, A White Bird Flying. for her material, she found that on her Young. As Sister Goates went through

For review of book and lesson outline mother's side both her greatgrand- the papers she also came across a recsee Gleaner Manual, pp. 5355. Refather and greatgrandmother kept ord of this same sister's marriage to

fer to review of this book by Elsie complete diaries and that these conWillard Richards performed and signed

T. Brandley, Improvement Era, July, tained priceless records. She then by the Prophet Joseph. She was the

1932, p. 557. found a record kept by her grandfathwife of an apostle—Franklin D. Richer, containing wonderful, minute tales ards, the mother of Apostle George F.

Treasures of Truth of his trip across the plains as a MorRichards and the grandmother of mon Pioneer. Such a wealth of auApostle Stephen L. Richards.

npHE theme of our last June Conthentic data from such distant sources Neither time nor space will permit

A ference was to enrich leisure and combined with the tintypes and photothe enumerating of all the wonderful to spiritualize recreation, Many have graphs Miss Durrant has gathered will material which Sister Goates found, but said, "Just what is 'spiritualizing recmake veritable Treasures of Truth and needless to say her book is started reation'"? Without going into a the Gleaner teacher who inspired the and to start a "Treasures of Truth"is

lengthy discussion of the subject we work may feel well repaid. to continue it, for her material is manmight say that a splendid and concrete In contrast to Sister Durrant's book ifold and she will continue to seek it

example is gathering "Treasures of is that of Sister Ethel Longstroth out and preserve it. Who knows what

Truth."In what a forceful manner Goates. For a number of years she priceless treasures are lying waiting to

does the faith of our forefathers come had wished to know more of her fathbe brought forth by Gleaner Girls that home to us! How this gathering does er's people. Her mother's history had they may inspire and strengthen faith

build for a structure of lasting faith been completely worked out but someand give knowledge as to the history and integrity in ourselves! Thus while how she had failed to get started on and truthfulness of this Gospel.

the activity is recreational it is also that of her father. She happened into—zis*

spiritual to a high degree.

generally conceded that TOR the dead who have lived and It is the present economic condition has The Gleaners died in ignorance of the require- a very larger and aboutbrought starBy Roxana Farnsworth Hase mentsfor theofdisobedientsalvation, as,whoin anotherlater comesense,to leisure time to many. oftling amount

provides of the plan repentance, God today of women the various /LEAN, problems matter O ye whatNo the administration of for the vicarious invarisheaves golden the each in community, bindpresented And living posthe to essential ordinances grain, hearts of virtue be your a greater than Let numberably we find before of young people who cannot And charity your leaves. terity in behalf of their dead progengo to school and who cannot find emBind with the cord of faithfulness itors. Of this saving labor Malachi

ployment. This growing period of Weave in some high ideals prophesied in solemn plainness; and

leisure is a vital problem confronting Let wisdom be your watchword the glorious fulfilment has been witthe world. Love and peace your daily yields. nessed in this modern age. The great

How many of us have felt the urge Glean, O, ye women of today, Temples reared by the Latterday of making our "Treasures of Truth"Glean, as did Ruth of old, Saints are maintained in large part for book if only we had the time. To Yet not for material subsistence the service of the living in. behalf of

many of our young people this gathBut for golden truths to hold. the dead. James E. Talmage of the

ering and recording will indeed be a Council of the Twelve.

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 53

Lest I Forget."It is impossible to inJunior Girls spireless wetheshowgirls themto theirthe bestway.effortsPreparun-

ation of your own books give you the

Believing and Doing Our Project: responsibility.spirit and the understanding of yout

TN your discussions with the girls "My Story—Lest I Forget"

far, Believing on, Doing,* thus and Course Reading eve- a delightful trust had you TlfE caught that they have haveyou found 4th, Oct. our Project, with * V ning thisthe /"T* spirit have subject reading course book come of and,HE delightful

to know that there is a Supreme Being, the chapters My Story and Lands My we have this year "A White Bird doubt you From. Came No is Parents a loving Father girls. in Heaven in friends who finds Flying,"bur We

start the girls a good and now have children destinies of hisguiding the girls class leader the and hope many here on earth, by giving them a plan will continue their work,on these have already read the book.

step advance, by chapters.whereby girls it possible they may for more make To

greateststep, to attain to the amount this November 1st, through the courtesy to in a shorter time read the bookof joy and satisfaction in life here and of the M Men and Gleaner Girls, the plan is suggested: Several girls who

hereafter? Juniors are invited to be their guests. live near each other meet for an hour

They have come to appreciate more We wish you a pleasant evening. after school several nights a week and

fully the beautiful story of Jesus Christ Dec, 6th, we have Missionaries in read together.

and his great love for us as shown by My Family and My Journeys. This November 29th is the evening listhis willingly giving his life for the promises to be a very interesting evened on your calendar to be spent with

redemption of mankind. ing because there are so many interLaura Deal, Allen Rinemuller, and the

We now come to the first steps in esting things which we can record in rest of the characters in the story, who the Gospel plan, the foundation printhese chapters. The Travelogue style are all very interesting. There has

ciples of the Gospel, namely, Faith, can be used if you so desire. been a dramatization written whichRepentance, Baptism, and the Gift of My Journeys—The memory of our can be procured by writing to the Y.

the Holy Ghost. trips and good times are always vivid L. M. I. A. offices, 33 Bishop's Bldg.,

Your responsibility, Junior leaders, in our minds, and we will be anxious Salt Lake City. If a number of girls

is to help the girls to know this Gosto record these. With the termination haven't read the story and you feel

it, vacation of ourpel plan, to love and season many knowing by to of us that the give complete dramatizahave it experiences and interesting to new their daily it, and a part of make tion kill interest the would of these will record a strong to build which we in our book. lives. Help them girls, is the suggestion that made you

pictures, sketches, safeKodak orfoundation post which upon they may give just the scenes not read do and ly stand. cards of places visited or acquaintances the continuity between.

Have them repeat the fourth Article made, will color and enhance the value

Faith,of defiand show them we how nitely ol rest the break away from of Leaders—Thisthis chapter. is to be the story of Tomorrow

Christianity in our belief in "Baptism the girl herself and the desired achieve- 'PHE home of our hopes, the land by immersion for the remission of sins, ment will be attained when the book of promise on the borders of and the laying on of hands by those reflects her individuality, and her perwhich we may wait for a miracle, or are in Authority for the Gift of sonalitywho shines through the history on into which the we with may enter the Ghost."its pages. Holy marches, prints for our maps the blue

Faith individual are repentance are and desirous that We forth put you projects, of the our surveys for and matters. things these best have to efforts your to do this We a vital make successes. our

for ourselves. the in thing lives the baptism and But girls. of our Your field a fenced against Tomorrow,laying of to is hands be done have responsibility to on inspire the girls the entrance intelligence, a of lower

for else. those us one to some by search Did the out information necessacred to domain superand human these services for performed us sarywho for these chapters it write and in beings. human actheirhave the authority? their Were books. have discovered that We is the real as as tomorrow man Totions legal? the is Project successful only where the today, he the can in do nothing Smith's authority conJoseph the was Stake and Leaders are Ward themit. but he tomorrow can do for muchferred beingsi selves Heavenly him upon by compiling their Story "My is letting loose the from tomorrow A the held had samewho power and

a letting intelligence, the of downauthority the in earth a former on

Gospel dispensation. So authority distrusting the tomorrow darkens the

was given to our Church leaders to set Humility today. It means being driven by

disbelief, disbelief disto doubt to byup to God's administer and kingdom

I Lord, so like little "T\EAR a am child; couragement, discouragement and byin these ordinances. *-S I wanted to all give you Earth's me despair. to in to order enter So the kingdom bloom, of life that take does view not Awe subscribe to these must conditions all Leave out sadness, or give else someone in everlastingness the the of tomorof entrance. the gloom:

is called to shortvisioned too be row girls the discuss I these Have things cried I because to had have share of my thoughtful.freely until get they pain, clear a understanding of them. It is in these first I wanted sunshine everywhere, no rain; The search lights of faith and phisteps of the Gospel plan that the girls And when You said, "Not so,"my heart losophy focus together on the eternity

must build a firm foundation for their was wild. of tomorrow, an eternity in which is

seen persistence the individuof thefuture faith strength in and the Gos-

I But dear now, Lord, know way Thy alitypel. the progressiveness of the and the this of opportumost Make

is best; personality.nity to impress them, not with only tired all fighting; is of I'm rest. I ask

light Revelathe of reason In thisthe beauties and of plan, Gospel but I see cannot light way. this to Bring my

also with the importance of these first dark land, tion beware of the saying, "Eat, drink, principles. And like a little child's, take now my and be merry for tomorrow we die."

You will be greatly helped in your It is an expression symptomatic ofstudy of this subject by the "Articles hand.—Bula Fisher, Junior Girl. spiritual headdizziness and heart

of Faith,"by Dr. James E. Talmage. weakness.

..

54 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

would provide interest. The girls

may wish to do something in handBee-Hive Girls * craft or work on their scrap books.

** Appreciation night affords opportunity for the girls to express themselves for the blessings they are enjoying in life. The object of this evening is really to have a testimony meeting. We think, however, that calling

it "appreciation night"will be more appealing to the girls. (See Cell No.

67.) The BeeHive Committee was delighted with the excellent programs that were carried forward last summer; which created new milestones of

achievement in BeeHive work. Swarm

days were an inspiration, almost every stake having carefully planned and presented a superior program.

The General Committee desires to express genuine appreciation for the

interest at with the keen our shown the fine 1929—BeeHive Girls* Temple Excursion—Pocatello Stake conventionswork accomplished. If this, together and have start we

is indicative seamade, of the coming Builders—night.Calendar

son's the greatexpect work, we may Gatherers—

far. est year thus in BeeHive *On open night it is suggested that st:November

Nymphs—Guide IV. Hive and City theaidinggirlsThanksgivingcooperate withneeds.Relief ASocietynice A BannerBeeKeepers,Year let'sin BeeHive.make this our aim Government.

Builders—Guide IV. Scrap Books

Gatherers—GuideName and Symbol.IV. Own Planning—(Symbol).

NovemberNymphs—Guide8th: V. Sanitation in

Builders—GuideHive and City.V. Name and Symbol—Cont'd.Gatherers—Guide V. Know Work.

Nymphs—GuideNovember 15th:VI. Cleanliness and

Builders—GuideOrder in HiveVI.andHaveCity.Faith.Gatherers—Guide VI. Food and Rest for the Baby. 1931—BeeHive Girls'Temple Excursion

NovemberNymphs—*Open22nd:for boxbasketof homewouldmadebe candya lovelyplacedBeeHivein each Stake Reports

theBuilders—Own hear interest to and is always of TT

AGatherers—Planning. contribution.girls themselves,A partywith plannedgarner, bysongs activities accomread and of the

Nymphs—November* ""Appreciation29th: andmentslightwithrefreshments,the view makingof cell assignfilling, plishmentssame programof asothersourselves.engagedBeeHivein the

Swarms everywhere are doing delightful things, and other BeeHive girls want to know about them. The Era

is the medium through which experiences and ideas may be exchanged, and the BeeHive girls in Canada meet the BeeHive girls of Mexico, or San

Juan, of Germany. Many reports have

come in, and the Era is happy to pass them on. Because of the length ol

some, it has become necessary to summarize them, and give only the important points. In this way, we can

make way for more and more reports of BeeHive doings.

Pocatello Stake reports the third annual Temple excursion of the BeeHive girls. Pictures tell the story. In

addition, they have had a delightful 1932—BeeHive Girls'Temple Excursion Justiceouting inPark.a lovelyMealsspot cookedin the pinesin theat

The improvement Era for November, 1932 55

open, a campfire, dramatization and stories made a perfect program, andthe fact that seven wards, totaling 113 Vanguards girls and BeeKeepers took part, insured success and happiness. Log of the Vanguard Trail man making the play should be assisted by next teammate.

Btackfoot Stake has held a Swarm TSSUE number 2 of the Log of the 4. Server must jump into defense

day and two BeeHive Institutes which A Vanguard Trail, contains complete position immediately after ball leaves they consider most successful. At the instructions, outlines, and information his hand.

Swarm Day program songs, stunts, regarding the entire Vanguard program 5. Speed service should be practiced

oneact play, dramatizations of Beefor the year. It is indispensable to only part of the playing period when

Hive activities, music and essays on the Vanguard leaders and assistants and indicated by the coach except on the

Word of Wisdom were given, followed should also be in the hands of officers first service each time up the swift by contests in handcraft and scrapand members of Vanguard district and service to be used.

books. Excellent work was done, and troop committees. 6. Before each play every man

"set facing the glance at should up"those thrilled attended were with who It outlines the the of fundamentals his the position to ready be play andthe results affair. the of Second The Priesthood, VanguardScout Aaronic

ball to him. of in Blackfoot reStake sends aWard Priestthe plan, Aaronic organization

7. definite each time of amount A lastport season's of which has work correlation to plan aims which hood

is to pracgiven passing to evening be itin interesting ideas. some In addiyears 1516 every bring young man

is tice. also to practice be Defensivetion their to regular night Tuesday also into conage of program and our carried out.meetings, they afterSaturday met on relationship chart tains a the showing

8. lost time be should between No fill cells. tonoons funds were When the to the of program Vanguard games.needed, they sold cookies, and made the Priesthood Church and Aaronic 9. attention given Full should bepies candy, and evening one and proto for 20. 12 young program men

is talking to that the so he coach when threeduced plays, oneact the money carrying every for Suggestions on instructions each player understandsfrom which to used was purchase caps all year, acconducting the of meeting fully.and bandlos, help to and for pay rallies, tivities, contests, hikes, counto 10. should player endeavor Eachlinen for the table Sacrament Ward and fires, etc., cil also included. are tension, eliminate nervous both anddrapes for the chapel. summer The are in cooperating Executives Scout in relaxation playmuscular. Studyplan included has hike, treasure a hunt,

it the distribution the of "log"or may ing.handkerchief shower, party, swimming the obtained General be Board from. 1 1 ball alertness to Special recovera First Aid play a chorus. and

I. of A., the Church Y. 406 M. M. in case blocking attempt opponents

From South Seviet Stake, (Monroe Office Building. should be developed by every player.

North Ward) comes a message of In connection with the "Log"No. 12. Each play should be backed

greeting from the BeeHive girls. There 2, the General Board recommends that up, back line players to back each other

are four Swarms, and they have done Log number 1 be secured by all Vanup including receipt of service ball.

some stimulating summer work. guard leaders who are new to the pro13. When taking time out, relax,

Among the girls there is a string trio gram. With these two books in hand smile, don't let opponents see any tenlast year it won the Stake instrumental a complete outline of the entire Vansion, don't show nervousness.

ball at all times, don'tcontest, and during the summer the guard program will be available. A 14. Face the

the so anticipate play is to and try for by special price "Log"of made 25cgirls trio the spent making have up off ball. the eyes lasts. take 1 your the as as supply long The doing No. time learning It numbers.much new

1 set de- 5. to are players be is on All 50c. price Vanguard 2 of No. "Log"like the sortsounds best of leisureplay, hands and fense every body for themsupply not leaders only shouldtime occupation.

action. for officers ready all posed and that urge selves should but

and committeemen connected with the 16. Every player should have in

Vanguard program are also provided mind the best "kill player"on the for. front line and start each play toward

him.

Vanguard Contests larity.VanballWhereis rapidlyit has beengainingplayed,in popuvan-

'I *HE Era for December will contain guards are enthusiastic over it. It has

the ideal to be game for been said a of valuable number age. of Vanguard suggestions young men contest for events for Vanguards.

Watch this department for them.

Suggestions Regarding VanSuggestions for Vanball guard Contests

Players T7ANGUARD contests covering the entire in year another one or form following suggestions taken in /pHE are the schedule. proposed of the One part from one of the outstanding in course contests of four be should

National Ball Volley teams, should be

I. entire the preparation during A. M. carefully studied leaders by Vanguard are suggestions following season. The as a and coaches increasing of means leaders in that order to Vanguard made

interest this in splendid sport.

results sepossible the greatest be my 1. Service should not be made until cured and all misunderstandings elimithe server's teammates are in position. nated.

2. receipt service ball of On when Girls'String BeeHive Trio is directed the between men, two one Vanball Bernell Cello Tietjen, the right ball. the play should on

Barbara Tietjen, Violin 3. On receipt of service and other The suggested schedule for Vanball

Leslie Sorensen, Piano balls falling near the boundary line, the competition is to have ward elimina56 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

tions in November, Stake finals in DeEligibility cember, division finals in January and the Church Grand Finals in February. For all Vanguard contests registraThis means that ward teams should tion as a VanguardScout is required.

be selected through intergroup contests See page 44, Log of the Vanguard during the months of October and NoTrail.

vember in order that the Stake chamFor Archery and Vanball finals each pionships may be conducted in Decontestant must have reached his 15 th cember. Ward competitions will be birthday and not have reached his 18th

conducted by the Ward Vanguard birthday by January 1st.last precedleader with such assistance as is deing the tournament.

sired from his assistants and members The Retold Story contest is open to of the Vanguard group. Stake chamall who have reached their 15 th birthpionships will be under the supervision day between June 1, 1932 and June

of the Stake Vanguard Commissioner 1, 1933 and who have not reached and assistants with the aid of the Ward their 1 7th birthday before the opening

Vanguard leaders. The scout execof the Mutual season in 1932.

utive of each council or a committee Vanguard leaders should read the under his direction will conduct the instructions.regarding retold story on

division championships. In each case pages 2223 and all of chapter 12 in

the scout council territory is a Church the 19321933 supplement to the M.

division for competitions in Vanball. 1. A. handbook.

The Grand Finals will be conducted by the Vanguard committee of the All eligibility requirements for

General Board. Vanball and Archery contests will be

With this schedule in mind it is found on page 44 of the Log of the urged that Vanball practices be carVanguard Trail.

ried on as a part of the regular activity program early in the season. Suggestions

Archery Oldest man and youngest boy at Coaches should have in mind the iin telling contests, limit story West Jordan Stake Fathers'and Sons'time case last year, the As was the ArchOuting. excontestant rules out any which at Finals ery will be held the Grand

time of June Conference in Salt Lake conducting of Ward, Stake and interceeding eleven minutes. The official

City. Division finals are to be held stake or division track meets. The volleyball rule book, published by the

Publishing Sports Company in the in detail is outlined Log American plan district or Stake finals in Aprilin May;

/will Sporting Goods stores, and sold at training Trail. the Vanguard The contestsand in March. Ward This of

will bring the Archery competitions of Vanguards for this competition be helpful in developing the technique difthe rules Vanball. of Although physlessons on begin with the early into the in folshould program March

principles of the fer greatly, many the for scheduled ical development, finals in thelowing Vanball February.

The new issue of the Log of the entire month of December. This will apply to both games.

Vanguard Trail carries complete inforlay a good foundation for proper Plans for all contests should be made mation, instructions, suggestions, etc., training. now. All who expect to compete

for carrying forward a successful Wherever possible a competent coach should fully understand all the rules

Archery program. See contest anor physical director should be called in and regulations in every contest to

nouncement on inside of this month's for one or two evenings to instruct the avoid misunderstandings later.

back cover. Vanguards how to train for an athletic Preparations for contests should not

meet. overshadow the regular program but

Retold Story These athletic contests as outlined should be made a part of it. Give

The grand finals for Retold Story in the "log"are to be conducted by the some time on each program weekly for will be held during June Conference Vanguards themselves as one of the the consideration of preparations for as heretofore. Ward, Stake and Dimerit badge requirements. contest work.

vision finals are conducted under the direction of the Community Activity committees in the (various groups beginning early in the spring. This work

should be taken up in Vanguard classes or groups at the earliest possible moment. Vanguards should be assigned

to retell either the stories contained in the Log of the Vanguard Trail or stories from the outside. Local contests between Vanguard groups should

be encouraged as no activity in the entire Vanguard program will have more lasting results than that of the Retold

Story.

Vanguard leaders should read the 19321933 supplement to the M. I. A.

handbook for details of the Retold

Story contest.

Track Meet The entire month of April is designated in the Vanguard program for the Fathers"and Sons'Outing—West Jordan Stake

.

The Improvement Era for November, 1 932 57

Boy Scouts Your Bed Quilts Laundered for Winter Use

Where's tile woman who does not dread to wash hed quilts at home? And the particular! housewife realizes that

it is impossible to launder rhem thoroughly by hand, or by makeshift methods.

washing malaundry—whereSo she sends them to the

capacity chines of sufficient gently swish them back and forth through soft warm suds and plenty of rinse water.

Where they are wrung out by spinning in a copper basket instead of being twisted by hand or between rubber rolls, and where they are quickly and throrouglily dried in an inside steamheated dryer.

cleaner, All of which means satissanitary Fathers and Sons'Outing—Sacramento—Gridley District more more and

factory appearing bed quilts.

THE District M. I. A. President, the outing from the time of the first yours?May our collector call for

Perry Tingey, was in charge of the promotion to the successful culminaouting. The outing was held at Mt. tion. Every Scoutmaster, BranchZion's camp at Pine Grove, California. Presidency, and M. I. A. Presidency THE ROYAL

services attended. were The Sunday entire at the stayed group campThe LAUNDRY Steinunder the direction of Herman indicost days.for three per The

vidual was one dollar and forty cents; agle, First Assistant in Jthe District 25 South State Street

this included all expenses. Arden Sunday School Superintendency. Phone Wasatch 2024

Hall cooked for the entire group. I have attended many Fathers and

The program high lights were as folSons'outings and this was one of the lows: very best.

Saturday I want to commend you on the high type A. Nature hike—led by State full of Naturalist. of Erainspiration.—Victoryou are publishing.L. LindIt is

blad.

B. Contests.

C. Camp fire ceremony.

Sunday INDEX TO A. Sunday School.

B. Treasure hunt. ADVERTISERS

C. Camp fire program. Company Page

Monday Beck's Hot Springs.63

Cover A. Competition in: Beneficial Life;Insurance BackCo

pitching. shoe 1. Horse

Bennett Glass B Paint Co.- -...59

2. burning. String

3. Water boiling. Brigham Young University 63

4. Rope throwing. Continental Oil Co..58

5. Story telling (Pantomime.) Deseret News Press... 62

6. Fuzz stick whittling. Excelsis Products Co.....62

7. Various games. First Securities CorporationInside Front Cover

Fifty fathers and sons attended from Ghirardelli D., Co...63

the three Sacramento Branches, namely, Grant, Heber J. &> Co......,59

Homestead, Sutter and Sacramento.

Independent Coal Co 57 Prizes were awarded the winners in Knight Fuel Co...6

the various contests.

The program was very carefully L. D. S. Business College... 60

minute and every out worked was Quish School of Beauty;..:..: Culture60

filled interest. activities of live with

Great credit is due President Tinge?; Royal Laundry... 7

for his untiring efforts in organizing

58 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

1$ The Gift Horse Continuedpagefrom your income and your income tax, "Speak more tactfully of it,""By Monday, I shall have heard but I want you to prove to me first remonstrated Jane, "It's a heredfrom the Source of Supply. We

that you are capable of handling itary curse."can renew our discussion then."

Jane, asyour affairs alone. You are per- "—although,"conceded Mau- "It's closed,"smiled

fectly right when you say that rice, not heeding her admonition, she saw him to the door, but when your income, if I were to manage "it is cold in the winter and warm his bright presence was gone, she it, would be large enough to mainin the summer—wondered if she could hold to her

tain two people comfortably. But "It was a bequest from my Aunt resolution.

you haven't considered how miserEunice,"interposed Jane.

able rub management of it might you when my "—and it the Oi'N Monday, Jane reyou."make Maurice, on went way,"wrong

"It would make me ecstatic,""it scratches you like a cat."turned from her professional atprotested Maurice. "She received it as a wedding tendance at the late matinee to find

"You haven't considered,"purpresent from Great Uncle JereMaurice perched upon the front sued Jane, "that the first step we'd miah Tidmarsh,"put in Jane. steps of her apartment, contemplating the hazy beauty of thebe obliged to sit in it,"be to take would when you "—and sunset. that exquisitelyabandon to spring furnished have Maurice, "you concluded

apartment of yours and set up our wear skidchains to keep from slid- "My godfather,"he remarked lightly, greetings after had been exinmenage this off."furniing here—with reas I anticipated, "has, changed, signifiture of mine,"she added pushed back the teakettle Jane

cantly. and stood up, laughing. sponded to my request."

"Yet despite these trifling draw- "What has he sent you?"inindifferently. quired rather Jane shall "I Maurice, resumed backs,"arose sent me,"has quoth Maurice Mau- "He it of pride the as accept my gladly his itfrom armchair regarded and for drarice slight pause a with of consolation the my and youthwith solemnity. a It mock was effect horse."matic yourgive will "—a me you old affairhuge upholstered in hard, age—if what!""A it."self with alongblack, shiny slippery very and repeated horse,"Maurice "A pat a maternal gave him Janelooking haircloth, and on mounted all, it that calmly. "After appears

cheek. the ona massive base. mahogany reone. for I asked Having him believe you that verily "I funereal masterpiece,""This he I gift, friend's his of him minded you'd declared, she "but would,"proclaimed unblushingly, "is my the chap's old asked to emulate him just furniture beautiful miss yourfavorite easychair!"kindness."

tell I you,"as the same. do Now, said a bit Jane suppose,""I that she back coaxed. "Take a that considers "that he warmly, that you and automobile show me

injoke."live sensibly your within can Maurice. is!"replied "But "It In six for months. the next come

its character subtle enjoy I can

I'll reviewing the on go meantime, acliving found I have more when the Announcer."for Daily movies the steed."for commodations

"Movies!"Maurice, the "You don't mean he's here!"

that his tone aesthete, conveyed by in arrived a time short ago "He as obquite itself the term was a palatial answered van,"moving popular the as to noxious him is there Maurice, "and down now signified. it entertainment of form to orders door, awaiting before my evening and "Movies—afternoon is a buff colored... disembark He six more!"months—for irrelevantly. horse,"he added

Jane Glancing northward, saw as I cheerfully. must "And conveyance oddlooking motor get an I'm now, for a matinee Penetrates ready"I adore them,"admitted Jane doors at the curb a standing few

afraid you must be gone."away. to every metal "Won't you come and see the "Then what in the world are

you doing here?"working part* hiscar?"hat.asked"I'veMaurice,put it inpickingthe garageup

000 Protects your rightcan seebehindit fromourhere,"building.he wentYouto Woman"Waitingof Action."for the advice of a

indicated a garage a few doors motor andthe window of Jane's kitchenette left had BUT Jane to the north. him unceremoniously and was hur-

"I can't come to see it today,"rying toward the van. Her fiance

she said without enthusiasm. "And followed her. As they approached,CONOCO I'll be busy all day tomorrow and the driver of the vehicle looked upwrite- Sunday, with and shows on Maurice with an expression ofGERM PROCESSED ups, to see mustn't come so you me sour disapproval.

PARAFFIN BASE again until Monday.""It seems to be a question of

Maurice had looked depressed, finding a stable for him,"remarkbut brightened again. ed Maurice looking helpless. OTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 59

"Naturally,"replied Jane, "you Energetic Eight in all its crimson, cannot keep him in your apartgasolineless glory.

ment.""Well,"exclaimed Maurice in a SelfPolishing

"It would be so cumbersome!"relieved tone. "That's settled."

childagreed Maurice. but the toward Jane, He turned "In my—the new idea inhood,"he added, "there of Action was was walking still Womana livery stable in every neighborhurriedly down the street. In a- floor wax

hood."bout fifteen minutes she returned, Just wipe it on—leave it alone

"But this,"Jane reminded him carrying a large sack. She found and it shines with a beautiful lustre

unfeelingly, "Is your second childMaurice in the garage, busily covhood."ering the hard cement floor with

The driver beamed upon her. old newspapers, rugs and blankets "Lady, you spoke sense!"Havwhile Buff looked on, with a mildBENNETT'S

ing found someone whom he conly interested eye.

sidered his intellectual equal, he "The car has graciously consentSELF-POLISHING expounded the situation in a few ed to take in a roommate,"exwords. "Y'see, Lady, I can't wait plained Maurice. "I suppose a vemuch longer, because I got three hicle without a means of locomomore horses to deliver this aftertion and a means of locomotion Floor Wax

noon. My orders was to bring without a vehicle might be expectConvenient and Inexpensive

this here horse to this partic'lar aded to have a certain mutual symFor Sale By a conpathy."dress, and if he"—with SCHRAMMJOHNSON toward Maurice,temptuous nod "You might hitch Buff to the STORES tell take car,"else to suggested Jane. me where"—can't Ogden, Provoit, right I'll just to unload horse tossed have his mane and in Salt Lake, The

here."gave a little whinny. or

"May I see the horse?"asked, "He says 'Neighneigh!'"inYour Neighborhood Druggist

Jane, sparring for time to think. terpreted Maurice, spreading his

"Sure thing, Lady."final rug. or

The driver dismounted, opened "Now, after he has had his supBENNETT GLASS & a door in the side of the van and per,"remarked Jane, "he can rest bridged the space to the curb with from the long journey."PAINT CO.

6165 West First Southa sort of gangplank, as if he were "—er—supper—to be sure!"

indeed about to carry out his threat exclaimed Maurice. "They do

to "unload."have to eat, don't they?"

"Whoa, there, boy!"said the "More than automobiles,"anman in the respectful voice he used swered Jane. "You can telephone

when addressing horses. And with- a feed store to send over some oats,

out further ceremony, he led from but it is so late that you may havethe first of the glorified stalls Mautrouble getting them tonight. When Your

rice's gift from his godfather. The That's why I went to the delireached She so catessen—"into the animal the turned aroundman Home Burns a large cauliflower forefeet his bag, took outthat with he stood

off the green breaking and beganpoised the gangplank. on

of certain There's a amount stalks. "Here, horse Buff!"breathed beauty!""Oh, The you

should fire that comfort to know eagerly at proffered snatched the andJane, up the plank running putting her hand on the horse's delicacy. "See? He's hungry."destroy your home tonight that

neck. "He is a buff colored horse, "Who but a Woman of Acyou are covered by Fire InsurMaurice, just as you said, and tion,"Maurice marveled, "would ance.

that's to be his name... I hereby think of saying it with cauliflowchristen you Buff,"she said to the ers?"He took out his pocket Such insurance will indemnify

horse, who nuzzled her shoulder knife. "Permit me to assist in you for the loss incurred and

affectionately. carving the vegetable."allow you to rebuild your home

"Right you are!"agreed Mau- "And what,"asked Jane, when without financial hardship.

rice cheerfully. "We'll take our Buff had finished his third cauliIt's worth a good deal to have

wedding trip on him."flower, "do you intend to do with this protection in these times.

him tomorrow?"See our agent in your town.

I HE driver turned his "Ride him in the park."

stared. didn't "I Jane direcin Maurice's pityinglyhead know UTAH HOME FIRE proficient in horsemanwere Buff seized moyou upon thetion, and

ment of distraction to solve his ship."INSURANCE CO.

own housing problem. Shaking "Never been aboard one,"adhimself gently free from Jane's camitted Maurice. "Don't know HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

ress, he jerked the bridle from the his carbureter from his rear axle. General Agents

man's hand and cantered debonBut it's simple enough, I daresay.

airly down the gangplank, up the I can borrow a saddle from old 20 South Main Streetrunway beside the building and inJoe Martin—Salt Lake City, Utah

to the open door of the garage "Maurice! You'll kill yourwhere stood Maurice's impotent self. Buff's a darling, but he's a

60 The Improvement Era for November, 1932

spirited horse just the same. I can Maurice made an involuntary

tell 1 by the way he twitches his grimace.

ear. "I can get you a job of some

"Never look a gift horse in the kind on our paper,"concluded to rising, are willing "if you Training for ear!"admonished Maurice. Jane,take it. always had evYou've

erything really you wanted. Now thought- L<OOKING to you're going you and want me

ful little a seated grave, and Jane beto to get have work me—not herself the of board running upon

it, cause because but I'm worth Business the Energetic Eight.

it. it over, you're worth Think

said, "I wish, she Maurice,"do dear!"Maurice

aside this—put garage. left the and Positions "that for a few minutes you would She turned quietly on her heel "Horseplay,"suggested Maupassed Maurice his hand over his

rice. feeling the prospericheek curious that with RETURNING to seriously."me "—and listen it a slap. given sharp someone had ty will bring his dusted many Maurice and hands his shoulder with Buff rubbed

opportunities for young sat down beside her. consoling nose. a

people with specialized "Since we talked together the training in business. Begin other day,"began Jane, "I've

next morning, quite of a quantity doing Th.HE your training now and BE been at the unwonted Maurice awoke thinking."then conpaused, She

PREPARED. Save time tinued slowly. "I'd like to marry hour of eight, with the disconcertand money by concentratyou now, Maurice. In fact, I can't ing illusion that Jane, in a buff

ing on business subjects think of anything that would be dress, was poised on the back of a which prepare for early pleasanter. With my flat, I've no horse who was standing before

disagreeuttering and him doubt very manage we could future and employment able truths. remembered to able keep even be might We candidNo—he for Write advancement. that the horse was was furniture! nonskid your But—well. now—it

free literature describing the buff uttered Jane and had who eagleaned her Maurice toward courses, opportunities and erly but she motioned him back. truths

his closed eyes again Maurice employment service.

in thought. lay awhile "—but I'm not going to do it. and He

I told you the other day that you would go to Jane that very day learn to your must manage own let her deeply and how her know furincome. even going I'm Now touched him. words had They

ther. must go to work!"You sell tell her would Buff—he exclaimed Janey!""But MauEight. the Energetic He—andwould rice, aghast, art!""my she of kind would any do work L.D.S. "You have never worked at wanted him to, regardless of his

your art,"answered Jane, "because habits and his sensibilities. Then,

anything. at it, dabbled You've through the long, still watches of BUSINESS you've never learned to work at as compensation, he would paint in you've dabbled just the way the night

poetry and music and life! You're But Jane would be in one of

always looking for something new her melting moods. COLLEGE to make a fine art of, but you've "No, dear Maurice,"Jane would

Salt Lake City never learned that you can only get exclaim repentantly. "I can't let

satisfaction out of any art in diyou do it. It is too much to ask!

rect proportion to the labor you We will sell the Eight, but keep put into it. Everybody adores Buff and your apartment and the you for your cheerfulness. Why furniture—

shouldn't you be cheerful? Life Maurice would shake his head BE INDEPENDENT No Other Vocation So Profitable! isn't a battle for you—it's a nursin solemn renunciation.

ery game!"ENROLL NOW dedarling,"he would "My

at the Course For a Complete The bewildered Maurice merely clare, the "you have shown me stared at her. path and I must walk in it to the

Qulsh School of Beauty Goltora "The only way you can learn end. We will do as I have said.

The Best in the West to appreciate your leisure,"went But you must promise me one

Bldg. 304-9 Thompson Ezra that on Jane, "is by experiencing never, never, will you thing—that SALT CITY, UTAH LAKE blessed relaxation that comes after to mention 'movies'me again!"

Information For Further a distasteof hard day and maybe confess, "Dearest,"Jane would Call Catalog and ful you'll never work. And% neck, his about know throwing her arms 7560 01 Wasatch real aesthetics the art beauty of and Fill loathed in This "I them!"have always

Coupon until you've had the experience of turning to them as a relief from the peal of the sordid commonplace. and the LOUD A

It's rang the curtain value, the contrast down as we say door bell in the movies."on this touching reverie. Maurice's

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 61

Japanese servant pattered to the Buff put on another burst of door and returned with something speed.

which he set down outside MauSuddenly, around a bend in therice's room with a thud. It must shrubbery, there appeared a girl IT WILL PAY

be, speculated Maurice, the saddle walking along the footpath, that from Joe Martin. The thought bordered the road. She was a dark

was exciting. He decided to get up. haired girl and wore a small scarYOU Ten o'clock found Buff standlet hat. About her shoulders was

ing before the apartment house thrown a black and white checkeddoor, properly bridled, bitted and cape with a bright red lining. She To Burn

saddled, by virtue of the fact that looked like a scarlet tanager outthe Japanese had once worked for lined against the masses of delicate, green, foliage. springa horse. yellowish gentleman owned a who

girl in the Knight There was no other trepidation, Maurice someWithput his foot into the stirrup and world like that—no one but Jane!jauntily swung his right leg over Spring

the horse's back. /jlS the flying horse 'Giddap,'I believe, is the and rider came into view, Jane Canyon

word that starts the action."stopped abruptly, then suddenly

equipped with a jumped But Buff was to the side of the road and Coal selfstarter. a experienced frantically Maurice began motioning tosensation such as he might have ward the right. Maurice made a

felt had Jane's big haircloth rocker vain attempt to rein in, but Buff suddenly begun to heave and bilheld his pace in the middle of the low under him. Horses were asroad. As they approached Jane,

suredly much taller and wider ani- a breath of wind lifted her loosened mals than they appeared from the cape and carried it directly into ground! He pulled tightly on the the face of the excited horse. Buff

reins. Buff turned and looked him reared violently and in another inover, then tossed his head and stant Maurice was stretched full

a lively into canter.broke the left side length on of the road Long Burning Clean

in large the path of a roadthat's the accelerator,""If specdirectly ulated Maurice between jolts, ster that came purring around the and Hot "how do you apply the brakes?"bend. There was a grinding of

He clasped his knees as firmly brakes, then a splintering sound.as possible about the sides of this And for just a second, Jane DenOr

that of Action, Womanapparently beast. elephantine At ham,buried her face in her handsthe corner decided he to turn down turned shuddering. away street, sidethe the block go around and Royal

and return home. He pulled at When she looked up again, the

roadster its stood with front rein.the right Buff, however,

wheels resting it Coal against a tree that incontinued a straight line at an augmented speed. had demolished. Maurice still lay

'The steering gear is out of motionless where he had been order,"groaned Maurice. "Well, thrown. Both Jane and the occuif I can't stop him or turn him pant of the roadster started toward

around, I'll just have to keep gohim, but a form intervened. The

ing until gives the power out. I'm repentantcircle, cameBuff,canteringhaving describedback withaglad is straight the park ahead."

daintily lifted feet. He paused Utah's Purest Coal

above Maurice's prostrate form and stood looking These Coals at him, head lowMaintain, a horse's.DUFF, with ered and Clean, tail drooped, the picvery Cheery Homes Warmunerring judgment, recognized had ture of at compassionate dejection. Cost. Lowesthimself masterless first at Maurice's

inexpert touch reins. the of It was ASK FRIEND YOUR GOOD toup to take the him charge of observers two TiHE COAL THE DEALERsituation to and just Maurice show exchanged an involuntary glance

awhat steed mettlesome do. could of wonder. to both Then sprangIn addition, he exerhad had Fuel Knight no Co* side. Maurice's over Jane bent Ascise for days. two the entered He him, his he opened eyes smiled and

erect,park, tail head flying. DisRoyal at her. Coal Co.

daining the bridle path, to he kept "Oh, Maurice, dear, I mythe road, was General main Offices luckily which 8th Floor was afraid he killed had cried you,"clear of automobiles. Bldg. Newhouse in Jane an voice. unsteady

"Compared to this,"gasped Maurice sat up, felt his skull Salt Lake City, Utah

Maurice, "Paul Revere his took carefully and stretched his arms LEONARD E. ADAMS,ride in a sedan chair Gilpin's and legs. and General Sales

famous nag was a sheep."'The framework's intact, at Agent

62 The Improvement Era for November, 1 932

any rate,"he reassured her, a bit erstwhile debonair young man weakly. He arose, dusted himwho now sat dejectedly on the

self and turned to the owner of the running board of the Energetic roadster. "I'm afraid your car has Eight and gazed with moody eyes

been the sufferer in this accident."at the floor.

The stranger flashed a pair of Jane went up to Buff who was dark eyes upon him and shrugged. contentedly munching oats.TREASURES "A broken windshield,"he said "Just to think,"she exclaimed,

in the careful English of the educaressing the animal's satiny neck, cated foreigner, "and a lamp or "of your godfather sending you a two. What are such things, sir, trick horse! Why, Maurice, you OF to your life? And the privilege of don't know what a prize you

seeing that horse of yours?"have!"

"Oh, yes, Maurice, Buff was "He'll be somebody else's prize superb!"broke in Jane. She beby tomorrow,"replied Maurice TRUTH gan to laugh—the shaky laughter soberly. "He's going to be sold."

of great relief. "If you could only

Covers that will last have seen him standing over you.

turning, no a lifetime! It Mauricewas like winced.a moving picture."ticed that JANE,his usually smiling lips

"I can enjoy it now that I know were set in a straight line; his

the fall didn't hurt you,"finished brows drawn levelly over grave

Jane. brown eyes.

affect fall didn't adme,""The to asked seriousthink "You me ride left Maurice, Gleaners! mitted the "but ly,"in a voice he began quite unKeep your record in a beaume inwardly stirred."He put his like his customary leisurely drawl,

stirrups. of foot into the one last for the I've half hour, "and

the they perform autopsy,"tifully embossed super- "When been just that. doing I've come

finished cover built for he added with dignity, "you may to the conclusion that you were absolutely right told you in what permanency. First class vermiformtell them thatappendixthey underwill findmy leftmy I'll sell the me yesterday. horse

material only goes into clavicle."He turned to Jane. "If and the furniture and fire the Jap

to continue walk, you your want send these covers. and this beauty—"slapTwo styles the beast taking I'll be back to the his ped Energetic Eight to "—backhe from. choose garage."

I'll dealer. to the get Then mystranger The looked surprised, self a mansized job job—a nodded. Jane $1.25 but hauling coal or stoking a blast furto attempt Maurice an made nace—and when I've regained my his leg the over horse with throwTHE the easy nonchalance he had shown

the he but first mounted, when stiffened into his knees Prairie Shrubbery had eseret News ride wooden hinges. He brought his By Helen Kimball Oraill foot down.T> 'Press**

29 Richards Street "Maurice! You're not going to A LL clothed in somber loveliness,

Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah try to ride home!"In hues of grey arid brown,

"Now that the horse is facing September's obeisance l in that direction,"replied MauNow steals up hills and down.

rice, "there is no reason I should But where the coulee deepens not. The difficulty seemed to be Rare etchings, gold and red,

in turning him around."Are full of sweet remembrance

And coming hours of dread.

For soon the glowing bushes 1J.E made another vain Will feel an iron hand,

Your Opportunity aroundattempt andto mount.with an expressionBuff lookedof WhenIs scatteringall their o'erlovelythedowerland.

EXCEL-CIS SCHOOL OF infinite gentleness, dropped slowly Untamed, yet uncomplaining,

BEAUTY CULTURE to his knees. Maurice climbed inWith courage firm and sure

221223 South West Temple to the saddle and Buff, arising, They face the days of blighting, Salt Lake City, Utah

The most efficient teachers ambled away. Barelimbed they still endure.

Latest equipment, and every for of students. ence the advancement conveniAgain Jane and the stranger exWhen dream by dream life's changes

Tuition glances on of wonder. changed 25% Reduction

left bare, branches Have my after the paid on work Commissions extraordinaire!""C'est I taste the bitter must marvelWhen fourth month

Centers in 45 States ed the stranger, lapsing into his With skies no longer fair,

Fill in Coupon, for further information own tongue in admiration. I'll keep my spirit valiant,

An hour later Jane burst into I'll keep my vision clear,

Name the garage radiant with smiles. I'll gladly face my winter.

"Your Jap told me I'd find you There's nothing I shall fear.

out here,"she called out to the

The Improvement Era for November, 1932 63 selfrespect,me—not before!"I'll ask you to marry *v?ttviv>tc<%tt<'x?wv%<v

Jane regarded this brand newMaurice anxiously. YOUTH TURNS

"Whatever has happened tomake you feel like that?"TO GOLLEGE

Maurice nodded toward Buff. Golden days of autumn lead

"When that horse got down on young men and women to take his knees to let me get on his advantage of the Golden opporback,"he replied with emphasis, tunity for a college education at "he turned around and actually the CHURCH UNIVERSITY looked at me pityingly! Now, I where they niay find

don't mind in the least your acting like a mother to me, Jane, but I Education at its Best to will Maurice arose not—"his Training may be had in all funnot just indignation, "I will feet in

be looked at pityingly by a horse!"damental branches. Accredited

by the highest rating agencies.

"So Buff knew how to convince Address inquiries to:

you better than I did,"mused Jane. "He is a gift horse, Maurice, BRIGHAM YOUNG

isn't he?"UNIVERSITY

She came over to her fiance and threw an arm about his neck. Provo, Utah

"You're perfectly adorable,"she 'VV>C<<*C*<X"KX'x>VXi<.

declared, "and you're not a child any more. You're a man and I'm

proud of you. But now that

you've told me your piece of news,

I have something thrilling to tellyou. You know that man who SWIM

nearly ran over you? Well, he's at

no other than M. de Neuville, the BEQKS He's director. film Frenchfamous SPRINGS HOT talent—for here, lookingover

"Well?"asked Maurice as she Winter Rates 25c and 15c

paused. "He says,"went on Jane, "that at all times he never saw such acting in all his By State test the cleanest and Purest water in the West life! He couldn't contain his enthusiasm. Of course, I told him a For DancingParties call W. 6456beautiful press agent story about

how you and the horse were inof- This Chocolate is—andseparablehe companionsended by makingand allan that

fer for you to sign a contract at virtually your own terms!"Balanced tor Health and Flavor!

Ghirardellfs Ground Chocolate is richer... but not as rich as "bar"chocMAURICE regarded than cocoa

her with a hurt expression. olate. That's why teachers and mothers of

"Jane,"he said in a pained but the West prefer it for children and for their resolute voice, "if, after what I own tables. It's balanced tor nutrition values

still to necessary said, it ishave... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing that youyour happiness find my

job for me, I will let you do it. but chocolate can supply.

I am willing to go to work on FREE Write for the "SweetRecipe PacketSixteen"No. 2,your paper, if you like—as

D. GhirardelliCo., orjanitor

St., North Point 914

I insist Francisco, Calif.the printer's San or the devil—butelevator starterthat it be a man's job. No matter how much this French bimbo

admires my acting, I will not—

will into the movies!"not—go "You lamb!"cried Jane tenderGHIRARDEHI'S

ly. Then she gave a merry littlerippling laugh. "It isn't you that CHOCOLATEM. de Neuville wants the contract m Say "Gearar-delly"

for, my poor child, it's the horse!"328

.

64 The Improvement Era for November, 1932 -ea &&* l &vv HERE'S ONE FROM FAR OFF WEST VIRGINIA FROM THE NATIONAL SCOUT OFFICE

Sandyville, West Va.. "Several of the men at our National Office were very much

Sept. 14. 1932. impressed with the poem entitled 'The Tenderfoot Scout's

Dear Editors: Prayer,'appearing in the September issue of The Improvement Etkt."They ask permission to reprint the poem in part,

LIKE "Greatness in Men"and the style of the author which the Era is only too happy to grant.

I also. Regular doctrinal subjects much appreciated. Timely

and hygienic topics and "Glancing Through"are fine. 1

do not care so much for fiction, the gripping stories I like.

The editorials are usually splendid. I would he pleased to see a question department added to the Era—-a place where WE'RE GIVING YOU ALL OF THIS LETTER

scriptural queries could be answered briefly and correctly by an able writer. Poetry I love. Idaho Falls, Idaho,

Yours in best wishes, September 17, 1932.

J. M. Riggs. / he Improvement Era,

Salt Lake City, Utah, Dear Editors:

in challenge "Let's Talk It Over"this month is missive. this for DO YOU READ REGULARLY "GLANCING YOURresponsible

THROUGH"? I follow your poetry page with eager interest, and I have

tell find space us that could time and you wished to wish the of people world often what some know who npHOSE appears poets the whose of on something work it—whereto * interesting vital are subjects saying afford on and cannot

literary indication other of perhaps they write some and from select this try intriguing to department. to miss the most We

it that I granted for rather taken have are doing. they work articles these pages. for most of your contributors are from our own intermountain

country. That is one of the things I should like to know.

For instance, other writers would be interested to know

THE OCTORER COVER PLEASES thatrecentGraceacceptanceWatson,froma friendTheofImprovementmine who is veryEra, proudis a highof a "Editor Era: school student, and that in spite of her unbelievably tender

the old days of Carter, Salt Lake time from the ZOOMING age, she has already had another acceptance from a nationally us who for circulated magazine young girls. To those of

Savage C. past - photographer and and on R. down choice is a department on contributors are trying to write, a

Sainsbury land Johnson, I believe 1 (have seen and studied spot in any magazine. I have enjoyed your notes on your

at least 200 templesquare views, but "Gorkee"Lewis, in prose writers.

(cover) frontispiece the got of October your poetry, prose and both quality of work, the In my opinion, in the best of view, and got it of any them upon the decidedly Eta, is Improvement 'most—induringone appearing in The

since construction or crowd, all three build grade. Congratulations to you!

capifol ascompletion—thea background. ings and the Virginia Nielsen.

Jr.. George Crosby,

Evanston, Wyo."tributors.Some dayWewe'llusuallydevotetrya littleto introducespace to our"a fewfamilyeveryof issue.conWatch this page.

i i i MOVIES ARE NOT ALL (BAD THOSE who are interested in better pictures for better peo THAT "SHOOTING"CONTEST pie the of study movie pages should Improvement The countries nine and from and women men are pass Era. pictures well the qualijudgment on Those who submitted 223 the states of different Union eleven JIXTYFIVE fied suit task for the the usually exactly. and goer movie Look 1 closed October which contest to Photographic pictures our

right see over the page and pictures which are recomnow winner, the we shall sa can decide judges the upon soon As the for various the family. mended of members prizes. the are to receive announce who

As a result of having seen the Era page of Motion Pictures,

Alice Field writes from Hollywood of being "very much interested in the 'Lights and Shadows on the Screen,'and in the very splendid unusual and undertaken work you Have

Field is Mrs. connected for magazine."with Alice your Ames M. I. A. SLOGAN

Winter in the Public Relations department of the Association Is your handwriting characteristic? Write the M. I. A.

of Motion Picture Producers. We hope Era readers are inSlogan for 193 2-3 3, in India ink, and mail it in. You may

terested in the department. Write about it. win a priye. See last month's Era for details.

4iK

lXia jfUMjUa The Improvement Era Scholarships and Awards To be Given to Winners in Public Speaking, Poetry, Short Short Stories, and Archery

i The Improvement Era—B. Y. U. Scholarship |

$70.00SEVENTY DOLLARS-$70.00

M MEN AND GLEANER GIRLS In order to stimulate high class work in the Speech Contest for 193233, The Improvement Era is offering to the two winners in the Church finals at the June, 1933 contest a Scholarship to Brigham Young University worth seventy dollars entitling the holder to a full year's tuition. See

the M. I. A. Handbook Supplement for the rules of the contest.

Il<=#3r* l't, '*i*tj,l*:jgg

For College Students For Poets The Improvement Era is offerIn addition to the regular puring prizes of $25.00; $15.00; and

chase price for poetry, The Imregular rates for all other stories provement Era, at the close of the available for use in the magazine, present volume, will pay a prize to college students actually now of $10.00 to the person whose registered in college as freshman,

poem is adjudged the best of the sophomore, junior, senior, or gradvolume, and $5.00 to the person uate students. The stories are to

whose poem receives second place. be from 1200 to 1600 words in

There are no rules except that, of length, must be typewritten on course, no poetry is to be submitted one side of the paper only, and for publication other than original must bear a postmark dated on or poems which have never before before February 15, 1933. The

been in print. At the close of stories are to be read first by memthe volume judges will select the bers of the English department of

winning poems from all which the particular college in which the have appeared. This offer is made student is registered, and only five

in the hope that additional interest of the best stories so submitted in the creation of poetry may be are to be sent to The Improvement stimulated. Era from any one college or university.

For Vanguards To the Registered Vanguard making the best allequipment (must be made by contestant) 30 points;

around record in archery at the June Conference, best performance in target shoot, 30 points; best

1933, the Improvement Era will present the fine performance in clout shoot, 20 points; best performhorse-hair bridle pictured on this page. In the judgance in flight shoot, 20 points. The bridle will be

ing points will be scored as follows: Best archery awarded immediately following the contest finals.

THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY -PREPARE NOW!

THE FINEST GIFT IN ALL THE WORLD

BE ASSURED JACK SMITH REALIZED THE FACT WHEN THIS WONDERFUL SON ARRIVED. SOON AFTER,

JACK PRESENTED HIS WIFE WITH A BEAUTIFUL CAR—ONE WHICH SHE HAD GREATLY ADMIRED.

"OH DARLING! IT'S THE FINEST GIFT IN ALL THE WORLD,"SHE EXCLAIMED IN ECSTACY. AND THAT

SET JACK TO THINKING.

JUST WHAT IS THE FINEST, THE WISEST, THE MOST ENDURING GIFT A MAN CAN GIVE

HIS WIFE?

SMITH MADE A LIST OF IDEAL GIFTS, STOCKS, BONDS, SAVINGS ACCOUNTS, ETC., THEN CAREFULLY

ELIMINATED ONE AFTER ANOTHER, UNTIL JUST ONE REMAINED—THE MOST PERFECT GIFT OF ALI

A BENEFICIAL LIFE CONTRACT—THE ONE METHOD

WHEREBY A SUFFICIENT CASH ESTATE IS IMMEDIATELY

CREATED TO ADEQUATELY PROTECT THEIR FUTURE. IT

IS AN ASSURANCE OF THOSE COUNTLESS NECESSITIES

OF LIFE THAT MAKE THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MONOTONOUS EXISTENCE AND HAPPY LIVING.

HOW ABOUT YOUR FAMILY?

IF YOU CANT SAVE TO BUY INSURANCE—BUY INSURANCE TO SAVE.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

J. PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT, J. GEO. 2ND CANNON, VICE PRESIDENT E. T. IVINS, RALPHS A. W. 1st Vice President B. A. SECRETARY OHLSON,

F. JOS. SMITH Manage::? General B. F. GRANTC.

DAVID O. MCKAY