JPul Vkw ysuvc SEE PAGE 2

JANUARY, 1940 RETURR POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ''.*j8PS-.v

aP: ns M a* r descripand every variety tools of tillage and Plows in available conditions, are all land soil and tion, for the McCormickDeering line. They are built in several sizes to make possible the most advantageous use

of the power and speed in each of the new Farmalls,

Cjreat strides in design have been made for 1940 by International Harvester engineers! The good values

of other years have been outdone all along the line. Unless you have seen

the new McCormickDeering Tools, with their new cropsaving, timesaving improvements, you have no idea what really good farm equipment can do for you.

Introduction of the jour neiv Farmalls has brought an entirely new line of simplified, improved Farmall machines. Many

are designed for use with the wonderful new "LiftAll"hydraulic lift. Others are built for manual operation and are priced at

new low levels.

Tractor drawbar machines and horsedrawn machines have come in for their full share of improvement. There are outstanding values in store for you in plows, tillage tools, planting equipment, etc.

McCormickDeering dairy equipment is setting a new pace with a brandnew creamand-stainlesssteel cream separator, a new portable milker, and modern coolers in new sizes.

Planters and cultivators to meet every So it goes! New values—new improvements—new opportuneed have always been outstanding equipnities to save by seeing the International Harvester dealer! See

Farmalls. for McCormickDeering ment

is the new his display of 1940 tractors and tools—or phone him and ask just as true today with And this

Farmalls. A great new line of tools has him to come out to your place.

been engineered by Harvester for these new allpurpose tractors. International (INCORPORATED)Harvester Company

180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

McCORMICKDEERING Farm Operating Equipment

xpfo/iwoUul cUmv&hASL By Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Tn some of the Ural provinces of the for its many different uses of laminated * Soviet Republic, snow is packed into plastics such as table tops, corridor wall underground chambers during the winpanels, book shelves, and drawer fronts.

ter months, furnishing the people their 4 only source of water supply during f"N Admiral Byrd's former expedition the dry season. The natives at Point to the Antarctic he found that his

Barrow, Alaska, store ice for water to flashlights wouldn't work at forty debe used during the long Arctic winter. grees below zero Fahrenheit because

4 the reaction in the batteries chemical Nothing less than Genuine too much. was HPhe pressure exerted by the sunlight slowed down On the

on the earth when absorbed by the new expedition he is taking sixteen earth is very small, just less than a panes of nonfrosting window panes IRON FIREMAN Coal Heat trillionth of an atmosphere. Yet the called "Thermopane."These threefact that the tails of comets always foot by onefoot-nineinch panes will TOl IYI6... says Carl W, Horchler

curve away from the sun has been exbe skylights in the prefabricated laboraplained by the pressure of the sunlight tories to be established. The new winHis beautiful home (pictured below),

of layers of heattem- dows are made the very thinnedout matter in comon shows that Carl W. Horchler knows glass in pered with the space tails. between ets'

filled with moisture free air. ( See p. 28 and appreciates the good things of

Cpiders and flies serve science by for review of Byrd's book Alone. life. He determined to have the finest,

*** making possible better instruments. 4 most luxurious automatic heating

average a person with grows up in crosshairs socalled every HThe used The obtainable. He decided on Iron

left. right his bigger optical than rangefinder, arm other telescope, or

instrument of precision are not hairs Measurements by Professor C. R. Van Fireman, firing an air conditioning

but filaments of spiderweb. Spiderweb Dusen further found that the right arm furnace. Three years'enjoyment of

threads are used because they are fine, is more likely to be longer, among chilIron Fireman heating has confirmed stronger than steel wires of the same dren more so than among adults.

size, and elastic enough to hold them- 4 his selection. It gives him abundant

selves tight and hence straight. Fine "TtiMORS are found even in the gnatheat, with plenty of reserve capacity

platinum wire is usually too coarse. sized Drosophila, a fly much selfregulation; automatic starting;

are radiation, to Radiometers, measure geneticists. studied In by certain cleanliness, quietness, convenience;

of vanes extending from made of a pair strains these generation tumors appear each side of a quartz fiber support. after generation in the digestive tract. Iron Fireman dependability.

best radiometers the Some of sixlinked, are appearing only have been They NO COAL HANDLING... and So Economical of flies. wings from made in males, kill half. In of which they

4 another strain the tumors appear in The Coal Flow Iron Fireman (pictured

VI7inners in a modern plastics compeboth sexes but do not kill. above), feeds direct from bin to fire

* tition included such varied items 4 there's no coal handling! All Iron Fireman

as an allplastic shoe heel that won't Tf you can't grow wisdom teeth or a burners use stoker coal—the most ecosplit, peel, mar, or crack; molded plastic full set of teeth it isn't your fault. nomical of all automatic fuels. We will

jewelry; dentures; a garment hanger Failure to grow a full set of teeth is an make a free heating survey of your home

that keeps clothes from slipping off the hereditary trait and is linked to hair and quote you our easy terms.

sides and contains clips for sleeveless color. Members of a family strain

dresses; and a transparent, plastic clariwith the same tooth deficiency tend to

net. The new Annex of the Library have the same color of hair.

of Congress received a major award (Continued on page 3)

TE1EFACT WING BEATS OF INSECTS

COMMON HOUSE FLY ))))))))160 BEATS PER SECOND Residence of Carl W. Horchler, Lexington Road, M near Mansfield, Ohio.

Y)))))))V IRON FIREMAN Automatic Coal Firing

190 Iron Fireman Mfg. Co.. Portland, Oregon; Cleveland; Toronto.

Mail to 3261 West 106th Street, Cleveland, Ohio.

Please make survey and quote me on Iron Fireman.

Please send free "27 Ways to Plan a Basement."

Nme BUMBLE BEE ))))))))))))240 Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc.TO-U Address (Do QJiul JOww-/Hmprouemenriira in physics the Nobel prize won "The Glory of God is Intelligence"Who

for 1939?

JANUARY, 1940 Heber J. Grant, The story the late Melvin J. Ballard 3

Richard L. Evans, Whether sale of the Bible is increas-

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor ing or declining? 5

C. Josephson, Marba

PRIESTHOOD one OFFICIAL QUORUMS, OF THE man conquered the tobacORGAN Editor How Associate DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL habit? 6 co

Morris, General Mgr. Georqe Q. COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC WARD MENT OF

Associate Cannon, Lucy G. AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH TEACHERS, OTHER AND real the today problem Mgr. In way what Orton, Business Mgr. K. SAINTS. J. LATTERDAY OF CHRIST OF JESUS

is with so the unemnot much ployed as with the employed? 10

Why the year 1940 is significant in

The First Presidency's Greeting, 9 BeeHive work? 12, 16, 48

The Gospel of Work Stephen L Richards 10 What qualities made Arthur BrisThe First Day of the Swarm Helen S, Williams 12 bane the foremost editorial writer

BeeHive Girls in Action 13 of his time? 14

BeeHive Jubilee Year—19151940 Ileen Ann Waspe 16 What the facts are concerning Evidences and Reconciliations: XX—Why Did Joseph Smith, "Holein-theRock"? 18

and Thummim? the Urim the Prophet, Need the Help of

'.... A, John Widtsoe 33 Wherepassable"an historictrail hastrekbeenover recentlyan "imProgram Worldwide 48 reenacted? 18 BeeHive—A

Aaronic i 41 Story of His Melvin J. Ballard's

Favorite Hymn 4 Ward Teaching 43 What one old cowboy said about

AntiTobacco-Liquor Campaign: Genealogy 44 Mormon dugways? 18

the Confidence Music: Scholar and Rhodes A the Latterday typical Saint How 45 Conducting, Frank of James Wisdom, W.in AsperChoir Word family apportion its income? may Steps 5 Music Up, Church Nash.24

45 the Y. Cannon Tracy I Conquered TobacHow

co Habit, Robert P. Adams.. 6 Mutual Messages: Among what peoples and for what

Is It O. K.? 38 M MenGleaner 46 purposes baptism has been obAlcohol and Accidents 38 Junior 46 served through the centuries? 26

Word of Wisdom Review 42 BeeHive 46

The Church Moves On 30 Latterday Saint Girls WinWhere new stakes have been recently

Priesthood: Melchizedek 38 ners, Marian Nicholson 47 created?. 30

Achievement Standards Set Field Photos 47, 50 by 250th Quorum of SevHawaii Says Aloha, Roscoe C. Why Joseph Smith needed the help

enty, B. Y. Harbertson 39 Cox and Hilton A. Robertson 51 of the Urim and Thummim? 33

Word of Wisdom Review 42 The importance of a pleasant voice,

SpAcitzL J<&atuMJu and how to develop one? 34

Decision! Jack Sears 14 What new plan with reference to

It Happened in Mexico James P. Sharp 22 stake quarterly conferences and

Personal Progress Through Wise Money Management lowedauxiliaryduringconventions1940? will be fol38 Ira J. Markham 24

The Common Source of Religious Truth—Part II—Baptism.... What has been responsible for imMilton R. Hunter 26 proved musical performance in

Voices and Virtues Susan Fulton 34 the Church? 45

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Voices and Virtues,

lin S. Harris, Jr

Telefacts 1, 3, 4, 5 1 TheSusanCook'sFultonCorner, Barbara 34 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

Bible B. 37 Burnett Goes On Ever More and

to Advertisers 54 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 5 Index More 1940, Inc., by Mutual Funds. a CorUseless Truth How 7 Your Page and Ours 64 Copyrightporation the Young Mutual Men's Improve28 Book Rack On the ment Associationof the Church Christ of Jesus of

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

Year's End Richard L. Evans 32 singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

as Utah, secondclass matter. for Acceptance

at mailing special rate of postage provided Crime Begins—Early! Richard L. Evans 32

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, A Tribute to BeeHive Marba C. Josephson 32 authorized 1918. July 2,

unsolicited but manuscripts, conwelcomesJ'LdtiotL, (pvsdJu, tfAoA&w&tcL (pu%$JbL fortributions.The Improvement Era is not responsible All manuscripts be must accompanied

ScotchHolein-theRock—AWooing True Mormon Story Janet Silver Blake 17 by sufficientNATIONALpostage ADVERTISINGfor delivery and return.

Sullivan C* Richardson 18 REPRESENTATIVES

Short Story Short Ruth H. The Helm Blue Pitcher—A 23 Francis M, City Mayo, Salt Lake

Spirit, Frontispiece: Gone? Only the Dark Has the Where Francisco Edward S. Townsend, San

. 8 Hall 34 Frances Nell Cox

Poetry Page 29 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle.... 62 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

JPul Qov&u CIRCULATIONS This photo by H. Armstrong Roberts carries with it a dramatic symbolism of the

of the meaning New Year—a

are debts and theweighed paid—eventimeasof allbalancewill beandsettledsettlement,and accountedwhen theforscaleson thatare A MAGAZINE FOR EVERYgreater day of judgment to come. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

Exploring the Universe ( Continued from page 1 TEtfFACT

HPhe danger of serious lung trouble NEWSPAPERS PRINTED FASTER caused by nose drops made with mineral oils can be avoided if vegetable oils be substituted, according to Dr.

Frank J. Novak, Jr.

4 WI.M A new type of supplementary auto 1929 27,000 USUAL MAXIMUM NUMBER OF

door lock for the safety of chilNEWSPAPERS RUN PER HOUR dren prevents the doors from being opened while the engine is running. It i ii

the maniautomatically fromoperates 1 IK interfere not and doesfold vacuum with the regular locks.

4 1939 45,000 hina's from itsYellowcolor, causedRiver bygetssoilitserodedname from its north China banks. But for Science ServicePicforial Statistics, Inc. 1023

two miles, at a point 3,000 miles from its Sea, the water mouth on the Yellow of blues. W. R. Franks of Toronto reported to hundred tons, to give atomic particles the clearestis of and deepest

< the Third International Cancer Connew high speeds. The prize in chemis- j

of gress. London Dr. William Cramer A. Professors try between is divided

it possible, lettering set makes 7V new skin against has mice immunized L. Berlin, and of canButenandt, Germany, produce guide, to with a simple cer. for: Switzerland, Zurich, of Ruzicka,

differenteight types of lettering by their sex hormones. The on work setting tracer the thechanging of and for prize in physics 1939 '"Phe Nobel last given for prize year chemistry was arm. has upper guidepen and Each E. Dr. to has O. been awarded hisjj Berlin of for to Professor R. Kuhn letters, case numerals,lower and charCali- of of University the Lawrence vitamins.acters, in and order. complete on carotinoids work and for his structure fornia the research on

in radiation of the use of atoms and 17[ice have been made resistant to problems affecting biology and mediJDectin which makes jelly "jell"is the:

* cancer by giving them a complex cine. He developed the cyclotron, the base in a new type of paste which

substance called a chemoantigen, Dr. latest model of which weighs two (Concluded on page 4);

JkjgAy!

Enjoy yourself! Be free from worries about the mechanical operation

of your car. Let the miles roll by at low cost. Here's the way to do it:

For quick starting in cold weather, use For safe protection to your engine, use For greatest comfort and safety, get in correct Oil the Vico Motor winter Lubrication Specialized It 88 Winter Pep Gasoline. has the

the lubricatunexcelled just job. Vital properly It has partsservice—not grease a fast action that sure and power efficiency lets eninggrade. that for riding steeryour take motor easier lubricated and

to it ables take you it easyl it easy! ing. easyl Take

Wherever you may be in the intermountain territory, drive in at any of the conveniently located Pep 88—Vico stations for complete service. Get

the Utah Oil habit and take it easy 1.

MOTORICOOIL PEP88GASOLINE UTAH OIL SERVICE STATIONS

Everywhere in Utah and Idaho Exploring the Universe MELVIN J. BALLARD'S

{Concluded from page 3) in healing sores and STORY OF HIS is successful bed stubborn ulcers. FAVORITE HYMN 4

of Nibley President Preston aboriginal used in rom boomerangs

Mission States the Northwestern India, Ethiopia, CentralJAN UARY HPhe* Australia, and among the Hopis of Arizona were F we have received the following:

based upon a principle only recently Sister Florence Nielsen, one of our misrediscovered, the principle of the camsionaries from Mt. Pleasant, Utah, has in SALE bered airfoil. In the skilfully thrown her possession a most interesting letter in

boomerang we have all the essentials the handwriting of Brother Ballard regardon New ofthemotionhelicopterairplane.except adjustable controls of Youing hisWantwellknownMe to Go."song, "I'll Go Where

Sister Nielsen states that in 1933, Brother

Iron horseshoes were known by the Ballard visited at her father's home in Mt.

* fifth century A. D.: a pair of small Pleasant while he was attending stake

horseshoes of the last phase of the conference. Sister Nielsen's father was

Brother president. asked the stake She of Lake culture of the Lake Dwellers

for "Treasfor her a contribution constitutes Switzerland, GAS Neuchatel, at sat the Ballardures of Truth,"and he down evidence. letter. interesting and wrote this most APPLIANCES a table HThe world seems to be getting warmPleasant, Utah Mount

U.* er,S. accordingWeather toBureau.J. B. KincerSinceof thethe "Dear Miss Nielsen:May 24, 1933.

there century twentieth the of dawn sing heard have doubt no me "You trend persistent worldwide a been has 'I'll to Go.'Want Where You Go Me BIG arc temperatures. higher to Examples

it I for singing years and 35 been have Washington, Portland, Oregon, and it music. into introduced our Church seventeen, and have had which D. REDUCTIONS C,

Capetown, South Africa, which has "I found this song under the followhad nineteen of its last twenty years ing circumstances: I graduated from

warmer than normal. Incidentally, the the B. Y. College in Logan in 1894 and

highest temperature ever recorded was expected to go East to school, but lack

Here's your opportunity to in Tripolitania in September, 1922, of of funds made it necessary for me to 136.4 degrees Fahrenheit. teach two years; then, as I had saved

save money on new Gas enough to put me through one year of appliances. Tn Africa, there is a vermilion red and college, I planned to get married, and

stripes colored * black snake whose received go. both Just then I would we

to the end the tip of its nose Every appliance in this run from to Pres. from go on a call Woodruff

great sale is absolutely of its tail. In America there is the a mission. So all our plans were

alternating with snake, broad coral for the changed. took money We new—never has been running around black bands coral and it that mission. lege on and spent Wecolused. it.

Sister Ballard got stayed married and

Reductions are so attrac- 'LJibernation in warmblooded anihome, taught school to help me fill that after in the being Shortly * * artificially by mission. caused mals be can if that tive you've been

it this song, mission field I found and insulin, or injection of a combinaof thinking getting a like a message from seemed Heaven chloride. insulin magnesium new tionan and of

range or refrigerator or Dr. P. Suomalainen of Finland can put to me.

waterheater or any other hedgehogs in a hibernating condition "I have found if we do what the Lord us to fill our lives in are wants long as do we will asleep as they stay and they gas appliance this year, it possible the fullest freezway. refrigerator the kept around in a

will pay you to buy now! ing point, but they awaken when re- "Your brother,

moved to a warm room. (Signed) MELVIN J. BALLARD,"

Come in and see the bargains. But don't delay. Quantities are limited. TEIEFACT

Come early to be sure of WHERE THE CONSUMER'S DOLLAR GOES(U.S.A.)

getting what you want.

Convenient Terms

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

Serving 23 Utah Communities FOR SERVICES INVOLVED FOR SERVICES INVOLVED IN DISTRIBUTION

IN PRODUCTION Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 10-<

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

BIBLE GOES ON EVER MORE AND MORE By James Nash Nothing can stop the Bible. It is

useless to call it the world's best Here's of University Utah Hart, it is, seller,Edward that because though is distinct poetathlete, to honor a is implies there term a comparison, and his famChurch, Mater, and Alma else nothing that remotely comeven ily. scholRecently awarded a Rhodes circuin the Bible pares with popular flavor!

toarship England, Oxford, was Ed lation. Society's Bible American The

elected of a Kappa, Phi Beta member tells distribreport of copies 7,000,000 fraternity, scholastichonorary was the last year uted by it [1938]. When captaintrack and field last year, won Society's report British Bible comes

the Mountain States conference mile along later it will probably tell, as usual, Take one can of Pioneer run, in literhimself and distinguished of even more Bibles put out during Minced Sea Clams. Heat one ofary circles. an officer He was also

... 1938.

or in stew pan pint milk of of the Delta Sigma L. D. S.Lambda scriptures outsold The Mein Kampf

Institute university. at of Religion the dish. clams, one in chafing last year. copies Add by 200,000 Germany

is the of Alfred Sarah son A. and Ed... too, unusual took an Japan, numbutter, salt of halftablespoon Idaho.Patterson of Bloomington, Hart last Bibles year, ber of cent ten per

'97 father, State of graduateEd's a Utah thoroughly and pepper. Heat in before. than the more year There

College of bishop years and for fifteen British, Scottish the American, and and serve hot. (Serves threethe Bloomington a PatriWard, is now in Bible joined forming Societies have

arch and first counselor in the Bear the Japan Bible Society. The Japanese persons.) Delicious!

Lake Stake presidency. An older Christian churches last year celebrated

brother, Eugene, also distinguished the fiftieth anniversary of the first comhimself on the track as captain of the plete Bible in their language. China,

Utah State A. C. track team in 1937 too, took Bibles at the rate of 20,000 a

and winner of the National Junior month. The demand was so great that

A.A.U. 5000meter run the year before. damaged, wormeaten, and misbound

Ed and Gene, as they are better copies were all taken.

known, are strict observers of the Word The Society keeps adding to the list of Wisdom and accredit their successful of languages in which the Bible is isathletic careers chiefly to its observance. sued. A dozen new ones last year

As a climax to four years of intellibrought the total to 1,021 tongues in gent living and distinctive attainments, which all or part of the scriptures may

Ed was chosen a member of the Beenow be read.

hive Club, which annually honors seven There is something tremendously im- "U"Seniors; won a New York World's pressive in the Society's recital of its For Pioneer Minced Sea

Fair medal for one of the ten best output of Bibles. If there is any one Clams, the superior Razor

collegiate poems submitted; failed to thing to which we may ascribe civilizaClams are dug from the

lose a mile race in two years of college tion's gradual growth toward human hardpacked, seawashed finally lostcompetition; only and it is to brotherhood in the teaching found Pacific of North the sands mile record Cunningham, world this is book. time ideals This a when

just reach they as Ocean three seconds. of suffered humanity sethave severe aGlennholder—by

to their prime. They come conditions the caused have European back. there significance not be May

Rhodes scholarships to be suspended, of a return of the pendulum in the fact you with all their valuable but in the meantime Ed is continuing that the Bible is now being called for mineral - containing prophis studies as a fellow in the English more and more?—Excerpt from the San erties.

department at the University of Utah. Francisco Chronicle.

Only the clean, white meat of choicest Razor Clams, sealed in natural TEiEFACT a secret process.. U.S. CITIES OVER 100,000 POPULATION nectar by

a sea food delicacy of rarest

flavor. You'll like it! 1890 )28 CITIES j|

i9oo &h$kjki 38 unce 1894

1920 N0JEJR 68 SEA CLAMS 1930

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 1026

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

Mow 9 tfjonqiwuul Jths, TOBACCO

keep that Year New this Canresolution?you can, If you HABIT

article may not interest you, for it is written to those who have failed, tried to those and and who By ROBERT P. ADAMS try fear of the because of do not

failure. We cannot expect others

to respect lis more than we respect ourselves, and each time we atning away from temptation I found fail habit tempt to break a bad and that I rut just the that back into we drop habit. "wasI carriedfree infrommy theshirttobaccopocket

much deeper. for about two months part of a

I started using tobacco while in pack which I had left when I quit, my teens and continued for about changing it from one shirt to antwelve years, learning to use it in other, until the packet and cigarall its forms except snuff. I found ettes were actually worn out. Durit was quite easy to break the habit ing the first day I suffered acute

of smoking by taking up the habit physical discomfort, but aside from of chewing and vice versa, robbing that I can truthfully say that I have

Peter to pay Paul. Before I benever since had the slightest cravcame too deeply entrenched in the ing for them regardless of time,

habit I was able to quit for short place, or company.

periods, especially if I was assoSome may think when they read ciating with people who abstained this that I simply did not try hard from it also. These experiences enough the first time. But that is

led me to believe that I was able not true. I tried with all I had, but

to use it or leave it alone according I was fighting blindly. I was chasto my "will power."ing a half dozen imaginary foes and

So it went until about five years the real one was chasing me. If men

ago. At that time I was engaged could only realize that it is given to

in highway construction and, being them as they desire! When they

outside long hours, I found myself desire to do evil they have already using about a pack and a half of committed evil in their hearts and cigarettes a day. My younger the sin which they accomplish in

brother had just returned from colthe flesh is only the aftermath or lege and it was brought to my atoutgrowth of the evil which they tention that he was forming the have already done in the heart. In

habit also. In order to shield my my first attempt when I saw others

brother from them I offered to quit, partaking of the "lady nicotine"I and the bargain was made. Both hungered for the taste of tobacco,

of us were to abstain from their use. and each instance of desire weakit until will In broken. ened was my

I first plenty of day had The I the cigarette case second a drew

I confidence, within but a week it in the from packet analyzed and like thirsty craving a on had a man

I thoughts. but nothing found my

I desert. the a second week By leaves white shredded tobacco and

I that confessed shamefully wasn't paper, to be were which no more fulfill bargain. to enough man my desired or of piece than a wood

incigarette consumption My it I in earth. put the packet back

I later that creased, a so year was in the packet pocket and back my using regularly each packs two I that carry as might souvenirs them day. of my foolishness until they were

About this time Mormon misworn out.

PRODUCERS sionaries came to our home and my wife and I became vitally interestIn the hereafter if we are to beSALES AGENTS ed in their message. We held cotcome like Him, and our will

tage meetings in our home for sevthrough perfect faith shall become

CHTTLE - HOGS - SHEP memberseral monthsof theandChurch.finally Ibecameimmeanhaveactuality,preparedthenfor thathowgoallittleif wewe

diately quit cigarettes once and for cannot control our desires here for

UNION STOCK YARDS all. Through study I had found righteousness. And, likewise, if

Los Anqeles Stockton some of the principles by which we our desires are righteous for the yield or resist temptation. By apsake of righteousness, how easy to

So.San Francisco plying these principles and not runovercome a habit of wrong doing.

HOW USELESS TRUTH OILPLATING

.... comes from patented

to bsL qudd&xL Conoco Germ Processed oil.

As if magnetized to engine thsui&bi

An anonymous letter from parts, oilplating can't an unknown reader in all drain down during

Grand Rapids, Michigan. longest stops... actually

it matters not lubricates in advance—

I came intoSomehowtimeor when,ago, possession of an edition of faster than any oil flows!

In Eva.The Improvement my And that's where slippy,

I long truth search forceaseless ago formed the habit of examineasy, fast starts come from.

ing carefully whatsoever should Change to Your Mileage come into my consciousness by any means, for I early discovered Merchant today for that truth may be found in everything. Occasionally, it is to be

found in small nuggets, more rarely in a vein of virgin metal.The conviction was borne upon CONOCO GERM PROCESSED OIL

me that here was one of these.

Your group, so well known to yourselves, so little known to E5H many like me who, because of geographical or psychological differences, do not have the opportunity of making direct conENJOV THAT REAL, SUBSTANTIAL tact with you, however much we may have heard of the exterioraspects of your belief, has indeed BREAD FLAVOR-- been the recipient of blessed reveBread should have a hearty, substantial flavor-—and Royallation.

How useless revelation that is Bread does have it. That's because it's made from fine,

acted upon!not accepted and ingredients—natural substantial ingredients—properly truth useless theHow by name. Ask for Royal Bread fails mixed and baked. peothereby!to guided be Manyif one

ples the few expound truth—alas, ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake and Ogden—100% HomeOwned it, acted uponhave but those who

have may claim as their beloved

Master, Him who was the living incarnation of truth upon the earth. He was not inactive;

neither are those who call Him,Brother. The acts of the Master ROYAI,

were simple, but they were allBREAD sufficing: to help the poor, to Fresh Every Day

heal the sick, to teach the young, to bear love to all, to work in at Your Grocer's peace, to be humble, to be kind, to seek ever the Voice within.

How beautiful indeed Thy dwelling place, dear Master, when all of simple your act upon men shall copy of Get your BE INDEPENDENTbehests! Other Vocation so Profitable No // // things in I found your These

ENROLL NOW result of your disdlo 3Lifai.magazine—the

at the Course For a Complete acthought and action. These

counts, then, are of the thought a delightful compilation of poetry, and action of your people. My newspaper columns, and editorials Quish School of Beauty Culture

heart was gladdened and lifted up of The Best in the West because of all of you who serve 336340 S. Main, American Blag.,

the One cause. Elsie Talmage Brandley SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

in No, not one of I am you organization, norname, the but Price $1.50 plus 2% sales tax For Furtheror CatalogInformationCall

truest language speaks from soul Available at Wasatch. 7560 or

to soul. There I know all of you Fill in This

and you know me. He is our DESERET BOOK STORE AND Coupon

Z. C. M. I.common Brother—therefore in

truth, I am too, Your brother.

Only the SPIRIT

By FRANCES HALL

I he past is a picket pin around which the mind,

X Like a tethered sheep, goes bleating

With the rhythm marked by its own hoofs'beating,

Hoping some verdant day to find

The tether broken, the stakepin gone,

Its evercircling feet withdrawn

From the deepening rut that has confined

Its tread—never suspecting, never knowing

That there on the hills where the grass is growing,

Its sharp relentless hoofs would wear

Another space as bleak and bare.

The flesh has continuity:

The wide, redhealing scar From childhood's tumbling agony

Grows pale as any star, But stiff old limbs that graveward creep

The same grim, jagged pattern keep

Of that bright wound, a long halfcentury deep.

Only the spirit rises free in time

Not as the birds rise when they climb

The morning sky with climbing day,

Learning by heart the lake's cloudshadowed glow,

The wood's dark line, the river's curving flow.

To mark at dusk their homereturning way;

Not as dew rises toward the sun

To hang in rainbowed mist across the valley's floor,

And then when midday's warmth is done

Comes shimmering back to earth once more

Upward like smoke on a windless night,

Silver as smoke in a midnight sky,

As silently and as unreturning,

The spirit goes in its endless yearning.

Upward and outward, clear and bright,

Once it has found the way to fly.

Unbound by memory's sharpthonged tether,

Absolved of flesh and mind together,

Freed of meager conceptual guise,

Only the spirit thus may rise.

Photograph by LeGrande Lewis.

Greeting J>/wjwl Jifi&L (pJULbJud&jna JJul

May He soon bring to an end the war now

E send to the Saints in all the earth waging; may that day soon come when men shall

our greetings and blessings. have paid the price of their avarice, greed, and amWe callwupon the peoples of the world to follow bition, and the earth cease to moan and suffer for

the example and the teachings of our Lord and the iniquities of her children.

Savior, Jesus Christ.

May His spirit of peace clothe the earth as with

We invoke upon all in warridden countries the a mantle, that war may not longer find an abiding spirit of love, forbearance, and forgiveness, for the place thereon.

Master speaking on the Mount declared:

May He bring to pass the time when "righteousforgive For if ye men their trespasses, your heavenly Father ness shall cover the earth as the waters cover the will also forgive you:

But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will mighty deep,"when "every knee shall bow and your Father forgive your trespasses. every tongue confess that Jesus is the Christ."

May there come to every man that walks the

We pray the Lord to heal all those who are earth the testimony that was Martha's. Said Jesus

stricken with disease and not appointed unto death.

life: resurrection, the the he that believeth in me, and I amMay He soften the pain of the wounded and bring

live: shall he dead, yet he though were

to them health and strength. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.

We ask Him to bless all those who are bereft BelievestShe saiththouuntothis?him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art

the lonely orphan, the sorrowing widow, the heartthe Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.

wrung mother. For Jesus said in the Garden:

May the hungry be fed; the cold, warmed; and This is life eternal, that they might know thee the only

true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.the naked, clothed.

May anger and hate pass from the hearts of men, and peace and love be enthroned instead.

May all men who scheme and plot for unholy dominion and power be speedily brought low in the dust of contrite humility and dire abasement.

May He frustrate the designs of the wicked and bring to naught their plottings.

+9jM*lJ(D.?ntf<a4f

May the spirit of repentance fill the hearts of all men, for none is free from error. The First Presidency.

The gospel of WORK By STEPHEN L RICHARDS Of the Council of the Twelve

\\7e can scarcely count on our size to wield great influence, but we can send out a message of the dignity of honest, loyal, efficient service we can extol selfreliance, industrious manhood and womanhood, family solidarity, and community cooperation in such manner as has not been preached in the world for many a day.

TLot onhf mn&L jou/l wifik&JiA bsL loyaL, but ihm mu&L bsL ablsL io ajuccsumL

Photo by John P. Mudd for the Midvale Company.

comes and purchasing? Answer: not increase, that our prosperity is

following figures are taken First, by making it possible to reduce stifled, that discouraging unemployTHEfrom a current magazine: prices so that families even without ment persists, that government purIf each of five million (American) wage raising present incomes may buy all sues such costly experimental remearning families under a year $1250 now prices edies, whole system of at lower that and that our they now buy

could get a family $2.00 per day more left is threatened. free enterprise sufficient over money have... andthey year: each would spend

$213,000,000 more on fuel and light and to buy more and other goods; and, Now I am induced to bring these

refrigerators, secondly, the increased volume of matters to your attention because $224,000,000 more on household furniture, commodities purchased will mean I firmly believe there is a very definite $285,000,000 more on motor cars and larger production, and larger prorelationship between them and the other transportation, $208,000,000 more on medical and dental duction means the employment of concepts, practices, and teachings of services, more workers. our Church, and because I want our

recreation, $234,000,000 on more personal $73,000,000 on more care, commonplaceIt is, of course,to assertverythat tritewhat andthe nomicpeople theoryto knowmakesthat approvedpractical ecoand clothes, $416,000,000 on more $613,000,000 more on housing, country most needs is more purchasfeasible many aspects of our teach- $800,000,000 more on food. ing power. Everybody knows that. ings.

These items would total more than But it is not so obvious that increased We have always dignified work three billion dollars in new sales for purchasing power is largely the reand reproved idleness. Our books,

the five million families alone, and if sult of lower prices and that, after our sermons, our leaders, including all families in the United States could all, our real problem is not so much particularly President Grant, have have two dollars a day more than with the unemployed as with the glorified industry. The busy hivethey now have, their purchasing employed. This is so because whenof the honeybee—Deseret—has

power would be increased by twenty ever a man who has a job does his been our emblem. Work with faith

billion dollars a year. work better and more efficiently he is a cardinal point of our theological

The first question naturally arising makes it possible to reduce the price doctrine and our future state—our

from the figures I have quoted is: of the commodity or the service, thus heaven is envisioned in terms of

How can we get two dollars a day adding, as I have heretofore pointed eternal progression through constant more for each family in our country, out, to the consumer's purchasing labor.

and particularly for the five million ability. There are very respectable This fundamental principle of the

families of the lower incomes? I authority and abundant statistical honor of work is sorely needed in

give you in substance the answer of data to prove this conclusion. application in the world today. All

the author: By more and better But do reduced prices always folthe fraudulent schemes, the rackets,

work on the part of the employed of low better work and methods? I am governmental corruption, and wideour country. sorry to say that they do not, and it spread public demoralization have

And how will more and better is chiefly because prices do not detheir inception and support chiefly work of the employed add to all incline that the volume of sales does in the failure to recognize the dignity

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

There are service stations on every

Have we lost the love of labor? hand. It is not uncommon to see four

Can we restore the thrill of located on the four corners of a toil? find again honest Can we the prominent intersection. Sometimes

well of dignity surpassing work done? Can we find the answer to only one out of the four succeeds.

our perplexities and misunderstandSurely location is not the determinings in industrial relationships and ing factor. Almost countless milpersonal eguations? We can if we lions of dollars are now invested in

principles those follow have which automobiles. These machines cost out. Here always shown the way

is a statement from the messages of much to buy and much to maintain.

the October General Conference, that Some last a long time and pay to preaches anew the gospel of work. their owners reasonable returns on

the investment in more ways than one. Others are quickly ruined and

of depression, with some exceptions the depreciation is enormous and of course, particularly in industrial shameful.

centers, the really skilled worker has is the determining facbeen little in evidence among the unNow what employed and even when he has tor in these contrasted results and a been without a job it most commonly world of others comparable to them?

has been attributable to arbitrary Why, of course, with relatively few manipulations of the price structure exceptions, it is the personal equafor services or goods. tion, the skill and the energy of the

both. or proprietor employees or his recent our other hand, On the

the at of work lies This doctrine STEPHEN L RICHARDS history that the undemonstrates skilled laborer has a hard time of it. very foundation of the capitalistic

and the happiness that flow from His service is the first to be dissystem. Many people misunderstand

honest toil. pensed with. He is the least wanted. and misinterpret capitalism. They

What is honest work? I believe And, I regret to say it for fear of think that because the word "capiit is rightly interpreted only in terms hurting feelings, he makes the least tal"is used to designate the system

of service, and the value of true contribution to economic progress. that its chief purpose is to make

service is measured by someone's In saying this I want you to underwealthy men who are usually called gain. Such a concept is not only stand that I do not limit skilled labor capitalists and whose wealth, it is

Christian but it lies at the foundato the professions, the artisans, or feared, is too often accumulated at tion of sound, profitable business. any whitecollar or other group who the expense of poorer classes. I adThere are innumerable demonstramay consider it beneath them to do mit that there are instances, altotions of this fact. The kind of work any honest work. I class any man gether too many, where this comes

that makes a better product for less as a skilled worker who has cultiabout. But this is not the true concost is what our national economy vated the ability to do his assigned cept of capitalism. The capitalistic

demands. There are at least two job exceptionally well. I know exsystem in its inner essence is little,

indispensable factors in this kind of pert grave diggers whose skill comif anything, more than a man's free work and the efficiency it produces mands my admiration and esteem. right to work, to choose his work,

First, integrity, which includes loyand enjoy the rewards of his efalty; and second, ability. No one Tt is my privilege to travel around forts. In my estimation, it is a most

can succeed unless he is dependable. the country a good deal. I see precious thing and it is indispensable

If he works for another, he must many farm lands. I often note that to the liberty and freedom of which

make his employer's interest his on one side of a fence is an area of America boasts. It is the only tried

own. If he works for himself, he stunted crop growth, weeds, barren and tested system of free enterprise

must be faithful and true to his enpatches, and unproductive desolain this world, and every other opposterprise or he will fail. The "watchtion, while on the other side of the ing system is built on an abridgment

thecloek"variety of service, with fence with nothing but a dimension of personal liberty. For one I do not

no interest in the job but to get the line between, with the same potenwant to lose it.

per diem, is as much responsible for tial soil, equal water rights, the same But we will lose it if we do not the bankruptcies as any other factor air, the same sun, the same climate, understand it and recognize its vir-

I know. lies a field—a field beautiful betues. It is not the capitalistic system

Not only must our workers be yond description with the abundant itself that makes some men rich and loyal but they must also be able to productivity which nature yields to some men poor. The men themsucceed. In the highly competitive the skilled husbandman. I see fat selves do that, again with some exmarkets for goods and services, cattle and lean, good homes and ceptions. The system merely offers

locally, nationally, and internationpoor ones. the opportunities. There are, of

ally, the skills and acumen are usu- I go into stores—some are attraccourse, abuses within it, as there

ally the deciding features. Ability tive, merchandise is so arranged, must always be when humanity is

is generally the product of training service so efficient and courteous involved. It does not guarantee that

and education. The most skillful that goods sell, while in others, on all men will be rich, and it is worthy

not only have the best chances the same block, perhaps, there is of note that all systems which do, themselves, but they also contribute evidence of slovenliness, poor buyusually succeed only in making all most to the success of the enterprise ing, lack of the art of proper dispoor. To eradicate the abuses withwith which they are associated. It play, and the proprietor wonders in the system is almost as difficult

is a notable fact that during the years why customers do not come. ( Continued on page 60)

t1 JhL FIRST DAY OF THE SWARM By HELEN S. WILLIAMS

First Counselor in the General

Presidency of the Y. W. M.I. A.

domheard-from sister of yesterday. Persweetness from the flower, those things

haps not! But to my thinking she fits into which will perfect and glorify her womanher time. We would have her a little less hood.

superlative in some ways, perhaps; but, These seven fields which every

all, after is she not really the outgrowth of the that conditions changed have surgirl should explore, include the field rounded her? The girl of yesterday kept of Religion, Home, Arts and Crafts,

close to home and mother because she was Outof-Doors, Business, Public Serneeded to assist in the spinning, the weavvice, and Health. Surely in these

ing, sewing, buttermaking, and scores of seven great fields of life every girl things other that girl of today our Junior

Innovations, about. cheap could find wholesome development nothing knows

labor, and the output of factories have refor her heart, her head, and her

MARTHA H. TINGEY, PRESIDENT OF lieved her of many of these homely tasks. hands.

BEEHIVE THE Y. W. WHEN THE it possible too, wealth, Increased has made Spirit the of seemed Hive The PROGRAM M.WASI. A.INITIATED. of to for without her grow up much girlspirit the truly symbolical the of of

responsibility of home. years a ago new life fullTwentyfive energetic, of hood—busy, the to class introduced was vitality, willing wanting and and and the to In which need was answer ImYoung Women's Mutual constructive work, but needing do vital, into selfassertive, felt for this

Association.provement With of to direction a BeeKeeper the girl years its constant of twentysix

desiresbirth, hopes, the dreams, and direct. the oversee Beeand Thus departbirth the of the ago, new was praying,of workwere women who as answer born an Hive work was to those ment. began women Asing, for the programing young and bring to girlhood to of beauty a need to the see world survey what was realthegirlhood of were Church life activity into the wholesome and girls similar of for age being done forized. a had numThese women girl the of age every reached who girl that the elsewhere, they found

felt real for aber years of need a fourteen. of in existence then were two programs spiritual active,colorful, proyet time, that that the probnot Since Girl of in EngGuides number—the for of the the guidance younggram materiso girlhood of change lems Girls of the Campfire land andest the Imof group age Mutual ally, conditions bebecause but do programs America. These two theprovement life on, as goes complex more Association—then come discussed, studied and and were

girl.fourteenyear-old original has the program BeeHive finally considerdeal after of great a

This particular generation prides ation, it was thought advisable to been enlarged and enriched. The

itself on its intelligent concern for adopt the Campfire movement (Concluded on page 60) in girlhoodyouth. Those interested wherever it was practical for sumREPLICABEE-HIVEOF PROGRAMSWARM, SEPTEMBER,PRESENTED AT1915.FIRST trends. of today'sworry because mer work.

The modern girl with her varied interests, her complex responsibilities, This was only a beginning. As program

and her numerous activities presents the committee for the youngest girls quite a different problem from that in the organization worked and Singing Womanho Call which has ever come to the leaders of prayed, they felt that they wanted youth before, so they think. Yet in to include in their particular program Prayer Mrs. May T. Nystrom

that that been and had was goodthe 1912, the year of General Board all

Address oi Welcome Mis. Ruth May Fox girl other proved workable by moveLadies'ImproveMutualof Young

to but add a also they wanted Association, then ments, as itment was ReportCells filled by Bee Hive Girls Miss Elen Wallace spirituality distinct underand ancalled, serious were giving deep and thought to a program which would standing of all womanhood. This, Singing - Call of Womanhood

meet the complex, serious situation they realized, must originate within

TalkSpirit of the Hive Miss Ann M. Cannonof the girlhood of that day. They their committee. Finally after long

prayer, the program of earnest in zealous bring hours their desireswere to christened and was developed "BeeBuilders PurposeConducted by Mrs.- Emily C. BuildersAdam. in the Hive situainto being to the an answer

tion of that time. In the minutes of Hive."

President Martha H. Tingey Hive Girls"Bee Address "Mythat period these words were writof 1 91 5, the Conference Tn the Juneten:

of Medals Awarding and Address to work BeeHive was introduced

One thought that strongly impresses me the Church in this way President Joseph F. Smith

is that the fourteenyear-old Junior girl of today is a very different problem from the In the BeeHive work we hope we have Singing - A Song of the Bees girl of the same age who lived forty, fifty, found a partial solution of what to do with or even twentyfive years ago. Some will the Junior girl. There is work here to fill Benediction - Miss Charlotte Stewart

say that the restless, selfassertive, indeher hands and her heart as well as her mind.

pendent girl of today is certainly not an There are seven great fields for her to Music Conducted by Miss. Mabel Cooper

improvement on the quiet, ladylike, selexplore, gathering as the busy bee does the

BEEHIVE GIRLS

QtcGdtion.

THE FAITH OF OUR FATHERS OUR GUIDE SHALL BE.

(The Field of Religion)

PH ||:i::; i;ll;:';:#;:il!

WHEN SKIES ARE BLUE AND DAYS ARE FAIR.

,.,, (The Field of Outof-Doors

JkldA. Jul whklfL

$M6u dwsdofL Mo yi&iwjuA. Womanhood.

The remaining fields are: Arts and

Crafts, Business, Health, and Public

Service*

TILL OUR HAPPY TO WORK TASK IS DONE. 13

Field (The of Home) Decision!

AufL AUCCGAA$(lL

By JACK SEARS

was Mr. Brisbane's outstanding characterDecisionistic—clear, VITAL, POSITIVE DECISION

THE AUTHOR'S CONCEPTION OF BRISBANE IN

LIFE LATER AS HE DELIVERED RAPIDFIRE Arthur Brisbane valued Spread before him was the fullEDITORIALS HIS TO DICTAPHONE. time—his time—your page cartoon—a last big shot. My

time! contact with Brisbane had taught me

WAS in New York City, several to make an idea shout convincingly.

IT years ago, near the close of a said. "I won't disturb you tonight; He studied the drawing a second,

bitterly fought campaign. Two you are so very tired. I'll come toand it was evident from the play of

election,days before tenthirty at his this expression face that on man morrow—have an idea worked up,night, Bris- I walked into Arthur decision just of figured out had but—"how

officebane's outer at 238 William it. is fine. use "This would "Let me see it—bring it in, he

Street. choppedup The corner please!"for interested being you Thank

rooms were crowded with desks, The Brisbane fire was ablaze; the enough to come so far, so late at

tables, filingcases, and typewriters. sparkling and discerning eyes were night. A good drawing is a good

For nearly two years I had called wide open. The limp, tired editor deed!"

during the day, secretarthe when alert; risen he had was fired Brisbane, Arthur That was

ies at top speed. working were Now interestkeenly his from spirit tired, the editor; a great of with suddenlychair—was

quiet as as it was a tomb. door The right ed. ideas needed thenHe forever for ideas. the yet lookout on

to Brisbane's private small workMr. battle, his to cartoon help ideas win

to Brisbane day, stuck This had adjoiningshop outer the was room gloried, in ideas around he which late his until early morning from sat, tired. open. lookingwide He interest, write could he human which

staff office at his had sent night—hejob his high, protruding foreheadOver text, so headlines votegetting and

rest, for after needed weeks homespread deep, wavelike furrows. of millions that people gripping

Books and papers were stacked on would see, read, understand, and of strenuous, nervewracking work.

chairs and tables, like a wagon load believe. His forceful words became Our business over, Brisbane courof paving stones dumped upon the great national issues. teously bade me goodnight, softly

street. There were books with paclosing the door. As I hesitated in

per markers sticking out from bethe outside room to glance at a proof tween the leaves, and papers hudsheet—one of Winsor McCay's

dled together containing rapidly drawings, to be illuminated ediscribbled notations. torially by Mr. Brisbane—I could

Mr. Brisbane was without coat, hear his clear, decisive voice as he

vest, or tie, his wilted collar wide talked into his dictaphone. He was

open and rolled back, his shirt creating an editorial to accompany sleeves pushed high upon his arms. the picture while the idea was fresh

He sat near his dictating machine, in his mind.

leaning forward, his arms resting Mr. Brisbane often said, "A

heavily on his legs, and his hands good picture is worth more than a draped limply downward over his million of my words,"and he really knees like those of a tired laboring meant it. When he wrote his ediman. The few long hairs remaining torial to accompany a cartoon, he

on top of his head hung downward. had the ability to point out facts to

As I entered the dimly lighted his readers which the artist had not outer office and beheld him under realized existed in his own creation.

the blazing light, I stopped suddenYet when one tried to get Arthur ly. He raised his tired eyes but not Brisbane, the world's greatest edihis impressive head, nor did he move torial writer, to talk about his

his body as he inquired in a low, BRISBANE AS HE APPEARED ABOUT A QUARachievements, he dismissed the subkind voice, "What have you, Mr. TERWHICHOFOCCURREDA CENTURYIN 1936BEFOREAT AGEHIS72. DEATH,EVEN ject with a crisp, "I have never writAGE, HIS SALARY AS IN EARLY MIDDLE BACK while. ten anything Sears?"worth I am EXCEEDED WRITER EDITORIAL THAT

satisfied I write!"OF never with what STATES. UNITED OF THE PRESIDENT "Pardon me, Mr. Brisbane,"I THEAN

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

all I have never seen Mr. Brisbane

nervous, never off his balance. No

matter how often he might leave one to whom he was talking, when he resumed the conversation or the business in hand, he could begin where he had left off.

On one occasion, typical of others,

Mr. Brisbane's secretary stepped

into his office, and with great formality, such as a butler might employ, addressed him in a clear, lyrical voice. "It is now ten o'clock.

Your schedule for today is complete.

At eleven o'clock you are to see your dentist. At twelvefifteen you lunch

with Mr. Hearst at the Ritz. At two

you have a conference with President Butler of Columbia University, and you promised him you would talk to the students. At four

o'clock you have a conference with the Journal department heads. At

sixtwenty you leave Grand Central

Station for Chicago. A Mr. Talent,

the writer whom you had me trying to locate for two weeks, is waiting to see you—also the widow, whose

husband until recently worked in the composing room,""Thanks, which one was first?"

"Mr. Talent, and he seems rather

impatient."

"Thank Mr. Talent for coming.

Tell him I will see him in ten minutes.

"TIME,"CARAnd show Mrs. J—in at once. She

TOON FOR ARhas real troubles—a splendid lady."THUR BRISBANE

BY JACK SEARS. Arising to go, I put one question

"Jf Wcuid He a Monument to Time"to Mr. Brisbane. "Pardon me if I

ask you what you have prepared to tell those university students?"

all to to heBut appeal every knew angle. ability how His to get hu- "I never about what I amclasses. short In a time very interest ideas into he man the of minds going to will what's know say—Iworry increased thehad others Journal York in his sincerity; New he I to talk best face about those whendaily circulation forty from about their spoke those on students."restedlanguage—of

thousand to a million copies. the other side of the railroad tracks

Brisbane surrounded himself with as well as of those often asked, who conversed one I am "What efficient people of capable who were with across him the table.thing Brisbane about impressed Mr.

delivering in big a did not way. He the great Elbertyou most?"Even Decision Brisbane's Mr. was outtrain people used; he plucked he that. just askedHubbard standing Everycharacteristic clear, -—them to he when capthem be knew

Ithing impressed me, time sharp, each positive and decision. tiny His able, to they when dewere ready him, greatness evidentsaw was new a decision, place of was and liver. did in deal not He raw main this of of man Yes! spite In and No! action—salesman officeaction—of terial. his chose after people He to the allthought great able of interruptions he conwould masses—so they their learned had specialty

hisduring journalistic reign to tinue comto out give crisp, vital snappy, from contact with the others—in attention millions, from decisions.mand no in could work He the great school of experience. Brisbane

did.matter said or he what midst of great confusion. His phone picked people up could they when rang constantly—Mr. Edison, Mr. fly, when they were trained carrier

'"There were many brilliant, sparHenry Ford, his banker; or it might pigeons with a swift, vital message

Hearst, Mr. or artist Nell Brinkkling sides to Brisbane, champion be of when accomplishment—never ley, or Ella a deWheeler Wilcox;of advertising salesmanship. and they were awkward, wingflopping

During an association of many years, cision on a legal problem; or Brissquabs, uneasy and uncertain on

I analyzed this creative genius bane's man Friday had been artheir props, covered with pin rested for speeding. Calls kept him feathers and puny fuzz. These pinfearless pioneer in his field—who

wrote simply about simple things. wheeling his chair incessantly. feathers no doubt would some day

He impressed me as one who knew Proofs to correct and telegrams become quills for artists and writers and considered his material from would pour in, but in the midst of it {Continued on page 58)

BEEHIVE JUBILEE YEAR 1915 1940 By ILEEN ANN WASPE 1940 will be Silver Chairman o/ the BeeHive Committee shrub, the naming of a newly disYear for the BeeHive Girls'organof the 7. W. M. I. A. General Board covered or beloved spot, the dediization. When the bells ring and cation of a camp site or an outdoor

the whistles blow on the morning of fireplace, or a pilgrimage to a new

January 1, 1940, they will welcome historic site are some of the ways in a year, twelve months, fiftytwo in which in June this challenge will weeks, which are to be filled to the be met.

brim with new adventures, new op- "Call me early in the morning;

portunities, and new dreams and call me early, mother, please!"Suchvisions, not only for BeeHive Girls, Ms will be the admonition of many an

but for all who come in contact with eager girl as July days sound the the contagious spirit of Jubilee Year. "Off To Camp"call. Pine trees in

For a quarter of a century, Latterthe mountains, palm trees in the tropics, lake shores and sea beachesday Saint girls and their friends have IT1940 been following the BeeHive trail. throughout the world will play

In exploring the seven Fields along hostess to BeeHive Girls. It is

the way, they have mastered inhoped that a Silver Jubilee Camp triguing crafts; they have learned will be raised in every stake and

the secrets of health; they have yieldevery mission in the Church, and

ed to the lure of the outof-doors; Laughter and fun will be but symthat every girl will spend at least one

and when the twilight shadows have bols of happy and grateful hearts day and one night enjoying the fallen, they have felt the magic when in February at the Fun Fest thrills of outdoor living in that camp.

power of the campfire bind friendBuzz thousands of girls will play Lawns and shady nooks will take ships together. Each of these twentogether in a "Frolic of the Nations."on festive airs in August when Beety-five birthday years has left its Their thoughts will go out to their Hive Girls pause from their own fun

children carry grownups and upon themark in lands, there to other to comrades and trail—pathways off to fairy wings have of gay land on been cleared;new hilltops that the rapidly prayer will be a

vantage points for new horizons changing world of today will be kind costumes, thrilling stories, and have been chiseled out; bothersome to their foreign sisters. cheery songs.

curves have been straightened. And In a chapel setting in March, BeeDouble fun, double membership,

so it is with gratitude for the past Hive Girls, their accomplishments, double everything will be the slogan and with confidence in the future, their program, and their leaders will for September. What a Double

that we say "Joy's ahead"to all who be honored in the Sunday Evening Fun Party it will be when the fall trek the 1940 BeeHive trail. Will services. The poet says: "April season calls twenty thousand girls

you not join us? Only with the inshowers bring forth May flowers."back to Tuesday evening session.

terest of fathers, the encouragement This year, April showers, April Yes, you will really think you are of mothers, and the support of leadsales, April drives, are going to seeing double, hearing double, and ers and friends can this year accombring forth flowering treasuries, even eating double on the Double plish its great purposes: enriching treasuries which will cause the sun Party night.

the lives of girls, helping them to to shine on happy summer camps. Jealous? Well, there are likely to

find joy in service, and keeping them We hope you will all find an opporbe a few who feel that way when in in constant touch with their Father tunity to help. October in an Assembly Program

in Heaven. May is always the outstanding the girls show the M. I. A. what fun

The Year's Program monththen thatin BeeHivethe Dayactivity,of the forSwarmit is it is to be in BeeHive.

A Silver Jubilee is a very imclimaxes BeeHive week. A May Special Jubilee Award

portant occasion. Remember, it Day breakfast will begin the week of /an you visualize the emblem ilcan only come once in a lifetime. festivities this year, and the Day of lustrated on this page stamped

Therefore, every day of it is prethe Swarm will bring to a glorious in shining silver on the beautiful cious; every week must make its close the winter season's program blue of the BeeHive band? That

contributions; each month must and herald in the summer months, is to be the special Jubilee Honor

bring the gayest of festivities. In when the Jubilee Year's program Award! It will be a treasure to

January, at the Announcement Buzz, of celebration and commemoration every girl who earns the right to bugle calls and silver hives will prewill reach its height. wear it. It will truly be a memorable

senting—thethe official1940 SilverproclamationJubilee openBee- endure,That aJubilee"MemorymemoriesMarking"maythemelong yearsymbolin BeeHiveof the joyshistory.of the ItsgreatestpresHive trail. Stake presidents, bishwill challenge girls and leaders, durence on a girl's Band will say: I

ops, mothers, fathers, and friends, ing the first month of the summer have participated rightly in Jubilee are bid to join the Ranks in giving season, to find ways of leaving a year and have shared my joys with a hearty welcome to this momentous permanent tribute to this year of others.

year. years. The planting of a tree or a (Concluded on page 50)

9t& jcl wsul Lit difficult #&i. cl dtaAAJo.

io know fii&t how JthiwfA, AlanxL

SCOTCH WOOING

By JANET SILVER BLAKE SHE HEARD HERSELF SAYING ERE LONG: "IAN McLEAN,

YOU ARE THE MOST OBSTINATE INDIVIDUAL I EVER MET. NOyell gang oot for a walk. Ye're hopBODY COULD PENETRATE THAT ping around like a hen on a hot THICK OF YOURS."SKULL

griddle!"to be a grand thing. What's the After a hearty lunch, Margaret

American dresser, Granny?"put on her brown jacket and smart

Granny chuckled and rose to get little yellow felt hat.

a new skein of wool. When MarHer Granny came to the door engaret started winding, she answered, joying the fair picture of her lassie,

"He saw a picture in a magazine of though her parting words were dry a cabinetthing that's awful handy enough.

for the kitchen. It has cupboards "Mind, Margaret, if ye meet Ian

for dishes and food, and a big table McLean, don't begin on Joseph for working on, and doors underSmith richt away! Dinna forget

neath. One side has a big flour bin Ian's ancestors were Covenantors

and the other has shelves for pots who died over some wee argument and lids and whatnot. Half the on authority. Men are scarce enough

countryside has been in to see him noo; they maun be handled wi'velvet

"she hesitated, making it."gloves. Besides—

the kirk than "It sounds grand,"agreed Mar- "—he may be nearer

garet, "and I'm very fond of Ian, ye think."The girl laughed and

Granny, but he hasn't asked me to waved as she took the path across marry him, and anyway I couldn't the moor.

marry outside the Church.""Just the same,"she thought,

airns and fools/'"Weel, Lassie, that's an obstacle "Granny doesn't realize how pig-

I is. literature that All Ian headed as for overcome, micht be andsaid itB"shouldna see half that Granny,

all can say is it's he sent him and him, asking ye to marryfinished ye him work."

Smith Her knitting needles clicked a needna expect a formal proposal. very interesting—and Joseph

soft accompaniment to the kettle Your father aye said the lassies had reminds him of John Knox in his singing on the hob. to do their ain proposing in the fearlessness in spreading the Word.

his better Bible than Yet—he course,"chair of of Scotland, but hitched a little her North Margaret

I I intolerant as ever I as will—amknows disdain, tolerant "hecloser Engput her feet to the on with was fire and

I is? If think didn't care so he lish!"steel shining fender.the much—"Oh, I don't know, Granny,"she Margaret finished winding the

mused. "It isn't as if I hadn't tried. wool and rose to wander around the JYLeanwhile—a wonderIt's a full year now since I was here kitchen somewhat restlessly. She ful day was all around her! The

on my holidays and we've been writhad arrived from the south that heather was in bloom, the curlew's ing on and off ever since. He's just morning for her annual holiday, and cry was music in her ears, and the

a big dour Scot, and he'll not listen already the quiet of the Northern burn sang by the roadside. It seemto reason."Moons were filling her with the old ed as though her feet brought her to

"Well, maybe his idea o'reason restless sadness. For a few days it the old gray stone farmhouse withand yours are twa different things,"would be like this, and then the out her being aware of it.

said Granny tolerantly. "But ye abiding peace of the heath and the At the Main's there was little of

don't aye write about releegion, do nearly purple hills would enter her traditional Scots reserve in Elspeth heart. The hurrying city life would McLean's greeting.

"Oh, you know Ian!"Margaret be forgotten and this quiet country- "Come awa'in lassie. Ye're a

laughed a little. "He'll just mention side, where her forebears had tilled sicht for sair e'en. My, but ye look

in passing he's put water in the the rocky soil, cut their fuel from the bonny!"

house, and the bathroom is going to peat moss, or tended the sheep, Margaret took off her hat and be a fine thing. He did say his mothwould work its old magic. shook her shining brown hair.

er will be glad to see him married so Granny put aside her knitting and "I feel bonny today, Mrs. Mcshe can move out of the Main's and got up. Lean,"she laughed. "This air is

down to the wee house. Oh, yes "I'm going to give ye some cocoa a tonic; how good it is to be back."

and the American dresser is going and scones and marmalade and then (Continued on page 56)

TWO THOUSAND FEET ABOVE THE COLORADO great river this looks the height almost From below across, to enough step while narrow the sheer smooth, marking into miles Cottonwood fade Canyon back hills like in distance stone.Sixtypioneeryearswagonago thisslid crosslock-January, a wallsand pigmy mole pockmarked

ed into the gaping mouth of a monstrous crack in the two thousand-foot west wall of the Colorado

River at the base of FiftyMile

Mountain in Southern Utah. Shouts HOLEIN-THEROCKof bearded men and bonneted womfilleden the air. snorted Horses

lunged. of screams and By SULLIVAN C RICHARDSON The steel wagon

tires on solid rock or against loose Of the Detroit News boulders cut the stillness of the great chasm, the and lurched wagon out fia&Mnq. ov&A. JthiL ''impa&AaJbLL 'bwiLof sight a around the closebend in

walled crevice far below. Aixi jy&Wiiu jabi mahA. ihiL Aio crack is That known as Holenow

inthe-Rock. That wagon was the jd Milling JthsL Save luul Ilqslwl swml

first manmade contrivance ever to negotiate that perilous descent. And qtojaJjLtL, sw&TL moiiL iinpDAMJbbL!

the man who sat in the driver's seat still lives in Blanding, Utah! In the two or three days followhundred-fifty men, women, and chiling that eventful eightymorning, or rode dren walked the terrifying THE SURVIVORS OF HOLEIN-THEROCK, WHO one more STILL careened, wagons banged, distance. LIVE IN OR NEAR one thousand SAN JUAN COUNTY. head And

Kumen man the first and slid down the fortyfive degree of horses and cattle crowded, pushwagon downJones—thethrough the crack,seated—droveJanuary 2, 1SS0.

(See page 56 for other names.) slope to the swirling river. Twoed, and slid between the narrow

.

Concerning the colored motion pictures and black and white pictures brought back from

Holein-theRock (which may be made available for private showing) the following comments have come:

"These are magnificent pictures."—Wesley

Winans Stout, Editor The Saturday Evening

Post. "Excellent Associate EditorPictures."—J.The NationalR. Hildebrand,Geographic

Magaz ine. "Interesting subject matter and a very beautiful photographic job."—Kenneth MacGowan,

Associate Producer Twentieth Century Fox

Film Corporation.

tures."—W."Amazing storyH. Moore,and remarkableSales Director,motion picThe

Detroit News.

"A good story and wonderful pictures."—

Ralph Peters, Rotogravure Editor, The Detroit

Ne ivs "Have never seen better color in travel pictures. "--George F. Perriot, Director World

Adventure Lecture Series, Detroit.

"Unusually fine pictures and color for 16mm film."—J. L. Middlewood, Director Motion

Picture Publicity, Ford Motor Co.

"Everybody satisfied here. The fact that

the second day's attendance was better than the first is a very encouraging indication from the standpoint of interest."—Ralph Yonker,

Advertising Director, The J. L. Hudson Co.,

Detroit.

walls to be disgorged into the boiling current at the foot of the cliffs.

The marks of wheelhubs still scar the sheer sandstone faces that wall the crack three hundred feet high on both sides. The crevice is still

so narrow you can almost touch both sides with outstretched arms.

And the achievement itself, of that crossing of the Colorado, has gone down in history as one of the most amazing accomplishments of any pioneer movement in America. Those

pioneers were Mormons. They were

answering a "Call"from a prophet of God!

Cometime ago, Arnold Whitaker and the writer, both of Detroit, read the story of that trek written by a man who said many kind things about the "Zealots of Zion"who built a makeshift road through

Holein-theRock, and many unkind things about the Mormon leaders who sent their people over the "inhuman trail."We wanted to see

what that trail was like: not only

at the river itself, but across the desolate sandstone country that stretches from Cottonwood Canyon up to

Shootthe-Chute, through the Slick

Rocks, across Lake Gulch and the deeo sand of Sand Wash, over Clay Hills Pass, and down to Bluff itself on the San Juan. We hadn't

been on a horse in fifteen years, but we were Westerners by birth and we "figured we could take it."

On June 22, last, we were on the way. Zeke Johnson of the Natural Bridges Monument took our

lead. Jim Mike, Ute Indian discovHl erer of Rainbow Natural Bridge,

DUGWAY IN THE SLICK ROCKS brought up the rear. Five pack HOLE m-THEROCK

horses, four saddle two'Where all the wagons got down—but many in pieces!"horses,

three still cameras. movie cameras,

two packbags full of film, tripods, and other picturetaking impedimenta constituted the expeditionary corps. We were pioneers of 1939,

for the Holein-theRock road had been abandoned for wagons since it had first resounded with the creaks of heavy wheels and the plodding of weary oxen six decades ago. For

five or six years pioneers followed the Clay Hill road leading to the lake country and only pack outfits have gone over the trail since then.

The hot dust of '39 rose in choking clouds from our horses'hoofs as we struck out for the first water hole beyond Clay Hills Pass, thirty miles away.

As we rode along through the scrub cedar and pinon pine footing that great red escarpment that runs all the way from White Canyon down into the Colorado Country near Navajo Mountain, Zeke briefly summarized the story of the original trek: Brigham Young was a great colonizer. He had to find room for converts who still streamed across the

plains to the mountains of Zion.

(Zeke had been a missionary for the Church up in New England.

His conversation was nicely mixed with cowboy slang, Western idiom, and good English.)

John Taylor followed Brigham Young as president of the Church and adhered to the policy of colonizing all colonizable places the

Saints could reach.

In late 1878, President Taylor sent a scouting party by a sure but scantily known route down into Arizona, via Lee's Ferry to Moencopie (Indian outpost), and back up the other side of the "V"route to the mouth of Montezuma Creek on the

San Juan. They had a bad time:

deserts, sheer canyons, high rims and plateaus, all the way. Tank

water (water which stands, between infrequent rains, in giant potholes worn deep in solid rock) was all they could find to drink, and that tasted as if it had run through a sheep corral. Indians were bad.

Later parties ran out of provisions and had to grind horse feed in hand mills for bread. "A shorter, easier

route must be found,"said their report.

Bishop Schow, road scout, dropped southeast from Escalante along the desert footing FiftyMile Mountain to the Colorado. He looked

down through a deep crevice in the horse The didn't to want swim. The AT HOLEIN-THEROCK OF thousandfoot TOP THE THE try pulled the west boat he wall—Holeright to back the bank. Second try, he firstswam round the round and solid ing as foot the in surer cut the horses Steps rock gave hand by the far below, water asboat river the far swept them downstream. finally was He inthe-Rock—totwo turned started river feet slide toward crosslocked their the 2,000

loose to keep him from (jot drowning. quivering, back side He to our up through on wagonsbelow! Cottonwood CanyonwiWi exhaustion. try third The was successful horse. with different a

the other side, onto "Wildhorse

Mesa,"and decided the Saints could get their wagons down through the Hole with comparative ease, "float"the river, and "be on their way in no time"—in which conclusions Schow was more optimistic

than history justifies.

The wagons gathered at Escalante and started south. They established

base camp at FiftyMile Spring.

Here conflicting reports said no road could ever be built through Holein- theRock; that wagons could not

possibly climb the walls of Cottonwood Canyon; and that east of that

long Mesa, the country was "absolutely impassable."But the Saints

had accepted a "Call."The wagons

pushed on.

Finally at the big crack, men were lowered in halfbarrels by ropes into the bottom of the Hole. With hand

drills and precious blasting powder they widened the slit enough to let a wagon scrape through. Halfway

down, the crevice widened to a huge gash. - Powder was almost gone.

Slick rock, shelving away at about eighty degrees, stopped progress.

One of the men got an idea. With

the hand drills, they bored small holes across the face of the rock, drove tough oak pegs into the holes, laid brush against the pegs, filled brush—andloose dirt andgot rocka roadway.in behind the

"But their trouble wasn't over when they crossed the river,"Zeke continued, squinting sideways at the sun to see if we were keeping to schedule on the trail. "Cottonwood

Canyon was a nightmare. Shootthe-Chute was worse. And the

Slick Rocks, well—-"he hesitated,

"you'll see it as we go along."

Disappointment and heartbreak followed the arrival on the San Juan.

Every irrigation dam built in the river was washed out almost before it was completed. Starvation forced

the men to divide and some of them went northeast into Colorado to work for wages and provisions, while the rest remained behind to care for the women, children, and dying crops. After three years the "Call"

of the Church was rescinded and people were free to leave if they chose. Most of them did. Only

about fifteen families now live at

Bluff, and still no irrigation dam tames the river, but other colonies in the San Juan region did grow from this venture and have produced one

ALMOST TOUCHING THE WALLS WITH OUTSTRETCHED ARMS of the most colorful chapters in MorThis is the way DOWNit lookedTHROUGHto the pioneersTHE HOLEas they bit their lips, in. slid crosslocked and Wheels shouted "Giddap!"and men were history. "Room enough chains for a wagon—if you greased both sides of the box,"mon colonization tied rear to the with ropes wagons. and ends of the back

pronounced Whitaker. (Continued on page 54) held

T HAPPENED N MEXICO

(L talsL that "iiMl'with.

TEMPLE OF QUETZALCOATL IN TH FOREthsL (Book. jo WiotmmL

GROUND; TEMPLE OF THE SUN IN CENTER

DISTANCE; TEMPLE OF THE MOON AT THE

LEFT. SAN JUAN TEOTIHUACAN.

floors forced. to had have been The to readers of the By JAMES P. SHARP Book Mexico, a to slight slope, room, in each a of Mormon, should be a land

of wonder and inspiration. and many objects that were precommon point, then a hole in the wall

A study of the legends, traditions, cious, those people were supposed through which the water ran. So

and ruins of that great country will to have. Just answer a few of these far no one seems to know where this

offer much food for thought. questions and he would be willing drain emptied. The walls were of

In the year 1 888, there came to the to accept the book. cement of such fine texture that when

town where the writer lived three The third man arose and said the the writer was blindfolded and his proved, speaker previous beyond had wall, preachers, and the placed called upon watch "Sheep Wagon that doubt, the a reasonable Book crystal, or the his finger placed upon Methodists"the from fact that they if it true, of not and was Mormon not detect in traveled he could the cement, a sheep upon wagon. They

obtained permission to speak in the were not, then Joseph Smith was not one from the other.

ward house and the people turned a true prophet of God. Long and Just what does the Book of Morout almost to the last person to hear loud did he bemoan the fact that the mon say about this subject? Read

blindled people been had Mormon 3-7: they to what Helaman say, for had few

ly. present those upon He called strangers visited that part of the little timber upon there but being And to repent the and join church the land, nevertheless peoTerritory of to the face that the preach, except the

he represented and thereby exexceeding place ple went forth became who Home Missionaries.

therefore in the of cement; pert themselves in a position working to be saved.

Two things those men could do. They made no converts, but did they did build houses of cement in the which

sing. dwell. they did One was The of instill into the those mind one of other—preach. a After few songs one of the listeners studied the collection writer desire to or a prove disHThe

men arose and preached a very prove some of the statements made at of jewels in the National Mugood Christian sermon. After anthat meeting. seum, at Mexico City, that came from

other song the second preacher beThere is no need to make much Tomb No. 7 at Monte Alban, Oaxagan to speak, by saying he should comment regarding the horse. Scienca. He visited the tomb, over

like to be a Mormon, and no doubt tists now generally accept the fact three hundred miles southeast from he would be if it were not for one that America is, and was, the home Mexico City, and then made a more thing, which was the Book of Morof that animal. detailed study of those jewels.

mon. That kept him from joining The writer has read of many There were pearls in great numbecause of the crude that way Joseph roads, eggs; has seen but ber, as pigeon as large cement some one—a

it written Smith had the and feet 132 many road said to bracelets, large extend wide and and small; gold

statements in that book that were for a distance of seven miles. This a gold belt buckle almost four inches

not true, which statements he proroad appears to have been made square and two thick; a goldheaded

posed to bring out, statements that with cuts and fills and grading much ornament with an imitation feather could not be proved. as we make roads at this time. of gold; necklaces in great number

statement The first the where was visited turpearls, ancient I have an of gold, was made city, in—one"horse"mentioned, was aniwhich buildings, the which thirtyfour quoise, of cement, with and made concho

mal was unknown upon this conticover an area of three by four miles. small gold bells; a vase of crystal

another—roadsnent until the andadventhighwaysof Cortez;were out.One Therehouse werehas partlyfour roomsbeen whendug ourthat modernit was saidmethodswe todayand withmachineryall of

mentioned. Where were those, or last it was visited by the writer. The could not duplicate. A gold mask

evidence that they had been made? floor is about twelve feet below the about six by four inches, made in

He commented upon the fact that present level of the land; the walls honor of the ruler of the night, was

"cement"was mentioned and went about eleven feet high, as an esti- a work of art. We wished to know

on to explain that cement was like mate. In one of those rooms was a how much those Mexican officials

rock, and almost as lasting, for few well, said to be forty feet deep, which really knew about this group of of those present really knew much contained clear, cool water. Anjewels and precious things, so we

about cement; iron and steel were other room had a sort of builtin asked:

used to make machinery and weapshower bath, or the guide said it was, "How old are these jewels taken ons of war. Surely some of those for it was a niche in the wall that fit, from Tomb No. 7?"

machines or weapons were still to in a way, the outlines of one's body. "Four hundred years."

be found, if the Book of Mormon Above this was a hole in the wall "Do you mean to say those jewels were to be accepted. Pearls, jewels, through which water was supposed (Concluded on page 37)

BLUE with a thin layer of dust which did not become their dignity. The daily

slim, darkish little polishing and dusting were forgotman stoodAin the small shed behind PITCHER ten. The restless pacing back and

his antique shop and carefully lifted forth continued.

a blue pitcher from the excelsior in The shop bell rang discordantly the packing box. through the silent room.

"It is a beauty,"he said aloud, "Good morning, Madam,"Lentz and his voice sounded as if he were said as casually as possible to the trying to convince himself that this keenfaced, glowing woman who

I do for you?"was so. entered. "What can

He gazed at the wide border of "I'm interested in historical china,"bellshaped flowers and leaves the woman replied, as her eyes swept above the quaint landing scene. Beover the tables and shelves. "I'm

low the spout he read the words: completing a set for my daughter's

"General Lafayette at Castle Garwedding present. Oh, the very

den, New York, August, 1824."His thing!"she cried out with delight as

fingers slid expertly over the shining she spotted the blue pitcher.

glazed surface. She hastened across the room.

"I'll risk it,"he thought, as the Lentz followed her uneasily.

knob turned on the shed door. "It just matches my set,"the

The door opened slowly and a woman was saying. "What a find!

lean, grayhaired man entered. And proof condition! I needn't ask

A SHORT if it's genuine. Some friends of"Mornin', Mr. Lentz,"he said in a

shrill voice. SHORT mine recommended your shop to me.

"Good morning, Ned,"Lentz'STORY You can't be too careful nowadays voice was steady. "You'll finish with so many fakes on the market."

cleaning up the walnut desk this Complete on this page Lentz winced. He said nothing.

morning. And Ned,"he continued "I'll take it,"the woman continafter a pause, "what do you think of ued excitedly. "Alice will be so

is it? I formy new pitcher? Rather fine, isn't By RUTH H. HELM pleased. How much

it?"got to ask."

Ned took the blue pitcher and "Seventyfive dollars,"Lentz relooked at it carefully. plied in a dead voice.

"Looks like you've got the real genuine—all but one blue pitcher. "I'll take it. Will you wrap it

thing there,"his voice cracked in When three weeks ago his friend carefully, please! Oh, I'm so deexcited admiration, as he handed Tyson, a dealer in Philadelphia, had lighted."She pulled out her check

firm this confidentially of told him pitcher. theback book.

reexcellent out turning which was into pitcher blue carried the Lentz unable he yes,"was I—oh, china, he "I—historical of productions pleased. well Ned shop. was the He more. to say it realized would quite what not had original, it wasn't that not did dream it carried pitcher and the took fool a He said be he'd had mean. Tyson fair pretty a become he hadand secretary. "Oh, pine old the to over it. Lentz of take to advantage not years. last ten in Ten the judge I tell he her,"it! must I can't do his hesitated, how remembered then it others do years! Well, and the paper took he but thought, there that day one kept hoping wife through deliberately walked He was drawer. the from twine He visit her to money enough be would the placed and shop darkened the hands face and His now. panicky help the give her sister invalid and table old cherry pitcher on an blue out pulled moist. cold and He were pitcher. the ordered needed. she He shining dull pewter and someamong his and mopped handkerchief his thing, easy such an seemed It had the to pieces. he went lustre Then forehead. then the raised the front and of shop

shade over the show window. The He began to pace back and forth Suddenly, he knew what to do.

morning sun shone brightly on the through the crowded shop. In the As he slipped the handkerchief back

swinging sign beside the door. old Dutch and corner cupboards the into his pocket, his elbow struck the

glass, silver, and copper gleamed, pitcher. There was a sharp crash.

shattered in a lay pitcher his pieces blue and loved for Lentz had The D. LENTZ BENJAMIN floor. pieces off to the best on the dozen to learned show them IN DEALER

GENUINE ANTIQUES advantage. The woman cried out in disappointment. Lentz caught his breath

Lentz stood quite still. The sign Ioday the Chippendale a moment, then gave a long sigh of

lied now. All his treasures were and Sheraton chairs were covered relief.

Personal Progress Through Wise Money Management (phhuriphiA. io phadticsLml Jjul

JhtuflL diiqhwcu Jb $wx&AL.

By IRA J. MARKHAM

Weber College the average home, personal INand household finances represent a large scale business when things that can be done to make life considered over a period of years. richer and fuller and happier. There

The monthly income might seem are so many things to do and such relatively small and unimportant, a short time in which to do them. If

but in the aggregate it represents it is important for the average indi- a large sum of money. The average vidual to conserve his energy and

worker earns a total of from $50,000 plan his time and resources to acto $75,000 during a lifetime. Any complish desired objectives, it is

business of this size is important. In doubly important for members of

the case of a family it is of particuthis Church, who have so much more lar importance, as it is directly conto accomplish.

cerned with human relationships The ideals and faith of a family and personal progress. are registered in the goals that are

A business of this size and imporset. The goal for most Latterday

tance needs careful and efficient Saint parents is to have a large fammanagement to produce results. ily, to give opportunity for an eduHow to manage this large sum of cation above the high school level

money to obtain economic security, to each child, and to give them a attain educational and religious obgood start in life. In most cases there

jectives, and at the same time meet is a desire to send the children on all current needs and requirements missions. Arrangements also must

is a problem that confronts every be made to meet all financial requirefamily. ments, including the payment of

According to a recent survey of tithes and offerings. Planning for a mission or a college

four hundred and fifty representaPlanning for the future is a direct education should be scheduled years tive students at one of our colleges, responsibility of every Latterday in advance of the actual happening.

its acconducted by Caroline M. HenSaint family. We are particularly Working and planning for

dricks, it was found that sixtyseven admonished at this time to "get out complishment is training in characper cent of the group listed financial of debt,"and a financial plan can ter and spiritual development.

difficulties distressing as the most adopted to accomplish be this deBudgeting and RecordKeeping difficult handle inand problem to sired guiding principles goal. Some

their respective families. While are here given to help accomplish A vital step in formulating a fisome indicated the difficulty as lack these objectives. nancial policy for the family is

of sufficient funds to do all the things a decision to work out a budget to they wanted to do, many stated there Formulating a Financial accomplish the goals desired. While

was sufficient income but trouble was Policy recordkeeping is highly desirable, caused by the manner of distribuit is not enough, for many people just to "muddle keep records, yet still have nothingtion and lack of wise expenditure of YU cannot afford the family income. through"in attempting to reach left at the end of the month to do

your goal. Too many mistakes are the things they really want to do.

Desired Objectives likely to be made and mistakes are A budget is generally considered costly. A worthy objective requires as a plan, but its meaning is far

1[embers of the Church of Jesus intelligent planning to accomplish more comprehensive. It should beM Christ of Latterday Saints it in the shortest possible time. No a plan for purposeful and profitable

have high ideals. When the spirit intelligent builder ever attempts to living. It is a means of eliminating

of the Gospel enters the lives of construct a house without a plan. waste. It is a method of getting the

people, they are not satisfied to live You also need a financial plan to put most out of one's income, whatever

1an ordinary life. There are so many your "financial house"in order. its size. It is also a guide to financia

ments will require a period of trial and experimentation. Mistakes made

during the previous month will be discussed and analyzed at the regular business meetings and an effort made to correct the mistakes the following month.

Apportioning the Income

Tithing "HPhe soul that gives is the soul that lives."The payment of

tithes and offerings is an insurance for you and your family here and hereafter. It is a direct investment

in eternal values, and as such, it is the very best investment you can make.

Decide to pay your tithing the first Sunday after pay day or as soon as your income is received. Set it

aside until paid in a separate compartment marked "Tithing."This

is the Lord's share and is not to be used for any other purpose.

Your family needs the spiritual and character development that comes from the payment of tithes and offerings. It is a proud moment

The question before the board whenboard theof directors,father, as canchairmanstand beforeof the his family and say, "It is my recommendation that we express our independence. Above all, it insures mal business meeting can be called gratitude to the Lord for all His

keeping one's "financial house"in once each month where financial reblessings to us by paying an honest order when used regularly and conports are presented and financial tithe."

tinually. policies for the future worked out.

When budgeting is really underAll members of the family are to Necessities and Operating stood, it will not be bothersome or participate and feel a direct responExpenses uninteresting. If it is irksome to sibility in decisions made. Try to be

some adults of today, it is because as businesslike in your business The amounts set aside to be spent they were never trained to budget dealings with your family as you for necessities and operating exwhen habit formation was easiest, would be with business associates. penses will vary with the size of the

in childhood. You owe it to your family, location, and standard of

children to train them in a system The Financial Plan living. Excessive amounts spent for

this kind,of of as it is one the best ["ife is a series of choices. Decirent,and costlyautomobiles,foods, expensiveover andclothes,above receive. training oftypes can they

sions must be made daily as to the amounts that can be justified by

The Family Council which is of greater or lesser value; your income and position in life, is

what is of temporary or permanent money wasted in fleeting values.

Tn the making of a family budget, value. In the monthly family council The true character of the family

all members of the family are or "board of directors''meeting, will be revealed when the board of given an opportunity to cooperate the father and mother have an opdirectors makes a decision between and participate. It will require a peportunity to impress the younger temporary satisfaction of physical

riod of planning, observation, and members of the family with the need appetites, the gratification of worldexperimentation before the system for making decisions between waste ly desires, and the greater blessings can be made to run smoothly and and extravagance in the present, or that come from spending for more efficiently. It also requires personal comforts and freedom from worry enduring values.

management and selfcontrol of a in later life. "Keeping up with the Joneses"is

ablehigh order to be being dictatorial. to live up to Avoid Try to it worth the effort and sachard—is

selfdiscipline, todecisions the discussion lead made. This and endeavor It to accomplish? rifices necessary

however, is characterbuilding, and let the children feel that it is their is a sacrifice. You are undermining

is one of the chief benefits received own decision. your economic security and jeopardfrom adopting and living up to a The amounts to apportion to each izing the future of your family for

system of this kind. of the following general classificafleeting selfgratification in the presIt is in a program of this kind that tions of expenditures will depend on ent. Why not be a leader? Why do

the "family council"idea can be the goals and standards established. unwise things just because other

used to greatest advantage. A forWorking out the proper apportionpeople do them? ( Continued on page 52)

THE COMMON SOURCE OF

II. BAPTISM

must look heavenward toOnefind the origin of baptism dn. OJtdmcmxjL o$* Qniiirdwti., O&bihipL,

and also to ascertain the origin of the other principles and and. ibupmLhcddofL

ordinances of the Gospel of Jesus

Christ. For the earliest revelations

salvation the to of plan of away from the true Gospel ormortals, BY ing to father look should one Adam dinance.

first the race. the of our Since man

in certain constants there are R.HUNTER,Ph.D. But MILTON instituted Gospel by was God and the concept of baptism have which Assistant, S. Institute L. D. of its are not requirements man, by

in as themselves maintained pagan Religion, Logan, Utah in just exacting constant as and their composition and operation as indicatewell as inoneChristiancentral creeds.source Thesefrom

are the laws of health or the laws of roots they which were derived. The If nature. takes any alteration in place, art of me, a son one folto constants of these extend the God; 8and almighty it can be only by the made all sons."thus become may my lowing pregnant statements madeAuthor of the laws. The Lord has of the principle taught bapAdam by the Lord to Adam:said: in turn to his children tism and they

into as the born world Inasmuch ye were 7 In their children. the this way blessing All at a have who will my hands to spirit, water, the blood, and and which by

shall the abide appointed law which was practice of this knowledge and the living of dust so made, and I have a became for therethat blessing, the conditions and carried soul, ordinance into holy on so even again born be was must ye of, instituted as the before founfrom were the of of of water, heaven, and kingdom children of the genfrom among men dation world.1 of the Spirit, the blood, cleansed even and be by to eration generation a as "golden

of the that Begotten; blood mine ye Only religious posancient records The cling to they thread"must which all sin, from enjoy might and be sanctified brief are sosessed generation our by their in to life bring this in order eternal about the of world, and words own

that it is impossible to reconstruct in redemption. eternal life in the world to come, even

glory. the water keep detail For ye in the lived by as the Gospel apostasy through However,

jusSpirit a immortalthe the are ye commandment; by early other dispensaandAdamic vital of changes were number made tified, sanctified.8 are blood ye and by the

is, intions. however, enough There to in the time time from ordinance

formation preserved to give concluof baptism. Pagan groups adopted Tt has been the practice in many

sive evidence that baptism is one some of the fundamental ideas conof the ancient as well as modern of the most vital ordinances of the nected therewith but greatly adulreligions to baptize converts for the plan of salvation and that it is posavowed purpose of helping to bring itively a requisite—fixed and unalabout in the worshippers a regenerenter into the ation or rebirth. Three types of bapterable—for those who2kingdom of God. "Strait is the tism have been popular—that of wagate, and narrow is the way, which ter, of Spirit, and of blood. Although

leadeth unto life"3 and "the gate by DR. MILTON R. interpreted and expressed in a vawhich ye should enter is repentance, HUNTER riety of ways by different religions,

and baptism by water; and then yet the doctrine on which they are

comes a remission of your sins by constructed has a kinship to the fire, and by the Holy Ghost."* three points in baptism and atoneBy heavenly messengers, Adam ment emphasized in the foregoing

was taught the doctrine concerning revelation to Adam.

this ordinance, after which he was Whenever the Gospel of Jesus caught up by the Spirit of the Lord Christ has been on the earth, the and immersed in water. Then the concept of death to the old life and

Holy Ghost descending upon him birth into a new spiritual life accaused him to "become quickened companying repentance and baptism in the inner man"; thus through faith, has been held as one of the cardinal

terated ordinance the complete fromrepentance, baptism, and confirmatenets. to

to the original revelation as given rebirth. 5 a spiritualtion, he received Nicodemus—"Except9 The Master's astatementman be born

Following this experience, "he heard Adam and as again revealed to the again, he cannot see the kingdom a voice out of heaven, saying, Thou holy prophets during the various of God"—is familiar to everyone.

art baptized with fire, and with the Gospel dispensations. Therefore, Alma taught the Nephites the same

Holy Ghost. This is the record of one finds in ancient and modern reGospel truth. In his own words:

the Father, and the Son, from henceligions numerous ways in which Ye must repent and be born again: for

forth and forever.... Behold, thou baptism has been interpreted and the Spirit saith, if ye are not born again,

practiced. variances these inherit the of Where ye cannot heaven; kingdom iDoc. 130:2021. Cov. 132:5; and

therefore, rebaptized unto come and be occur, 2Pearl pattern they of Great from the original Price, Moses 6:4967; John 3:1-8;

BooA: 16. of Mormon, 2 Nephi 9:23; 31:4-21; Alma 27:14are manmade and represent a fallVbid 6:59, 60; 1 John 5:5-8.

14:13; 3Matthew 7:14; 3 Nephi 27:33. 27:2432; sBook Mosiah Mormon, of Alma

6Pearl of Great *Book 31:4-21. of Mormon, 2 Nephi Price, Moses 6:5867. 28; 2618; Price, Ether Pearl Moses36,6:4951,5, 18of Great

3:1-8, 5John 5:6-15, 5859. Vbid., 58.

RELIGIOUS TRUTH

:'rf:'-:--:l:! 'i: '''"'- --:::'::

':"'.../:

s

:<::........,;....::.

FONT, SALT BAPTISMAL LAKE TEMPLE pentance, that ye may be washed from your its rites doctrine of initiation. 12 The /. Copyright Photograph Grant, by Heber sins.

rights Trusteein-Trust. reserved. All to this ordinance behind was death

the old life and "regeneration or reit is written, Titus In "According definiteness of this as exconcept spiritual birth"into a new life—a to his us, by the he saved mercy in the following Mithraic life. 13 It of all pressed a purging connoted

washing of regeneration."Apostle past sins of the flesh and a birth into literature translated from a papyrus

Christian docthe expressed Paul preserved in Egypt from the life of immorscroll a life of the spirit—a letter to the his trine rebirth in of first century A, D. as doctrine the Christian Saints in Rome as follows: tality—justof baptism did. The fundamentals The opening prayer of the liturgy

Know ye not that so many of us as were of the concept were inherited from begins baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized the true plan of salvation. "O! First spirit of the spirit that is within

into his death? Therefore we are buried me!... May it please thee to translate

with him by baptism into death: that like "There can be no salvation withme, who am trammelled by the nature which

the raised Christ as from dead up was underlies to me, genesis an immortal by out regeneration"was emphatically also of the the Father, so even glory we that I spirit."born again in be may. At,, asserted in the Hermetic pagan litif life. in of For newness should walk we other points in the are recorded: documents

have been planted together in the likeness erature. Plato remarked that "To "Though I was born a mortal from a mortal

death, his of die is to be initiated."differmother Many we shall 11be also in the likehis resurrection. of ness cred ceremonies... havingI ambeenaboutsanctifiedto gazebywithsareligious ent practices were employ-

... the eyes on immortal aeon the ancient to engened pagans by

I again, Lord! been pass Having born immortalO The Gospel has always required a rebirth der worshippers, in the and exalted the being away, while, hast thou as

of mankind not only to accept the a number of their ceremonies symestablished the law and ordained the sacoutward act of being baptized, but bolized death to the old life and a rament."11

all the sins of cast to actually aside birth. seriousminded Every new Dr. that thinks Willoughby "few a into Christ flesh unto be born and in into the baptized being neophyte if ancient cleartexts a contain any

life life of abthe of new religions early during Mystery spirit—a er""religious of statement exthe ultimate solute righteousness. The centuries Christian through passed life rebirth perience to of immortal attaining goal being reborn of and the that believing solemn ceremony this liturgy. than Mithraic does By of in the inheritance kingdom an thereby "twice he born"became it itself is alone startling testimony following will be reached by God of creature."a concept This "new to the in prominence of idea the genof injunction the the Master solemn rebirth regeneration paraand was tile circles. religious is It... certain

said, therefore wherein ye he "Be in the early as as paganism mount that the devotees of Mithra viewed perfect, Father which even as your sixth century so remained B. C. and initiation as rebirth a to immortalis is in perfect."15 heaven until Christianity the absorbed It ity."in should kept be that mind

Practically every pagan religion heathenistic cults during the fourth rebirth as promised in Mithraism that was a vital rival of early Chrisand fifth centuries A. D. Note the {Continued on page 51

tianity practiced baptism as one of Samuel Retigions and ChrisMystery Angus, The Bibliotheque Nationale. Suppl. Gr. 574. See

8183. tianity, Dieterich, cited Eine Mithrastiturgie. in Willoughby

7:14. Mormon. Alma 10Book of op. cit.. 163164. 95100; Ibid., Willoughby, Harold Pagan Re-

"Romans 6:3-11; Galatians 3:2429; 2:1921. generation, 45. 101, 131132, 159161, 196224. Willoughby, Ibid.

A WOMAN'S PLACE THIS IS THE PLACE Breezily, the author takes the reader (Hortense Odium, Charles Scribner's Sons, (Marguerite Cameron. Caxton Printers, through "Babies Versus Baths,""Language

New York, 1939. 286 pages. $2.75.) Caldwell, Idaho, 1939. 338 pages.) and Otherwise,""Education by Babies,"

Women everywhere will wonder just Marguerite Cameron's This is the Place Versus"The OtherJobs,"Side"Schoolof theandPicture,"Other "BabiesImpediwhat a woman's place really is, but is an exceptionally well written and ments,""How to Be a Model Mother,"and this book will be a revelation of the fact interesting monograph, designed especially many, many other experiences, spelled with that women can make any place their place, for the youth of elementary school age. a capital E. This is a book that no mother

if set their they Mrs. minds to it. period of covers the scope the book Odium, The prospective mother should or miss—to say

of St. George, born Hortense McQuarrie of 105 to 1869, with 1847 an introduction of the fathers! nothing M. C. J.

in Salt City, Utah, married and Lake narrating briefly events the important soon pages thereafter herself family with found her hisTHE MACMILLAN HANDBOOK of preMormon Utah and of Mormon transferred to New York. Their struggles tory before the great migration of 1847. OF ENGLISH

Macmillan The (John M. Kierzek. in both married City, Salt Lake when they the greater far emphasis, however, By 1939. 419 pages.) New York, salary, dollars on fifty and a month the of the important in New on decade '50's. Theis Company,

this well learn they to write on a hundred York, where would moved all who therefore, book, is in no sense a complete FOR dollars offer to encouragement all a month, help. great will For be a truly book history of Utah.

others who wish to succeed. Her asSince the author has used secondary who have to speak (and who of our Church

to the of presidency cendancy Bonwit find this will this to do?) not have does sources almost monograph exclusively—the ladies'Teller, nationally shop, famed was constructive in its especially valuable original contribution to the book an is in no sense

by chance rather than by design. However, field of historical scholarship. Even the helps for dictionary usage, choosing the

having said that she would do what she list of secondary references consulted, is right word, good usage, triteness, concretecould, herself Mrs. wholethrew Odium effectiveness. clearness, ness, and far limited to too permit of completely any

into the of heartedly renovation program is its in grammatical complete This satisfactory book analysis this of important in the tops Teller today and Bonwit stands its full selection of in inclusions very and is period. therefore, study, far The from

fashion world. illustrate the to points made. examples definitive being complete, or for the even We features in emphasized are good Many all to in pleasure great recommending take limited is for the inpurpose which book autobiography. her average shopper The their written or spoken improve would tended. who

the consideration forhas problems no which English, Handbook. Macmillan is value of lies The chiefly the The This Place confront salesperson. the Mrs. Odium

its /. in C. to the appeal folk, younger as not an—M. this sides points conout both of sometimes

analytical descriptive as but a of summary situation. fusing in inserts also her She OF BOOK THE HOME the of fascinating incidents many connected little will hints helpbook which women VERSE MODERN the early with history Its of Utah. attracgirls attain wellpoise beingand through Stevenson. Holt E. (Burton and Henry

tive presentation interesting style will and C. pages.) J. 1927. 1057 York,dressed.—M. Company, New to appeal readers, old, many young but and

its rightful to in place poetry Restoring to the student of history expects a who moreQUEER PERSON is the of reading the recogworld one scholarly this approach, will monograph Illustrated. (Ralph Doubleday, Hubbard, as receive nitions should Stevenson Mr. a little very have appeal. is rebook The 1936. City, andDoran Company, Garden this result truly Part of work. monumental plete illustrative with diagrams, and maps pages. $2.00.)336

I age; of Part deals with poems youth and of some which, however, unfortunately are

Queer person was a little Indian boy inaccurately drawn. Many carefully selectII, with poems of love; Part III with poems

who was deaf and dumb. His ined photographs add much to the value of of nature; Part IV with familiar verse and

satiric; both poems, ability and humorous to hear speak and him an made Part V L. Creer, Associate H. the volume.—Dr. history, patriotism, of deals with poems fear the Indians,object of rest of the among Professor Political of History and Science,

with the single exception of granny, an old University of Utah. and legend; Part VI with poems of senticrone of the tribe. But miraculously his ment and reflection. From this mere listing

hearing was restored and with hearing came WHY BABIES? of major divisions—not even mentioning

the ability to learn to talk. The adventures (Rachel V. Campbell, Illustrated. Macmilthe subdivisions which are included under

which proved his worth make fine reading lan Company, New York, 1939. 163 pages. each main heading—readers can see how

for all redblooded boys. The M. I. A. $2.00.) invaluable this book of poetry should be

takes great pleasure in recommending this 7V nyone reading this book will stop whatin every home.

book to all its Scouts.—M. C. J. ** ever he or she is doing right now and One of the great accomplishments of this

older, theALONE decide that he or she needs to add more compiler is that he has not limited himself to poets; wellknown he poems and babies to the is of which good world—all (Richard Byrd, Illustrated. G. P. Putnam's included of the has in this volume tonic today is many the temptation to when have

Sons, New York, 1938. 296 pages, $2.50.) more cars, more furs, more jewels, more of newer poets whose names have been made

Admiral Byrd was four years deciding anything except babies. in recent years. M. C. /.

whether or not he could write the exBAMBI'S CHILDREN periences included in this book since they (Felix Salten. BobbsMerrill Company,

were so extremely introspective. Finally, New York, 1939. 315 pages. $2.50.)

associates prepraise his be, friends and 'I *o has Perri, read anyone and who Bambivailed to his exinclude unique him on *> this will the author book new same by this unforgettableperiences in volume. One purchase. a necessary those who To salient beliefsof the to C be which most came

fortunate to not have been enough know that desolate matter hehim no was how this Felix Salten's serve work, should book is feel, alone racemight not "The human introduction. as miss an should one Noin the universe."

In addition to this faith, which is exreading Bambi's Children, whether he be emplified throughout the book, there are old or young.

other fine lessons which can be learned. Into the forest background, the author

One is that true enjoyment of our life must has introduced a family, that of Bambi and depend on our point of view and not on Faline and their two children, Gurri and material possessions. His ability to find Geno. Although the fear of man is still

enjoyment through music and reading in uppermost in the minds of the forestfolk, solitude has much to commend it to our in this book, man saves Gurri from the fox readers. and takes her to his home to recover.

to Strangely animals, the the enough, idea Associations Mutual Improvement The fighting undernot two men to be wasare it to all to recommend members of -rtuA9* of happy the Mutual as well as to the M Menstood.

Gleaners, whose reading course book it FROM "WHY BABIES,"BY RACHEL This is a beautiful book which should be is.—M. C. J. VI0LETTE CAMP3ELL (MACMILLAN) in every library. M. C. J.

A PRAYER FOR THE NEW YEAR AN EPHEMERAL THING MY PRAYER

By Solveig Paulson By Daisy Constant Drexel To a Nurse

Alexander Dorothy By thing; this in year, yesterday a living lord, I was new BUTOH tinsel baubles to see strong quick with with and Bedecked and May myself today dedicate planted graces hung, have deepThe I Yoube

tender care. need who my To those string I that lights creation, tenderly. In all shimmered, with I glowed

on string; May strength be given me, I pray,

I would be wise to see the things worth From carolers, I heard my praises sung. To lift the cross that others bear.

star, hair, for while, halo a my A appears, dim, night and eyes grow When birth gifts to me, Jesus'the of lowly generous symbol with ThyAnd Ashining fears; their will in faith calm Him My toil, for all there: standing ready hands radiance me, about heavyHave Shed

I'll their tears; dry smiles away With filled stillness the misfortune buoyantly. bear blessed peace andAnd A

serve, to today. Keep me worthy earth.

I would have healthy, friendly thoughts,

I'll for trust aye; keep My like beside swept, rocksClean I aside; stripped cast and been have the sea, Today, be. willing will clean and hands Mysacred life's find crevices to witAnd I lie the the gloom; shadows among

I calls will duty obey When jollity. full mirth of andPacked in I feel thrust side; of needles the inmy to is as a prayer me. pledge My sealed passing Yuletide the of my The

all that the come daysOh, Lord, may doom.

I feet tired with come when And pliable find and sweetJust and me free, If they I but keep would knew my spirit that are roads rough For must be trod itself yields that to grassLike wind all then I could to come, the year Through don**. well say, work's "Thy Then may He rises, after, gracefully!Then sleep.

with walked have hand in hand You

God."A PRAYER FOR THE NEW YEAR MUSIC

By Fannie C. Miles By Maurine Jacobs LINES TO A SCULPTOR

Linnie Fisher By Robinson came, music me, Lord, The OHelp Issuing your throat from a begin each day: Year before stood To T New today, your handiwork

liquid sunshine, Like * that beauty The you've in solid wrought soul, that service to Wanning my love with crowd and dayTo stone; leaving me And friends. family and my I sensed its grace at and once, symmetry outstretched hands With

its gave So to myself catch smallest tone. in virtues vices. see last, them not and the catchTo To

To add one new grain of knowledge to my Soft, golden ray. And something long lain mute within me

storehouse of wisdom. roused

Some smothered dreams, that I thought dead

To spare a few minutes each day to comand gone, mune with Nature and absorb her wonAwoke, in a new kinship with your soul, ders and beauties. Through miracle of rock turned into song.

To feel life growing more wonderful and full of opportunities for service to mankind. VALUES

To have more faith in mankind and its (To my son's teachers) strivings to reach higher levels. By Pauline Soroka Chadwell

To have a greater love for my country and a stronger desire to support her laws /\h, weigh your values well this year and institutions. - And give him what he needs so much

Make Truth and Tolerance so clear

To see each passing year not as a milestone That he will never lose their touch.

on life's downward journey but as a steppingstone to Life Eternal. Amen. In these days of a world's dark strife,

When few ideals are still left whole,

Put more than words into his life

CLIMBING WAKEFUL WINTER NIGHTS Remember that he has a soul.

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard Oh, give his new wings greater span,

By Edward R. Tuttle his clean fear heart of hate; And and

dark I of wintry hear it yet, Quicken for his sympathy man along immune in the smothered weeping Until to sleep, ON AWINDSwoman'sHours tear then, "Greek"and can "Math"

Relentless in their timing night, wait!

Shall I ignore their rapid sweep, The muffled sobs of one who can't forget,

Or keep Who shudders more from loneliness than

Climbing? fright.

For when the wilderness was under snow A BOOK IS A DOOR

Heights are not scaled by dormant dreamsThat even hid the friendly wagon track,

Fruition weaves its rhyming How heavily a heart would beat, to know By Julia W. Wolfe

By ardent pulse in fertile beams, The weight of thoughts forever turning

It seems, back! Pictures are windows to many lands,

Climbing. And cottonwoods gave poor companionship * But a book is a door that ready stands

To one who felt her child was insecure, To him who will open and go outside

So, when for me at eventide While ice was all their stiffened limbs could Where the rivers and plains are free and

The Reaper's taps are chiming, grip wide.

May those who knew me say with pride, And "Patience"was their only signature. Pictures are windows through which we

"He died On wakeful winter nights, one truth is clear: look,

Climbing."What courage had the woman pioneer! But the door of the world may be a book.

RELIEF SOCIETY PRESIDENCY, grounds, Robert H. Marchant, custodimembership in Southern California,

BOARD REORGANIZED an of Yalecrest Ward, and W. Traufand in keeping with a policy to fit stake

fer, GraniteHighland Stake House cusnames to geographical location.

to Louise Y. succeed Appointed todian. S. colorIrvin Nelson showed the to over preside Appointed new as the of president Robison Nabeautification pictures of ed Church Alfred are E. Rohner Stake Inglewoodtional Society Relief Woman's is Amy projects out. carried already Bishop president, M. as and Garrat E. and Barlow R. Dr. of Richard wife Lyman,Brown Bishopric of the Presiding Ashton O. PresiSheiss counselors. as C. George the of the of Twelve, CouncilLyman in of the meeting, charge which was his Edling coundent and Wilford G. internationally social weland known conducted Kirkham. was James by M. selors Preston Richards and D. Ray firstfare leader, as served has who

counselor to Sister Robison since 1928. CALIFORNIA SEES Pettit of the nominally dissolved HollyCounselors named to act in the new MORE STAKE CHANGES wood Stake have been retained to dipresidency are Marcia Knowlton How- \T7hat was until recently the Hollyrect the new Los Angeles Stake. No

ells and Donna Durrant Sorensen, who vv wood Stake has been divided changes were effected in leadership of succeed Sister Lyman and former secinto two units to be known as the the former Los Angeles Stake, now ond counselor Kate M. Barker. Vera Inglewood Stake and the Los Angeles known as South Los Angeles Stake.

White Pohlman has been appointed Stake, and what has been known as Reorganization was accomplished general secretary and treasurer, the the Los Angeles Stake has been reunder the direction of Elder Stephen position formerly held by Julia A. F. named the South Los Angeles Stake. L Richards of the Council of the

Lund. Changes were effected November 19, Twelve and Elder Rufus K. Hardy of

The entire personnel of the general 1939, to provide for increasing Church the First Council of Seventy.

board have also been released, new members to be appointed by the incoming presidency, who take over the direction of the organization January 1, 1940.

According to a statement issued by the First Presidency of the Church, who express profound thanks and deepest gratitude for the devotion and service of the retiring officers and members, the change has been made "pursuant to the plan which they inaugurated when they reorganized the

YoungAssociation—namely,Women's Mutualto Improvementchange with

some frequency the general boards of the auxiliary organizations of the

Church."PRIMARY PRESIDENCY, BOARD REORGANIZED IIay Green Hinckley, wife of ''* Bryant S. Hinckley, until recently

president of the Northern States Mission, has been appointed general superintendent of the Primary Association, succeeding Miss May Anderson. MISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGNOVEMBERFOR THE 13—DEPARTEDFIELD FROM THENOVEMBERSALT LAKE23, MISSIONARY1939 HOME

Released with Sister Anderson, who First row, left to right: Reese B. Mason, Leo P. Seibold, Harold B. Gunnell, Lizzie Sutton, Ardis Jorgensen,

Jones. Campbell Stevenson, John B. Huntsman, B. Newell Timmerman, Conrad PriJacqueline to yearshas devoted some fifty

Stalling?, Doris L. Rose, E. Smith, Lowell Colton, President row: Lloyd Smith, B. Edwin Second M. Don superas of them work, fourteenmary Berrett, instructor. Fuller, Phyllis Lewis, Nelson, Win. E. Clyde Kelly, Norman Bruce Dee W.

intendent, are the entire general board Third row: Rex L. Park, David B. Roberts, Andrew E. Anderson, Grace York, Pauline D. Winkel, Bernice

and her counselors, Isabelle S. Ross Tidwell,FourthGrantrow:H. Elliott,WarrenGamerD. Curtis,D. Wood,F. RayRalph0. Kotter,Walker. Royce S. Bringhurst, Melvin Van Orden, Grant S.

and Edith Hunter Lambert, and general Sorensen, Rex A. Bunderson, Ervin Clark, Vaughn B. Wonnacott, Rao Sorensen, Donald E. Madson.

Rich, J. B. Kenneth Bee, Sterling Johnson, Arnold Logan Rawlings, Fifth row: E. William Darwin Newman,secretary R. Jack. Mary

Gillespie. Burch, Reed Evan Bird, A. G. Thurman

of counselors Selection Nielsen, Blair R. Garn R. to form the N. Gardner,Sixth row: Shurtz, Cowley, Slater, Bernard Chase Arthur D. Wm. Walker,

Neff, Otterstrom, Spencer. R. Gardner, S. Art Owen appointment the presidency andnew Spencer

Seventh row: Caspar, Lemon, George Ralph S. Wilcox, A. Lynn Ramon W. Coon, Max Eugene McKinnon, W. will boardof a new general Tueller. Mortensen, Fox, Bruce R. be made Rulon Lawrence William Youngberg, Glen W. Gunnell,

later. Eighth row: Heber J. Gilbert, David B. Fretwell, Read Putnam, Emm. Lorin Merkley, Alden R. Ayres,

CHURCH CARETAKERS Robert KirbyMISSIONARIESBench. LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

DISCUSS IMPROVEMENTS ARRIVED NOVEMBER 27—iDEPARTED DECEMBER 7, 1939.

First row, left to right: Gerald Daniels, Othella Adams, June Lucier, Mrs. Don B. Colton, Mabel Foulger,

Pope. V. Allen, Hyrum Christensen, John Christensen, repcustodians Afton Louise W. two hundredA bout

E. Fredrickson Marvin Johnson, Fisher, Norman Nelson, T. Robert President Don"*"* row: Kenneth H. Second Salt resenting in the 134 wards Wright, Smith, Quintin V. Christensen. John V. Westmoreland, Dean Morrison, Ether B. Colton, Kenneth W.

Lake and Davis County areas met in Third row: Bob Teichert, Ford Call, George Balmforth, J. Basil Manwaring, Leone Paul, Earl Tew, Eacl

Salt Lake November 16, to learn obFrancom,FourthReedrow:Wasden,LeonardEugeneBrostrom,Ericksen.Leonard Meyerhoffer, Lyle E. Clement, Alvin LeRoy Tolman, Joseph W.

jectives of a grounds beautification Kay, Melvin N. Carlisle, Berthel Bergeson, Joseph Davies, Jr., Stanford Larson, Grant M. Gerber.

program and receive instruction in Nielsen,FifthVal.row:E. Rigby,WalterDickE. Smith,Fridal, HaroldJr., J. VaughnRodney Simper.Moore, Follet Sanders, Clyde Miller, Paul Black, Alfred ft,

ways to achieve them. Among the Sixth row: Hyrum G. Smith, John D. Petterborg, Etdridge Threet, Lee Bailey, B. Grant Pugh, Rjussefc

speakers were W. F. Nauman, head Schow,SeventhGordonrow:Jenson,JackCarmiPrice,Campbell,Ira J. Burton,Harry DeanT. Lynds.M. McDonald, Milton C. Abrams, Cecil Gibby, Glenn Short,

gardener at the Salt Lake Temple Wm. E. Berrett, instructor; Wallace F. Toronto, instructor.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

COTTONWOOD STAKE MONUMENT HONORS Nauvoo period, and including several

GETS NEW PRESIDENCY APOSTLE HYDE pieces made by Brigham Young as is being the collection cabinetmaker, of Apostle President Orson Samuel memory the E. HHo Cucceeding

in of the Bureau housed temporarily *"* the restored counseproclaimed Bringhurst, second Hyde, former who Square. Information on Temple museum

in Asia, sustained America, and Europe, Gospel lor Erekson William S. was

the return for Palestine dedicated president Cotof the and 12, as November RESTORES PAROWAN of the a counselors marker in of Stake. Vermont Jews, tonwood New HALL OLD CHURCH granite the erected been has are Church presidency by the }. Ephraim Wahlquist and Verl F. McMillan. R. W. at the site of his grave in Spring City, 'T'he Parowan Tabernacle, old rock

Madsen, Jr., was released as first counUtah, where he died on November 28, * landmark built in 1867 under the

selor in the old presidency. 1878. An inscription on one side of direction of Brigham Young and for

Reorganization was effected by Elthe monument calls him "Defender of many years used as religious and recreder George Albert Smith of the Countruth, preacher of righteousness."ational center, has been restored, and

cil of the Twelve and Elder Samuel O. the public square surrounding it conBennion of the First Council of CITY, WARD JOIN verted into a park. The building, for Seventy. TO CREATE PARK a number of years abandoned in favor

MANTI TEMPLE "\17hat'acreswasof groundonce anadjoiningunsightlythefourrewillof largerbe usedand asmorea relicrecenthallstructures,by the

RENOVATED modeled Lewiston First Ward chapel Daughters of the Utah Pioneers. Janwill birthday, 13, the community's uary into a has recently converted been extensive improvement program An

of special celebration see *"* in honor a the cooperathrough beauty spot being civic for Temple is the Manti carried out, including building renovation of the city with the Church in a the completed renovation.

Facilities project. beautification have include landscaping. tion Plans and 8, 1939 November the reland- to been provided make steps repairing the and of west the visit the his return to a from Upon recreserve as a picnic and area the scaped of north curbing of placing new in Alberta, PresStake Canada, Taylor center. ational inside large upper temple. rooms Two the ident of Council Rudger Clawson

carpeted, renovated and will be reported the following of the Twelve, and CACHE, ST. GEORGE, large painted. smaller room rooms The appointments: and STAKES dedications PORTLAND at the dedication but never time of used the Dedication of Second Raymond REORGANIZED will repaired used and be completed Sterling chapel the and Ward Ward

in the future. T Tnder the direction of visiting memrecreation hall.

of the of Olaf ErickAppointment *"'* bers of the Council Dehlin Twelve THEOLOGYMORMON Sterling the reas bishop the First son of of Seventy, Council Ward,TAUGHT AT efstakes three U. S. C. andorganization of succeeding Arthur Bishop Fawns, was who

Professor of Latterday Saint thefected at quarterly conferences held has served the past thirtyfive years.

ology at the University of Southern Sunday, December 3, 1939. Counselors to Bishop Erickson are

California is Dr. G. Byron Done of Los In the Cache Stake, Alma Sonne, Thomas Tone Ogden and Lyman Clark

Angeles, who carries on a work sucsecond counselor in the former presiHarding.

cessfully inaugurated by Dr. John A. dency, was named stake president, with November 12, 1939

of the of the Council Twelve. Jr., Evans, D. William and FranklinWidtsoe President dedicated Heber J. Grant director the counselors. of- L. of as Retiring Richards has been Dr. D. Done chapel, the Riverton Second Ward ficers S. Institute the of are President Religion of Desand E. Cardon Joseph built at a cost E. of Franklin $61,000.

California. First Counselor of Southern eret Clubs and Walter EvHe M. is bishop, Seal with William Mason

the of erton, for University from served graduated bothwas of whom Butterfield, counselors. the and Mahonri

last years. at Brigstudied has in 1928, twenty andUtah

ham Young University, University of In the St. George Stake, Harold S. November 19, 1939

Southern California, and University of Snow, president of the St. George D. Golden Carlston, bishop, with N.

Chicago. He filled a mission in the Temple, was appointed stake presiStanley Brady and Silven V. Peterson,

Central States. dent, succeeding President William O. counselors, succeeded Bishop Henry

Bentley. Sustained as counselors were W. Jones and Allie L. Carlston and

MARKER COMMEMORATES Bishop Vernon Worthen of the St. William E. Rigby, counselors, as bishPIONEER-INDIAN TREATY George West Ward and William H. opric of the Fairview North Ward.

selected Stewart Dean Val was ward Prince, replaced Wilford who Mc- W.

clerk, replacing Stewart. Albert Bishop Hafen. Arthur E. Orval and George"7V BRONZEof a peaceplaquetreatybearingmadea facsimilebetween for served as bishop eleven years Jones retiring clerk, Miles is having served

Ute Indians and eighteen white famsince 1916. and for nineteen years as a member of

ilies, in early pioneers, the Mormon bishopric. the In the Stake, L. Portland George

fertile in valley 1 867, River Provo was Scott installed president, as stake was is bishop the of Henefer New Ward indedicated City on Heber November with A. Harold Lewis and O. West succeeding T. Richins, Norman W. native sandstone and on 19. Mounted as counselors. President Candland set recently Earl as Calderwood, apartpetrified erected the marker wood, was succeeds Scott L. President Bean. M. first in counselor the presStake Summit the auspices ofunder County Wasatch

first idency. selected Fowler Merl was of PioneersDaughters on Utah RECEIVES the CHURCH counselor; Richins, second counRoy taberthegrounds of Stake Wasatch COLLECTION NAUVOO selor; and clerk. Jones, John ward W. Itnacle. unveiled Mrs. by Jane was

Hatch Turner, first president of the 7V valuable collection of furniture Succeeding Bishop Robert S. Hillier,county D. U. P. and other relics from the Mansion who has been appointed second counSpeaker at the ceremonies was Mrs. House, Nauvoo home of the Prophet selor in the Summit Stake presidency,

Oscar A. Kirkham, granddaughter of Joseph Smith, has been presented to Reed E. Brown was named bishop of

Bishop Joseph S. Murdock, leader of the Church by Herbert S. Auerbach, the Hoytsville Ward, with Kenneth N.

the settlers and framer of the treaty. Salt Lake business man and civic leader, Durrant and Ralph Wright as counParticipating also were Elder Richard who has spent some thirtyfive years in selors. New ward clerk is Roy Judd.

R. Lyman of the Council of the Twelve, gathering the historic items and in estabNovember 24, 1939

and two Wasatch County pioneers lishing their authenticity. ReconstructThe Grantsville Second Ward

who witnessed the signing of the pact. ing many details of the daily life of the {Concluded on page 53)

fcdit&uaL y&wiL fcruL ceaseless crusade is a story of broken spirits and frustrated lives that cannot begin to be told by the

As we close the book of the year that has passed, mere tabulations of a bureau report. R. L. E.

and open a new ledger for the accounts of another part of life, may it not be forgotten that the (L JhibidsL io d&suLdtwsL creditors of eternity are more inexorable than

Scrooge or the proverbial Shylock. The books '"Pwentyfive years ago, a girl climbed onto a bimay be closed, but the accounts must still be paid. cycle and rode many miles on a dusty road in

In the eternal journey of a human soul, there is order to earn a BeeHive seal. On another occano act of bankruptcy which can quickly free us sion, she invited the other members of her swarm

of the shackles of our debts to life, and the kind to her home, where she made some baking powder of judgments in which the Lord God deals do not biscuits which she served with homemade butter become outlawed by a Statute of Limitations. and jelly, that she might obtain another seal. On

another day, she mended her own clothes and

Man may settle his obligations for a few cents darned some of her brothers'stockings that she on the dollar here, but the coin of the realm heremight receive her precious seal.

after is not subject to discount, and every debt will be paid, both for good and for ill. And with the Twentyfive years ago, she had no idea what

reality of such facts in mind it is well to open the the BeeHive program was doing for her; she knew

New Year. R. L. E. merely that she was working and playing hard in

almost every field of activity in order that she might complete the BeeHive work which had been initiated that year. Today as she looks in retrospect

on that work, she knows some of the things that

HPhe Federal Bureau of Investigation third quarwere being accomplished. BeeHive was helping

terly bulletin for 1939 on crime in the United her hurdle a period of life that might otherwise have

States and its possessions, reveals many startling ended unhappily. This girl was just as thousands

and disturbing facts, one of the most shockingly of other girls are, full of life and fairly aching to she did! When she was not unpleasant of which is that crime begins early. do things—which

directed, she did things for which she was sorry

During the first nine months of 1939 there were more afterwards, not that she wanted to do the wrong arrests for age nineteen than for any other single group. things so much as that she wasn't quite sure what

The groups for which the largest number of arrests ocwas right and what was wrong. The BeeHive

of 1939 are nine the first months during curred as follows, class, however, came to fill a real need in her life.

: eighteen, nineteen, twentytwo, (in the Ages order named) twentyone, twentythree! She could swim, cycle, dance, cook, and sew—not

only because she should, but also because she could

What it means to the criminologist the unemowin some recognition while doing these things.

tional record does not say, but what it means to One of the most fundamental characteristics parents in general and to Latterday Saints in parof humanity is the need for recognition. This need

ticular, is a question that must be asked and anto feel that one is essential to the progress of the swered. world is inherent in mankind. For this one girl,

Every home, every father and mother whom the twentyfive years ago, and for countless thousands

Lord has charged with the responsibility of chilof others at that time and during the succeeding dren, must face the facts. By every act of our years, BeeHive work has answered that need.

lives, by every influence of our homes, by every At times, leading groups of highstrung, headprayer of our hearts, by every word we speak, we strong youngsters will become difficult. But if

must draw closer to us our children and all of the teachers capture the spirit of BeeHive work, they young people of our communities, and give them will find that from this questioning group of young- a moral armament that will be proof against every sters will come a revival of interest in all things, brazen or subtle thrust of evil. in a younger point of view which will repay for

The school can do something, the Church can all the effort necessary in teaching this volatile girls. Leaders will also gain satisfaction help—but it is a job that is best done man to man group of

girls grow—a father to a son, a mother to a daughter, brother in knowing that they are helping the

to a brother, or neighbor to a friend. And what from uncertain girlhood into glorious womanhappens when someone shirks this solemn and hood.—M. C. /.

The Prophet did not always receive revelations by the aid of the Urim and Thummim. As he grew

spiritual in to his spirit power, bring he learned Evidences and into divinity with that as such harmony it became, it were, a Urim and Thummim to him, and God's reconciliations will was revealed without the intervention of external aids. This method is clearly, though briefly,

xx. U)hi did QoMph. SmiiPc, Jthn expressed in one of the early revelations.

Behold, you have not understood; you have supposed that

it give you, it unto I would took save when no thought you

But, to ask me. behold, you, unto (pADpheL, m&d JthsL hsdpL d Mvl was I say must that you

in it out mind; then your ask must be you me if it

it if is right I will that shall IAjuwl and JAummufL? studyright, and cause your bosom

burn within you; therefore, you shall feel that it is right.

'"Phe Urim and Thummim are mentioned in the But if it be not right you shall have no such feelings, but you

Bible in connection with priestly functions. shall have a stupor of thought that shall cause you to forget

thing the therefore, which is wrong; write that cannot you will of the Lord the to be used in making were They is sacred save me. given from it be Doctrine (See

priest. to the was which comprehensible Aaron clear and 9:7-9.) Covenants, and

instructed to wear the Urim and Thummim "upon his heart,"when he went to secure "judgment"Similarly, the Book of Mormon sets forth the from the Lord, and his successors were instructed to conditions which enable a person to receive divine use the Urim and Thummim when they asked communications without special outside means.

"counsel"from the Lord. Even with their use, Saul And when you shall receive these things, I would exhort

was unable to secure answer. Clearly, the Urim you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name

and Thummim were used in official communication withof Christ,a sincereif theseheart,thingswith arereal notintent,true;havingand iffaithye inshallChrist,ask

with the Lord. Beyond that, little is known of he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the

them. {See Exodus 28:30; Leviticus 8:8; NumHoly Ghost. And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may

bers 27:21; Deuteronomy 33:8; I Samuel 28:6; know the truth of all things. (Moroni 10:4, 5.)

and Ezra 2:63; Neh. 7:65.) That is, truth may become known, when one

In modern times the Urim and Thummim replaces himself in harmony or tune with the requireappear. The Prophet Joseph Smith records that ments of the subject in hand.

dethat said a "there book the angel Moroni was possession of the with The and Urim Thummim, also, that there plates posited, written on gold their use, really purpose and strong a becomes... these silver in stones and two bows... were evidence truth of the of Smith's Joseph message.

breastplate, constituted to a fastened what stones is It is a of science that commonplace the senses of... deposited with called the Thummim Urim and are so poor as to to inadequate man make them

the plates; and the possession and use of these discover more than a small fraction of universal

'Seers'in ancient constituted stones what were or truth. Indeed, with unaided stands senses, man

times, prepared them for and that former God had helpless before of nature. phenomena the many

the purpose of translating the book."{History of It is an equally elementary fact that aids to the

the Church, Vol. 1, p. 12.) senses of man, when found, open up larger and new

When the actual work of translation began, the vistas of knowledge. Every aid to human sense

indispensto be found were Thummim Urim and becomes, in fact, a door to a new field of scientific is places statement the able. In various made that exploration.

of the the translation means was Urim made "by is largely of science the story the The history of ( Doctrine 10:1.) Covenants and Thummim."and accumulation aids of senses. to man's use By the

On one occasion, when the Prophet, through the of a glass prism, ordinary sunlight is broken into defection of Martin Harris, lost a portion of the the many prismatic colors; a sensitive thermometer

manuscript translation, the Urim and Thummim reveals heat rays above the red end of the spectrum;

were taken from him, and the power of translation a photographic plate reveals the existence of difceased. Upon the return of the sacred instruments, ferent rays at the violet end of the spectrum;

the work was resumed. (History of the Church, uranium glass changes the invisible rays at the

use the before mental attitude, he could Urim and electric tension in current a wire; the curmagnetic

successfully, also conyet it must be and Thummim rents over the earth indicated are the compass; by

cluded of X-rays visible; that the stones were essential to the work of by the bones the body are made

translation.

is a great telescope built being will which now

Most of the early revelations to Joseph Smith enable the human eye to see light, of the intensity were obtained by the use of the Urim and Thumof a small candle, 40,000 miles away. Such exmim. Speaking of those early days the Prophet amples might be greatly multiplied.

usually says, "I enquired of the Lord through the Joseph Smith was but a humble, inexperienced

Urim and Thummim, and obtained the following."lad. He was assigned a tremendous task. His

(History of the Church, Vol. I, pp. 33, 36, 45, 49 need of help such as the Urim and Thummim, until

and 53. ) The "stones in silver bows"seemed thereby mighty prayer and effort his body and spirit

fore, to have possessed the general power of making became spiritually "tuned,"seems both logical and spiritual manifestations understandable to Joseph scientific.

Smith. ( Concluded on page 37

/"> 16 33.

?{ominq J VOICES AND VIRTUES Buy.

a man, from peanut seller Jiailv not itl ALL Manyto politician, has made his "JhsLdswiL fortune by his speaking voice. The silvertongued orator,

like the goldenthroated operatic jo/l jcWww $&l IhsL hswUiL star, can turn his capital into cash.

The men and women who can spelltilUL CL aw&qL judiol"bind millions by their speech from pulpit, platform, stage, or broadcasting station are rare, and their By SUSAN FULTON rewards are commensurate with their Formerly Speech Professor, talent. Parsons College

No one can create such a voice; it

springs largely from purely physical equipment, though it may be strongly fortified by training and intelli-i gence. But everyone can develop

a pleasant voice, perhaps even a beautiful one, except in cases of actual physical deformity. It is well

Foods such as sal- a d s, sandwiches, worth while. Who wants to whine

matoes cold meats,—all fish,needtoor bark, snarl or mumble his career Tang, the perfect, away?

dressyear-around for develrule is no simple There ing. Better buy voice. years... oping But a beautiful quarts.

ago, playing one night with the other shrieking neighbor children under a

Hotcakes. variety. lamp, passing grown- I heard a This ideal of a beautiful French the street toast—needwaffles,

rich, satisfying flavor to her speaking voice without is illustrated comment up quote by anthis of delicious syrup.

Better buy... Lumnoisy niece: other childhood memory, from a

preferSyrup, ber Jack story of author by the Anne In red by men. of Green soft, voice ever tins or Her was

convenient jugs. girls in excellent thing in Gables. Gentle, low, a little and counan Some

woman. try neighborhood were trying to get

names for their missionary society

It was an accidental lesson in quilt. Five cents put your name on

training, vocal but effective. corner, outside cents in the As a an ten

motto a conversafor developing center block, of a small twentyTo—togivemakesaladsthem arich,lift and

flat, not better voice, King buy tional five quilt. cents in the center of the.. Mayonof Cordelia is excellent—notLear's descriptiononly naise. MayonSara Stanley her Nalley's—the Somehow and

for but that naise man or child for woman, makes a Felicity cousins, failed and Cecily, masterpiece. meal a also. are unpleasant Consider how to collect Cecily, the many names.

the conversational all timid of of them, opposites: strimost suggested are all of Nalley's The products dent, harsh, and blatant. to of "better that they a crusty old the standpoint bachelor buys"from go

quality and value for the money. When one has achieved Cordelia's nearby, and ask him to contribute.

qualities of speech, superior flavors, Their another is needed which upon to thought scared almost them The their popularity won, has been It is are to a voice delightful. keep death, but they went. them He told duplicated. not

he didn't believe in foreign missions, its Note: Jack, with pleasLumber his didn't the he and want name on flavor, ing imitation maple DARK GONE? THE a WHERE HAS

of blend quanis Large quilt old a lot of among women's of in U. sugar are used fine& sugars.I. Nell Cox By

the titiesmaking. names; but giving he wouldn't mind

WHERE has the dark gone? It was here them something if Sara Stanley, who

in the night had quite a local reputation as a the light. before turned on Just Mother story teller, would tell him one.

she's I'd I thought though ask Grandma;

blind and can't see, Cheeks flaming with embarrassment,

She's the dearest Grandma and tells stories the "story girl"took up the challenge.

to me. delighted old the she finished, When NAlLEYiManufacturers of Quality Foods gave her a curmudgeon dollar. But has the dark gone?"Grandma so "Where

wise he asked her, before she went, to is hiding right eyes."table. multiplication say the here in my She (NALLEVS; the dark gone has no terrors; are my began, times one.""one At first OfSGOOD NowSaid,fears;"It

Tis the same dark dear Grandma has lived she felt indignant because she in for years! thought he was making fun of her.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

Homing but by the time she reached "six times six"she had grown tolerant of his foibles; when she reached "nine

times nine"she was pitying the trouble and folly in the world. Then

she was sad, but soon she began to see a little hope, as if a tragic story had come to a turning point, and amusement bubbled up into her voice until when she reached "twelve times twelve,"it sounded as if the multiplication table was the funniest joke in the world.

The man took a deep breath and said, "Well! The other day I read

of a woman, 'Her voice would have made the multiplication table beautiful.'I did not believe that was

possible. Now I know it is."

"A voice that would make the multiplication table beautiful!"That

is what we want. After all, why

should it be hard to obtain? Beginning with a soft, gentle, low

voice, which anyone can have for the trying, unless his vocal organs are or abnormal, deformed we need What Every Woman for flexibility,only vabuild on that riety, interestingness. >!

That leaves two questions: Howto acquire a soft, gentle, low voice Knows

is the first. The second is how to

acquire flexibility, which will make (jrfhsrfhjZ/L you're an "old hand"a voice expressive and consequently at baking, or a newlywed begininteresting. The advantages of a ner you'll get better baking results

beautiful are obvious in every voice with dependable Globe "Al"Flour life. said: form of social As ByronThe devil hath not, in all his quiver's choice—-milled to work perfectly with

An arrow for the heart like a sweet voice. modern fastcreaming shortenings

Except occasionally for a profesand modern ovens. Try Globe "Al"

of the subject,sional student it is next time you need flour—your

try to useless to learn physialmost itl sells grocer ological facts about voice production in the hope of drawing helpful conclusions from them. In spite of all Your Folks Will Like These

the years it has been studied, voice culture is still in the experimental ENGLISH BUTTER COOKIES stage. It still seems to be a fact that 2 cups GLOBE "Al"Flour 1/2 teaspoon soda

the best way to train a voice is by 1 cup sugar 1 large egg 1 cup butter one can get aimitation—providedgood model. In order to have a Siftin butterflour, thoroughlymeasure, addandsugarmoistenandwithsodawellbeatenand sift again.egg. AddRub

pleasant speaking voice, all one more flour if necessary, to make a stiff dough. Knead the

needs is determination and common dough well, shape into rolls, and place in refrigerator to sense. become hard enough to slice -thin. Make a mixture of beaten

egg. V4 CUP sugar and fine chopped walnuts. Spread some

Tn voice training, one factor makes of this mixture on each cooky and bake in a hot oven (400) generalizations almost impossible. about 8 to 10 minutes.

That is individual differences. To

begin with, there are abnormalities caused by adenoids or tonsils or cleft palate or teeth too far apart. Moreover, the organs of speech belonging

to one person always differ slightly in structure from those of every other. But even differences due to LISTEN TO "Mary Foster, Th Edilor't Daughter"KNXKSFO 5:30 P. M. Every Mondoy Through Fridoy

physical variety are not all that we (Concluded on page 36) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

Homing butpleasanteveryonevoice. knowsThis isandthe likesanswera ThisThen,wouldhownot beacquirea seriousflexibility?problem

{Continued from page 35) to the first question: "How acquire if we were not trained from childfind in voices. There are others a soft, gentle, low voice?": Be hood to conceal our emotions as

due to emotional life, and sometimes pleasant. Be calm and kind. Your much as possible. Vocal flexibility

they are the most important of all. vocal organs will do the rest by comes from changes in tension in

If one has a poor voice, and the themselves. the muscles involved, and these

defects are due to unchangeable [T Tnless its owner is an accomchanges come from changes in the structure vocal of the organs, he the are expresbody, whole which will actor, plished a voice betray it. the of best hemust But make state. sion of emotional an Norstate the a speaker. emotional of A of the sure cause.should all is make mally, to to think one needs do A secretly student attended depressed

his "talkedperson has through feel will who the voice deeply, and and dramatic school summer. one "A

is, resonnasal without if itself. of care take But have younose"—that voice, pleasant the sad,"but too head

taught yourself a level voice, inance—because of adenoids, and has of the school criticized. Back in coloften adenoidsthe goes removed, on instead to to reconceal of tended lege, studied speech. she speak "You in thetalking way. same distressing habit the veal of meaning, or have well,"said professor, the "but why to the so accustomed has himHabit in talking breathily or a monotone, in In school so ansad?"graduate

his that of voice if does hesound frightened, are own as or gutturally you state, the other of the speech head it realize imbe mightnot if little gruff, how as or are a angry you the department comsame made is If to attention called hisproved. first to must you your up mind make critiplaint. their in Unanimous

trouble, learn tothe speak he feelbeautiful may express thoughts and cisms, teacher could the sugnever resonance. nasalwith Most in good effective the posmost way gest but cheering up. ings any remedy

lisping, or inability of adult it.cases sible, then and ahead and do go Eventually it worked.to pronounce other consonants than Voices also give intellectual imThere will always be times for

s, root but are due have no organic every speaker to exhe wants when pressions. imthe can measure You

lisp or laziness. childrento Most or anger or sorrow gloom or his press to speaker attaches portance a

are consonantstranspose when they his indignation, voice will take but to takes the thought say time he by talk, ordinarily these tolearning but they care those of come. when it. No in while a pompous some Once the aschildish habits are overcome into practise them! Cultivate need if talk trains himself person as to

child the language. masters Somepersist. these habitstimes The heof nations,were responsibleand takes forhalfthean welfarehour to steadsensibilities,an appreciationand do not ofbe theafraidfinerto

are last harder the theylonger they voice. it in your trite the show about remark make some

elimiof, but theyto get rid can be Flexibility is simply are better the result of weather, but of us most nated. judges of what we say, and rattle changes in thought and feeling. discouraged Before one becomes rate. exercises vocal are great at a anyone which There For on by who of his voice, sure must bewith he artificially, it fast, increased talks but the not too can be advice should

: his that nornamely, thinganother rich half think to are valuable not as they to more. so but down, slow be

if voice, unpleasantmal, everyday virfast to experience. talk to oldfashioned as so one wants The Noin not has so way, by become some disposition of scatterbrained; neither tue a kindly an and appear does

imitation rather than by nature. anyone wish to be so weighted down understanding mind will do more toThere are very few voices which by selfimportance that he extracts create a pleasant voice than all the

cannot be trained to be pleasant. words from his mind as if they were exercises in all the speech books yet

There are all too few which are. teeth. written.

It is so easy to be influenced. In

grade school it is often possible to tell how pupils will talk by listening to the teacher. For that reason a

willcertain superintendent school has yyioJuL (popidoUL jtkcut. evsJt! hirenever a teacher until he

heard her talk. When we are quite

young, learning how to master our voices, it is only natural that we should pattern them after the voices we hear most. A whining or shrillvoiced mother will be annoyed by

hearing her children whine or shriek.

The apocryphal Indian children reared by the wolves had wolfsounds for voices, because that was all the speech they knew. The variations in American speech between

Boston and the Middle West or the

South are not due to inheritance, but 'Milk White"Eggs are being used at all M. I. A. Cooking Schools

to imitation. But any one who has

voice, voice, a level or a harsha shrill voice, exEAT MORE EGGS -THE PERFECT FOOD orvoice should a guttural change it for a pleasanter type immediately. UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'COOP ASSOCIATION

Ideas of beauty in voices differ,. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

Homing THE COOK'S CORNER By Barbara Badger Burnett

Filled Baked Potatoes

slice potatoes. mediumsliced Bake Cut seaUNUSUAL CANDIES top, and from mash scoop out potato,

salt, Butter, Leaf son with Clover and ASSURE YOUR DINNER OR PARTY Fill shells half Milk. potato Clover Leaf

full of Deviled Crab. Pile potato mixture

on top and brown in a hot oven. Use Miss Saylor's delicious bars for faDeviled Crab vors. Their lovely foil wraps will enhance

1 cup Three Diamonds Brand Crabmeat the sheen of your silver and napery.

34 cup mushrooms, chopped fine 2 tablespoons Clover Leaf Butter 2 tablespoons Globe Al Flour Fill the buffet compotes with Miss 1 cup Clover Leaf Milk Saylor's Unusual Chocolates and exotic 2 Milk White egg yolks pastels because many guests prefer Miss salt pepper and 1 teaspoon finely chopped parsley Saylor's candies for dessert.

Make a sauce of the butter, flour, and milk. seasoning, the beaten egg yolks, Add

three For the bridge tables place small dishes crabmeat, mushrooms. and Cook

minutes and add the parsley. Put in potato of Miss Saylor's foil wrapped candies

shells or ramkins, and bake in a hot oven within easy reach. They're wonderful after

for ten minutes.

a full dinner and to relieve parry strain.

Noodle Delight 1 package Globe Al Noodles 1 pound round steak ground Miss Saylor's Unusual candies, fresh and pound x/2 pork steak ground fragrant, from penny mints to $5.00 boxes 1 onion chopped

1 can corn 2 cups tomato sauce If your favorite stores do not have them writ*..

American cheese MISS SAYLOR'S CHOCOLATES, INC. Brown the onion in a frying pan, add ALAMEDA, CALIFORNIA

meat, and fry until brown. Add corn and

tomato sauce and simmer for two minutes.

Cook noodles in boiling salted water until Cinnamon Rolls Combine the butter, sugar, salt, potatoes, tender, drain. Put alternate layers of cake Fleischmann's Yeast potato water, and milk. When cool, add

noodles and meat in a casserole, sprinkle cup luke warm water yeast and beaten eggs. Stir in enough

each layer with cheese, saving some for cup Clover Leaf Butter flour to make a stiff dough. Knead thortop. Bake in a moderate oven for thirty cup Utah Beet Sugar oughly. Cover and place in refrigerator

minutes. teaspoon salt until ready to use. Let dough rise for 1

cup hot mashed potatoes hour before using. Roll % inch thick.

Tomato Jelly Ring cup potato water Brush with melted butter. Sprinkle with

2 cups tomato juice cup Clover Leaf Milk sugar, cinnamon and raisins. Roll up and

1 small bay leaf Milk White Eggs slice in inch thick slices. Let rise until

3 or 4 cloves Globe Al Flour to make a stiff dough double in bulk and bake in a moderate 2 slices onion Dissolve the yeast in lukewarm water. oven. Frost while warm.

salt and pepper 1 teaspoon lemon juice 1 package Royal Lemon Gelatin It Happened In Evidences 1 cut celery cup finely

1 shredded cup cabbage Reconciliations and Mexico salad dressing page { Concluded 33 from (Concluded 22) from page leaf, juice, cloves, tomato Simmer bay the also that It should be noted fifteen for Strain, minutes. onionand after in that placed tomb add were arinto enter does CorProphet not any liquid juice.seasoning Measure and lemon

and add enough hot tomato juice to make tez came?"gument to prove the necessity of the

1 cup. Pour over gelatin and stir until "No. Many, many years before."use of the Urim and Thummim. His

until set. partially Chilldissolved. Add "Perhaps one thousand years?"simple mention of them argues turn into 7-inch ring mold.celery and a

Chill until firm. Turn onto a service plate. "Possibly."strongly for his veracity. An imFill the center with shredded cabbage and postor would probably have attemptgarnish with lettuce and stuffed olives. "For all you know they might have ed an explanation of the "seer

Serve with Nalley's Tang Dressing. been there two thousand years, or stones."

Caramello even longer?"The Urim and Thummim were

1 package Carmel KreMel "Yes. No one seems to know nor aids to Joseph's spiritual senses.

care. ever the are first man that cold You Clover Leaf Milk cup Yi. is they not operated known. How

\ hot cups Clover Leaf Milk first l/i statement the I made. doubted matter, the of For that methods sugar cup brown Yt ask?"you do of of operation of aids the most 1 Leaf Clover cup Whipping Cream. Why

Dissolve the KreMel in cold milk, add That question will not be anman's physical senses are not underhot milk, and stir until it comes to a boil. swered here. However, a study of stood. Joseph's claim to the need

sugar. brown cold, add whippedAdd When the might of of aids Book make such evidence Mormon an becomes

into glassescream mix well. and Pour the story things these of read like an his life's for the truth labor. of chill. with Serveand cream whipped andchopped nuts. open book.—/. A. W.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

STAKE CONFERENCE CHANGES doubtedly greatly enhance interest in

The following letter by President Clawson is selfexplanatory: the campaign. By their use the public

To Presidents of Stakes November 20, 1939 will be most widely and easily reached.

Dear Brethren: This will prove to be a popular way of

Beginning with the year 1940 the auxiliary conventions will not be held in keeping people interested in the camconnection with quarterly conferences. All of the quarterly conferences will paign.

Priestlargely to Priesthood the beingmajor Melchizedek devoted work—two ACCIDENTS ALCOHOL AND to missionary Schedules the Priesthood. one tohood, work, one Aaronic and

to tell us that <"<"\T7e no statistics need will sent hereafter to you.and programs be

pedestridrivers * drinking and It to the of the auxiliary decided hold stake has been annual conventions associations as nearly as may be on union meeting dates in the respective stakes. This ans constitute a serious presentday

action is taken to reduce as much as possible the meetings and travel of the people traffic menace. The fact that drunkin the stakes. It will be understood that the auxiliary association holding its driver arrests reach their peak on Satannual convention in the stake on union meeting day shall be accorded preference urday indicates that the problem of

over other organizations on that day so that it may enjoy full attendance of its drinking at the nineteenth hole, or the workers and the attention of stake and ward authorities. football game, or the weekend party,

Very sincerely yours, remains a grave one; the fact that such

OF COUNCIL THE TWELVE arrestsnight andclimbtwoto theira. m. peakmeansbetweenthat manymidPresident Clawson, By Rudger

. persons still drink heavily at roadhouses

AN APPEAL FOR REPORTS and night clubs and then try to drive home.

HPhe above letter by President ClawWill all stake Melchizedek Priest- "The time will come when driving son announcing that every stake hood committees take notice and plan after drinking will be placed in the same quarterly conference during 1940 will that these reports shall be sent to this category with carrying concealed be a Priesthood conference emphasizes office within ten days of the close of the weapons, robbery, incendiarism, and the importance of promptly making and quarter? Prompt action by quorum and other misdemeanors about which there

sending in Quarterly Reports. The stake officers will give great satisfaction is absolutely no question in the public

these reports fordata asked It will through by come official mind. are both to themselves and to the General or Clawson's President at desired procedure,greatly court legislation, improved

office at least two weeks before the Authorities. "A word to the wise is and the development of adequate test

date of the conference. sufficient."Thanks, brethren. methods."—Quoted from a pamphlet

entitled Lest We Regret by The TravTHE SUNDAY SCHOOL PICTURE elers Insurance Co.

ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO Tn the month of October the Deseret

COLUMN Sunday School Union Superintendency sent to the Sunday School Superintendent of every stake a record and

IS IT O. K.? a film entitled "Out of the Game"and

?".. "Certainly,"it O. K..Ts Shows was "Dazzy His Album."IS YOUR QUORUM WHAT

question to the whether reply a contribution This is A our to the campaign DOING?

or not it would be O. K. for stake and for the nonuse of liquor and tobacco. Tn the 1939 budget assignments suglocal campaign committees to initiate Instructions accompanied the record. * gested by the central committee were

things to do in furthering the campaign. The plan is to show this material in the following: "Assignments to be

"It is not only their privilege but their every Sunday School of the stake, usgiven to every stake alike: (a) Reduty to be active and do anything and ing for this purpose the sound and pichabilitation of quorum members. In

everything that will help the work ture projecting machine owned by the addition to other assignments, it is furalong,"we went on to say. Playlets, stake. ther suggested that every quorum in

dramas, songs, pictures, billboards, spethe region undertake to assist at least cial meetings, urge of public officials one unemployed quorum brother obto enforce antinarcotic laws relative OTHER MATERIAL tain permanent employment in private stores, closing of liquorto early minors, in establish some to industry him or interesting very record and A nother requestedcooperation with when business pursuit or of agricultural form film entitled of "Five Years Rein antinar- civic bodiesschools and will independent."The him make etc., is also sent to that being out etc., peal,"etc., education, charactercotic and typical: are reports following stake every committee chairman, acsuggestions.are a few

Let committees, quorums, boards, companied by instructions as to its use. The Elders'Quorum of the Buhl

and others interested be on their toes Further, there will be sent to every Ward, Twin Falls Stake, reports that to do what they can to help in the stake that can use them some slides through the efforts of the quorum one good work. But where you propose carrying temperance quotations from member has been placed in a permaimportant special activities be sure you authoritative sources. These slides are nent position.

have the approval of your stake presifor use in moving picture shows—in The quorums in Providence First

dency before going ahead. ward recreation halls, commercial show Ward, Logan Stake, report that three

The General Committee will conhouses, etc. It is proposed that two or members have been taken off relief,

tinue sending material and suggestions more slides shall be projected during one Adult Aaronic Priesthood member, to the field. Make it a practice to the program on the screen for a few one High Priest, and one Elder.

scan this as well as other columns of the seconds between scenes. The use of ( See also report from 250th Quorum

Era. these slides, where feasible, will unof Seventy on opposite page.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

committees. All committees are fully organized and are doing some very good

work. We also have a member on the

stake AntiLiquor-Tobacco Committee.

The quorum, through the Personal Welfare Committee, has been helping some of the more unfortunate members with work in their homes, and at present is engaged in helping a member build a new home.

Through the Miscellaneous Activity

Committee and assisted by the Elders and

High Priests, the quorum sponsored a benefit party to raise funds to purchase the land on which to build a new home for a member of our quorum. This committee has also

been active in our monthly socials.

The quorum holds regular monthly quorum meetings and socials. We feel that a

closer social spirit comes from this type of activity. The quorum at present is working on a minstrel show, which they expect to

put on the first of December [1939], for the purpose of raising funds to continue with our monthly socials. We are also working

on a Seventies'chorus, which has been on (TOP) MEMBERS OF THE 250TH QUORUM OF SEVENTY a vacation. This chorus did some very

First row, kneeling: Gerald G. Robertson, president; Lyle Palmer, secretary; Owen Gladwell. commendable work during the last year,

B. president; senior row: Harbertson, president; Second Drimmelen, Y. Frederick John Van the throughout going to different wards

president; P, Rice, Harris, Stephens, E. C. president; Otha Buck, Everett Robert William

the entire furnishing program, Wheeler, county, H. Child. Gene L. Stoman, Guy

Third row: Orson Thornblad, John Pope, Louis Zaugg, Neil C. Clegg, Hollis V. Allen, Rulon speakers and music, for sacrament service.

J. Harper.

Fourth row: Charley Manley, Alvin B. Stephens, Joseph W. Carlson, Vasco Lauh, Robert The Class Instruction Committee has conLasater. ducted regular lessons in our weekly and

Fifth row: Gabriel C. Dieu, William F. Dame, Clarence R. Saunders, Roy Zaugg, John Robert monthly meetings, and has given us some

Carter. Ferrel Buswell,

very fine instructions.

(BOTTOM) HELD OF ELDERS, BANQUET BY FIFTH BURLEY STAKE, QUORUM ATTENDED The quorum, through the Church Service BY EIGHTY THEIR WIVES. PER CENT OF QUORUM STAKE PREStDENT AND MEMBERS

D. R. LANGLOIS SUBMITTED THE PHOTOGRAPH. Committee, has conducted a very successful

temple excursion and has been doing some

ACHIEVEMENT STANDARDS SET BY 250TH QUORUM veryWegoodhave,workthroughin Wardthe helpTeaching.of the PerOF SEVENTY sonal Welfare Committee, completed an

index file, and have some valuable informaBy B. Y. HARBERTSON tion on each member of the quorum.

The rehabilitation work has been carried

Senior President 250th Quorum of Seventy out, and some very fine results have been accomplished.

(Editor's Note: The accompanying report, in itself a good example At present, all members of the quorum

of the type desired from quorums of Seventy, was requested of the 250th have employment and seem to be in good

Quorum of Seventy, made up of members residing in the 14th Ward, health. We feel that the quorum, as a

Mount Ogden Stake, at the time it was selected to give a demonstration of whole, is in a very much more improved a weekly activity meeting, council meeting, and monthly quorum meeting conditionbending everythan effortit has possiblebeen, andto seewe thatare at the Priesthood union meeting of the stake held in September. It repreeven more will be accomplished in the

sents splendid achievement.) future.

The 250th Quorum of Seventy consists of fortyfive members. The records show Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, February, 1940

fortyeight enrolled, figure which by we Church Government. and Text: Priesthood

to until abide the year. of thehave end We problems, readings, and projects below.) (See supplementary of attendance anhave average forty from

to sixtyseven per cent at our weekly activity meetings, and a prize were awarded 1. (See guidance SupIndividual IV LESSONof for the the best stake having $5.00 by Readings plementary 5)

at meeting. Priesthoodattendance Out Priesthood of 2. Purpose and guidance Nature Group of The fortyfivethe members, standing a have we revelation b. continuous For 3236.) 2, Chapter pp. (Read for ofexcuse account seven on work.

c. government For Church earth I. Salvation of on Plan The of ultimate fortyfive d. accomplishment the thirtyFor have members Of we free and agency through a. Operates

in actively are purposes divinenine engaged Church who selfeffort of man there presentwork. are At two members carry to delegated b. by Projects: God Problems and Man missions, foreign missions,on two on home of plan provisions 1. Illustrate out the principle of delegated aualso the of wivesand have Sevtwo we II. authority fields delegated of thority Priesthood such examples from common byenties missions. on has home quorum The 1, 2, etc. Readings business, Supplementary 3) experience: government, (See

fullhelped support the missionary one year in heaven, intelligences in 2. a. Priesthood define Held by would you Howto the extent of a month, $10.00 another and earth light learned of about the on have what you man bymissionary part in the of the year same its its its divine of delegation, b. purposes? source, law Instrumentality

remissionary recentlyamount. has One end III. of the 3. without beginning the Distinguish and between power Withoutturned the missionary other has and home principle everlasting of a. other delegations Priesthood Priesthood power an and

a months.been home few

faithful to grant Supplementary Readings (See 4) which men God may

The quorum is divided into five com- b. Endures term of faithfulness everywhere (not Priesthoodbearers) for

mittees: namely, the Personal Welfare, IV. Priesthood essential for many things the accomplishment of certain righteous

Class Instruction, Church Service, Miscel- a. For carrying out plan of eternal purposes.

laneous Activity, and Missionary Fund progression (Continued on page 40). ) )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

(Continued from page 39) 4. What does it mean to you to know SUPPLEMENTARY READINGS

that, pending your faithfulness, your PriestFor Priesthood and Church Government hood is eternal?

LESSON V 1 The Foundation of Authority. The upon the earth. You will find this

The Powers of the Priesthood authority of the Priesthood is often recorded in a sermon delivered by the (Read Chapter 3, pp. 3743.) misunderstood. It is frequently the Prophet Joseph, showing that not only

I. Priesthood implies power rock upon which spiritual shipwreck is he, but also all of the faithful that have

a. To create worlds suffered. The power or right to comreceived the Priesthood here in this life,

In the authority. of beworlds ordained were before the foundation act is redeem or b. mand To

shall follow...": II. signs these in the possesworld. Consequently, "And conscious ginning, and man, they had the

gifts of the spirit a Priesthood ension of a will, reached out for truth ordination; that ordination was after

dowment is the order Gradually, all etergained from who of Him and new knowledge.

a. Revelation nity to eternity, to all intelligence everlasting learned his grew, he as an Discernment b.

Priesthood. Pratt, forces as he control natural {Orson met them Journal of c. Healing

d. Translation on his way. Knowledge, properly used, Discourses, 22:28.)

e. Power over evil (See Supplebecame power; and intelligent knowl- 5. The Priesthood conferred on man

mentary Readings 6) edge is the only true foundation of confers power which every man may

III. Power to perform ordinances (See authority. The more intelligence a man exercise with respect to himself and the

Supplementary Readings 7) possesses the more authority he may Lord. By the authority of the Priestall power to the world": into ye IV. "Go right to he glory of is hood has a exercise. "the with Hence, commune God

the word preach in in is the or prayer "intelligence other intelligence,"God and ways, and in and on earth heaven Binding V.

it right has, as the receive were, to gods."to (Rational the compathway up Elijah of a. Calling

b. "Covenants, contracts, bonds, obTheology, p. 111.) munications in return from the inligations, oaths, vows, perform- 2. Absolute Authority. Such high telligent beings about him, so that his

ances, connections, associations, authority, based on increasing intelligent ways may be ways of strength and expectations"knowledge,may be called absolute aupleasantness. Man's own work should

Problems and Projects: thority. All other forms, and many be inseparably connected with the

This lesson could furnish an occasion for forms exist, must be derived from abpower of the Priesthood which he has brief testimonies from as many members solute authority, which is the essence received. (Rational Theology, p. 114.)

of the class as there is time for, each relatof all authority. Absolute authority 6. An individual who holds a share

ing a personally experienced manifestation which cannot be fully comprehended, in the Priesthood, and continues faithful of some phase of the power of the Priestdoes not mean that full knowledge or to his calling, who delights himself conhood. full power has been gained over anytinually in doing the things God requires

LESSON VI thing in the universe. The universe at his hands, and continues through his

Priesthood and the Church will forever reveal its secrets. By ablife in the performance of every duty,

(Read Chapter 4, pp. 4448.) solute authority is meant the kind of will secure to himself not only the priv-

I. As is the Priesthood, so is the Church authority that results directly from an ilege of receiving, but the knowledge

a. Church established by Priesthood intelligent understanding of the things how to receive the things of God, that

b. Church dependent on Priesthood over which authority is exercised. Auhe may know the mind of God con-

c. A "kingdom of priests": no priestly thority can, therefore, be absolute only tinually; and he will be enabled to discaste (See Supplementary Readso far as knowledge goes, and becomes cern between right and wrong, between

ings 8) things is the things that as absolute the and knowledge more of God to carry out God's more organized II. Church are of not the are never Priesthood obtained. laws God. And The of God purposes

is the Spirit that arbitrary; are him, within will conon always they founded of Priesthood a. As agency

b. As Kingdom of God on Earth truth. ( Rational Theology, p. 111.) tinue to increase until it becomes like

III. Authority needed 3. Derived Authority. Anyone pos- a fountain of living water; until it is

a. Distinguishing characteristics of sessing the absolute authority resting on like the tree of life; until it is one

Church high intelligence may often find it neccontinued source of intelligence and in- b. Genuine power in all ages essary or convenient to ask others to struction to that individual. (Brigham

not enough c. Conviction Discourses, exercise that authority for him. Young p. 205. That

of the Saints"the perfection IV. "For authority. not leads to derived wonder Paul It does had to arise and 7. No channel proper through a. Revelation

to guide Church necessarily follow that those who are be baptized and wash away his sins. No

b. Concern of Church: that all may so asked, understand the full meaning wonder the angel told Cornelius that

understand of the authority that they exercise. The he must send for Peter to learn how to

V. Government of Kingdom of God workman in a factory carries out the be saved: Peter could baptize, and

a. Committed to Church operations as directed by the chief techangels could not, so long as there were

b. Responsibility of Priesthood nician, and obtains the desired results, legal officers in the flesh holding the

Problems and Projects: though he does not to the same extent keys of the kingdom, or the authority

1. Explain: the organization of the understand the principles involved. of the Priesthood. (Teachings of

Church begins with the Priesthood. Every person who has risen to the Joseph Smith, p. 265.

2. Can you trace the relationship between earthestate possesses a certain degree 8. The Priesthood of the Church are

as been it has and PriesthoodChurch of the for authority, of absolute Lord. the army he unof has knowlThe record

this last dispensation? duringfolded What their ministrations, control of gives throughout nature a cenedge him which relationthe revelationsevents, make what

tury, in in forces. foreign lands, surrounding over and at home Every many clear? particularlyship

3. Criticize or defend the absence of a person possesses or should possess certeaching the Gospel to the nations, and

priestly caste in the Church. Would tain derived authority, not always in providing comforts for their loved

Church government be more efficient if wholly understood, which is exercised ones at home, is one of the most enPriesthood office were limited to a trained under the direction of a superior intellithralling and remarkable stories of hufew? How is it possible to qualify a body gence. ( Rational Theology, p. 112.) man devotion to, and sacrifice for, a

of lay members to act as a "kingdom of 4. Joseph Smith, when he translated cause. It is by the possession of an

priests"? authoritative the the the these records that of aid Priesthood by and Urim Priestthe the without 4. Imagine Church

Christ received of Latterday Church not yet of Jesus had any Thummim, the then role Churchhood. would What

far his distinguished Priesthood, as be exso temporal from Saints may picture the does inplay our lives? How

differ from that of a Priesthoodmotivated istence was concerned. He did hold among the many churches of the day.

Church? the Priesthood before he came here (Studies in Priesthood, p. 29.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

STANDARD QUORUM AWARDS 2. Set up and follow a yearly program the bishopric and ward supervisor of

TO BE SPECIAL PROJECT OF of social and fraternal activities in accorddeacons should have such person in the recommendations. with ance training. an apshould show boy The BISHOPRICPRESIDING

3. record attendance average an Have should for the Gospel. preciation 1940 HeDURING year. the during sixty cent of per or more habits. faith manifest have good and 4. cent or seventyfive per more Have to to a willingness should do show He An effort fill year. the during assignments more than double the members** Standard Award Quorums 5. Have seventyfive per cent or more things asked of him. The bishopricthe

throughout the Church during 1940 is members observing the Word of Wisdom as should assure themselves that he has to be made by the Presiding Bishopric. shown by the annual report of the bishop of fulfilled these requirements. No one

The success of this plan for encouraging the ward. should be ordained to any office in the

quorum members to reach high stand- 6. Have seventyfive per cent or more of Priesthood who does not understand

ards in the conduct of quorum work the members who earn money during the the duties and responsibilities thereof tithing, as the annual year on shown pay activities the influenced dehasand for Association course Primary The of the report of the ward. bishop

thiscision major one of the to make designed eleven to twelve is from fifty boys or cent per more members 7. Have

projects for Aaronic Priesthood during participate in two or more quorum service to assist in this preparation for the the coming year. On this page are projects. Priesthood. Closer cooperation is

printed the requirements for the Standurged between the supervisor of Deaunquestion-ard which Award, Quorum class the leaders of the cons Guide and PLACED ON FOUR of are within the reach every quoEMPHASISably in Association. the Primary While PRIESTHOOD AARONIC the in Church.rum assist in the Associations the Primary FOR 1940 PROJECTS

Reports from quorums which have preparation of boys for ordination, the received the Standard Award are so Ctake and Ward Aaronic Priesthood responsibility still rests with the bishencouraging and the results so stimuQuorum Supervision, the Aaronic opric and supervisors.

Plan, Gathering Extension Priesthood is effortlating that to be an made to is satisfied that the bishopric When Fast Offering by Deacons, officers in ofinterest the stake and ward the receive to and the the is prepared candidate Program Priesthood Aaronic Adult throughPriesthood of Aaroniccharge his subPriesthood, be name should emphasis given special are to be the to undertakeout the Church of the Saints congregation to the during mitted

Standard Quorum Award program at 1940 by the Presiding Bishopric. Unfor approval.

the beginning of the year. As the acder plans now being developed, refour these attention to for special queststivities for in the Standard provided PREPARATION REQUIREMENTS stake to every will projects be carried all the include major AwardQuorum OF PRIESTHOOD THE AARONIC projects, four These in the Church. motiactivities the members, of quorum

vation of this program will increase including as they do practically every 1. A boy must be twelve years of age or

activity in every department. Standard phase of Aaronic Priesthood activity, over.

2. baptized must coahave been and in the He stress special given to are be substanduring a 1939 showQuorums

c. fiimed of the of Jesus Church member of larger percentage that a much hope intial of 1938, but increase view over Christ Saints. of Latterday reached be Priesthood the may Aaronic helpfulness encouragementthe and

3. Articles the should of Faith know He special this plan. Through through the to reachgiven members to quorum in able his explain to be each and own constake with in connection programs set Presiding Bishopric thestandards by words.

of Improve the ferences, columns The this to carried benefits are plan of bethe 4. the of story should Aaron know He bulletins, operaspecial Era, and ment if possible.to every quorum the Bible, restorathe of the story from and unplans, not four where of the tion tion the of in the Priesthood these days. Aaronic been Requests by have made

explained, and every will be at that of derstood, BishopricPresiding the end possible effort be made to have the of Stake each means5. Heandshouldshow respectknow andwhatreverencePriesthoodfor year memberseach wholeaccepted these programs those it hold who visit of Priesthood CommitteeAaronic

in in and stake heartedly every ward should be able to open or close a records of each ward, check theeach 6. He

quorum, and then certify the result to the Church. meeting with prayer.

the Presiding Bishopric where any With the indication that 1939 reports 7. He should know something about the

quorum has complied with the requirewill show one of the most favorable Word of Wisdom and be living it.

ments of the Standard Quorum Award. records in recent years in Aaronic 8. He should know the names of the

The Award, with suitable letters of Priesthood activity, it is believed that General Authorities of the Church, and the commendation, will be sent to stake a still better record can be made in officers of his own stake and ward.

officers for presentation, preferably in 1940. The special emphasis in each 9. He should know something about the

the Stake Priesthood meeting or in conof the programs will be given through law of tithing and be a tithepayer.

nection with the Stake Conference. The activity and the encouragement of

Priestof the Aaronic every member directly to presidents areawards made DUTIES OF AARONIC extent fullest participate the to to hood all in stakesof quorums some and PRIESTHOOD in he is with which every program called of are to the quorumsmembers guide to bishoprics and quorum Asa is presentationstand when the made. associated. "** supervisors, this list of duties of the for the StandardRequirements Quorum

Award are printed herewith: TRAINING FOR THE three offices of the Aaronic Priesthood

PRIESTHOOD is suggested:

importance training of of proper HThe STANDARDTHE QUORUM AWARD receiving Priestbefore the MAY DO: WHAT PRIESTS A boys

is one quorum where A standard overestimated. cannot be the hood For Administer the Sacramentfollowing standards met: been have

1. Set up and follow a yearly quorum some months previous to the time when Baptize under the direction of the bishopric

meeting program in accordance with the a person is selected for ordination to Ordain other Priests, Teachers, and Deacons recommendations of the Presiding Bishopric. an office in the Aaronic Priesthood, {Continued on page 42)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940 to harvest the potatoes, fortyeight men the day the entire crop was dug and

Aaronic Priesthood and boys responding. Two tractor stored in a potato cellar. Pictures

(Continued /rom page 41) potato diggers, one horsedrawn digger on this page indicate the extent of acand two trucks were donated. During tivity in this very successful project.

Train Teachers and Deacons in their duties

Officiate in Sacramental meetings

Speak in Church meetings teacher as a wardAct or Sunday School officer WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW I. A. M.Y. M.

or teacher A member of a ward choir special Saints with of theVisit the homes liquor relegalized the revealed, being OF LIQUOR now CLAIMS TAX messages an traffic is becoming in the United States MISLEADING INTERESTS to members quorum encourageVisit and in reducing factor increasingly damaging meetings attend millions of homes of the purchasing power highpressured the that "pVECLARiNG fast in meeting testimonyBear exthe naturally diminishing thereby and traffic, liquor the of ** sales program for a missionPrepare retail which trade the of expansion pected andollars billions of diverting in the temples for now the dead baptizedBe the during severely suffered so already has seribusiness, was other occasion from requires nually Elder theAssist when recession. depression of years and

Help the bishopric with careless boys ously retarding return to industrial the views agrees with Foundation The buildings in the care of ChurchAssist of prosperity, M. Johnson, Mr. Henry

the of Adof members and Babson Roger of the President Louisville, Kentucky, other to that than any Council, visory more TEACHERS MAYWHAT Research Men's Business DO: American is great traffic factor, a liquor single the

Preside over the Teachers'quorum Foundation, today announced that the contributing cause of unemployment.

the Sacrament Prepare year the coming for plans table organization the throughout business Thoughtful men at baptisms Assist of surveys farreaching of a series that clearly to see are beginning country teacher as wardAct in various menace increasing liquor's redollars billion or a even $500,000,000 meetings in Sacrament Speak activity, business fields American of taxes local State, Federal, and ceived from the in School Officer Sunday

Be baptized for the dead in Temples including insurance, automobile, propdo not by any means amount to more than a

Act as usher at ward meetings erty values and rentals, residential confraction of what the traffic is costing inMessenger for the bishopric struction and employment. dustry and the people as a whole in money

Visit delinquent quorum members diverted from legitimate channels, and in

Assist in caring for meetinghouse Said Mr. Johnson: public demands and requirements for dealrelief destitution, disease and crime with

largely caused by drink.WHAT DEACONS MAY DO: theBusinessfact thatmenmuchare becomingof the fifteenarousedbillionover ing

divertbeen have ($15,000,000,000) dollars the Deacons'Preside quorum over the people's take out of brewers The in retail merchants of the income occasion ed from the Teacher Assist when Ward dollars (eight than pockets $8.50 more during luxuries wholesome necessaries and requires

) fifty for dollar cents of tax every and the relegalof as a result years five the past Supper of the Lord's the Sacrament Pass

Visit neglectful quorum members ized liquor traffic's program of sales solicithey pay the government. (The total

Assist ushers tation. beer tax paid the United States governofferings fast Collect the in 1938 was $273,192,458.29; rement has stated that he in preparing Assist and caring for the Mr. Johnson inretail receipts of the brewing gross the for meetinghouse. wide commendation ceived

Foundation's recent studies on the part dustry in the same year were approxiSOUTH DAVIS STAKE now being played by alcohol in the inmately $2,156,574,960.)

DEVELOPS SPLENDID surance field.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD DECLO WARD, BURLEY STAKE, HARVESTING

CHORUS Asserted Mr. Johnson: 100,000 POUNDS OF POTATOES IN PRIESTHOOD

Tnder the direction of C. H. Blake, On the basis of purely factual records WELFARE PROJECT.

*-* an Aaronic Priesthood chorus of seventyfive members has been organized in South Davis Stake. This

group recently furnished the music for the stake conference and won wide acclaim by their excellent work.

DECLO WARD CONDUCTS SUCCESSFUL POTATO PROJECT P\eclo Ward of Burley Stake has *- just completed a very successful potato project in connection with the

Church Welfare plan. Under the direction of Earl C. Osterhout, a member

of the adult Aaronic Priesthood, four acres were planted with potatoes, the crop yielding one thousand bags of one hundred pounds each. The seed

was donated and the members of the

Aaronic Priesthood did all of the irrigating, cultivating, and harvesting of the crop. A number of members of the

adult Aaronic Priesthood participated in the project.

On October 7th, the call was made

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

The Teacher is not appointed by any public body. He goes with the authority of the Holy Priesthood and

LOYALTY thehim blessingto labor. ofHehishasbrethrenthe rightwhoto teach,called

f\NE of the most desirable and ennobling traits of character is loyalty. The preach, expound, exhort, and it is his

-* person in whose life loyalty has been made a cherished virtue is forspecial duty. He has been specially

tunate indeed. commissioned to watch over the

Loyalty, too frequently, has been associated only with respect to the Church, to be with it, strengthen it, nation or the country in which a person lives. Considered as a broad and see that there is no iniquity, and

general principle it includes far more than that. particularly to see that the members

Loyalty to our Father in Heaven should be the beginning point. Surely of the Church meet together often and

every Latterday Saint understands that our first obligation is to our Credo their duty. Meeting together often

ator and that loyalty to Him is expected of us all. means to attend the Sacramental meetLoyalty to the Church and its teachings should be, and logically is, ing. Because such a great responsibility

closely associated with loyalty to the Lord. One follows the other in has been placed upon the teacher he

natural sequence. should be above small gossip. He should

Loyalty to those whom the Lord has appointed to preside over us in the be wholesome and clean in his habits,

Church, in the stake and in the ward, is essential to our own progress and free from the sins of the world, and the progress of the Church. a doer of the word. It is an honor to

Loyalty to our own ideals and standards will, of course, include loyalty be a Ward Teacher. He is a shepherd

to all to whom loyalty is due, and should form the basis of all expressions over the flock of Christ, and the bishof this souldeveloping characteristic. op has placed upon him the duty of

Loyalty to our friends and associates, to our families, to employers, strengthening the members of the and to others whose relationships with us entitle them to our allegiance Church.

will be a matter of course if we have thoroughly established in our lives Before the Teachers go out to visit the priceless practice of loyalty to our own ideals and standards. the homes of the Saints, they should

Loyalty to country, the most frequently associated with considerahave a word or two of prayer in setions and discussions of this indication of faithful devotion, will follow cret, asking the blessings of the Lord only if and when we have established loyalty to our own ideals and standupon their prospective labors. The

ards as a definite guide in our lives. Teacher should measure his success

People depart from the paths of virtue and right living, only when by the good impression that is left in they disregard their own standards. People become untrue to Church, the home. This can be done by tactful

country, employers, and friends only when they lay aside their own coninquiry, faithpromoting talks, and pervictions of right and wrong. sonal sympathy for those who may be

As long as any Latterday Saint remembers his own ideals and standunfortunate. The message given to him

ards and follows them religiously the question of loyalty to all to whom by the bishop should be presented, this loyalty is due, including our Father in Heaven, to whom our first devotion to be followed by such counsel and should be given, will never arise. advice as the spirit of the Lord may

Loyalty is a glorious virtue. In all that it implies, it should be a guiddictate.

ing principle in the life of every Latterday Saint. Each pair of Teachers should give

particular attention to the indifferent boys and girls, to neglectful families,

A GUIDE TO WARD TEACHING people of the world. No greater good and by kindness, sincerity, love, and

to than imcan any be done by man try sympathy, to them. encourage is teacher's to duty watchThe of into hearts plant both young the should himexamine Teacher Every always, the be over Church and of of the Jesus Gospel old love and a if is self teach; see to prepared he and that strengthen them;with see and and

is It special Christ. a inquire of the himself concerning privilege—the is in iniquitythere the Church, no

is to preferable "privilege"word for his strength his of testimony, love other, neither with hardness each Priests the and ordained his his fellowmen, willingness to be "duty"—for evil lying,neither backbiting, nor

dithe to labor as has Teachers Lord of service, buried he whether has thatspeaking; the see Church And rected, brethren also our mature who suffered than he rather has wrongs that often, also see togethermeet and in to labor the higher Priesthood hold talk Particularly should about them.all their the do members duty—And also. calling office of that and Many the that testimony Teacher a have Jesus is all his in assisted to always, dube sent returned misbishops our have is his Christ that and Joseph Redeemer if inties occadeacons, the Church by lasionaries, to both women, men and is a Smith of prophet God. Without requires."sion

lost their those have bor with who best. his testimonies these cannot he do

As a result of that marvelous revefirst love for the Gospel. In visiting homes the length of the

lation, part of which was given on the The Church of Jesus Christ is so visit and the time of the visit should day the Church was organized, there organized that every member, both be carefully considered by the Teachhas grown one of the great movements male and female, has the privilege of ers. Too short a visit may not result

of this Church. Approximately 22,000 contributing of his individual service in good; too long a visit may result in

of our brethren holding the Priesthood in some office or calling to the success harm. If one good thought can be exare carrying out to the best of their of the Church. This is essentially a pressed and implanted in the hearts of

ability, the instructions of the Lord Church of service. the members of the family, good has

contained in the quotation just made. No organization can replace that of been done. If after the Teacher has

One writer said that teaching is the the Ward Teachers. No organization left, the family continues the conversagreatest art in the world and upon can do more good in the family and tion the Teacher may count his visit a

proper teaching of the fundamentals home life of the Latterday Saints than success.

of life rests the development of the the Ward Teachers. (To be Continued)

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH. JOHN A. WIDTSOE. HAROLD J. KIRBY.

Secretary. Assistant President and Treasurer.

A. WILLIAM MYERS, LUND. L. GARRETT CHRISTENSON, FOSEPH M. KIRKHAM. Treasurer JAMES Assistant and President. Vice Superintendent Bureau of Research E. PETERSEN. MARK

HILL, ELLEN F. BENNETT.ARCHIBALD

Librarian. Assistant Secretary and Librarian. Directors.

YOUR OWN RESEARCH The Eternal Organization of Famand entered upon these records. Hence

PROBLEM ilies. President Brigham Young once it becomes the sacred duty of each

gave this clearcut description of the recordmaker to prepare only such recworld today over the A ll will there is an organization of families in the Celestial ords as are absolutely true—that ** in genealogical interest increased test of scrutiny stand every Kingdom and critirecords. Are the members of our I will first set in order the true order of cism. In his search he will encounter

Church responding to that same urge the Kingdom of God and how the families many printed genealogies that are erall will the hereafter Kingbe organized. In after their to seek dead? in children omitroneous; are a family

that find there will the of doms World you the children are ted; other assigned to of importance The all will each individual's will King, only be govbe one and

having a complete and acceptable recerned as one family. Every man will prewrong parents; wives are given to husord of his family and ancestors has been side over his own family. bands they never married or to parents

emphasized by all the leaders of our The order of redeeming our relatives that were not their father and mother.

Church since the time of the Prophet originated in the Kingdom of Heaven. Most frequently published records will

is rule If to permitted as grandfather a found omitting incomplete, woefully be the of Smith. leaders Early Joseph

the posterity, his Priest over and King and essential vital in rich lacking data, and responsibility defined and ourChurch Priests raised posterity as are Kings and up historical the that experiences bring for earnest appeals all membersmade posterity, their grandfato rule our over history. of life to family glow warm rec- a correct complete and to make call host. together thers a numerous would

ord of their genealogies. They also I will show you the order of the Kingdom With our larger understanding of the

gave us a very definite idea of the eteras regards my own family; one of my sons purpose of research, and through a

nal organization of families. is placed here, another there, another there, comprehension of the imperative need

and so on. Yet I shall be their ruler, savior, for true records, we must be satisfied

To guide all Church members in their dictator, and governor. They will have an with nothing short of the full truth.

join in all will posterity, but innumerable research present our and temple work, Instructions Official on Research and console, with harmony my counsel. similarlyleaders instrucgiven have instructions govTemple Work. The all. your advise and comfort, them and I Youshalltion these governing in our duties materning research of the preparing and unto administer rise will children and up ters. for temple names will rule under your over which work we and you your children,

tens, into get posterity, they operate, up and these: are may now Prayer the Research. True for At A

all millions. Yet and thousands, hundreds, Saltdedication the of Temple, Lake first responsibility in research of The each the will be finally join with will who Adam 6, April President 1893, Wilford is to person out seek the and temple do work under he all Christ and God (under of King uttered for the the eloquentWoodruff of family a his most members groups of

; next; Seth comes Father) Seth the Eternal

line. direct patriarchal line male or Thisdedicatory prayer, the from which all (his posover father his and rules under

his of fathers or the include family wouldfollowing selected, are typias words; end. will this never process terity) so

families his father, his of father's father, the ofcal of Heavis of should the the constant Kingdom order what be the This his father of father, father's back. and so on and rise as Kings should up that en, in theprayer of heart men true every genin addition person should research do A posterity have must of Priests God.ealogist in We the Church: for the temple and family groups work HisGenealogical and over. ( rule to Utah O thou God of our fathers, Abraham, torical Magazine, 11:106113.) any of his other progenitors (such as thoseof

Isaac, and all thee with Jacob, we thank the Our Individual Responsibility. In ofwhosehis namesmother,appearhis mother'son his pedigreemother, chart.etc.)fervor of overflowing gratitude that Thou

hast revealed the powers by which the hearts order for each person to reach this high If any one of these progenitors, male or feof the children are being turned to their exaltation in the Celestial Kingdom and male, married more than once, a separate fathers and the hearts of the fathers to the become "perfect,"he must be connected family group record should be made for evthe in progenitor ery marriage of everychildren, that their the all sons of in men, Priesthood of the sealing powers the by pedigree.generations, partakers be can of the made dead, are progenitors all his with who

if stillglories the joys and of of further privileged, heaven. are kingdom Individuals sealing connected by be likewise and spirit the Elijah,Confirm record us to seek to of upon out choose and they do so, we genlast the to all posterity his with that Thee, thepray thus of of the any family our redeem descendants groups we may

dead and also connect ourselves with our eration that lives upon the earth. one of their direct ancestors. Thus, since

fathers who have passed behind the veil, and Hence, it becomes our clear duty to your uncle is a son of your grandfather or furthermore seal up our dead to come forth trace back the records of the families grandmother, you may do temple work for in the first resurrection, that we who dwell of each of our forefathers, and to comhis family, and for any groups descended to earth direct is this dwell those be boundon not your him. may who from While of record correct pile complete and a

...in is heaven. ancestral the outside responsibility, and deof our of one every family the

it is the famof permitted chain, because yet hast as inclined to hearts our in child Thou And famevery scendants. Every

it is to vital relationship; ily because and progenitors, outsearch our pray Thee we identified, ily sought out and be must that future done grandfather's be work your this wilt desire inthat increase our Thou the missing shall be when one not and reality in all are his descendants. for You this in that in aid thebosoms, may we way

if is direct complete. in record his behalf. However, working us, Bless ofaccomplishment work. Thy

the in Church, this are uncle of descendants Records. Correct and Complete We labors, that in pray our Thee, maywe we first right the temple to do the have they the records are that upon are "as taught fall in geneerrors into preparing ournot line. it direct is their The because work are out, truly so are that earth made furthermore, toalogies; ask and Thee we is if their dehelp assist them others may organiin the Heaven."records The information, of before avenues usopen new with closely cooperate sired, but must they

and place in our hands the records of the zation of our families in Heaven is diand work under the direction of those who past, that our work may not only be correct rectly dependent upon the records of are of lineal descent. ( October, 1 932, Utah

but complete also. ( The House of the Lord, these families which we compile here Genealogical and Historical Magazine, pp.

pp. 164165.) upon earth, and the temple work done 160161.)

"5Tli iff W togg TRACY Y. CANNON, MARVIN O. ASHTON

Chairman GENERAL CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE FRANKMATILDAW.W.ASPERCAHOON

D. SPENCER PYPER. CORNWALL GEORGE

First Vice M. DURHAM Chairman and Treasurer General Offices General Church J.ALFRED

LE ROY J. ROBERTSON. Music Committee LESTERGERRIT DEHINCHCLIFFJONG, JR.

Second Vice Chairman 50 NORTH MAIN STREET, JANETD. STERLINGM. THOMPSONWHEELWRIGHT

N. LORENZO MITCHELL. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ALEXANDER SCHREINER

Secretary FREDA JENSEN

CONFIDENCE IN CHOIR fully, going over every part separately ceived from presidents of stakes, bishCONDUCTING and knowing every place that might ops, and students by the General Music

By Dr. Frank W. Asper present difficulty. The parts of a numCommittee of the Church.

ber are not all equally hard. Those It has long been recognized by promichoir director has his the ward/\NCE together should are which be noted, in that music musicians nent Church

enthusisingers difficult all organized, intervals, *-'chorus enwith awkward be imshould services our Church astic, accompanist willing and helpful, trances, hard vowels in extreme ranges, proved in its appropriateness, quality, and bishopric supporting in every way, clumsy diction, changes to other keys, and performance. As a first step in

the quickest way to spoil the group and etc. Then the number should be gone accomplishing such objectives, training

make them disinterested is for him to over with the organist at the prelimof choral leaders and organists was display a lack of confidence in himself. inary meeting and accompaniment notbegun in the fall of 1935. An approHow many times have we attended ed where the motion of either instrupriation by the First Presidency was

meetings where Utopian ideas, promment or voices stops, where it might generously made and the McCune ises utterly impossible of fulfillment, be necessary to bolster the choir with School of Music and Art was commishave been set forth and accorded the a louder accompaniment to prevent sioned to carry forward the teaching.

enthusiastic endorsement of everyone sagging pitch, in what way the accomTeachers of high attainment were enpresent, the speakers offering them paniment might be different from the gaged and teaching centers were estabbeing loudly applauded. This enthuvoice parts, just how much the organ lished in various sections of the Church.

thesiasm because in difficult modulations, speaker helps comes about and gave bishops and Stake presidents lias in himself, confidence confidence a in tempo. occur where changes exceedingly an excellent support and

ordinarily others convinceswhich who resulted. the all of this expansion work rapid the study with and With his accepting think of evenwould ending period the twelvemonth the get advice can management, he on For of recordideas. no any have notWe enstudents still 1, 1,745 1939, unless director he succeed September cannot

in history has leader evergreat who 1,083 organists rolled; a and enthusiasm 662 has boundless sound and were while anythingaccomplished worth four years thing. is right past the belief the that choristers. doing he During say, confidence. Quakerswithout The registhat than he be 5,000 imply not does must This been there have more his doing puts mind one on"Whatever

all the that Rather, indications arrogant. falsely are trations. or proud The to, will that his sets heart hewell and will this exceed experience should year's enrollment and knowledge coming

do well."for every give year. reasons properly previous him that of any

It is that conthe necessary always suggestion. correction can one and No for both given courses are Two beductor a muharmony, good know justly unless leader called has he a be firstyear organists, a choristers andsician, regular, genuinely prompt, and right the faith in himself and knows consisting twentyfour hours of course this will sincere. notcapable But and right time. at thing to the This do sessions, class instruction with weekly if confisuccessful lacks hemake him for humility, one not preclude need like duraof course secondyear and a all in the thedence, musicianship and mind, progress without open cannot an in taught are tion. organists The leader. will not aworld him Not make without humble cannot be and one in choristers the of ten and groups expects,only he must he what know store his to trying constantly expand prinof Fundamental twenty. groups confidence alsobut and he must have greatest of of our knowledge. Some beating of time ciples the of technique is his that the forreasons knowing way it said often leaders, to has been whom in the stressed are touch organ and deright often very way. Knowledge "It done,"succeeded have cannot be is first interpretation emphacourse and itself, confidence butvelops some by this has confidence. because of One conclusion in the second. the sized At is pitiful nothing directorthere as as a to leaders to at only our look Church certificates atof course, the second ofin his position something demanding this confident, out. are see borne They are tendance awarded. isthat unreasonable, or demanding is althat realize also there but they

nothing at all. One often hears leaders ways something to be learned. Although the training courses are

say, "Now let's sing that again,"giving only four years old, definite results are hint orno reason whereby it may rendition. theimproved But second on be CHURCH MUSIC STEPS UP becomingapparent. consciousStake andofwardthe spiritualizingofficials are

if he has confidence in his knowledge By Tracy Y, Cannon power of good music. Students are

it will in suggesthe consciousness which enlarged developing ways many an valthat great a and you know (iir\o field choircan improved. be musical of the members the vastness of of Our

service rendered has been uable to are working,want they dexterity gaining know as expression why well as

President C. stake?"our wrote Johnfor to the progress, they wish wise inand in its techniques. fundamental An courses the music Todd, commenting onleader will in point to out is them interest ways in music creased Church

choristers organists for had which and this turnswhich done. This be may are choirs apparent; everywhere new

in recently Gridley conducted beenus to again the necessity of back prepbeing being organized; organs are pipe

in that the Stake. music wards "Ouraration. is installed. era musical dawnnew A participated one has have improved

first that step, ing in the Church. expect to a eager group The be Never cent,"per President hundred continued leadership, taken. trainingto of has been sort to that rehearsal of any come sacred Todd. have good now "We in will followhas developments not carefully planned. Other been Choir music, well directed played."and

is for succession, destined rapid music resent togethermembers coming and singing for no purpose whatever. First, President Todd's comment is typical to contribute more and more to the adthe leader must study the music careof many others which have been revancement of the Kingdom of God.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

MAIN STREET NORTH Y. M. M. Y. M. W. CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH GEORGE LUCY GRANT CANNONI. A.

Offices S. TOSEPH J. M. I. A. Y. W. Q.CANNONMORRISI. A. General50 WILLIAMS HELEN

BURTON OSCAR K.A.FARNSWORTHKIRKHAM, SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE CITY,BUILDINGUTAH CLARISSAVERNA W.A. GODDARDBEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send M Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

May you find even greater joy leading these highspirited Junior Girls during 1940!

From the field we have received the Marba C. Josephson,S%(UfU&Uchairman; Lucile T. Buehner, following reports of successful activiBOISE STAKE M MENGLEANER Emily H. Bennett, Angelyn Warnick. ties:

GIRL YOUTH CONFERENCE 'T'he Junior Committee members sinHOLLADAY WARD, cerely wish all Junior leaders everyCOTTONWOOD STAKE

Reported by Florence Flicker where a Happy New Year! We hope The Junior Girls of the Holladay Ward,

Stake Gleaner Girl Historian also that you have found genuine joy Cottonwood Stake, had a successful, fourparty. course progressive and Games in association your with the Junior Boise Gleaner Stake andHpHE Men M other furnished each with amusements were Girls in this teaching year's and work. their third successful conducted * Girls course. clever hunt very scavenger A

2, your lesson For 1940, January on annual Youth Conference 4 and November last the the before party course concluded 5 at Boise, Idaho. The theme of the conMy Story, Lest I Forget, we recommend was eaten.

ference was "A Friend's Need Is Our Opthat leaders read at least part of the All the girls had a wonderful time and portunity."This conference was under the delightfully edited copy of a young are eager to make this M. I. A. year their

direction of stake Minson, Miss Grace best. girl's journal, and after Maud. you biggest And

president Gleaner and Thompson, that have read book, that will know BAKER STAKE WARD, UNION acting president of the organization, MRussellMen girls like to that they do write—andyou like the assisted officers to stake the other progress ouir report the I would and by

Boise stake wards. They were supervised write most delightfully. You will also Juniors are making in Baker Ward. For

by Mrs. Saramae Landers, stake Gleaner know that some of the things which our question box this year we asked ara

adviser, and Amos Belnap, stake M Men they write must be safely guarded from Explorer to build a model airplane with a supervisor. prying eyes. You leaders will then compartment into which the guestions are

to supplies, dropped. order In queshave suggest that sheets of the some which in night the stake Saturday

tion will box, they where be handy, had we are personal very to the closed be may six the for Boise an met wards Mentabernacle,M built sufficiently small a large chest enough first public of use transparent Girl the of the general dance, event by theGleaner to supplies. the hold plane chest and The intermissionconference. the a lovely tape. At mending

is left in the Juniors'can room and be floor act, featuring juvenile show, a "Bicycle

Built for Two,"novelty songs by a Gleaner On January 9, following the cultural locked.

is rule sort in of a listed the among* have made drama, work another We interpretativeGirl, Caprice, a and Waltz if girls the their that dues, they Mutual pay cultural lesson, for "Dial Music."Girl, enjoyed a Gleaner bydance by was We

start their and they Story"books "My all feel that Juniors should large group. be allowed equippeda was room A game

entitled are to a will pin for be paid whichfor dance. those care to not did sing their in The class sessions. frequently who

from sale. they from a candy made money guests outof-townpeople were wards from also that they should be know toWe that Otherwise which would money buy ofin Gleaners. Boise and homes Men in M educated music. lesson This good their pins will to their This, dues. go pay

At noon Sunday the stake officers with is merely an introduction to music apseems to be working out successfully, and their advisers and the president and superpreciation which we hope both leaders we hope that soon every girl will have intendent of the stake M. I. A. met for a and Juniors will continue to stress durpaid her dues and be wearing a Junior pin.

luncheon at the Hotel Boise, honoring Lucy ing the rest of the year. The girls are making their books someof the President I. A. Cannon, M.G. this coversdifferently Y. W. the year. what For

16, January Book On "A entire fromof Church, the had come who are (looseleaf) they using notebook any is ate"to the lesson considered. be conference. the attend toSalt Lake Is a FrigWe it they have, are covering and with may

as direct to need before never young cloth. front the they monk's cover Upon the First in that afternoon twothirty At in their selection persons reading. of frienddesign (expressing embroider love, a held testimonial chapel, stake a wasWard

girl at ship are rate published virtue other the or books each as some When Beautiful organfor Gleaners. and Men M a> desires), the Story,"words and in thirty of the States a over "My United day solo a soprano numbers,music, chorus and crossstitch. (their rose in symbol), each alone, set as leaders must standards we talks Friendship followedwere by at in both spare them on work They home will help wisely. which choose them Gleaner representative and a Iby their class, Man during bemoments and and twoM find healing as can poison well as One to the lieve time to theyGirl. of their are going open remainder was enjoy books The in leaders books. Junior and can The even their Sister see more they accompeople. when the oftestimonies young

other agencies should with cooperate plishment. contents the are of books The the entire group with aCannon thrilled influencing in their regions are the who before, the the division sheets with same asbeautiful testimony.

Girls. topic, teachreading separating School the each of Junior pedigree and and

Following the testimonial a reception ers and librarians will welcome the oppicture pedigree charts. 1

made possible the renewing of friendships portunity to discuss this situation and We are now beginning to work on the and the introduction of new friends. will undoubtedly offer valuable suggesplay the Juniors are to present next month.

The concluding session, attended by four tions for elevating the general reading hundred and seven people, was held on Sunlevel.

at seventhirty. evening Anday also that the Question hope Box We

the the ideals of depictedtableau consistently dewflfck in the being effectiveM Men is used and Gleaner programs. Sister Cannon was partments. This is the opportunity for Ileen Ann Waspe, chairman; Ethel S. Anderson,

Bertha Wells, evening. Lucy T. N. K. Tingey, of the speaker guestthe to the girls

Andersen, Minnie C. Larsen, E. Anderson. Ann

vitally are of Brother Belnap, they fireside at the home ask thoseconcerned—andquestions in whichwhich Margaret A

stake M Men leader, followed the evening they are sometimes embarrassed to ask /\ur Jubilee year continues its joyous.service and was attended by the stake Muwhen everyone knows who has asked progress with the Sunday eveningtual board in compliment to Sister Cannon. them. service to be held the first Sunday or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 19 40

March. Details for this event will be

found in the Manual for Executives, page 82. Contact your M. I. A. presidency now to be sure that evening is

left open for our BeeHive program.

Work with them in planning an outstanding evening service. Begin preparation early; assign the various parts

to the best talent and personalities available; rehearse all speeches, the

procession, songs, and choral reading to such an extent that the service will run smoothly and portray our message in an effective manner. You will

note that each department is to contribute some message honoring our

BeeHive organization. Use every

possible means to be sure that all the members of your ward are specially invited to this service so that you will have a splendid attendance. A general announcement will not be enough;

personal contact by BeeHive Girls and

BeeKeepers themselves will be necessary.We know you are conducting many

unusual activities in our Silver Jubilee celebration, and it would be a mistake to let them slip by without publicity.

Have you or your girls contributed any items to our Jubilee Jottings? The Des

eret News has given us half a page in each Saturday issue. We should like

pictures, poems, and newsy writeups of BeeHive activities in your ward or stake. When submitting pictures be TOP: SOUTH INDIANA DISTRICT CONsure the prints are clear, that names of FERENCE.

stake participating and withthose ward that back, andare printed on the they HUNTINGTONLEFT: MARIEBEACH,RAMPTON,CALIF. QUEEN OF

in participating girls actuallyportray

HUNTMATHEWS, BARBARA RIGHT: activities, taking them rather than just CHAMPION. BEACH, SWIMMING NGTON in rows or in too formal positions. We

should also like you to send an account of the event with the pictures. We

should be happy to have you submit poems on our Jubilee year written by of the beauty contest are prominent the girls or BeeKeepers. However, people well qualified for such judging.

before sending them or any other maThe girls who are chosen as queen and terial in, please go over the script ments and adventures of our Jubilee winner of the bathingbeauty contest carefully to see that it is up to a standyear are worthy of being spread far are highly honored, and the field of conard worthy of publication and of our and wide through the medium of welltestants is large.

BeeHive work. In many cases you planned publicity. Let's not fail to This year both of the winners were

might encourage the girls to spend more take advantage of every opportunity. Latterday Saint girls. Miss Marie

queen chosen eighteen, was until improving the Rampton, themtime of to the last, one have left on them, We as almost twice of the celebration by efforts. their very best most our important ofthey represent announcements

competitor. nearest as her votes for celebration. should the Jubilee newspaper writeups a new manyThe We have

of her girl is a lovely who gives Marie prooutline of the Jubilee us just Song! Sparklingnot give happiwith an

gram and participants, but should give ness, silvery words, and catchy music, services freely. She was secretary of

sufficient details to be stimulating, init will lend itself to all your programs our Sunday School for nine months, and teresting,—so that colorful,the readerand canaliveseewithandactionfeel them.and bringSend addedfor yourlifecopyandatgaietyonce. toIt wasorganist.releasedShe tois takea hightheschoolpositiongraduof

the real spirit of the occasion. The is to be used for the first time at the ate and plans to enter junior college

responsibility of making Jubilee Jottings Sunday evening service in March. this fall. While in high school she was

a success depends on each individual active in all school activities, and took

BeeKeeper throughout the Church. LATTERDAY SAINT the lead in the Senior play, and others

Let us share the thrills of our successful GIRLS WINNERS throughout her school work.

of sixteen, winner the Mathews, Barbara columns. through newspaperevents By Marian Nicholson

is contest, a senior bathingbeauty the for publication be shouldYour items sent to the General BeeHive Commit- "pOR the past thirtyfive years the in our high school. She has been an

tee, 33 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce of Huntingactive Mutual worker, taking part in

City, Utah. ton Beach, California, has put on a the Christmas play and other affairs of

In addition to our column in the Fourth of July Celebration. This event her group. Barbara loves all kinds of

Deseret News, you will want to contact is now looked upon as one of the wholesome sport. Barbara spends her

your local newspapers and get all the largest and best celebrations in Southspare time helping her widowed mother publicity you can in your own vicinity. ern California. Each year a queen is run the Huntington Inn.

You may appoint special news reportchosen by popular vote to reign over The people of our community are ers for this purpose. The accomplishthe fourday celebration. The judges proud of these girls.

Beehive (L OJsfdduoidsL fi/wq/ucufL

Fox, former president I. A.; of Y. W. M. there may be girls come glowing tributes to the good withRuthher Maydaughter, FlorenceWherever THREE GENERATIONS OF BEEKEEPERS grandand Fox McKay;

from the ages of twelve to that BeeHive work has accomdaughter, Kathryn McKay.

fourteen, the BeeHive proplished. From the Norwegian Mishave been given wonderful promises, and

gram has its place. In every country sion, the BeeKeeper, Helen Saeif we are able to live it as it should be

where stakes and missions of the trum, sends this greeting: lived, love our brothers and sisters, and try

to live the laws to best ordinances and theChurch have established, been the Girls Oslo BeeHive have a very had of ability, our the will spare Lord us many year. girls the All busy of are workingBeeHive program has answered a of difficulties, the tribulations sorrows, and hard they enthusiand an unbeatable havedefinite for girls'the activity. need that will the are come missionaries when asm. are their but not attendThey many

called left in home, Foremost and the are alone. standing ranks of those we has ance percent. been hundred one

it is must that remember himmankind We havewho espoused the the In past our BeeHive year has been work in self all created has of the confusion who first instruction aid sister and is in a from thecause Ruth Fox, former genMay suffering the and in for the today, world Sanitary department, Oslo and now weeral president of the is if Young love desire and God love His and Womwe first a have of complete set aid necessities protectionen's must the price of obewe pay Mutual Improvement Associamaterials. and instrucalso have had We dience.tion. forceful So tion in her child that was girl example care so every can be

that her daughters and grandable to take good care of a newborn baby, From the Japanese Mission this all and to collected that have wedaughters have active become is 'T'he their voice enthusiJapanese for in this needed infant received an and have anstimulating program. says: She infant in the form a doll that of baby for the asm was BeeHive program

donation girls. a of of the one a the of As member General of through Board following the testimonies:

, successful very evening of entertain- I.the it Y. A A. M. imperative W. was that Hilo District The the Girls of BeeHive held the ment proceeds to the wasI and went understand BeeHive this work. end To Japanese Mission has since organized been for girls. fund for the uniformsI Besides read articles in the BeeKeeper's book, of 1939. separate have May two BeeWe this there has deal great a beenfilled done of cells, earned and the as awards did organizations Hive with of enrollment an the from work book. BeeHive girls.the

girls twentyone all in classes; are both another,"the "Love one were of words daughter Florence [Florence My Fox of the nonmembers Church. Christ lived the earth. on when HeMcKay] a was BeeHive its student from class In the teach the girls the work we often these hear do spoken words weinception, How but soon afterwards she was of love for their a love and fellow God men to in us times, these look and now whencalled we into stake to this supervise work part also and followed the BeeHive it little is us around see into put we howof the program. In order to keep with up feel manual. girls that the receive Wehave practice. as Latterday Saints havethe filled cells We she work and earned awards. much development the through BeeHive advantages our over fellowmen. many thatAlthough We is ago, years was she many

still enthusiastic about BeeHive work. who have accepted the Gospel of Christ NORWEGIAN MISSION BEEHIVE GROUP

My granddauqhter, Kathryn [McKay], is a Gatherer of Honey. When asked what

particular part of BeeHive work she most preferred, she answered, "I like it all,"but after consideration she said that perhaps she was partial to the fields of health and outdoors, and although she is but thirteen years of age she enjoys the scripture assignments very much.

Kathryn is one of eighteen granddaughters and two great granddaughters that have been or are BeeHive Girls.

From Norway "pROM such farflung missions as the Norwegian and the Japanese

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

plan, for it gives them an opportunity to From Texas express themselves.

During the summer for one of their ac- \\7ithin the boundaries of the tivities classes the both of BeeHive organStates United many tributes izations five in Hilo spent days camping to the effectiveness of the at have come field volcano. trips the Kilauea These we

feel bring the girls closer together with their work. From the Texas Mission,

advisors and much is accomplished. come the following testimonials:

to wish thank organithe BeeHive We for fine zation the outline given The BeeHive Girls of the San Antonio they have for the girls. Branch have had a very profitable and

May the Lord bless the BeeHive interesting year's work.

workers. (By Chiye Terazawa.) A party was held at the famous Brackenridge Park. The girls toured the Park.

The privilege of striving for better womfinding many interesting things in the zoo.

learn to anhood, of teachings, in God's as lovely party Another held a few was this year, our theme has aided me through miles from at the Antonio San of one home years as two a BeeHivemy Since member. the of favors the were The made by enrollment, the BeeHivemy Promise and class fill EVANSVILLE, in INDIANA, BEEHIVE GIRL GROUP, enabling to them girls.Mutual—thus the Purpose given satisfactory have me (NORTHERN STATES MISSION) cell also a it together. enjoy doing and

in life. tasks organization This has my

bestowed upon me many friends and has given me an opportunity in leadership. with which to purchase their BeeHive

books. are vases making They and now

in learn to participate countless We numpillows sell other to things at the and Relief bers activities of learn and also of God's Society to Bazaar. are going use the They existence. Takafuji.) (By Mary their seals proceeds pins. to buy and They

I think the M. I. A. is one of the best have had various social activities in which

activities that I know of. I am in the Beethey have all taken an active part, and

Hive class. I learn many new and intertheir next year's project is the reading of

esting things. I have learned how the bees the Book of Mormon. Through this Beecooperate and how they build their hives. Hive organization, one member has been

It shows that human beings can actually brought into the Church. (Signed, Alice

have the same results by cooperating. It Snow, Mission Stenographer.)

shows that we must cooperate in order to have the things that we cannot otherwise From California have as individuals.

I thank our Heavenly Father for leading rpHE California Mission, not to be

OFme to the M. I. A. (By Betsy Higa.) BEEHIVE GIRLS JAPANESE MISSION, outdone, adds its voice to the HILO DISTRICT

I am very happy to have the opportunity success of BeeHive activity:

receive to training BeeHive from such a the direction District of Under BeeKeep- organization. wonderful this orThrough ers, Wishart Edna Marinette and Meibos,

I ganization fine have very people met delightful a program presented was the by of. very proudwhom I am District Diego their San Girls BeeHive on

This is my first year in BeeHive work, first Swarm Day. The entire program,

but I know I am going to enjoy my duties consisting of talks, two plays, dance selecwith the rest of the girls in the class. tions, and piano solos was original numbers

I will try my best to learn all the things composed by the girls and the BeeKeepers.

taught me, keep busy as a bee, and do The talks were entitled, "The Purpose of whatever I am told by my BeeKeeper. By the Day of the Swarm,'""What BeeHive

doing all these things, I hope I can reach Work Has Done for Me,""My Advancemy goal soon. I am very happy to say ment in BeeHive Work,""How I Hope to

that "I am now a fullfledged BeeHive Make Future Use of My BeeHive Knowlmember."I will strive to do my best until edge."The original oneact play entitled

my goal is reached. "The Right Way to Beauty"was composed

I ask the Lord to dwell within me, that I by the East San Diego BeeKeepers and presented BEEHIVE PARTY by the BeeHive Girls of the AT BRACKENRIDGE all to these things be able do to reachmay PARK, MISSION TEXAS branch. The Girls Logan Heights BeeHive I all also the to bless ask Lordmy goal.

the members of the BeeHive classes of every presented in full costume the twoact play, ward and stake. (By Taeko April Hama- A Sunday night program was sponsored "The Will O'the Wisp;"this group also

guichi.) by the BeeHive class. The slogan, poems, contributed military and tap dance numbers

talks, and musical numbers were all given as well as musical selections, including several original selections piano composed and the Girls. by BeeHive

LaRUE SISTER AND VALGARDSON HER BEEBuilder, a by Frances Richardson. MISSION, HIVE GROUP, JAPANESE HONOLULU successful Sports in Buzz held was renderedA DISTRICT. here Mutual Our in Williamson has had October, time at which Girls the BeeHive

for the four BeeHive past years. work The in participated a of singing, program danclast the years two groups divided been have ing, games, and songdance numbers. A into the regular classes BeeHive and Ball the festivity. the Guard completed game

is progressing nicely. work very Many District Girls The are Nevada BeeHive

girls the of this honor badges summer won of their proud per one atcent hundred in the field of outof-doors and business. tendance record and their one hundred per

The girls have all engaged themselves in cent M. I. A. dues for this year. These

various activities. social sports and The girls all lesson have completed and work

activity to visit most interesting was a are plans to attend making the Silver Jubilee plant. manufacturing of the girls has Each at Salt Lake City in June. The Reno

participated in conjoint meetings M. I. A. Branch Girls BeeHive have passed

and assembly programs and is very eagerly required Trial Flights and have all becomethe engaged in her work. Builders of the Hive. The assembly proThere are eight girls enrolled in the Beegram for November 21 was presented by

Hive class in Alexandria, Louisiana. Each the girls, at which time they received seals

girl has finished her Builder's work and is for outstanding work accomplished. Also

engaged in her Gatherer's work. During worthy of comment was the achievement

the past year they have sponsored a "Penny by the Sparks Branch BeeHive Girls who

Carnival"for the purpose of raising funds (Continued on page 50)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

feel to Often the influence Jubilee Year JUBILEE of Father your in Heaven—thatof the spiritis (Concluded 16) from page the Supreme

I Joy.> Service November Honor JAN.ANNOUNCEMENT TThis very special award is to be BeeHive-

at special presented a very Honor Program will Service held in which be No- A Worldwide(Continued from page vember. On this occasion there will were the first department in the49)district to

f-S*-, FUN be a livingover of the adventures pay their M. I. A. dues for the year. A successful "Indian Party"other activities and

were conducted Girls. by these BeeHive s FEST FEB ofspirittheofpastNovember,months, thereand inwillthebetruethe

*tS V giving of thanks for the blessing it From the Northern States has been to participate in the joys pROM the Northern States Mission, of this jubilee year. the lady missionaries write:

Thus once again BeeHive will We have a firm testimony that BeeHive is exceptionally work as valuable mission- a SUNDAY have made its contribution to the ary force. of The mother our of one EVENING building of the girlhood of today and Hive Girls {nonmember of our Church)Beeattends regularly. A. of recently M. I. tomorrow. the womanhood Once We

of to the lent a Book of mother Mormonmm SERVICE again helped of the girl it will have today to understand those words splendidone of theopportunitygirls. BeeHivefor instillingwork ingivesthesea

which stand as the final admonition young people some of the truths so vital to w of that marvelous creed, "The Spirit all Latterday Saints. (Madge Purse and

of the Hive.""Feel Joy"will now Kathryn Baird, Fort Wayne, Indiana.)

be more than words, for she will have Our group is very enthusiastic and happy.

learned that: girls have sponsored The two ice cream?7 CAMP sales. To know that you have done your best and cake used The proceeds were

is their pins, to help bands, Joy. and dresses. buy fund APR today—that & for waiting girls to fifteen are To be tomorrow enrolled. the There do Ten of <&y DRIVE

... things are to many them you still want nonmembers. do

that too is Joy. (Concluded on page 54)

<??v BEEHIVE \Y) BREAKFAST

PLANT ""JA TREE

vySUMMER UL'ICAMP

STORY/ FESTIVAL

(TOP) JAPANESE MISSION WORKERS AND FRIENDS

Front row, left to right: Elders Melvyn A. Weenig (Honolulu district president, released),

Glen Hoffman, Preston D. Evans (released), Abel John Ekins, Theris P. Astle, Russell Margetts (new

district Honolulu president), Willis, George Spear (released), Roy T. Kingsford, W. Albert Elmer DOUBI Pay. Douglas LeRoy v*SEP. Back Kichikaro Ikegami; row: Brother (released), Sisters Chiye Terezawa Valgardson, LaRue PARTY Alldridge; President Dayle Hilton Robertson; Elders A. Arnold H. Wheeler, Hyrum Newman, Thomas

Elmer LeGrande Kearns; Sisters Edith Marress Olsen and Hazel Robertson. Miss Valgardson is

mission M. I. A. Supervisor; Miss Alldridge is mission Primary supervisor; Elder Kingsford is

(BOTTOM) HAWAIIAN MISSION WORKERS FRIENDS AND to right: hf=s\A5SEA\3\y missionKneeling,Sunday Schoolleft supervisor, and Elder Astle is mission recorder. Elders Don Wallace Conover, George Vernon Peterson, Richard N.

Westover, William J. Chambers, Arthur J. Sperry, Jr., Glen Walton, Fred Gerald Beebe, Frank Harold

Beebe; Gerrit Timmerman, Jr., artist for mission paper; Stewart M. Winegar, mission Sunday School [(0CT)]OGRAAA supervisor.

Standing: Sailang Aki, coleader of active Chinese group of Church members in Honolulu;

Eldred C. Waldron, mission secretary; Eliza N. Salm, president of Oahu Stake Relief Society; LaVaun

B. Cox, mission Armada Relief Society president; Elder Jr.; George Audrey Baitey, Wm. Poulsen,

(in front); HONORy'X Cox;Cox Elders Norman W. Torgerson, Mar Dale Hutchins, Ralph Giles Chalker, Robert Sherman Taylor; President Roscoe C. Cox; Elders Calvin Cook Woolley, Harrison Raymond Shaw,'

Charles Theodore Garff, Tom Hayes Doxey; Elder Kenneth W. Cluff, mission recorder; Elder Joseph

Lucas Sellars; Elder J. Richard Anderson, mission M. I. A. supervisor and editor of mission paper,

Elder Overs Evan J. on, president district; "Ka Elele"; Kinolau, Oahu Luka president Waikiki WardA Relief Society; first Kopa, counselor and Nohea Relief Stake Society. in Oahu

Newly arrived Elders are wearing fresh flower leis.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 19 40

the first such welcome meeting held for incoming missionaries in many years. HAWAII SAYS ALOHA Unprecedented also was the scene at

Incoming and Outgoing Missionaries Of the seventeen new Elders to arparting of the four missionaries who

Receive Ovations rive (see accompanying photographs were among the first to labor in the

Mission. Japanese with Decorated for the assigned to ), three were names By ROSCOE C. COX

leis flower than they Iscould more wear in operating the Mission Japanese President Mission Hawaiian of the gifts presented and with numerous lands President Hilton A. under Roband were Melvin Pres- A. Weenig, Ogden; ertson, fourteen to the Hawaiian and A. HILTON ROBERTSON ton D. Evans Salt Spear, and Roy President Mission under C. Roscoe W.

President o/ the Japanese Mission Cox, ending a long shortage of misLake; and Sister Chiye Terezawa of

Stake. Pasadena Ward, sionaries the force of the Pasadena bringing andTwoHawaiidays longare toOctoberbe remembered25 and 27,in of the released misThe farewell includto fortysix, Mission Hawaiian

1939: the first for the arrival and ing one native Elder. The coming of sionaries indicated the good already acjoyful record of a welcoming

inmissionaries the Hawaiian to serve group of such a large group was given publicity madecomplished,by Gospelthe truthsgenuineon peopleimpressionof all and Japanese Missions, and the second by chief Honolulu papers, the Advernations, the friends already won. The

for the outstanding farewell accorded tiser and the Star Bulletin, and a special arrival of the new Elders points to the four departing missionaries, pioneers meeting commemorating the occasion possibility, the power to continue these in the Japanese Mission. was held in the Kalihi Ward chapel, good works. (See photograph, page 50.)

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH (Continued from page 27) Edersheim states that the Jewish Testament which they had brought was to be achieved at least in part Law required: with them from Jerusalem—is not

through the rite of baptism. That those who had contracted Levitical discussed by Jacob or by any other

"pROM the teachings of the pagan defilement were to immerse before offering Nephite writer. But the record does

state it that sacrifice. that privileged Again, to Nephi was prescribed was rival as of Christianity known "proselytes as became such Gentiles of see the coming Christ of and His rebirthHermeticism, the in which of the "proselytes or righteousness,"Covesubsequent baptism.

full to the paradmitted nant,"to be the wereidea following paramount, was in of Israel privilege theis quoted: ticipation by the HPhe plainness and positiveness

rites circumcision, of baptism, threefold with which regenerwithout Nephi and one can be Jacob saved "No being, as it immersion and sacrifice—the

.ation"of author.. The the new instructed birth is were, symbolic and the acknowledgment their associates relative

"the of God,""the Son One Man"once suggestbaptism—withoutSpiritual the rebirth from escape is an. de-.. removalto that ofof Leviticalmoral defilement,uncleanness.18corresponding ingto that their information encamelusions essenin the order of "the body by tial birth"to become "divine and Son of These students of Jewish religion tirely as a new revelation—seems

the One."By the will of God the new birth who maintain that the Hebrews to sustain the viewpoint that baptism

is the accomplished which by "begotten"16 baptized corroborate evidence given was practiced by the Jews prior toof "divine"and "Son."God becomes

in the Book of Mormon. Jacob, the the time of Lehi s departure from

When one considers the prevason of Lehi, shortly after their arJerusalem, and the Nephites were lence of the practice of baptism rival in America from Jerusalem, but continuing a religious practice throughout the Mediterranean world gave to the small colony of Israelite well understood by the people. A

for several hundred years B. C. and exiles the following definite instrucpoint of significance is that throughon throughout the Christian period, tions relative to this ordinance: out the entire Book of Mormon

he is surprised not to find the menwhenever the requirements for all [Christ] he commandeth And mention of this ordinance Tesin the Old entrance discussed, are bapthat in church they repent baptized must be and religiontament. the Hebrew Was tism, as the taught by his Lord to Adam, faith perfect in name, having the Holy

the one exception of a prominent One of Israel, or they cannot be saved in as taught by the early Christians, if the will not they kingdom of God. thisreligion And that practice did not as taught of the and by Church

repent in his believe and name, andrite? that of the parrecord has Or is Christ today, to be Jesus be shown in his baptized to the endure name, and

ticular failed to doctrine Gospel be thoroughly understood and pracend, they for must the damned; be Lord

21 in literature forpreserved Jewish Israel, of the God, has Holy ticed One Nephites. the by

it. spoken generation?our the Baptist came when So John

Dr. Case and other students of Jacob's discussion and the writpreaching repentance and baptism,

religion maintain that at the time of ings of the other Nephite historians and Jesus not only accepted John's the birth of our Lord in Bethlehem are so definite and explicit that we symbol but attached a deeper mean- "baptism was already practised by are sure that Lehi and his family ing to it in His reply to John, "Suffer

Jews.""In the words of Dr. Mcwere familiar with the details of the it to be so now for thus it becometh

Giffert: ordinance of baptism very shortly us to fulfill all righteousness,"they

the proclaiming both entirely in line were the Baptism with same Goswas after leaving rites purification, of and Jewishcommon pel principle prachad which been before leaving B. inJerusalem—probably600 C. Whethrepresentationas of cleansing a symbolical ticed the from beginning which and er they their received information sins of the recrimes or from they which

pented, it must seem the most natural thing entirely through special revelation had been instituted for the salvation in the world to them... and was never or from the Brass Plates—the Heof man before the world was created.

to involving of disloyalty thought as any establishas of baptism mode The scripture similar to brew our Old departure its tradiorJudaism, from any practiced as ed God, by Adam, by tional principles."Edersheim, "Alfred The Times Jesus Life and of the Nephites, His by Jesus and the Messiah, I. 273274; states that, Edersheim "In by

92, 'the leCorpus Hermeticum, cited in Angus, op. cit., Kerith., Israel is baptism'of from proved followers during the early Christian 95100. since every Exodus 24:5-8, sprinkling of blood was

17Shirley tianity, 340.J. Case. The Evolution of Early Chrissupposed20Book toof be Mormon.preceded by2 immersion."Nephi 9:2334; Mark (Concluded on page 52)

"Arthur C. McGiffert. The Apostolic Age, 59. 16:1516; Matthew 28:1920. ooi of Mormon, 2 Nephi 34:4-21.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH (Concluded from page 51) But as time passed during the Carthage, advocated the propriety period was that of immersion. 2* The early Christian centuries, many of sprinkling in lieu of immersion in

aggregate evidence presented by the strange and foreign practices crept cases of physical weakness; and the

early Christian writers following into the Christian baptism, transpractice, 27thus started, later became the Apostolic age, plus the meaning forming the holy ordinance into a general."But at the time of Thomof the Greek word "Baptisate"rite which contained more differas Aquinas (12251274 A.D.),

("baptism by immersion"), gives ences from the original Gospel rev- "Immersion was still the more preva-2* conclusive proof that there was but elation than likenesses. lent form, and had his approval."

"ImmerDr. to Walker, of According mode recognized officiallyone presented point to be The first pracprevailing the continued sion early Christian the duringbaptism the this apostasy was to relative

in the late Middle Ages the tice till a ChrisMartyr, 83 Justincenturies. baptism of 29 of the mode changing

tian who wrote in defense of his from immersion to sprinkling. This West; in the East it so remains."

church about 135 A. D., said: transformation took place gradually. It should be observed that changthe from, of baptism led are the by ing they mode [repentance] that After [of record of first instance "The born are is and water, to there established to God where by patternus true of is that sprinkling] NoChristian the of God, the name upon For again. ordiholy this robbed sprinkling baprequested heretic SaChrist, vatus, our a. who.. of Jesus and Father and death of its symbolism of nance immersion the Ghost, death the was Holy of thought vior, and he tism when25 prominent both hath concept Christ because is performed in water A.D.) rebirth—a (160220 Tertullian near."again, he is born very the a man except said, in from vital baptism also and 2* as by baptism Christian of speaks God. of kingdom the enter cannot 26 beginning. (200258 Cyprian but immersion,

6:3-5. continued ( be Romans To T of bishop learned see, "the subject this D.), James A. of discussion a fuller *For

/m- Christendom. of Protestors cit., 118. "The Barker, L. op. Talmage,

April. 1938), City. (Salt Lake cit., 373. XLI Era, zsWalker, provement op. 118119; Apostasy, Great ssjames Talmage, The E.

ff Gibbions, The Faith of Our C. *>Ibid., James 218 96; History. V1417. Ecclesiastical Eusebius, 48:AQ Testament.- the New of Message The "Smith, 277279. Fathers. cit., 218219. op. Barker, 1. XIV, Ttypho, with Dialogue Martyr, Justin

PERSONAL PROGRESS THROUGH WISE MONEY MANAGEMENT pracis unsound an It considered people and taking part helping from page 25) from {Continued the on goods luxury purchase tice to activities. in Church Personal and Betterments to this leads plan, as installment

Development Savings overindulgence and mortgages betterfor be funds might which of income future Expenditure your financial security and for Save development emergencies. personal for and needed ments

for you independence. to it regretted, save practice a If be make never you should inand accumulation for Save Within eternity. and goods luxury for to buy in building advance are vestment. expenditures spend not will probably come articles, classification you this and of self education for Save educationyou attain because this health, in way too maintain much to children. Church to and hard is too recreation, that find money will objectives, al days."for You will "sunny Save to spent have that for things money including to spend earn offerings, them. enjoy

field. in the value. fleeting missionaries only sustain will days."They for "rainy Save

The ward budget helps to mainsurely come. Making the Budget Work

tain the local meetinghouse in a Save for emergencies.

physical condition that makes it atSave for special objectives such Tn working out a financial plan for tractive and comfortable for you and as college or mission. the family and developing a sysyour family, and it also helps to Save regularly and systematically. tem that includes budgeting and

provide wholesome recreation. Your recordkeeping, take it for granted

funds for this expenditure are for the Luxuries that mistakes will be made. Agree

spiritual and character development If the desire for luxuries stimuin the beginning not to disagree of your children. Is there any better lates economic effort, if this desire about these mistakes, but let them

investment? tends to elevate tastes and can be be a problem to solve the following

month. recfor elimor decreasing spent without afforded funds that sure Be increasefficiency that Remember developfunda- the more of personal inating some to lead reation factor main the practice and with es inallo- the then requirements, unity. When mental family and ment patient is honest and an necessary comfunds not of will certain amount of a cation children small, is come of inspired words the In to will win. and can luxuries be shows of missing purchase for the in much too plain "That Grant, Heber President J. offerings justified. commercial passive other becomes in doing persist which we for to go necessities time are that take will Things parents if the of nature the that not do; to easier things others. the for luxuries No are do and some children the with abilour but changed thing has the fit all but to drawn be rule can money general much cost not do that

is increased."ity to do family life: howamounts, excess of cases. Any enrichment offer still

is the the of home woman The auhousing, libraries, for muspent are that ever, public visiting picnics; finanof any success the to keynote entertainattending food, clothing, galleries; tomobiles, art or seums, to position is in a plan. She cial inhiking, the what above over baseball, and ment concerts; free can contribution. She real a make family activthe of position outdoor or other come and swimming, worker. miracle a literally become considerbe should of hobwarrant would development the ities; and recordkeep- manager, business As luxuries. as pleasure ed gain also can bies. You

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

PERSONAL PROGRESS THROUGH WISE MONEY MANAGEMENT er, financial secretary, purchasing your tithing on the first of the month. these questions, "Do I need it?"

agent, and general manager, she is Do not wait to see if you have any "Am I getting the greatest value in a strategic position to locate and left at the end of the month. here and hereafter for every dollar

stop the leaks that usually occur in 4. Always pay this month's bills I spend?"

families that are not well managed. with last month's income. This will 14. Refuse to buy anything that

The efficient manager will try to eliminate "installment plan"buying, cannot be afforded.

keep operating expenses and luxwhich is the most expensive way to 15. Do not buy anything that is

uries as low as possible, keeping albuy. If you have met installment not needed. No purchase is a barways in mind the needs of her fampayments successfully in the past it gain at any price unless there is a

ily, to keep them neatly dressed and proves you have selfcontrol. You definite need for it.

properly nourished. The main emcan, therefore, save in advance to 16. To spend money for tobacco,

phasis should not be to adopt the buy needed articles. This method alcoholic beverages, and tea and

harsh rule to do without things. You of buying will save you money or coffee is a waste. They destroy the

budget to eliminate the nonessen- will allow you to buy more goods body and imprison the soul.

tials so you can have what you realwith the same amount of funds.

ly want, things that will bring the 5. To purchase goods on credit

greatest personal progress here and when you know you cannot afford hereafter. them and have no money to pay, is If the husband will give advice, obtaining and using goods belong- - WORRIEDencouragement, and sympathetic uning to others under false pretenses. J

derstanding; if he will specialize in It is a form of dishonesty comparby

becoming more efficient in his work able to theft or stealing. Meal Planning?

and increasing his income and give 6. If you buy on the installment

the responsibility of household manplan, purchase only durable goods agement to his wife, where it rightwhere the value of the articles will WRITE FOR THIS HELPFULfully belongs, it will be a truly fiftylast after all installments have been fifty partnership, and the chances fully paid. Meet all payments FREE RECIPE BOOKLET

for a successful and happy home are promptly to conserve your credit.

greatly increased. A training period 7. Avoid borrowing. This preis required, however, during which vents having to pay exorbitant inThere's a new tastethrill in store

the husband cooperates with the terest rates to "loan sharks."for you when you serve Three Diawife and the entire family unites to 8. Avoid waste in all its forms. monds Brand Fancy Crabmeat.

get the system working smoothly. Remember that a penny of waste These firm, tender leg segments,

It is generally recognized that the saved is a penny earned. Every dolwith all their natural ocean flavor,

wife should have her own personal lar counts toward the attainment of are packed for you fresh at sea.

allowance to do with as she pleases. your goal. For salads, cocktails, appetizers

The husband is not to ask questions 9. If there is too little put aside and maincourse dishes, you'll find

in connection with what she does as savings your future is being countless suggestions that will add with her own money. This gives her jeopardized. new variety to meals in this Three

a feeling of independence that 10. If there is too little spent toDiamonds Crabmeat recipe bookshould be rightfully hers. ward betterments, life in the preslet. It's free. Write for it today.

The husband likewise should ent is too meagre.

have his own personal spending 11. If there is too much against Insist on this label at

money with "no questions asked."recreation and luxuries, overindul- your grocer's today

Things to Remember gence is in evidence. 12. To give too little for tithing

1. Live within your income. and Church offerings reflects on

2. Distribute your income procharacter and denotes lack of faith.

portionately. 13. Before purchasing articles or

3. Deposit your savings and pay making expenditures ask yourself

green. Alma Jennings was retained as

first counselor James Wendell andThe Church Moves On counselor. George second appointed

(Concluded from page 31) Compton remains ward clerk, With VWIAMUVWWVVVVWMMMWAWVMAMA/M/WWMAMWWMMVVVWVVWWI amusement hall was dedicated by PresSeth Reeder assistant.

ident J. Reuben Clark, Jr. THREE DIAMONDS CRABMEAT,

December 10, 1939 350 Russ Bldg.,

December 3, 1939 The Logan Seminary building, comSan Francisco, Calif.

President Levi Young, Edgar at of $23,- head pleted a cost years ago two free, recipe Please send me your Mission, spoke Englandof the New Stephen Elder dedicated by 000, was illustrating in color booklet dozens in the national Washington Memorial L Richards of the Council of the of new crabmeat recipes.

chapel as the representative of GovTwelve. Principal at the institution,

ernor Henry H. Blood of Utah. from which a total of 1,419 people will Name

Reorganization of the bishopric of have received diplomas with coming Address the Eighteenth Ward, Mount Ogden graduation, is E. J. Passey; W. C.

Stake, made William Demik, Sr., Talbot, Newell K. Young, and Russell

bishop, succeeding Bishop L. Grant Lof- R. Rich are instructors.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

BeeHive—HOLEIN-THEROCK

A Worldwide Program {Continued from page 21 the cliffs. Farther on it broke into

(Concluded [com page 50) "D y the time Zeke's story was finview again, twisting and turning is finest the aids of organization one This then to get nowhere, seeming old and the picked ished up had we to opan missionary have work. Here we finally itself well from sight comdropped onto and were down is in trailportunity "Mormonism"what to show

action. (Nola Mae Kerby and Ruth B. Whirlwind Desert, working steadily pletely in the dry gullies and ridges

Erikson, Evansville, Indiana.) toward Clay Hills Pass. that ran like colored washboards

The response from the Southern It was here the scene really bedown to the foot of the Pass.

States proves that in nearly every gan. The old roadway was still Far out on the rough desert floor

section of the mission, the BeeHive plainly visible even after sixty years,—miles and miles to the eye—the

work is going forward joyfully. balancing on the crest of a long narslanting rays of a red sun highDuring this Jubilee year, the girls row finger of clay as we started the lighted deformities in the earth,

will undoubtedly find that they can climb. Farther up the Pass we throwing shadows into hazy blue

increase their own joy and that of found the old dugway so steep the relief, finally losing them, too, in a the communities in which they live horses had to stop for breath every soft wispy purple carpet which apby carrying their program forward hundred yards, and the Pass was peared to be tacked right against actively in the various ways that three miles from bottom to top. the base of turreted rims in Monuhave been outlined. "I see why they had to crosslock ment Valley. It was a magnificent

wagon wheels when they came view, but we couldn't help imagining down this."Whitaker surveyed the how it looked that day, a long time

THE ADVERTISERS steep trail rising above his head only ago, when wagons wound in and a few yards on. He wiped his hot out among the knolls, and weary

and Where You Will Find face on his sleeve. oxen plodded... plodded... to the

Their Messages "You ain't seen nothin'yet,"counshouts of dustyfaced men and grim, tered Zeke. We rode on. determined women.

Life Insurance Beneficial Co sun on Greenwater The was hanging day-—beyond Back Cover

brilliantly Pass. of the Bands of ran into the sand, heavy University 59 rim the upper Spring—weNext Brigham Young

Continental Oil Co 7 colored clay running from burntsand, into which our horses sank,

Deseret News Press..-. 62 apple brown through dusty reds into fetlock deep. The sun burned down,

Globe Grain & Milling Co.-- 35 deep purple, cut the peculiar base parboiling our legs in our high

Life! Hello 7 strata of the little canyon. High boots. We switched them back and Lankershim 54 Hotel

International Harvester Co., Inc. above us the everpresent sandstone forth along the sides of the sweating

Inside Front Cover finally pushed out of the clay, and horses, trying to break the heat rays, 1 Iron Fireman there three to the Colorado, from it didn't good. but do much

Radio Station KSL bit later, didn't find another days we twenty dehundred be one "Must Inside Back Cover

L. D. S. Business College 63 of dirt: nothing but bare rock and grees,"Zeke announced from under

Miss Saylor's Chocolates 37 heavy shifting sands blown free by his big, torn Stetson. "Even in

Fuel Supply Mountain Co bulges, the outcropping from 4 wind hot. the April gets this sand Many's

Nalley's, 34 Inc the walls, the sheer and finally from told Perkins time old Deal Aunt Culture.. of Beauty 56 Ogden School

Pioneer Minced Sea Clams... 5 vast sea of smooth, pockmarked about her walking alongside their

Quish School of Beauty Culture.. 7 sandstone billows that let us down wagon through this stretch. Her

Baking Royal Co itself. 7 to the river feet'd get in the sand so hot bare

Stores, Inc 57 Safeway horses her she'd take off had had no water all and sunbonnet The Three Diamonds Crabmeat 53

Utah Engraving Co 54 day. They were frothcovered stand on it to cool 'em off."

Fire Insurance Utah intense Home Co 61 from perspiration and the

Oil Refining Utah Co... 3 climb. water Our own drinking had weItfinallywas thereachedthird day,the Slicknoon, Rockswhen Producers'Poultry AssociaUtah

tion 36 been carried in two twogallon sacks leading down off Wildhorse Mesa.

Utah Power & Light Co 6 over saddle horns. But the sacks Ten feet below the crest of the upWashburn & Condon of the water most 6 were and new shoreline of the had land wound the Z. C. M. I 55 out. as desperleaked were old, prehistoric sea We which geologists

ately in need of water as were the say once covered that country and horses. It had been an hour since washed all the top off. From that

we could even spit the dust from our line down to the desert floor, eight swelling, our throats. were Our lips OFFER feet or nine below, hundred was WE A COMPLETE stung, I began to wonder and small of gullies, nothing but a maze SERVICE nostrils ENGRAVING

From Missionary portraits to the largest if we'd ever make the top of the Pass. canyons, and ridges of pockmarked

catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. "You fellows need more pioneer "Irish potatoes in stone,"carved and

113 RegentUTAHSt.ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City,CO.Utah blood"I'll insettleyou,"forgrinnedwater,"Zekecounteredwryly. pilederodedtherebylater bythetheancientdesert waterswind. andTo

Whitaker. He didn't even smile. bring wagons down that place lookas a flight as impossible to Mars. ed crest of the turned Pass At the we LANKERSHIM HOTEL fell said, "that "It old back. road Zeke away The was here,"7th & BROADWAY to look

from us like a ragged string let down the original scouts almost gave up a broken canyon wall. Half a mile finding a way down. After two

below, the string seemed to bury days'looking, they finally knelt

LOS ANGELES itself on end in the steep, colored down and prayed, and soon after 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'knolls and cones of clay that banked that some mountain goats showed

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

HOLEIN-THEROCK up from nowhere. They shinnied the thick swirling current we quite

off down the side of the Mesa. The lost our enthusiasm for the job. We

scouts followed them, and later found an old tin boat high in the when the wagon train finally arrived brush that had a date mark of 1915 from Holein-theRock, they folon it. We had no idea how it got

lowed down the exact trail set by there, but Zeke decided it would be those goats. Wait till you see it."safer than a raft despite the fact it

The wait wasn't long. leaked like a basket. A 1 x6 ripped

in the split floor boat and from the scant in the ate a We the paddles. Whitmiddle, became broken ofshade a liquid lunchcedar—tomatoes, them; to handle Mike taker Jim was lots of pineapple, withpeaches,

syrup, to avoid excessive thirst in was to do the bailing, and Zeke led the middle of the hot day—and half the horse.

an hour later we were at the bottom The first try was unsuccessful: the

of the first of the three dugways horse pulled them back to the bank.

which had catapulted the wagons The second try got them into the still refuseddown off the Mesa. We looked at current, but the horse

the old road in amazement. to strike for the other side. He

The blasted out section was probswam round and round the boat ably less than a hundred feet down, while the river swept them far down but it pitched towards us at an angle RICHARDSON AND WHITAKER stream. He was finally turned loose

of some forty degrees, banging down "We slept in our shirts and left our razors in to save himself from drowning.

in a series of rough, broken drops Blanding."With difficulty the "leaking old tub"

shore. to pulled our also back was at a time. a foot or moresometimes It ever place. a seemed no wagon horse, different try, a third with The right of the dugimmediate theTo together could hold come and made like a success. brought swam He giant pothole, dropping a wasway it slide. that had wild But down later stood while hours duck. But we in perpenentire distance onethe Successfully! done: been fire night with the camp around six feet Scarcely plunge.dicular bearrangements had made like comforter, satin a settled We us over wall from the blastedoutseparated leaving fore to Detroit have Zeke shadghostly the making moon and imedge,the dizzy seemed and it raft across stream, a the put boat or walls, were the great on we ows darepossible that would anyone side. to the other a horse and swim it inkling of sure what an had we two. thedrive between a wagon picother of seemed There no way like day, that cold January on was Zeke dugways,""Mormon film obturing the to on it meant what first careened the wagon 1 880, when at ourserved with a wide grin their to cattle pioneers and swim opposite that wildly crack down

shocked faces, "reminded one old horses across and float eightytwo and slipped gingerly into the curus, pioneer of the cowboys beefsteak: wagons over. Now as we looked at (Conctuded on page 56)

just done enough to eat raw!"

"He knew his—dugways,"said

Whitaker through grim lips.

The other two dugways were just as bad, the last one even worse in angle of descent. The horses picked

their way gingerly. It seemed a

miracle they could even keep their feet on such a trail. (I had Zeke

take the whole train up, then come back down while I took motion pictures. ) When we finally pulled

away from those Slick Rocks, up the

Mesa, we determined if Holein-theRock were any worse, we'd be glad topioneers—withgive the wholeemphasis.trail back to the

We reached the river at noon on the fourth day. And Holein-theRock looked worse! As we stood

at what seemed the bottom of the world, looking up to the top of those great walls, which appeared riveted against the very top of the sky, and our eyes followed the course of that gigantic crack which rushed down at us from the blue sky far above, we had to stand for a moment in silent tribute to the courage of people who He: "Dear, I've made a lot of resolutions this year."

!"would dare drive wagons into such She: "So have I... I've decided to buy all my clothes at Z C M I

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

HOLEIN-THEROCK

(Concluded from page 55) together in reunion and for pictures rent that now whined so softly at our to finish off the movies we had taken very feet. over the route: Kumen Jones, 83,

Next morning we crossed again the man who drove the first wagon and climbed to the top of the famous down Holein-theRock; Sarah W.

Hole. It took us almost two hours Perkins, 79; Parley R. Butt, 77;

to make the distance, for the sun was Margaret Adams, 75; Charles E.

terrific, and the steep grade, strewn Walton, 72; Mary Jane Wilson, 68;

now with huge boulders, made the Leona J. Neilson, 67; Caroline C.

going very slow indeed. The narThurston, 66; Caroline Redd, 64;

row part of the crack itself was all and Jennie D. Wood, 61. All of

Zeke had described: closewalled, them were "feeling fine"and could

terrifying, scarred by the wheelhubs tell stories that made fiction seem of heavy wagons! It seemed impostame and colorless. They did an

sible to believe that eightytwo of oldfashioned dance—the swing

them had ever made the wild deyour partner, all promenade, kind scent. But the scars, the small to commemorate the big dance held

handdrilled holes that had held pegs New Year's Eve, December 31, anchoring brush, logs, and loose 1879, on the smooth expanse of rock to the slanting face of the slickslick-rock at the top of Holein-theclimax to Rock. a fitting It seemed turnrocked half down, way and IN GOING HEAVY THE DEEP SAND

to film dedicated the courageous BETWEEN a stepsthe stone there both LAKE GULCH SPRING. GREENWATER the AND and at

top of the Hole, too, bore mute testiaccomplishment of men and women mony we could not deny. On the filled with voices of the past wantwho found no obstacle too great to

desert floor above we found part of ing to tell us of heroism, courage, bar them from a path designated by of prophet iron God.an old a flyit didn't achievement. take a and And wheel—probably

fled into wilderness. the they smithy'swheel of a "And to those imagination to listen much forge—and

their tents, pitched they and began..to. And bitsbroken dishes, to of voices! add weight

buildings; buildto that already impressive testimony. Blanding Back in found we did ten and labor exceedingly."—Mosiahyea, they were industrious23:3 silent whole trailThe atmosphere that epic of seemed survivors 5. brought and

SCOTCH WOOING (Continued from page 17) he was at the door with outstretched "Well,"Ian turned the bowl

And she walked around the big hands. slowly in his brown hands, "I had

kitchen, admiring the new sink and "I've dreamed of you coming in already written and was waiting for the big steel range, the shining brass this door again, Meg,"and his voice Posty. Didn't Jesus say, 'Go ye

candlesticks, and the dresser with was as deep and quiet as she reinto all the world and preach the its willow pattern plates and bowl membered, "but the real thing's betGospel'?"

and marigolds. ter than dreams.""Yes, but that is just the point.

"But, where's the American He put his arm round her shoulHe was speaking only to the aposdresser?"she demanded. ders in comradely fashion and drew tles. This authority had to be re-

"That's in the workshop noo finher into the workshop. Neither nostored. Oh, Ian, won't you see!"

ished yet,"said her friend, smiling. ticed that Elspeth had gone back

"And ye must come richt oot there. to the house with a quiet smile. JYLargaret got a glimpse

I wouldna miss Ian's face when he Ian brushed a lot of shavings from of eyes frostily blue with, surely! a

sees ye for the world."a bench and suddenly lifted the girl glint of laughter in them. What

"I didn't know he was home,"onto it. had Granny said? "Velvet gloves,"

said the girl. A strange feeling of "Now, let me look at you,"and oh, goodness!

eagerness mixed with reluctance hands on her shoulders, his blue eyes And throwing caution to the wind filled her so that her heart pounded. gazed into her brown ones deep, she plunged into the allimportant

But Elspeth was hurrying ahead to deep, like a man drinking who has argument and she heard herself saythe old barn that was Ian's worklong been thirsty. ing ere long: "Ian McLean you are

shop, and when Margaret got there Then he turned away as though the most obstinate individual I ever satisfied and picked up the wooden met. Nobody could penetrate that

beautifully turned piece of was a "Margaret, you must be prepared it with andENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW workbowl he had been working on. It thick skull of yours."he was smoothing to without arguments meet these

$25. Discount on a Complete emery paper. losing your temper. How can you

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE "You never answered my last letever convince anybody if you just

A State Accredited School ter—about authority—Ian,"Marget angry!"

garet found herself saying, com- "Angry!"Margaret fairly yelled. Culture School of BeautyOgden pletely against her will. had What but not angry, "I am TheatreOver Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH you—you not beginning said about Granny I'm go- a saint. exasperate would

Name with Joseph Smith? What was the ing!"

Address City..State. matter with her? (Concluded on page 58)

kl &U0W,BV?Sf

Say Home Economists:

Dried prunes, when properly cooked, are one of the most tempting of all fruits.

They should be served plump and firm—never mushysoft. Cooking about 40 minutes in water to cover is just

Nutritionists Agree: enough.

Prunes give you 10 essential food minerals, including Cook with slice of lemon if you like, and sugar to taste.

calcium and phosphorus—necessary for sound teeth and Serve chilled, preferably with fresh cream.

bones; and iron—for healthy blood. Prunes also are grand as Prune Whip. Yes, and in

They provide you the important vitamins A, B and G luscious salads, cakes, puddings, pies, and breads!

—to protect health and vitality. And put a bowl of "raw"dried prunes out where the

They are high in energy value. folks can get at 'em. They'll

And prunes are a gentle, natural laxative. disappear as fast as candy!,

So include prunes in your diet often. You and your

family will feel all the better for it! JaWftdr,

LET'S ALL HELP THE PRUNE GROWERS AND THEY'LL HELP ALL OF US Statistical Sam says:

Western prune growers have a quarter of a It's always good business for farmers to conAll the dried prunes grown million tons of their fruit to sell each year. sume more of each other's products. Such in America come from the

City folks buy most of these. But farm cooperation between ranchers is necessary if Pacific Coast. There are

families must also buy a large percentage each is to enjoy a satisfactory market for over 15,000 prune growers.

annually if the 15,000 prune growers in Calihis crop. Annual crop averaged as

fornia, Oregon and Washington are to make Safeway hopes to encourage such grower follows for 193538 period:

a living wage. cooperation with messages like this. Because California.. 222,500 tons

. 2,350 tonsbody—theEating moreeater driedmost prunesof all. Prunesbenefitsareeveryone and35% onlyof thiswhenfirm'sthese customersfarmer customersare farmersprosWashingtonOregon.... 19,325 tons

of our most healthful foods. per can Safeway prosper.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

SCOTCH WOOING {Concluded from page 56) "But how did you know I was Elders to me just after you went

But Ian grasped her and pulled here?"home last summer. I was interested

her back. Holding her shoulders he "Why, I didn't! I never dreamed because it was your Church. And

shook her none too gently. of seeing you out of Edinburgh. I had long felt a lack in the doctrines

"Meg, dear, you must listen. I You must give us a talk at meeting of the Auld Kirk. It was like a revehave something important to tell tomorrow."lation to Mother and me, but you

you."He had been delving in his brief were so bullheaded I couldn't resist

Besides the arguments. suddenly Margaret was limp. case and now drew out some papers. continuing

lot. matter? did it a rare She cared I learned a You haveWhat

deeply for Ian, His hands, hurting "Well, what are you doing here? grasp of the fundamentals, my dear."

If it's Ian missionary with work Mcshoulders, dearer than sheher were "But Granny—failure!"to you're Lean doomed ever but something dreamed,had all along, of has "Granny known her Elder gave Barnes a puzzled principles yet.else dearer The lesson course, a thought she but wee look. trueshe to be wasbelieved—knew ye!"hurt talking about, miswouldna you "What sacrificed forcould not be any

earthly love! sionary work? I was just bringing "So that's what she meant by

She waited quietly, for Ian seemed Brother McLean some report blanks. bairns and fools,"murmured Mar-

I such a fool?"to have some difficulty in beginning. Look, Ian, fill these in for me by togaret. "Ian, am

Suddenly a loud hail made them night, will you? I've got to get my "Ye're my ain wee Covenantor,"

both start and a roundfaced young reports in to headquarters right laughed Ian, as he kissed her thorman wheeled a bicycle up to the door away. See you later, Margaret. I'm oughly. After a minute he released

and walked in. staying the night at Sister McLean's, her and turned her around. "And

"Hullo, there! Mrs. McLean said and she says you'll be here for supnoo, ma bonny wee lass,"he lapsed

I'd find you here."per! again into the Scots. "Wad ye be

Margaret was gazing at him in And before Margaret could say a pleased to suggest any improveamazement as he shook hands with word, he had mounted his bicycle ments on the American dresser?"

Ian. and was peddling gaily down the Margaret dimpled.

"Did Granny tell you I was here, road. "Am I to consider this a proposal,

Elder Barnes?"she asked, as he took The girl turned to Ian and found Mr. McLean?"she asked.

her hand. him gazing at her with a much disIan looked much surprised.

"No, haven't been down there yet, comfited countenance. "My dear lassie,"he rejoined, "I

Margaret. Sure glad to see you, "You wouldn't let me tell you,"he thought that was all settled a year

though."said plaintively. "Granny sent the ago."

DECISION! [Continued from page 15) into Mr. Brisbane's office came back editorial he was sending by wire

to use skilfully, but until then they so quickly I doubted that he had and to get hold of the artist. It was

were of no use in helping Mr. Brisseen them. just five years after I had first waited

bane produce good newspapers. I learned later that he had seen on Brisbane that I received a very

However, the artist, author, or them all right, but they were all cordial letter to call.

journalist who was taken under wrong. Moreover, there was but The drawing which did the trick

Brisbane's wing was given every one chance in a million for those featured the word "Don't"in big, opportunity to become outstanding. drawings sent in so hopefully. Selbold, black letters, which towered

He inspired others to achieve. One dom did artist or writer sell his stuff high above the surrounding landcould not come in contact with him if he called upon Mr. Brisbane unscape. Chained to these four huge

without being impressed by his sininvited. Brisbane did the inviting letters was a small, worried boy, and

cerity and his brilliance. Profesin his own due time. written on the face of the letters were

associationsional with him an was feet "don'ts": don't get your many sent Brisbane back my When itself. ineducation never He grass, the play don't wet, on and first visit I did not drawings on my or fussed,stewed respected always that. this don't don't do do and How try again, after to see but him went opinion of others,the ever and was scorn parents Brisbane nag did who contracts eventually other which a gentleman.courteous—always children! their cartoon op- (See on carried to him. Later back me my

TK7hen I first went to New York I work was appearing regularly in posite page.)

met a distinguished cartoonist, Judge, and the Journal was reproThis incident shows how Mr. BrisDan McCarthy. He took a liking ducing many of these drawings, by bane allowed people to developto me. McCarthy coached me and courtesy of the copyright owners. executives, writers, artists—and then

told me exactly the kind of drawThey were being splashed across scooped them up. That is why he

ings Brisbane would buy. He dithe newspaper page with big, imso keenly scanned the current magrected me in great detail how to land pressive headlines. Once when Mr. azines, always looking for the talin Brisbane's office without being Brisbane was in Boston an idea of ented people.

stopped and given the third degree mine in Judge struck him forcefully Brisbane's cubbyhole office had by office boys or secretaries. The enough to cause him to wire his the appearance of a secondhand

plan worked perfectly in every desecretary to get permission from furniture store, whose owner had tail, except one—the drawings taken Judge to use the picture with an bought out a book store. Finding it

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

DECISION! necessary to get the books moved which was seated a dog with a warm mymy sideside andand said,said, "Please"Please writewrite in a hurry and not having sufficient robe carefully placed about it. above your signaturesignature alreadyalready onthe

room for them, he had them in every Hanging onto this woman's coat picture, 'I actuallyctually sawsaw this!'this!'

available place. There were books was a child about three years of age,

behind glazed doors, on shelves, and making its way with difficulty Arthur Brisbane valued time else—his a time—yourfor I createdstackswall—soof booksheavilyon a tableloaded,againstit throughto my studiothe sloppyand immediatelysnow. I hurriedmade time.aboveOnealldrawing

seemed, that one more book might a pen and ink drawing, making use him, "Time,"gave him an unusual have sent the whole mass plunging of some quick sketches dashed off thrill and sent him hurrying to his dictating machine. If ever he wrote

into an editorial, himself, his divine creed, his sincere belief, it was into

THIS IS ONE OF THE "IDEA"this editorial on "Time."

CARTOONS, TYPICAL OF THOSE THE WHICH BROUGHT WORK His big caption to go with this

OF THE AUTHOR TO THE ATfull-page editorial was "All You

TENTION OF BRISBANE. Own Is Time!"In a panel he had

this to say: "One Thing Is Certain

the Only Real Thing in the Little

Speck of Consciousness Which We

Call Human Life Is Time. And All

That We Are and Do Is the Exercise of a Little Force, a Little Human

Vibration Within Fleeting Time.

to Suggest a Monument little 1. just a boy, So We

cat. WhenAs in Time's blocked as alwaysa Sermons wordactiveI was and The my joy Time

that!"do Was, "DON'Tthat Honor."

The cartoon ( see illustration page downward. An old trunk had books while on the street. Mr. Brisbane 1 5 ) showed an immense shaft towerupon it, and another table an assortwas incensed and wrote a masterful ing skyward, and on the four sides in

ment of current magazines. editorial around the picture. bold letters were the words TIME.

Mr. Brisbane watched for new The drawing was so out of the Mounted on top of this shaft was a

and original drawings. He was a ordinary, he questioned me at great large alarm clock, continually ringlength, because he wanted to be sure ing and sending out lightningshapedgreat believer in pictures—always

pictures. Stacked high on still anof the facts. After Mr. Brisbane flashes bearing messages of this naother spindlelegged table were dishad asked me several sharp, direct ture: "Time is Man's most precious

colored, dusty drawings. He could questions he was convinced I had possession.""What did you do

reach under that pile of drawings seen the incident. Turning to his yesterday?""What are you doing

and pull out the one he desired, secretary, he asked him to bring pen today?""Are you wasting your

even though he had not seen some of and ink from the art room, which time?"At the base stood a man

the material in more than a year. was done. Mr. Brisbane stood at (Concluded on page 60)

nsnc 3t*C:x*c:xjc DOC 3tx: 3**C:xtc 3iSCnewspapers—aAlways on hisgreatdesk wasstacka massof mailof

to look over. Within handy reach,

Mr. Brisbane kept his oftenused xx

hisBible. All books, of although

scattered the over perched and the truth shall make and room at different angles, were there for a purpose. you free"

Mr. Brisbane was convincing This ringing declaration of the Master forms the inspiring theme of

whensubject—advertising.we talked about Tohis favoriteget an theUniversity19th annualJanuary"Leadership22 to 26. Week"which will be held at Brigham Young

enthusiastic response from him, one had only to ask him what he conTruth-seeking is also the fundamental guide of educational advancesidered effective advertising. He ment at the University. By gaining and applying truth, young men and

would tell you what he had proved: women become free to achieve the greatness that is their destiny.

"Repetition is reputation, if the "8 product is worthy. The advertisement must be seen. It must be read. WINTER QUARTER SPRING QUARTER

It must be understood. It must be

believed."January 2 to March 15 March 18 to lune 4

Mr. Brisbane demanded facts; he

presented facts, clearly and forcefully. One winter day, in New York BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

City, I was going along West 23rd PROVO, UTAH

Street. Coming towards me was a

woman pushing a baby carriage, in HiC L 59

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

DECISION! (Concluded from page 59) one year from today, if he will use his time, is itself a monument to time. That is

time, only his spare he and may be Ispeaking picture of him which a man the enduring education. average good multitude—people

firstdifferentof kept from few interested, of have my numerous to ages—athe of properly reading a dozen books Theand many indifferent. On the face selected would give a man knowledge sufhand impressions—notes made over

of this clock was written twelve ficient of history, of astronomy, of geology, the years in the spirit of enthusiasm evolution, of philosophy, oftimes endearing appre- "Opportunity,"used the word of physiology, and sincerity—an and a knowledge of human thought.to designate the hour figures. ciation of a great man. The

two hands pointed directly at the areForcompelleda little whileto. menAndstudy,for a becausegood manythey Today as one looks intelligentlyhour—Opportunity. years they pass the time forgetting that at Brisbane's lifework, one sees him

Here are some excerpts from this which they have only partly learned. And secure, at the very top, because he

old at the into the grave, they drop endeditorial done as only Brisbane knew into his own incorporated always ignorant as chilthey than and were more it:how to write continuously life that which he had dren.

In an hour you can map out in thought, On the face of the clock you will see asked others to do. Concerning the

inor written words, of conduct, course a is Opportunity. every hour marked And said: hereafter he plan of action thata benefit change and may is correctly. have every hour marked You of to is ambi- a glorious Eternity man... life. entireyour But wander we to the opportunity not a every hour make

life his his soul that and believes tion, lite, who scatteringthrough that of which we the great fortune or but name, have a you is time, like he, that forever; will endure certain the only ahave amount, wasting... to time. use opportunity your

of will plenty give eternal. him Eternity.. thing really that possessonly Time. we it this picture; put can out where Cut you realized. to his for be ambitions time the seconds, the hours, days, minutes, The

... it least for at occasionally, see while a fearful the soul, shrinking from timid The pass. years months,weeks, and When if will time's waste, stop have and you you bitter years, mind, the or eternal of stretchtwentyfive lost years have gone have you this picture that to your glad reason met be little life everything, this ends that convinced best twentyfive chance.your years When

.. eye. if, in eternity. terror find For need no lost are wasted,more have your you the appreciate to in time.only which The sleep to awaken, never and indeed, they goremaining at chance. the end good And is that time this of is importance second If interest them. eternity went not does you third the years,of twentyfive period of

passing! it to you, matter tonight not sleep to would lost all chances, have youryou your and life as well, usually.... as regards time, whether you awoke toSuppose that a man today is able to read, Arthur Brisbane had a noble backmorrow morning or a thousand million

and otherwise comparatively ignorant. In ground of achievement. His work years hence.

THE FIRST DAY OF THE SWARM (Continued [rom page 12) of good report, or praiseworthy"for and through the last twentyfive seven great fields which the Beeher everyday use, then on to the years this same age group have had

Hive Girl explores remain the same, final rank of the BeeHive departthe spirit of BeeHive work to guide but new, colorful approaches and ment, known as the Guardian of the and direct their girlhood lives. The

study have been introduced. Now Treasure, where she is taught to girl of today and yesterday has felt

instead of waiting for the fourteenguard well the golden Treasure of the influence, participated in the acyear-old girl to enter this work, the her Hive of Life, to replenish it with tivity, and gleaned the religious young Latterday Saint girl enters Flowers of Experience all along the teachings from BeeHive work. On

into the BeeHive Department at the way, and to use these experiences this the Twentyfifth Anniversary of age of twelve. Here she learns wisely for her present and her future the birth of BeeHive work into the

what the Spirit of the Hive is, and good. Greater than all these, is the Young Women's Mutual Improveshe progresses from the first rank spirit of Service. She learns to share ment Association of the Church,

of Builder in the Hive, where she generously with others all of her high tribute is paid for the plans and makes her trial flights into the seven sweetness. the work of those who originated it,

great fields of life, on to the second As a result of the birth of this and to those leaders who have faithstage, known as the rank of Gatherer BeeHive department twentyfive fully and attractively instilled it into of Honey, where she gathers and years ago, the selfassertive, comthe girl life of the Church.

stores everything that is "lovely, or plex girl of that period was taught, Many Happy Returns, BeeHive!

THE GOSPEL OF WORK (Continued from page 1 1 ever their views may vary as to citizens must themselves be educatas to reform humanity. But who methods and policies, have common ed to understand the systems under

would advocate killing humanity bedesire to maintain our fundamental which they live and work. They

cause they are slow to reform? liberties, one of the most important must know enough to establish the

We must be patient with our of which is our system of free enproper education for themselves and

American system. It will take a long terprise. So I hesitate to impugn their children and reach conclusions

time to eliminate the imperfections men's motives, even though I do not for themselves, I believe that it is in its operation. To be patient it is agree with their methods. I make neither wise nor safe to leave the

I want determination of our educationalnecessary to be tolerant—tolerant of these observations because

other people and their views. Everyto enter a plea for intelligent coopsystems and policies exclusively to

thing we do in America is a composeration among all who have regard the professional educators. I do not

ite of many opinions. The unifying for our American institutions and discount the valuable service of our

element in our national affairs is principles. teachers. I should always want their

common purpose and desire. I like There is a great need for cooperexpert advice, but I am confident

to think that all Americans, howation in the field of economics. Our that the patrons of the schools

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

THE GOSPEL OF WORK should have a much larger voice proprietors or the owners of great objection whatever to the profit inthan they now have in the establishproperty but all may be proprietors centive, but I do not have any symment of curriculums, school policies, of their services, so developed and pathy with the avarice and stupidand management. This is a distinct executed as to make them indisity which in the long run cut off

subject in itself which I will not furpensable units in the progress of the profits and stifle prosperity. It

ther pursue. I mention it because it people. would almost seem as if the privihas a direct bearing upon work and Will you now consider with me lege of profit should not be permiteconomic conditions, which are my another phase of the economic situted to those who, either through igsubject. ation? I have advanced the doctrine, norance or lack of humanitarian

for which I give credit to another, principles, are not capable of being "Mow to return to the gospel of that lower prices increase consumentrusted with it. It is here that the

er's purchasing power and promote concept of the brotherhood of man work—and it is a gospel, if ever

God gave us a message and prinemployment, and that better and plays such an important role. No

ciple for our salvation. It would more efficient service rendered by one who recognizes the Fatherhood

seem apparent, without further comloyal workers makes possible reducof God and mankind as His children ment, that the spread of this gospel tion in prices. Why is it that the can tolerate with equanimity the inof work is absolutely indispensable public do not always receive the equalities and injustices which such

to the solution of the problems of benefit of advanced methods and selfishness brings about. I am sure

our individual and national economore efficient service? The answer that our system of free enterprise

my. I think we can lay it down as is: shortsightedness and selfishness could have no greater assurance of

an almost unfailing rule, because the on the part of some men in industry. success than in true Christian brothexceptions are so few, that the loyal, This shortsightedness and selfisherhood.

able, skilled, industrious worker is ness are most conspicuous in two However, I am not a defeatist. Isuccessful. His loyalty is his charforms—first, in what are known as believe there is more good in men

acter. He makes that for himself. combinations in restraint of trade; than bad and that the good will triHis skill is attained by training and and second, arbitrary and unconumph. I am sure that the people

education. Even genius is little more scionable control and manipulation of the United States will, through

than the capacity for hard, sustainof labor. work, create wealth and in that creed work. While the two items may not ocation give employment and happi-

I am in favor of more concentracupy the same legal status, I place ness, if only the natural laws upon tion in our educational processes in them both in the same category bewhich free enterprise has been esthe development of the useful skills. cause they produce substantially the (Concluded on page 63)

The student who comes out of a high same effect in our national economy.

school, college, or university withBoth tend to raise prices to the conout ability to serve in useful capacisumer and fail to pass on to him the ties has failed, whatever his alleged benefits accruing from better methservice; both ods andscholarship more efficient willing may be. I am When YOUR rather than decrease unemthat the term "useful"should be increase

ployment, induspromote and bothapplied to every form of enhuman trial animosity discorddeavor that and contributes where Home Burns... to the welfare of humanity, but I demand that cooperation and unity are so much

it be consciously useful in the mind required. We have laws to deal with There's a certain amount of

and heart of the student himself. the former—combinations in recomfort to know that should

What better could we do than to straint of trade. Perhaps some day fire destroy your home tonight

teach every boy and girl, and ourthere will be adequate statutory that you are covered by Fire selves, meanwhile, that the ambition regulation of labor. Insurance.

it is But life not with to referenceof the every should be a distinct conwill Such insurance indemnify aspects of situation the thattribution to the economic welfare of legal for the loss incurred I you and greatly concerned.the am That now whole people?

rebuild you to your does give is the allow the For me anxiety this purposes of discuswhich financial without home hardquestionable motivession I lay and disposithe emphasis on economic ship.

education. I am sure that in the long tions of men and the lack of foreview of our living that emphasis is sight apparent in such uneconomic It's worth a good deal to have

not misplaced. It is not misplaced setups and policies. How is a threethis protection in these times.

because happiness and contentment dollar-a-day farmer to pay for a See our agent in your town.

and progression come to people only twodollar-anhour plasterer? How

who are not hampered by destitution much twentycent wool does it take and poverty and who are able to to pay for sixtydollar suits of maintain the right kind of manhood clothes? How can a moderately paidand womanhood in reasonable inclerk, however much his family may UTAH HOME FIRE

dependence and prosperity. Selfneed it, build a house when the conINSURANCE CO.

reliance, itself, is a necessary controlled prices for materials and labor J. GRANT & CO.comitant of the principle of free ensubject him to a life mortgage on HEBER

terprise. There is no sin in prohis gainful occupation to pay the General Agents

prietorship and every man and debt? 22 South Main Street

woman can be a proprietor if he or I am perfectly aware that profit Salt Lake City, Utah she but will. All may not be landed is the life of business, and I have no

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

SOLUTION OF DECEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleuThen Said Solomon"(2 Chron. 9:2)

'& N A L E D 1 s R A J

i N A A D D R N u R K

i S s V E u T A R T & E D 5 E R V $ S E A A T TE H Es A c R R $ E N L E A P D &$& R L N L L O L A D &

I s E A E Q N A G N $ $ A V N O U u B a L & $

i V E T H E A s Y 1 D 8 $ $

i R E E K M E M A R

1 s E N N O E D T P 8 F &$ J s H u A N<a?

>CX=XX>!>0< X=><>0<>0<XrxX=XX=XKSOCX *=><X=x

*y5 (convenient/ 3t's I &nexpensive WHA T? ACROSS

Our New, Convenient, Inex3I "."he. reigned. all Israeloverobeyed... thehim"kings"3638 Game"Cast meimplement;not away scoresfrom thy(anag.)..."

pensive readymade Binder 5 "And she said to... king"39 Tellurium

... small built in "whether "which Hamath"40 o your IMPROVEfor keeping

altar the of the.harvest.. great"(Rom.) the Goddess 41 Lord"9 "on readily ERAS MENT

... the oil the implement; acces11 of David". son.. Old stone 42 "And

sible with a minimum of (anag.) 46 Bone

trouble. 14 "such as none of the... have 48 "my...runneth over"

had"49 "the Lord hath... it from me"

These binders are durable, 16 "out... the city of David"50 "when she was come... Solo17 "he mon"built Tadmor in... wilderthat attractive, and so made

ness"52 "Then issues can a whole year's ". Each 54 be 19.. God... wasthouwithfromhim"heaven"

conveniently kept, issue by 20 Do work like Simon who lodged 55 "they were filled with..."

issue, ready for immediate Peter 56 Fools state Atlantic South 59 ". reference. 22

"like the dust of the..."60 23 "Give.. nomemannowany.. thing". and knowl-

".. desire"their whole with edge"him the price is only $1.25 26 And

"..... shalt. thou School need"61 Sunday. much 29 per binder! measure 30 Printer's

See them in our display win3132 SeaGod eaglein Hebrew names Our14,Text16, from17, 23,Chronicles26, 34, 36,is 1,41,3, 42,5, dow, No. 8, South Main 34 "Then Solomon sat on... 50, 52, 54, and 60 combined

Street, or call at 29 Richards throne"

Street, for full particulars. DOWN

1 "and the Levites took up the..."28 Technicians

2 Gift receivers; on a steed (anag.) 33 Shelter

3 Helper 35 Town in Bavaria 4 Feminine name 36 Footlike part 5 Thallium 37 Find time (Dial. Eng.)

6 Unite 43 Wood sorrel 7 Suffix of ordinal numbers 44 Ghastly eJue&eret i lewd 1012 Portugal"Moreover(abbr.)the king made a great 4547 State"be thou strong therefore, and...

throne... ivory"thyself a man"

with him of all that was in#... 51 "the...

thy heart". wisdom.. half wasof thenot greatnesstold me"of p.redd 13 The queen of Sheba "communed 50 "as a thread of... is broken"

29 Richards Street 1518 Noun"we willsuffixbringdenotingit to theeagencyin notes 5453 "SolomonSon of Gad;keptire (anag.)the feast seven

Salt Lake City, Utah by... to Joppa"days, and all Israel with..."

V- New Testament form of Asher 55 Trouble

Prompt Attention Given to 22 Worthless 57 "therefore made he thee king over

Mail Orders and Inquiries 24 Star, a combining form them, to... judgment and

Isa. 35:5 58 Means of transportation>OiXZXX=XX=XX=XXXx=xx=x>a<X=XXZXOX=XX 2527 HisOpen,Majestyas ears justice"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1940

THE GOSPEL OF WORK

(Concluded from page 61 markets, outlets for industry that freely food, independence, tablished and are allowed more to opmore D. S. Training Enables

erate. be L of the comforts wealth cannot be created more But of life may

in sufficient amount to go around obtained. Oh, it is true that some

and bring prosperity to all the peofew may be urged on by personal Idaho Youth to Qualify ple if those laws are seriously concraving for selfaggrandizement but travened by any group in our sothe real reasons why the masses are for Excellent Position ciety—capital, labor, or government. induced to enter and maintain such

Nothing but work can create unholy warfare upon each other lie wealth in this day and in economic considerations. So, age—productive work of the laborer. Other peace, that most desired, most praymanipulations may seem to do it but ed for, and seemingly the most eluthey do not create real wealth that sive and unobtainable thing in the

feeds and clothes and houses and modern world, is found to rest on makes happy people. The Governeconomic foundations. The economent cannot do it because in final my that will support peace, howanalysis it is not possessed of the ever, will be tempered with brothelemental necessities for the creaerly love, mutual consideration, and

tion of wealth. Of itself it has no intelligent and equitable concepts of

capital and it has no labor. All that men living together on the earth.

it can do is take from one and give We of the Church are but few in to another. It takes by taxation, its number among the populations of

only ultimate source of revenue; and the world. We can scarcely count

it gives in wages, subsidies, bounon our size to wield great influence, ties, and many other ways, but it but ideas are more potent than size does not create wealth and the creand I believe that if we have the ation of wealth lies at the basis of will to do it we can send out from prosperity. our midst the gospel of dignified,

loyal, it distinctly to efficient service clear honest, I want make as it De Ralph Perry that attacking not the motives been preached in the world has not I am or intentions of the Government or for many a day. We can extol selfOn October 4, 1938, De Ralph

governmental agencies who have reliance, industrious manhood and Perry, son of Mr. and Mrs. R.

sought to meet emergencies and difwomanhood, family solidarity and Perry of Preston, Idaho, enrolled

L. D. S, the College Businessficult situations with cooperation, novel community and much

- demonatfor accounting a stenographic

I legislation. essentiality in strate their experimentaland a civilized have course. later lust months a few

never desired failure for any of the state. We can show that brotherly he secured a position in the Salt

experiments. I have always wished love is more than an ethereal ideal Lake offices of a transcontinental

line. not he Though hadfor their for bus success I think and works and that it some and makes

the entire completed course, he

I disclaim succeeded. inprosperityhave happiness. and any I know to able successdo the was work

tention or any effort to influence of no other people anywhere that fully, and has now been given an partisan politics. My sole desire is are so well prepared in organization, excellent promotion.

to expound the principles of sound in leadership, in disposition and exMr. Perry says, "It was my

economics as I conceive them and perience for the undertaking. training at L. D. S. that enabled

inbelieve as I them and them deem grateful have that we I am taken mepromotion."to hold the job and win this welles- theto be in with harmony in the direction of a step our opportablished and timetested principles tunity and our duty. That step has Jobs are more plentiful! Our

of our religion. served to open our hearts to kindly 33Employmentper cent moreDepartmentcalls forreceivedoffice

I hope 1 recognize as fully as I and charitable considerations and workers in 1939 than it did the preshould the severance of church and also to open our minds to new and ceding year. Register now for

progress in 1940.state. I hope, too, that I recognize great avenues of service. We will yourthe influence of religion on life—not build upon the beginning we have

only spiritual life, but social, ecomade. We will produce better and

nomic, moral, and political life. Life more efficient workers who in turn

is thing of not a severable segments. will better produce and more L D. S. BUSINESSIt course is a of conduct, whole a products abundant and services.

unity of experience and existence, We do not believe in the doctrine living every aspectand of our scarcity. in afof producWe COLLEGE

Ifects aspect. every other so justify tion plenty. believe that the and Webelieve

70 North Main Streeta economics. sermon on is for earth the designed comfortIf it needs any further justificaable abode of man and we believe Salt Lake City, Utah

tion, I point to the state of the world. that the righteous will inherit it.

Behold the mad scramble of nations Good men, united, cannot fail. Free

for territory and power! What lies America, though she may falter, Ask for "Bulletin of Information."

at the foundation of this horrible, will in the end find peace, prosperity, inhumane struggle? Chiefly economand happiness. The Church of

ic advantage, control of the world's Christ will lead the way. Amen.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY CORRECTION Yucatan, inhabits Indian for an the now who name Maya, in account. as ya, a is alms; as in inadvertence the price a ma, pronounced: an Voice from of A The Through

interested intensely are so Since is placed ma. on we accent at misquoted Genet by Bingham Dee was the Dust

in the archeological work that is being done on ancient Mayan $2.00 instead of $2.50.

lands, we should learn to pronounce this word correctly.

Logan, Utah. FEARED FOR HER DADDY

Editors: Dear pulling weeds. day, busy Mr. hot summer White was One Since Era. for grateful Improvement especially The AM noticing of daughter, fouryear-old the beads Mary, His attending field, mission and to Logan now the from I coming shouting, his face, rolling house, to the ran sweat "Mamdown for students fellow greater need see a among college, is melting."quick, the ma, come Daddy Mamma, their of because not (sometimes students times Era. I manycan So

a to have wish thought) schooling, but by natural more UNANIMOUS Brother of matters. of certain The articles thorough explanation

Widtsoe are of great value to students, should they but pick Visitor (to hostess): "It isn't often I have the privilege

them up and study further. May such articles bear continually of eating such an excellent meal."

our emphasizing Church, the restored of the firm conviction to Small Son (interrupting): "We don't either."nothing matter, for indeed in the doctrinetruth we have

its grandeur, in Gospel, when understood fear. The encomRADIO IN SCOTLAND truth lies therein. gathering all fields what passes of knowledge,

student college had that every I wish How it no the kirk service ye schooling. attends his as he of the with him influence Era the remarkableWhy are"Whylisteningare inyouto?"smiling, Angus—is

doesn't every father supply his children who are away from "It is that, Maggie, and I can hear them taking the collection."

home with this great Church messenger The Improvement

Era? S. George Ellsworth. SAFETY FIRST

-& A woman motorist was driving along a country road when she noticed a couple of repair men climbing telephone poles.

Editors, The Improvement Era: "Fools,"she exclaimed to her companion. "They must

Please accept my thanks and appreciation for the Improvethink I never drove a car before in my life."

ment Era. I have read it and its predecessors since I was first able to read, and I appreciate it now more than ever. All KNEW HIS BUSINESS

Grant, President Editor's that appears Page""The by under Willis: phrenologist "That

counselors, his articles namely the together with two by he put his hands on my head heis toldwonderful.me my businessAs soonwasas Horizons"in "Widening and the number Home""The May dull."very

in the August number, is a testimony to me of the inspiration Gillis: "He probably felt the depression."

of our leaders.

articles and Reconcilia- "Evidences on Brother Widtsoe 's articles are A PARADOX are especially good. tions"mind all these To my

masterpieces and should be reread and studied by all of us. Teacher: "Tommy, can you give me an example of a

Nutrioso, Arizona. paradox?"

A. W. Burk Tommy: "Yes, sir. A man walking a mile and only

-- moving two feet."

Editors: Dear THE WRONG NUMBER like to tell you at this time how much we appreciate would

I the Era. We are grateful for the positive teachings we get Mr. Black: "I never knew Green had twins!"

from it each month. We think it is wonderful to have a mesMrs. Black: "My dear, he married a telephone girl, and, of

sage from President Grant each month, also from the Apostles. course, she gave him the wrong number."

We are sending our subscription now so we shall not miss an issue. We wish you continued success, SHORT MEMORY

Mr. & Mrs. Olin H. Jeppson

Thornton, Idaho.

Dear Sirs: letter published Richard from a number you W. YOUR April IN

that the only his wife were saying Mormons he and Maycock on the island of Puerto Rico. Later he met Mr. and Mrs. Reese,

with their three year old son, and Mrs. Raymond Smith. These,

as far as is known, comprised the Church membership. Enclosed please find a paragraph which you will please publish

if you find it sufficiently interesting. Mrs. Reese is our

daughter.

Yours sincerely, Mrs. T. L. Fisher,

Bountiful, Utah.

Zion is growing! even in Puerto Rico. On September 6, a

son was born to Mr. and Mrs. Richard W. Maycock in the Father: "Well, son, what did you learn in school today?"

Presbyterian Hospital at Santurce, Puerto Rico. On September Son (proudly): "I learned to say 'Yes, Sir'and 'No, Sir'

12, a son was born to Mr. and Mrs. John Knowlton Reese at and 'Yes, Ma'am'and 'No, Ma'am'."

the same place. To have these two Mormon mothers and babies Father: "You did, eh?"

in the hospital at the same time created a good deal of interest. Son: "Yeah."

SUPREME IN THE WEST

the Intermnuntain West,KSL is the FIRST station in the listening post for the best in radio entertainment

FOR NINETEEN YEARS the Western states have schedule of 19 broadcast hours, this station is also tuned to KSL for their favorite programs. They in the forefront of technical progress. Installation

have learned that this station brings them the ultiof Its new 50,000 watt transmitter and 455foot mate in music, in drama, in comedy, in news, in vertical radiator will, early in 1940, bring you an current affairs.

even clearer signal when you tune to "The Voice

KSL jealously guards this listening trust. Always

careful in the programs it presents during its daily of the West.".

KSLCfllumbia's 50,000 Watt Affiliate in Salt Lake City

Going down! It's a grand and glorious feeling if you have

full control of your course. Just coasting and enjoying the

easy downward slide... after the hard climb up. How like

life!- The downhill slide, in those declining, yet active years,

can be the most enjoyable of all... if you are financially

prepared and have peace of mind. If everything is in control. A substantial life insurance estate is the best possible

"stabilizer"for the downhill slide of life. And be sure your

insurance is Beneficial. See your Beneficial representative.

fisiiour MWJkMT Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City. Utah