I US Wl TxHT T HAD I)

I HHNO-H-E

IMPROVEMENT

ERA.

LO;

AUGUST, 1923

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OFw

LATTERDAY SAINTS <v<vvvvvv PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YM.MJA

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH IT COSTS NO MORE To See All Of CALIFORNIA In ONE COMPLETE TRIP—Via—SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES 9Jt 480.82 TO

AND 10S ANGELES *EN SAN FRANCISCO

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY Good Returning October 31, 1923

For Complete Information, Tickets and Reservations,

Call, Phone or Write P. BANCROFT

41 South Main Street Wasatch 3008

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepared Parcel Post to any part of the United States If paid in advance, 20c. extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now"and say you saw it in the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK |FOR THE APPROVED LABEL. IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer Weight bleached $1.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium 'weight wool mixture., 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkileen 3.40

18 All Marino wool 5.50

Sixes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We ill make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

We manufacture sweater coats, Jersey goods and underwear, also flannel shirts and Mackinaw coats.

KNITTING MODEL CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLIN 657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 516

"RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA <&he LOST SONNET

This day I found a Sonnet that I lost,

In years ago and covered o'er with dust;

at a thankless costA sonnet written useless trust.When love to me was but a

This paper yet bears mark of foolish tears, true,Tears shed because a woman was not

And I looked forward unto hated years,

For balm of time not yet my anguish knew.

years since anger made meWhy count the write, Think on the hours that crept on feet of lead?

tears that once made dim myWhy care for sight, Since anger and blind passion both are dead?

Ah, pain of love and desolation then,

Now soulpossession and—AlfredheartpeaceLambourne.again!

Vol. XXVI AUGUST, 1923 No. 10

The Church School System

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Commissioner of Education

Why is the Church so deeply concerned in Church School education? What are the policies of the Church School System?

What results are flowing from Church school activities?

These are fair questions that may well be asked by every intelligent member of the Church.

The Church Fosters Education The Spirit of the Gospel of Jesus Christ awakens in eveiy person a desire for further enlightenment especially as to the plan of salvation, and for the full development of his inborn powers. The latterday revelations direct the Church to seek

all truth; and "truth is knowledge of things as they are, aad as

they were, and as they are to come."Knowledge of itself

possesses no saving grace; but with greater knowledge, larger

service may be rendered. The Church encourages education;

but asks that the process of education be not confined to the accumulation of knowledge and the discipline of the mind, but that it be directed also to the fitting of young people for the many duties of life.

As a result of the love of truth, which is inherent in the true Gospel of Jesus Christ, the Church in these latter days ha9 fostered educational institutions from the beginning of its history. In Utah, the elementary school and high school, the

college and the university, have been initiated upon the suggestion and with the assistance of the Church. The origin of

the present Church School System roots, in fact, in the days before public education was established in the intermountain country and when the burden of the school was wholly upon the Church.

The Need of Church Schools The Church recognizes that correct education should deEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1017, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

864 IMPROVEMENT ERA

velop all of man's faculties. To train a person only in science,

or in literature, or in art, or in social relations, or een in religion (as narrowly conceived), is not to educate a person.

The human being has physical, mental and spiritual possibilities, all of which must be developed if society shall be preserved in full health and usefulness. This is the unhesitating conclusion of every sound thinker on the subject.

Here the need of Church Schools appears. Under an ideal

condition, children would receive such rounded training in the public schools. Science, literature, art, social relations and

religion (the plan of salvation) would be taught, under one organization, with proper relative emphasis. In a few placed

in the world, where the people are all of one mind, this may yet be done; in the middle ages, when all the people of the

country accepted one church, it was very commonly done; in

this country, with the rise of democracy, implying free public schools, and unhindered religious exercise, it cannot be done.

Though every other proper concern of man be allowed place in the public school curriculum, sectarian religion is firmly excluded, and must be taught elsewhere.

The fathers of the United States saw clearly that the perpctuity of the republic, which they had been inspired to organize, depended upon the general enlightenment ofthe citizens.

Consequently there was devised a magnificent, statesupported educational system, with compulsory attendance, which today is our safest, stateprovided bulwark against the foes of the republic. At the same time, in consonance with the doctrine

that in this land there shall be freedom of thought and belief and conscience, the first amendment of the constitution was made to read "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."

Clearly under this constitutional provision, sectarian religion cannot be taught in the public schools of the land.

The Church is in full support of this doctrine, for in the

Book of Doctrine and Covenants (134:9) it is expressly stated

as a Church declaration of belief, that "We do not believe it is just to mingle religious influence with civil government, whereby one religious society is fostered and another proscribed in its spiritual pri\ileges."Of course this does not mean that

such principles of moral living and honorable conduct, as are generally accepted by all good citizens, shall not be allowed discussion and practice in our public schools. On the contrary,

our public school instruction should be permeated with the principle of righteousness and the fundamental virtues, which were tacitly accepted in the making of the constitution of our country.

J THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM 865

Nevertheless, the deeper spiritual truths of life, and the profound religious convictions of men, centering in organized churches, which may not be taught in our public schools, must be taught, if taught at all, by private agencies. Somehow,

religion must be taught, for no truth glows more vividly upon the pages of human history than that, in times of stress, every other learning becomes the servant and the tool of religious conviction. The course of history has ever been in the channel

of religion; and the interpreter of life has forever been a knowledge of God. The will of man, directed by his inner ideals,

and not powder and shot, has changed the map of nations. As

men have clung to God, the race has moved upward and onward; as they have forsaken God and righteous living, confusion

and death have overwhelmed mankind. The constitutional

guarantee of religious liberty was not intended for the building of a Godless people. Lawful agencies, other than the public

schools must be found for the religious training of our youth.

In this connection it must be said that the education of the intellect of the body is not an end in itself. The trained

mind and the trained body should be as it were tools in the service of the spirit. Spiritual perfection, under the true laws

of God, should be the aim of all men; the trained mind and

the vigorous body may be used in winning such perfection.

The will for righteousness, transcends in importance, any intellectual accomplishments. It is for the development of tt

greater power that the Church Schools have been established.

The Church as a Teaching Institution,

The Church has willingly assumed the task of religious education, which the public school under the law, cannot perform. The Church, in fact, is a vast teaching institution, teaching the truth of the plan of salvation to members, friends and

all who will listen. The teaching of the plan of salvation to

the members of the Church is accomplished through several organizations. The quorums of the priesthood devote time to

the formal study and practice of the Gospel. The Sunday

Schools have a carefully graded series of study courses, all of which deal with a religious truth. The Relief Societies, the

Mutual Improvement associations, and the Primary Associations represent various activities of women, youths and maidens, and children, so conducted as to help their members become intelligent and faithful Latterday Saints. HoWever, these organizations do not meet on school days, at school time, and they

have not adopted texts and study periods that are characteristics of the week day schools. To make the formal study of

religion or theology or the plan of salvation more effective during the school age, it must be made as if it were part of the child's 866 IMPROVEMENT ERA

regular school program. This will not only make possible

better teaching, but will also place the subject, in the child's mind, on a more dignified footing.

Progress of Church Schools The first purpose of our System of Church Schools is to supplement secular with religious instruction, definitely designed to make Latterday Saints of the pupils, from the first grade to the university; and to employ in such instruction the

approved methods of the school room, in discipline, text books, tests of progress, and promotions. A second purpose of the

Church Schools is to train professional teachers for the Church, who will have a rooted testimony of the truth of the gospel in their hearts, and who by their example and influence will teach the value and beauty of the gospel to their pupils. While

direct teaching is most effective, indirect teaching is also powerful, and a Godfearing teacher, who lives righteously, teaches religion by the manner of his life. A third purpose of the

Church Schools is to give technical training in cooperation with the auxiliary organizations to those who may be asked to do special work for these organizations. The work of the

auxiliaries is broadening daily and becoming more complex, to meet the needs of this modern, more complex day. Specialized training, especially in the field of teaching, is often required to conduct some of the branches of the auxiliary work.

The Church schools place their resources at the disposal of the auxiliaries for such assistance as may be required.

. The Elementary Schools

In the earlier days, Church supported schools of elementary grade wefle nijaintained. When the public elementary

schools became established, the Church abandoned this field.

The Church gives full support to all sound public educational efforts; though it reserves its right to devise means by which

religious instruction, under the law may supplement the secular instruction, given our elementary school children.

The Religion Classes are the device of the Church for supplying religious instruction to elementary school children.

The attempt is made to give the children one hour's instruction, in religion per week. This may be given as a full hour's instruction either before or after the regular school hours, on any day of

the week that may best suit the convenience of the district; or,

ten minutes each day, before or after school, may be used for religious instruction; upon petition, the school board may allow

the children of the parents petitioning, to leave one hour earlier than the regular closing time, one day a week, to receive religious instruction. This last method is in many ways the most

THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM 867

satisfactory, for it improves the attendance; and does not lengthen the school day, and recognizes the great importance of

religious instruction, even if such instruction is not permitted in public schools.

The General Church Board of Education has prepared a series of graded text books or readers for the Religion Classes;

approved methods of teaching are rapidly being adopted; records

are kept; the pupils'work is graded; promotions are made, and

graduation exercises held. The work of the Religion Classes is

being made to correspond in methods and helps with the work of the public schools.

The Religion Classes of the Church were established in 1890. About ten years later similar schools under the name of

Week Day Classes of Religion were established by other churches. At present more than 50,000 elementary school

children are enrolled in Religion Classes of the Church; and

many thousands in the corresponding "week day classes of religion"of other churches. The Religion Class nrovement,

under the latter name, is now a nationwide extension.

High School Education The development of the public high school is comparatively recent. Forty years or more ago, when the public high

school was practically unknown in the West, the Church undertook to supply high school education to its children. The Brigham Young Academy was established at Provo, Utah, followed by

the stake academies. The plan was to organize as needed an academy in each stake, in which a course of high school education

including instruction in religion, the things of God, should be given. These institutions rendered most excellent service. Thousands of men and women, yet living, can testify that in the

academy, they were founded well in general education, and in addition won a settled, active testimony of the gospel as restored through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Meanwhile, as the public elementary schools of the United

States became of general distribution and firmly established, the citizens of our free republic claimed for their children an equal opportunity for high school education. It. had been

shown that civilization is largely a product of enlightenment;

and that the school is the chief ally of the home in the making of citizens fit for life in a modern republic. The local high

school, which offers in the proximity of the home, the essence of the world's knowledge, together with a proper discipline of the mind, became an additional safeguard against the dissolution of the republic and a powerful means for the large* life and enjoyment of the people. The local high school has become the people's college. At the time of the Civil War there

868 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were fewer than fifty high schools in the United States; today

there are probably tei thousand.

The people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints joined in the movement for public high schools. Today

there is scarcely a Latterday Saint community of sufficient numbers, which does not miaintain a public high school. The

effects of this condition upon the Church high schools are obvious. First, the Church which is deeply loyal to American

institutions, joins in every worthy movement to promote the welfare of the republic. It has done pioneer work in education,

as in other fields; but as public institutions have taken over the

work of education the Church has willingly reliquished the responsibility. Second, the cost of maintaining a competitive system

of Church high schools would impose a heavy burden of double taxation upon the people. This would be neither necessary, nor

desirable, since the public high schools are under the control of local boards of trustees, who may protect the students from infringements upon the lawful mission of the public high school.

Finally, as a consequence of the multiplication of the local public high schools, the Church academies or high schools, which formerly were attended by students from considerable distances, became essentially local institutions, serving almost wholly the communities in which they were immediately located.

The obligation of the Church is to all of its members, according to their needs; the localized Church high school is at variance

with its principle unless special conditions require special treatment. Consequently, as the public high schools have increased,

the Church high schools have been withdrawn, and to assist the people, the buildings and equipment have often been sold to the public high school for a small fraction of the cost.

At present, only three Church high schools remain: The

Juarez Academy in Mexico; the Big Horn Academy in Wyoming, and the L. D. S. High School in Salt Lake City.

Latterday Saint Seminaries The Church has reduced its activities in the general high school field; but it maintains its intention to provide to high

school students in a lawful manner, such instruction in religion as may not be taught legally in the public high school. The high

school age is very important. It is then that nature initiates

the profound changes of the body and mind, which result in maturity. To supply religious instruction to young people during this period and to help make of these young people faithful

members of the Church, the Latterday Saint semjmary has been devised. It is a Church institution, having no direct connection

with the high school. The faculty, consisting of one or two

college trained workers, faithful members of the Church, usually

THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM 869

with missionary and other Church experience, offers instruction of high school grade in the Old Testament, and the History and Doctrines of the Church.

Registration in the seminary is entirely voluntary. Attendance, recitation, written work, examination, and grading of the

registered students are insisted upon as with any secular subject taught in the high school. In a properly organized seminary,

only students of the senior high school, that is of the last three years of the usual fouryear high school, are admitted to the classes. The seminary building is usually located a very short

distance from the high school building. Such high school

students as register for the instruction in the seminary attend the seminary one hour a day, during one of the study hours or free hours of the high school, so that there is no interference with the regular high school work. State Boards of Education

of many states allow credit for the work done in the study of the

Bible.

The seminary teacher is expected to watch over his flock of young people, both in and out of the classroom, and to help them in their daily religious life, having always in view the establishment in the hearts of the young people a testimony of the Gospel.

The L. D. S. Seminaries now number thirtyseven. The

first has been in operation about twelve years. Great success

has attended them; and experience is steadily increasing their

efficiency. The per capita cost of instruction is so low as to

make it seem possible by this means to furnish religious instruction to all Latterday Saint high school students in centers where the student population is reasonably large. The testimonies borne by these seminary students at their graduation

exercises and elsewhere indicate that the seminary is an effective means of teaching religion and of developing a testimony of the truth of the Gospel. Parents and community leaders

likewise testify of the high value of seminary training.

(To be continued)

Have I Lost or Won?

If I have striven with all my heart

To serve the Master, and do my part:

But failed in many a thing I tried,

And blessings prayed for were oft denied;

While things not sought for and undesired

Have, spite of all I could do, transpired,

Who can decide if I've lost or won,

Or that I erred in the things I've done?

And that 'twere better done so and so:

Who can decide it, or who can know?

870 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And if the promises made me here,

Shall fruitify in a future sphere,

Who knows but I, in that land, shall see

The stage was set, as it ought to be;

That unseen hands, and that unknown means,

My bark have guided, and moved the scenes?

And that I've watered with many tears,

The flowers to blossom in future years.

And all was working to shape the mind

For greater things in a fairer clime.

The WHYS to things I don't understand

May answered be in that favored land.

That through the sorrows and pains of earth,

Full many blessings have had their birth.

I'll maybe see that what caused me sighs,

Has oft been blessings, though in disguise.

This life is only the a, b, c,

The primary school of eternity;

And if I "pass"in my lessons here,

And get promoted to that blest phere,

Might I not find in some grade ahead,

The longed for answers to prayers I've said?

I feel assured, when the time draws nigh,

For me to pass to that home on high:

I'll just step up to a higher plane,

And there go on with my work again.

And things that here may have tried me sore,

Perhaps I'll treasure, and prize the more.

What wondrous sounds shall there greet mine ears.

By Radio, then, I may reach the spheres.

And so go onw\rd, from grade to grade,

Until I learn how the worlds are made.

And see them launched, from the Master's hand,

To whirl through space, in their cycles grand.

And so advancing, with keen desire,

Ever on and on; still higher and higher.

Oh, wondrous course! in that school sublime.

The cosmos grand of the Master Mind.

Inspiring thought! What a marvelous plan

Is the onward march of the soul of man!

Look up, my soul, look beyond this life.

Be not dismayed at its toil and strife.

Press on in patience, and time will tell,

That you've won promotion, and all is well.

Shelley, Idaho Joseph II. Dean

Fundamentals of Prosperity"

What They Are and Whence They Come

By Roger W. Babson, President Babsort Statistical Organization

IV Cooperation—Success by Helping the Other Felloiv

Our industrial system has resulted in making many men economic eunuchs. The salvation of our cities, the salvation of our industries and

the salvation of our nation depend on discovering something which will revive in man that desire to produce and joy in production which he had instinctively when he was a small boy.

A few days ago I was present at a dinner of business men in

Boston who were called together in order to secure some preferential freight rates for Massachusetts. The principal theme of

that gathering was to boom Massachusetts at the expense of the rest of the country. At the close of the dinner I was asked my

opinion and said: "Let us see how many things there are in

this room that we could have were we dependent solely on

Massachusetts. The chairs and furniture are from Michigan;

the cotton is from Georgia; the linen from Ireland; the silver

from Mexico; the glassware from Pennsylvania; the paper

from Maine; the paint from Missouri; the clock from Conon."Finally I get the courage to ask if therenecticut—and so

was a single thing in the room that did not originate from some other state than Massachusetts. Those men were absolutely

helpless in finding a single thing.

The same fact applies in a general way to every state and every home. Look about, where you are sitting now. How

many things are there in the room just where you are,—there

is a table, a chair, a shoe, a coat, a necktie, a cigar, a lampshade, all of these you are dependent upona piano, a basket—for

others.

The same fact is true when we analyze one staple, like shoes which, primarily, are made of leather. Where does the

leather come from? Just follow that leather from the back of

the steer until you buy it in the form of shoes. Think where

that steer was raised, and where the leather was tanned. Think

of all the men engaged in the industry from the cowpunchers

Copyright by Fleming H. Revell Company, New York. Reprinted by

permission, from Fundamentals of Prosperity, by Roger W. Babson.

872 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to the salesmen in the stores. There is cotton in the shoe lacing

and lining."There is metal in the nails and eyelets. Not only

must different localities cooperate to produce a shoe; but various industries must give and take likewise.

Civilization is ultimately dependent on the ability of men to cooperate. The best barometer of civilization is the desire

and ability of men to cooperate. The willingness to share with

others,-—the desire to work with others is the great contribution

which Christianity has given to the world. The effect of this

new spirit is most thrilling when one considers the clothes which he has on his back, the food which he has on the table, the things which he has in the house, and thinks of the thousands of people whose labor has directly contributed toward these things. Now this clearly shows that the fourth great fundamental of prosperity is cooperation, the willingness and ability

of men to cooperate, to serve one another, to give and to take.

But the teachings of Jesus along these lines have a very much broader application than when applied merely to raw materials, or even manufactured products. As we can begin to

prosper only when we develop into finished products the raw materials of the fields, mines and forests, so we can become truly prosperous only as we develop the greatest of all resourses, the human resources. Not only does Christianity demand that

we seek to help and build up others; but our own prosperity

depends thereon as well.

When in Washington, during the war, I had a wonderful opportunity of meeting the representatives of both labor and capital. I had some preconceived ideas on the labor question

when I went to Washington; but now they are all gone. I am

perfectly willing, now, to agree with the wage earner, to agree with the employer, to agree with both or to agree with neither.

But this one thing I am sure of, and that is that the present system doesn't work. The present system is failing in getting

men to produce.

By nature man likes to produce. Our boy, as soon as he

can toddle outof-doors, starts instinctively to make a mud pie.

When he gets a little older he gets some boards, shingles, and nails and builds a hut. Just as soon as he gets a knife, do you

have to show him how to use it? He instinctively begins to

make a boat or an arrow or perhaps something he has never is a natural desire to produceseen. Why? Because in his soul

and an inborn joy in production. But what happens to

most of these boys after they grow up?

Our industrial system has resulted in almost stultifying men economically and making most of them economically nonFUNDAMENTALS OF PROSPERITY 873

productive. Why? I don't know. I simply say it happens and

the salvation of our industries depends on discovering something which will revive in man that desire to produce and that joy in production which he had instinctively when he was a small boy.

Increased wages will not do it. Shorter hours will not do

it. The wage earner must feel right and the employer must feel

right. It is all a question of feeling. Feelings rule this world

not things. The reason that some people are not successful

with collective bargaining and profit sharing and all these other plans is because they think that men act according to what they say, or according to what they learn, or according to what they agree. Men act according to their feelings, and "good feeling"

is synonymous with the spirit of cooperation. One cannot exist

without the other and prosperity cannot continue without both.

Hence the fourth fundamental of prosperity is Cooperation.

V Our Real Resources We have gone daffy over things like steam, electricity, water power, buildings, railroads, and ships, and we have forgotten the human soul upon which all of these things depend and from which all of these things originate.

Two captains of industry were standing, one day, on the bridge at Niagara looking at the great falls. One man turned

to the other and said:

"Behold the greatest source of undeveloped power in America."| I I:! 4

"No, the greatest source of undeveloped power in America is in the soul of man,"the other replied.

I was talking with a large manufacturer the other day, and he told me that he was supporting scholarships in four universities to enable young men to study the raw materials which he is using in his plant. I asked him if he was supporting

any scholarships to study the human element in his plant, and he said "No."Yet, when asked for definite figures, it appeared

that eighty per cent of every dollar which he spends, goes for labor, and only twenty per cent goes for materials. He is endowing four scholarships to study the twenty per cent and is not

doing a thing to study the eighty per cent! Statistics show that

the greatest undeveloped resources in America are not our mines, or our forests, or our streams, but rather the human souls of the men and women who work for us.

This is most significant when one resorts to statistics and learns that everything that we have—-every improvement, every

railroad, every ship, every building costing in excess of $5,000, 874 IMPROVEMENT ERA

every manufacturing concern employing over twenty men, yes, every newspaper and book worth while, has originated and been developed in the minds of less than two per cent of the people.

The solution of our industrial problems and the reduction of the cost of living depend not on fighting over what is already produced, but upon producing more. This means that this two

per cent must be increased to four per cent, and then to six per cent. If all the good things which we now have, come from

the enterprize of only two per cent, it is evident that we would all have three times as much if the two per cent were increased to six per cent.

Jesus was absolutely right in his contention that if we would seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness all these other things would naturally come to us. This is what Jesus had

in mind when he urged people to give and serve, promising that such giving and serving should be returned to them a hundred fold or more. Jesus never preached unselfishness or talked

sacrifice as such, but only urged his hearers to look through to the end, see what the final result would be and do what would be best for them in the long run. Jesus urged his followers to

consider the spiritual things rather than the material, and the eternal things rather than the temporal; but not in the spirit

of sacrifice. The only sacrifice which Jesus asked of his people

was the same sacrifice which the farmer makes when he throws his seed into the soil.

The story of the loaves and fishes is still taught as a miracle, but the day will come when it will not be considered such. The

same is true when Jesus found that his disciples had been fishing all night without results and he suggested that they cast the net on the other side. They followed his advice and the net immediately filled with so many fishes that they could hardly pull

it up. If we, today, would give more thought to the spiritual

and less to the material, we would have more in health, happiness, and prosperity. The business man today would be far

takebetter off if—like the fishermen of Galilee—we would

Jesus'advice and cast our net on "the other side."

We are told that with sufficient faith we could move mountains. Have mountains ever been removed and tunnelled without faith? The bridging of rivers, the building of railroads, the

launching of steamships, and the creation of all industries are dependent on the faith of somebody. Too much credit is

given both capital and labor in the current discussions of today.

The real credit for most of the things which we have is due to some human soul which supplied the faith that was the mainspring of every enterprise. Furthermore, in most instances this

human soul owes this genii of faith to some little country

FUNDAMENTALS OF PROSPERITY 875

church with a white steeple and oldfashioned furnishings.

The reason I say "oldfashioned"church is because our fathers were more willing to rely upon the power of faith than many of us today. What they lacked in many other ways was

more than compensated by their faith in God. They got,

through faith, "that something"which men today are trying to get through other means. All the educators, all the psychologists, all the inspirational writers cannot put into a man the

vision and will to do things which are gained by a clear faith.

Most of us today are frantically trying to invent a machine which will solve our problems, when all the while we have the machine within us, if we will only set it going. That machine

is the human soul.

The great problem today is to develop the human soul, to develop this wonderful machine which each one of ushasbetween his ears. Only as this is developed can we solve our other problems. When we give as much thought to the solution of the

human problem as we give to the solution of the steam problem or the electrical problem, we will have no labor problem. We

have gone daffy over things like steam, electricity, waterpower, buildings, railroads and ships, and we have forgotten the human soul upon which all of these things depend and from which all of these things originate.

VI Study the Human Soul The first step is to give more thought and attention to people, to establish more points of contact. Let us do humanly, individually, man to

man, what we are trying to do in a great big way.

I was visiting the home of a famous manufacturer recently and he took me out to his farm. He showed me his cattle. Above

the head of each heifer and each cow was a pedigree. The

most careful record was kept of every animal. He had a blueprint in his library at home of every one of those animals. Yet

when we began to talk of the labor problem in his own plant and I asked him how many of his people he knew personally, his words:he told me—I quote

"Why, they are all alike to me, Mr. Babson. I don't know

one from the other."

Later in the evening—it was during the Christmas vacation

fellow drove up to the house in a fancy automobile,—a young

came in and asked for this manufacturer's only daughter in order to take her to a party. I didn't like the looks of the fellow

very well. After they had gone out, I said to the father:

"Who is that chap?"

The father replied: "I don't know; some friend of Mary's."

The father had every one of his cows blueprinted, but he 876 IMPROVEMENT ERA

didn't know the name of the man who came to get his daughter and who did not deliver her until two o'clock the next morning!

That man was neglecting the human soul, both in his factory and in his home. *****

I repeat that we have gone crazy over structures above ground. We are absolutely forgetting the greatest of our regreat spiritual resource, upon which everything desources—the

pends. How shall we develop these resources?

Certainly we are not developing this great spiritual resource in the public schools. The educational system was originally

founded by the church to train the children in the fundamentals of righteousness. Gradually, but constantly, we have drifted

away from this goal and today the purpose for which our schools were started has been almost entirely lost. In some states it is

now a criminal offense for a school superintendent to ask a prospective teacher what she believes or whether she has any religion whatever! Under these conditions, is it surprising

that the spiritual resources of our children are lying dormant?

Much of the prosperity of this nation is due to the family prayers which were once daily held in the homes of our fathers.

To a very large extent this custom has gone by. Whatever the

arguments pro and con may be, the fact nevertheless remains that such family prayers nurtured and developed these spiritual resources to which the prosperity of the nation is due. The

custom of family prayers should be revived along with many other good New England customs which some modern radicals may ridicule, but to which they owe all that they possess.

The masses today are gettingf their real education from the daily newspapers. Many of these newspapers have much good

material, but the great effort of the daily press is not to make producers, but rather to make consumers. The policy of the

daily press is not to get people to serve, but rather to get them to buy. Not only is the larger portion of the newspapers given

up to advertising, but most of this advertising is of nonessentials, if not of luxuries. With this advertising constantly before the

people of the country, it is but natural that the material things should seem of greatest importance. To remedy this situation

is a great problem today facing the Christian business men of this country. What shall we do about it?

The first step is to give more thought and attention to people, and to establish more points of contact. Let us do

humanly, individually, man to man, what we are trying to do in a great big way. Another method to develop this human

resource is to give people responsibility. Moreover, we must

do so if the nation is to be truly prosperous.

(To be continued) The Fight

By George Bergstrom, Scoutmaster, Troop 23 A., and Deputy Commissioner

Mt. Ogden Stake

The King snake slowly glided out from his hole from under the roots of a large alder tree that grew at the edge of the stream.

He was a beautiful specimen nearly a yard in length, his body encircled with beautiful red, white and black rings arranged alternately the full length of his smooth body. His black

snout and fairly distinct head with its band of white broadening out toward the temples seemed to offset his lithe form.

His black forked tongue moved out and in continually. He

was hungry. The large field mouse that he had devoured the

day before was entirely gone, and having a rather voracious appetite the pangs of hunger had called him from his den from under the roots of the alder tree.

Gliding smoothly and swiftly he left the bed of the stream for higher ground, the warm, balmy California atmosphere, the hot semisandy soil adding life and zest to his movements.

After crossing a large open space, choosing a route that seemed to blend more or less harmoniously with his coloring he carefully threaded his way through the fragrant manzanita and buckthorn bushes.

He had traveled probably two hundred yards in this fashion when he suddenly stopped as if he sensed some prey or enemy.

He became absolutely motionless, his head raised slightly, its neck arched and his eyes glittering, his tongue moving out and in with great rapidity. It seemed many minutes before he again

glided forth; this time more noiseless, alert and wary than

before.

A short distance away on a small knoll in an open space stalking a squirrel lay a huge Western Diamond Rattler. Its

large head flat and heart shaped was raised a few inches above the ground. Its eyes were glittering. Its body nearly five feet in

length lay semicoiled in an attitude of strike. So intent was

it on its prey that it did not see the approach of its enemy, the

King snake, until he was within a few feet of it.

The King snake coming around the knoll evidently had not seen the rattlesnake until about the same moment. It was an

accidental meeting.

The body of the rattler became bloated, seemed to increase tremendously in size and at the same time the ominous warning sound and the rattier "Burr-r-r-r, burr-r-r-r, burr-r-r-r!"The King

878 IMPROVEMENT ERA

snake stopped and became motionless. The rattler's body had

been thrown into a graceful symmetrical coil. Its eyes had a

sort of glassy stare; the neck was arched in an oblique bow supporting the flat heartshaped head. The continual moving tongue and whirring rattle denoted a formidable enemy. Its attitude was one to give the impression that it was thoroughly

capable of defending its life. It was a sight that would cause the

most brave to hesitate. It made no other hostile movement.

The King snake had remained motionless; but his fighting

disposition had been thoroughly aroused. He delighted to pick

a quarrel. The incessant monotonous whirring of the rattle

annoyed and angered him. He keenly enjoyed a battle for

battle's sake; rattler or otherwise. Suddenly he lowered his head

as if he decided that the larger snake was the master of the situation and started to crawl away seemingly quite unconcerned. Nevertheless he was not.

The rattling ceased though the snake did not mme its body for a few moments. Gradually it unwound its coils seemingly

satisfied that its enemy had left. It also started for cover. Quick

as a flash, like one whose fury had all been unloosed the King snake who was a short distance away, whipped around, charged the rattler and came within a few feet of his antagonist. The

rattler, taken by surprise coiled again and prepared to strike should the other come within range. The ominous warning came

again insistant and constant.

The King snake with all his fury and fighting instinct aroused began to glide forward, back and forth in front of the coiled snake. The rattler was also working itself into a frenzy

perhaps sensing its doom. It would strike at the first opportunity, sink its poisonous fangs deep in its enemy, then crawl to

cover. The King snake drew nearer, almost within striking

distance. His eyes were glittering with the light of conquest; his

movements lithe, deliberate and confident. Raising a considerable portion of his body from the ground he seemed to close in

for an attack, his head moving back and forth. Angered out of

all reason and as quick as a flash the rattler struck with all the force of its pent up fury and tremendous body. Quicker still

the lithe head and body of the King moved to one side. What

followed happened so quickly the eye could hardly see. In a

trice the body of the rattler was in the coils of the King snake for he had wrapped his lithe body around that of the large snake before it had time to coil itself for another strike. Then came

the struggle; the fight for supremacy; the fight until death. The

rattler with its virulent poison; the King snake with its terrible

constricting coils. Which would win?

Nearly the whole length of the King snake had by this time

THE FIGHT 879

been coiled around the other snake. He seemed to constrict

himself, to draw himself up, tighter and tighter; to squeeze

and squeeze. In fury the rattler turned and twisted, struck

time and time again, sinking its fangs deeper and deeper each time injecting its poison freely into the body of its adversary;

but to no in ail, for the King snake is immune to snake poison.

However, the wounds enraged him, made him fight harder and harder. Slowly but surely he was killing his enemy. He continued to wind his shining body around and around the doomed

creature until'every part of it was engaged. More slowly and

surely he continued to constrict himself and squeeze, no matter how the other twisted, fought and struck. Tighter and tighter

grew the coils, his strength seeming to increase in such proportion that the struggling iper could not breathe nor bite, and was finally suffocated.

The fight was over. The larger snake no longer offered resistance, but lay inert except for the twitching of a few muscles.

The King snake was satisfied at last. He had lived up to his

reputation. He was king. After a few moments he gradually

uncoiled himself, working his body free from the other and with the air of a conqueror, looking neither right nor left, he continued on in search of his belated dinner.

Ogden, Utah.

The Chub Hole

The rain drops purr on the gray water

That slides by its low, grassy bank;

The blue cranes and snipes wing down the valley,

Where the cattails and wiregrass are dank.

There is balm and witchery in the sunshine

That glimmers through the golden nimbused cloud;

And the nesting ducks are moored on the bayou,

Tranquil, brownbacked and proud.

The chubs, like fleeting silver flashes,

Are whipping through the eelgrass and mud,

Or dozing in the shadows of the bulrushes, 'Neath the margins of the long, lean flood.

Oh, the drowsy day is joyous and hazeladen;

Summer's artistry is blue upon the hills,

And the fisherman is musing o'er his angleworms,

While his glad heart carols as it wills.

Nephi, Utah. Ezra J. Poulsen.

A Study of Book of Mormon Texts

By J. M. Sjodahl

Notes on Significant Words and Phrases.

(Contii*ued)

Oppressive Taxation. Mosiah records the fact that the people

of Limhi were in bondage to the Lamanites (Mos. 7:15), and

that this bondage had taken the form of an exceedingly burdensome taxation. It seems (v. 22) that they were made to

pay one half of all the grain they raised and one half of the increase of their flocks and herds, as well as one half of everything else they came in possession of. The penalty for refusal

to render this unjust tribute was death. King Limhi told

Amnion that the people would prefer slavery under Nephite rule to their present form of servitude.

This condition was very much like that found by the Spaniards at the time of their ruthless conquest of Mexico. A kind

of confederacy between three of the largest Aztec cities, with headquarters at Tenochtitlan, had been formed for the purpose of levying tribute on the other cities, which were scattered over an area of about the slame size as the state of Massachusetts.

Towns that refused to pay were savagely punished, unless they were strong enough to defend themselves, in which case sanguinary battles were fought and the war prisoners were slain oiw the altars of the gods. The city of Tlascala had successfully

resisted an attack of the second Montezuma shortly before the arrival on the scene of Cortez. This shrewd Spaniard soon

learned that there was deadly enmity between the tributary towns and the Aztec confederacy, and he profited by the situa tion. The Tlascalans, after an unsuccessful attempt at resistance, joined the Spaniards against the oppressors.

From the history of the conquest it is evident that the policy of the Lamanites of making their weaker neighbors tributary slaves was practiced by the Aztecs in the 16th century, and that it was the main cause of their downfall at that time.

The Book of Mormon gives us a striking sketch of political conditions in Nephite lands which still obtained in some parts of the "new world"at the time of its discovery only four centuries ago.

Are scholars in possession of any stronger evidence for the authenticity of the Old Testament writings?

Corpses thrown into the river. In Alma 3:3 it is stated that,

"Ais many of the Lamanites and the Anilicites who had been.

A STUDY OF BOOK OF MORMON TEXTS 881

slain upon the banks of the river Sidon, were cast into the waters of Sidon."See also Alma 44:22.

This custom of consigning the bodies of the dead, after a great battle, to the water, seems to have survived among the aborigines of America to more recent times. Speaking of

the conquests of the Peruvians, Mr. Fiske says:

"In an obstinate battle near Quito the rebels were defeated with great slaughter. Many hundreds of prisoners were taken.

Very few were able to hide themselves. Near the banks of the

lake the Inca ordered them all to be beheaded in his presence, and their bodies to be thrown into the water. The blood of

those that were killed was in such quantity that the water lost its color, and nothing could be seen but a thick mass of blood—

The lake received the name it still bears, which isYahuarcocha, or the Lake of blood,"(Discovery of America Vol. II pp.

324-5).

Drinking blood. According to Alma 49:27, Amalickiah in

his wrath swore that he would "drink the blood of Moroni."

See also Alma 51:9.

Whether this haughty traitor meant his threat to be understood literally or only as a figure of speech, it is evident that some of the people inhabiting these continents anciently had the savage habit of drinking the life fluid of their conquered adversaries. Otherwise his boast wiould hove had no meaning.

But words always mean something. We still have in most

of our modern languages the word "bloodthirsty"for "cruel,""murderous,"as a relic of a time when the concumption of blood was a more or less common manifestation of cruelty.

That some of the aborigines of America at times drank the blood of human victims is attested by history. When

Brebeuf, a Jesuit missionary, had been tormented to death, an Iroquois chief, who admired the fortitude with which he had met his cruel fate, tore out his heart and devoured it.

It is said that Cortez and his followers, at a city called Xocotlan were offered cakes dipped in human blood, as cnoice morsels to eat (Bancroft's Mexico). It was a common custom, it seems,

among the Aztecs to smear the lips of their idols with human blood and to sprinkle it on the walls and floors of their temples.

Nadaillac (Prehistoric America, p. 62) says cannibalism

was practiced in Algonquins, Iroquis, Kickapoos and many other tribes, and that the warriors drank the still smoking blood of the victims, in order to inoculate themselves with their courage.

The Bible. In I Nephi 13:2026 the prophet records his

882 IMPROVEMENT ERA

remarkable vision of the Bible. He saw a book, "And it was

carried forth among them"(the Gentiles) (v. 20). Concerning

this book the angel tells Nephi:

(1) It is a record of the Jews, and, "It proceedeth out of the mouth of a Jew."'The words quoted are repeated (v.

23,24). (2) It contains "the covenants of the Lord which he hath made unto the house of Israel"and "many prophecies."(v. 23.)

(3) As the book comes "from the mouth of a Jew"it is plain, i. e., it is easy to understand. It contains the plainness of

the gospel, or the gospel, as far as revealed, set forth plainly.

(4) The book also contains the record of the twelve apostles: "and they bear record according to the truth which is in the

Lamb of God."(v. 24.)

(5) "These things"—the book that came from "the mouth

of the Jew"and the record of the "from the Jews Twelve—go

in purity, unto the gentiles"(v. 25).

(6) It remains pure until, eventually, "many parts"are taken away from the gospel, and also "many covenants of the

Lord"(v. 25).

This is a brief epitome of the history of the Bible, given in a vision. It deserves the closest study.

Note the accuracy of the language here used. The Old

Testament which is "a record of the Jews,"is said to have proceeded out of the mouth of a Jew, while the New Testament is referred to as the record of "the Twelve Apostles,"and both these collections of sacred writings are said to have gone forth frtom "the Jews."

The books of the Old Testament were composed by, or under the supervision of the men wihose names they bear. It

was, therefore, "a record of the Jews."The books of the Law

were deposited in the ark of the covenant in the Tabernacle in the wilderness, and afterwards in the temple of Jerusalem. To

the first collection were gradually added the various historical and prophetic writings, from Joshua to Habbakuk. Jonah,

Amos, Isaiah, Hosea, Joel, Micah, Nahunn, Zephaniah, Jeremiah,

Obadiah, and Habbakuk, all lived before the destruction of the temple. What became of the sacred books when the sanctuary

was destroyed and the people dispersed, is not known. They

may have been hidden in some safe place, but the probability is that there were manuscript copies or parts of copies in the possession of many prominent Jews, that were carefully guarded.

At all events, Daniel in Babylon seems to have been familiar with the law of Moses and the prophecies of Jeremiah (Dan 9:2,

11). After the captivity, Ezra made a collection of the sacred

writings. Tradition has it that he presided over a body of

A STUDY OF BOOK OF MORMON TEXTS 883

learned men, one hundred and twenty in number, known as

The Great Synagogue, associated for the purpose of collecting and editing sacred books Ezra may therefore well be considered as "the Jew"Nephi saw in his vision, from whom the book came, for to his literary labor we are very largely indebted for the Old Testament as we knlow it today. And in

Nehemiah 8:2-18 it is recorded that Ezra brought the Law

before the congregation of Israel and read it in their hearing.

On that occasion the book literally "proceeded out of the mouth of the Jew."As he from day to day proclaimed its contents,

they were handed down to coming ages; and since then there

has been no general reconstruction of the Jewish canon.

The New Testament does not, in the same literal sense, "proceed out of the mouth of a Jew;"in the vision it is called

the records of the Twelve Apostles, and they are said to go forth "by the hand of the Twelve"(v. 26).

Note also that the book contains, besides many prophecies, the covenant of the Lord with Israel. This, no doubt, refers

to the agreement, we may call it, between the Lord and his people at Sinai; for the people unanimously accepted the laws

of God as submitted to them through Moses (Ex. 24:3), whereupon the covenant was ratified by solemn sacrifices (Ex. 24:

4-8). This covenant in addition to the Decalogue is recorded

in Exodus 21 to 23:19, and this section of the books of Moses

may, therefore, appropriately be called "The Doctrine and

Covenants"of the Mosaic Dispensation.

It is further to be noticed that this book, as it came from "the mouth of a Jew"and "the hands of the Twelve,"was pure and a depository of divine truth. So the angel declares. This

is a complete refutation of the claims of those socalled "higher critics"of the Bible, who hold that fundamental documents supposed to have been used by the "redactors"or editors of the sacred volume have been "edited,"distorted, and mutilated to such an extent that most of the scriptures, when given to the world in its completed f)orm, was positively spurious. This

"criticism,"according to the revelation of Nephi, has no foundation in fact.

It is true, as further stated by the angel, that in course of time many of the doctrines taught in the Bible were set aside, and many covenants were abrogated; this, however, was not done

by the collectors and editors of the sacred books, of whom Ezra and probably Simon the Just were the last in the Mosaic dispensation, but after the completion of the New Testament, by the great ecclesiastical organization that grew out of and took the place of the pagan imperialism of Rome.

As an illustration of the process of taking away from and 884 IMPROVEMENT ERA

adding to the gospel, the following facts may be considered:

In the fourth century marriage was forbidden, as far as the clergy was concerned, and this decree was confirmed in the eleventh century, by Gregory VII. In the twelfth century the

doctrine of seven sacraments was first taught. To the same time

belongs the positive affirmation of the saving virtue of penance, and the doctrine of purgatory, which, however, may be traced back to the seventh century. Transubstantiation was

first taught in the eighth century. In the eleventh the Lord's

Supper was changed by withholding the consecrated cup from the communicants. The ordinance, with its solemn covenants,

was thereby virtually abrogated. The covenant of baptism

had been done away with long before that time, in so far as the vain ceremony of infant sprinkling had taken its place.

In the seventh century (A. D. 607) the claim cf the bishop

of Rome to universal recognition as the head of the church was confirmed by Emperor Phocas, and the final touch was thereby given to the Babylonian tower of papacy which had been under construction for centuries.

(To be continued.)

The Keynote of Life

To live a life the most complete,

The heart must be as clean and sweet,

As aid to those whose wayward feet

Lead them too far astray.

What is this life but one great fight,

Against ihe wrong and for the right?

To those who have the clearing sight,

We look for noble deeds.

The right ambition is to rise Above those things that foster sighs,

And blinds the eyes of Paradise,

The aim of those aright.

The primal note must ever be Attuned to hope's clear melody;

To sue for that on bended knee,

Is but the plan of God.

Then life becomes a song of cheer,

That lightens hearts bowed down with fear,

The smile supplants the ready tear,

And joy it reigns supreme.

Albany, New York. Mary F. Scott.

ffThe Fair Weather Wife"

By Athene H. Farnsworth

It was a fascinating evening; the softening March air

pierced with hints of spring, the starlit sky gradually deepening in mystic blue as the bright rim of the moon pushed above the dark outlines of the mountain peak. The beauty and promise of

the night held Harlin spellbound as she gazed dreamily at the great luminous disc which brought back entrancing memories of another western moon.

Little Mrs. Tracy, with her electrical personality, had much

thrills andin common with the spirit of the evening—full of

shocks but brimming with dynamic possibilities and attraction.

"Knight, dear, wasn't Honolulu wonderful?"she voiced her

thoughts. "A honeymoon anywhere with you would be wonderful,"commented her husband as he looked up from a sheaf of business accounts and smiled.

She shrugged her dainty shoulders but looked pleased as she retorted, "Now, Knight, that's a broad statement and I suppose it's my duty to enlighten you. Do you realize that all myfriends are envying me and—and sympathizing with you—

"Really,"he laughed, "and why?"

—'a "Well,prince I'mof asupposedfellow'."toHarlinbe an gaveeccentrichim butterflyan arch glanceand you'reover

her shoulder and turned back to the moon.

Knight chuckled, gave a last estimate on an invoice for $50,000 worth of mohair in a Boston warehouse, then turned all his attention to Harlin. Until he met Harlin Kennedy, he

would have jeered at the idea that any woman could fill his horizon to the exclusion of all business. The carving of his

fortunes in the great sheep and cattle ranges of the southwest had once completely satisfied him, but now his wealth was only a means to an end—that of making his wife happy and

giving her the luxuries to which she had been accustomed. He

held out his hand to her:

"If that's the case, think how they'll feel when we're inour new home—

At the mention of the 'house of their dreams,'Harlin left the window. Even the moon was forgotten as she perched on

the arm of his chair beside a littered table.

Mr. and Mrs. Tracy, like two carefree youngsters with their

blocks and picture books, were soon wrapt in the enthralling in-

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tricacies of blueprints, samples of hard wood, bricks, and many elaborate details for a formal garden. Knight's arm was clasped

affectionately about his bride's shoulders and caressed her tenderly when he became suddenly emphatic over a question of expense "Dearest, I want you to have the most perfect setting moneycan devise. The best is—"She placed silencing fingers against

his lips. "Now, Knight, boy, spoiled me enough. You don't—you've

don't realize what a selfish little butterfly I am, after all. You're

I could just do something to—-"too generous—if

Knight interrupted her protestations, but the sudden insistant ringing of the bell momentarily stopped further argument.

While he answered the summons and signed for a telegram,

Harlin's imagination continued musingly to furnish her anticipated "air castle."She loved to dream and plan and now she

could realize even the most pretentious of her ideas. The

critical condition of the wool market had no shadows for her;

in fact, she did not know even that such a situation existed.

Knight did not bother her with business details. Each room

or the roughly sketched mansion soon appeared before her beautiful tapestries, Persian rugs on highly polished floors; herself at a Grand pianoKnight returned with the opened telegram in his hand, a

worried dent between his eyes.

"Looks, dear, as if I'd have to go down to the ranch."Hehanded her the message—"Fredonia, Arizona, March—192—.

Better come, at once. Shear tomorrow. Blizzard threatening.

Help short.—Taylor."

"Those tiresome old goats! Can't they get along without

you or wait until the weather moderates before shearing?"she

objected. "I'm afraid not, Harlin. There are so many details to be

attended to and we have to take our turn in the shearing pen.

Anyway, if we did wait, we'd lose the hair as the goats begin to shed much earlier than sheep and each pound of mohair means another board in our ball room,"he finished, trying to placate her.

She sighed resignedly and followed her husband in to pack his bag.

While Harlin indulged in more than the usual orgy of luncheons, bridge teas and matinees; Knight fought a valiant

fight against the elements. Things were in a pretty bad fix.

The first night after shearing, three hundred head of poor, shivering blooded goats died from exposure in an icy sleet blizzard. The next two days and nights were more kind but on the

fourth, a similar loss was experienced. Knight bore these re-

"THE FAIR WEATHER WIFE"887

verses quietly. The sale of his wool for the previous year would

compensate and this season's clip was excellent. The anticipated

fifty or seventy thousand dollars would settle his accounts.

He watched with satisfaction the marking of his long rows of huge bales which represented a tidy fortune. The sale of

these would not only replace the lost goats but would enable him to build shelters to guard against any similar disaster.

He wrote cheering letters to Harlin, chaffing at their separation but promising an immediate return after "lambing"was over.

The fates seemed to have conspired against Knight Tracy.

In the midst of the most strenuous work, two of his best herders contracted the dreaded disease, "goat fever,"and died within a week of each other. Each left wife and family without means

of support. Knight gallantly shouldered their burdens and

invested substantial sums to their credit. As he signed the

last check, he gazed ruefully at his bank balance. Unless the

money from Boston arrived shortly, he, the wealthiest stockman in the district, would be forced to curtail his expenditures. He

whistled softly to himself as he mounted his horae and rode back to the ranch.

The rambling old ranch house was picturesque in a rough, rugged style, but its setting, from a distance, was one of exquisite beauty. In the background, the soft tints of the desert faded

into rose and blue cliffs. Along one side, a deep gorge Wound

irregularly and the tiny stream, hundreds of feet below, wove a silver thread through the sand. The outbuildings were shielded

by groups of graceful weeping willow trees just budding, slender, drooping boughs fresh and green against the weather beaten logs.

Knight exclaimed in delight at the beauty of the scene growing more colorful and startling as the sun sank lower and lower.

How he longed for Harlin. His artistic little wife would just

revel in its grandeur. His desire to see her became suddenly

unbearable. He hailed his foreman, who was out in the field

with a herd of his special prize "billies."

"Taylor, I must go back to the city for a few days. If you

receive word from the buyers, forward it and keep me in touch with conditions here. The worst of the work is over and the

herds are all on the summer range."

Taylor nodded. "All right, Mr. Tracy. Things'll be K

here but I don't like the tone of the papers; the bottom seemsto be dropping out of things, and—"then he checked himself

and reassured his employer. "Mrs. Tracy'll be suing you for

desertion. I'll keep things going here; you hurry along."

Harlin was in the seventh heaven at their reunion and

Knight exclaimed hungrily as he reluctantly held her at arms'length and refreshed his memory of her adorableness.

888 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Jove, but I've missed you! I didn't realize it until now.

Nothing can make me leave you for so long again."

Their joy was shortlned, however, as the following day brought bad news again. A telegram from Taylor forwarded

the word received from the East:

"Mohair received but again stored. Be prepared for the

worst."He did not comment to Harlin, but she anticipated trouble from the worried lines about his eyes and the dogged expression of his mouth as he waited for each mail and started nervously at each ring of the telephone or doorbell.

Events seemed to be piling toward a crisis. Harlin helplessly watched the vicious jab of her husband's pen as he balanced his check book after paying the month's bills. They had

been rather high, but then, Knight had never intimated that she should economize and she had not dreamed of the possibility of such a necessity. What did all his black looks mean?

Harlin went to bed that night with a premonition of gloom forming the first cloud on her ideal happiness. Knight simply

coudn't lose his money! It wasn't possible!

"'It never rains but it pours.'"was knight's only comment as

he crushed a telegram between tense fingers. They were at

supper the following evening when the fateful message arrived.

Harlin waited for developments. Surely Knight would

explain things without her asking. She watched the faraway

look in his eyes deepen with tragic intensity. What dire extremity was he facing alone? She would not be excluded.

"Knight, dear, what is it?"She came around and sat on the

arm of his chair. As he did not answer, she extricated the

crumpled sheet from his unwilling fingers and glanced hurriedly over the brief sentences. In a flash, she realized that their days

of carefree extravagance were over.

"No prospect of a sale, this season. Money growing tighter."

She read a second time. "Don't put me off, Knight. I'm your

wife and have a right to know the truth. Just what is the real

significance of it all?"

Knight faced her tragically. "It means simply this—little

golden dreams for our future can come to naught.wife—all my

There can be no house of our dreams, no delightful winter of leisure together here. My total cash balance is only a paltry five thousand and I can only suspect the panic such a tie up of capital will

result in, in our little town. No money, no supplies—Harlin, you

five thousand must be kept formust know the worst—even that

the goats or I go to the wall. I'll have to spend the rest of my

time with the herds to keep things going, and you—dearest,"hespoke with an effort, "I couldn't expect you to come with me—

a shanty after the luxury of your beautiful apartment would "THE FAIR WEATHER WIFE"889

be too much even to suggest. You'll have to go back to your

mother."Harlin watched the set expression on his tired face, the desperate longing for her which he tried to conceal.

"Knight, don't you want me with you?"

He suppressed a groan as he caught her to him convulsively.

I'll want you more than you'll ever be "Want to realize—you, Harlin,able

Crushed against his heart, Harlin weighed the various aspects of the situation. Her disappointment at this ruthless

shattering of all their plans was tragic, but her love for her splendid husband carried her through.

"Dear, I'm going with you. I'm not just a 'fair weather

wife.'You insult my sportsmanship. Hurry, now, we'll start

packing tonight and we'll come out on top, yet."

The sudden light in his eyes as he was reasurred of her decision was worth many times her sacrifice. How he loved

her! She trembled at the realization.

Friends and relatives scoffed at Harlin and prophesied a speedy return from that "uncivilized hole"'for their luxurious little butterfly. Through it all, Harlin held her head high and

though she had her moments of black misgivings, she remained firm) in her determination. She'd show them that she was good

for something, after all. Knight believed in her and that was all

that counted.

She packed her wedding gifts and sent them ahead. Knight

had laughingly drawn a rough plan of their future home and had whimsically pinned it over the elaborate blueprint of their relinquished mansion. Harlin had pounced upon it and was using the sketch as a basis for her plans.

At the train, all good byes were for Knight; Harlin was only

going for a brief playtime. She flushed and ignored their

taunts. Did they, honestly, think so little of her strength of

character?

The night of their arrival in the little Arizona town, a big dance was in full swing. They attended just for a lark and so

that Harlin might have the opportunity of meeting the people who would be her friends when she came in from the ranch.

Harlin had to admit that some of these so called "barbarians"were charming, refined and educated. Her winter looked

less gloomy. A little later, however, she received a dash of cold

water to her enthusiasm. A big, goodnatured cowboy invited

her to be his partner in the quadrille. She accepted with alacrity and enjoyed every minute of the oldfashioned "all promenade,""swing partners,""balance on the corners,"until her

cheeks flushed with excitement at trying to follow each intricate change. She was immensely pleased with her prowess in

890 IMPROVEMENT ERA

society but as she stood under an open window where Knight had taken her to cool off, they overheard the joking remarks:

"Yes, she's a trim little filly, but not much of a teammate for Tracy at such a time. Did you see those hands? Too d d

small-—he'll have to keep the house as well as run the herds.

Poor fellow!"

Knight laughed and slipped his arm about Harlin, but she sighed ruefully:

"Nobody seems to think much of me 'cept as an ornament.

Maybe he's right, boy."But she was immediately reassured by

the touch of ardent lips against the slender fingers of that belittled hand.

Early next morning, Taylor arrived in a battered Ford. Harlin remembered their exquisitely appointed limousine with a

pang, but as they drove out over miles of desert, often hub deep in the soft brown sand, she became enthralled with the wild, untramelled beauty of the scene. Curious cliff formations,

scattered groves of scrub oak, purplish sagebrush and above all, the marvelous sky, made a remarkable impression on the citybred girl.

Dugouts and deep washes were encountered, at intervals.

As they skirted the edge of an unusually deep cut, she was assured with nonchalance that if it rained before they returned, they might have to make a new road as the present one was likely as not to be the stream bed. Harlin shivered at the

treachery of the sand but realized that such a formation was responsible for the picturesque beauty and mystery of the country.

At the house, Taylor explained to Mrs. Tracy that her things

had come and were in packing cases at the rear. Knight had

arranged for Taylor's sister to come out and be housekeeper and do the heavy work but Harlin insisted that she was going to learn all the intricacies and would soon show them how efficient she could be.

The last, and seemingly, the worst, of all Harlin's trials was faced late that afternoon when the two men announced that they must leave for the summer range of the herds, that evening. She

would be left alone for possibly a fortnight. This was the

first thoughtless act on the part of her husband; so she shut

her teeth on a remonstrance and determined to be game. Had

he realized the fight his homesick little wife was putting up to say a cheerful goodbye? Wild horses could not have dragged

him away; however, men, wrapped up in pressing business detail, seldom see beneath the surface and Harlin was an excellent

bluffer.

As Tracy disappeared over the distant hill, the sun went with him. Dusk was gathering and the desert air was chill.

Harlin shivered and turned back to the house. In the doorway,

"THE FAIR WEATHER WIFE"891

she surveyed her home. Oh, the drab ugliness of that great dim

room! How could she ever endure it? Yet she might go back

back to her mother's luxurious apartment, friends, and parties ner-.—until Knight made a sale. A coyote howled—she jumped

vously. How those beastly animals startled one with their dismal complaints, seemingly only a stone's throw distant, when you

were lonely and discouraged.

Harlin lighted a candle and tried to read, but the room depressed her; the shadows from its bare gray walls mocked her

mood. She caught up a sweater and hurried outdoors. She'd

walk herself sleepy—and—tomorrow—she'd go back. She simply

couldn't bear the desolation. She'd leave a note for Knight, he'd

understand.

Only a few hundred yards from the house, a deep gorge cut through, one of the many such forming the tributaries which dropped deeper and deeper until they lost themselves in the massive grandeur of the mighty Colorado.

The tiny stream, hundreds of feet below, had proved treacherous during floods and had carved the soft sand of the desert into many grotesque figures in its twistings and turnings.

Harlin stood gazing at the mystic beauty of the scene. The

moonlight played tricks with her imagination. Fantastic shadows danced and played on the steep banks. Her mood of bitter

resentment began to soften. She thought of her marriage vows—

"For better or for worse"—was she keeping her promise? And,

she had determined to show taunting friends at home—and the

all smirk, "I toldunbelievers in the little town—how they would

you so!"—and Knight—her heart stopped beating at the thought

of leaving him. She could positively see the light die in his

eyes! But, oh, that dreadful house! And he could not build

another As she stood there on the brink of the shadowy gorge, she felt as if her decision were hanging her whole future over the edge of a precipice. Was she going to prove slacker? The

millions of grinning goblins flung at her. She turned again toward the house. The silvery light of the moon softened its ugliness and the disorder of the surroundings. The great graceful

weeping willow trees seemed possessed of myriads of feathery fingers beckoning to her to come back.

For the first time, the possibilities of the place flashed into her vision; waiting only for the touch of understanding to make

a paradise in the desert. It was her chance and she was wise

enough to recognize it.

Yes, she'd stay. She'd show them all, even Knight. What

was the artificial beauty of a formal garden compared with the planning of nature? Did she value the admiration and flattery

of conventional friends above the devotion of her husband? She

892 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had been granted a few seconds of divine insight and she should prove worthy. Work was what she needed to keep her from

being lonesome and with her own hands she'd make her home beautiful.

Early next morning, under the generalship of a determined litle autocrat, Maud Taylor scrubbed and scoured. One of the

hired men went to town in the Ford and filled the back of the car with purchases from a lengthy sheet of paper. They included cans of gray and white enamel, dark brown stain, bolts

of cretonne and chintz, dotted swiss and scrim cotton batting, a rustic swing, etc., etc.

"Had Mrs. Tracy decided to start a mercantile establishment?"Tim couldn't answer. He had had explicit orders and

wasted no time filling them.

The next week saw radical changes both inside and out of that rambling old ranch house, never dreamed of before. The

indignant hens were cooped inside a wired enclosure. The paths

were outlined with cobble stones, the grass clipped, and the swing suspended under the trees. The men grumbled their

amazement at this daring digression from the accustomed rut of their management of the premises but dared not risk the flash of disapproval from the eyes of their young mistress if they should disobey.

Inside, dingy rooms exchanged drab browns for soft greys and whites under the paint brush wielded by Mirs. Tracy, herself.

She chuckled as she compared her brush to the wand of Cinderella's godmother.

She worked feverishly to complete her transformation before Knight's return. After a week of days full of work and

nights of unbroken sleep, she threw her rouge box into the ash can and as she stared at her reflection in the mirror of her old fashioned but newly enameled spotless white dresser, she detected an unsuspected dimple. Was she learning a new philosophy and were these some of the rewards?

Later, she surveyed her handiwork with satisfaction. Her

new home was a work of art in taste and simplicity. "I always

wanted to try my hand at furnishing a house with a bolt of cretonne and a dry goods box,"she commented to her beaming lieutenant, "and I believe we just about did, Maud."

Sounds as a clashing of poles, sharp bleats and thuds coming from the back of the house drew their attention and they hurrired down to the field. Knight's pet "billies"were indulging

in a gory argument. At first, Harlin tried many ineffectual

means of separating them, but unsuccessful, climbed to the top of the fence and watched the vicious little beasts, fascinated by their agility and obstinacy.

Knight rode up to the gate and dismounted. An indefinable

-THE FAIR WEATHER WIFE"893

change had taken place in the external appearance of his home.

He tried to determine the difference and finally decided thav

Harlin must have had the lawn clipped. He smiled sympathetically.

"Poor litte Butterfly! How she loved beautiful things and

he had brought her to this God forsaken desert."

Peculiar noises startled him out of his reveries and he hastened to the back field to investigate. He wondered if the

wild steer could be on the rampage.

There was his butterfly alighted on the top pole of the high fence throwing stones at his goats. He gazed in amazement at

the incongruity of the situation and then shouted at her.

Her foot slipped and she swayed perilously, but regained her balance and waved nonchalantly. "Goodness, Knight, you

startled me. Hurry over here and part these stupid goats.

They've been fighting for half an hour. At first, it was as

exciting as a circus to see them run at each other on their hind legs and lock horns, but now it's entirely too colorful and has turned into a regular bloody battle. They're spoiling their curly

white coats."

For the moment, she was so interested in the prowess of the combatants that she forgot she had not seen her husband for nearly a fortnight.

He called to Pete to go in and separate the bloodstained warriors and lifted his wife from her perch and carried her into the house.

"Did you miss me?"he demanded without releasing her.

"Oh, no!"she mocked and rumpled his hair with emphasis.

He attempted to kiss her provocative little mouth, but she evaded and caught him sternly by one ear.

"Put me down, sir. I have things to tell you before we

continue. Yes, I missed you, but I've been dreadfully busy."

"You busy—at what?"he teased as he loosened and kissed

the imperious little hand on his ear but he set her safely on the floor. "Look around you, stupid,"she chided.

For the first time, he noticed the changes. Those outside trebled within. Could it be the same place? Was this attractive, gray walled room with its dainty cretonne draperies,

living andJapanese prints and woven rugs—his old makeshift

dining room? He picked up a soft round cushion from among

a pile on a low couch. Harlin laughed at the puzzlement on

his face. "Don't you like our divan? I've gone into the upholstery

business: wool and cotton bats, several yards of cretonne plus

a huge packing box did the deed. And look at our book

shelves. Aren't you glad I took manual training and shocked

894 IMPROVEMENT ERA

all my lady contemporaries? But come on, Knight."She dragged him into a spotless white bathroom.

"Did you notice anything wrong with the roof as you drove up? I'm glad you haven't seen Tim, yet. He has a tale of

woe a mile long about the way I abused him; made him hoist

the old rain barrel onto the roof and then make two trips to town for shower attachments; but isn't it splendid?"Still

pulling Knight by one hand, she danced before him from one rejuvenated room to another.

"No more eating in the kitchen! See what I did to your

messy old store room."

He saw, but scarcely believed his eyes. It had been cleaned

and calsomined. The old drop leaf table was planed and

enameled; soft yellow rugs on the floor, a few hanging plants

and simple pictures were cheerfully blended into an artistic setting for "tea"by the soft rays of sunlight shining through thin curtains and yellow draperies. Trousseau and wedding gifts

supplied the rich little touches such as elegant linen and silver.

The old log structure was no longer a drab, ugly, hope crushing substitute for home. Harlin's love of beauty backed by

desperate determination and practical common sense had worked marvels with the odds and ends of furniture on hand and her theory of, a bolt of cretonne and a can of enamel to build a house, had added the final touches necessary to make a most attractive home. Outside, nature had supplied an

exquisite setting.

Knight could only look his astonishment and pride at his little wife. Harlin grew suddenly shy under his adoring gaze.

"You wonder girl! Harlin, little pal! After all this

for me."He waved his hand about them in a comprehensive

gesture. "Nothing can keep me from making good. My home

and my wife are perfect."He bent and kissed her tenderly,

reverently.,

Harlin trembled as she thought how near she had come to missing this. She laughed shakily and drew him out into

the glorious desert air and down to the rustic swing where they cozily ensconced themselves. Both radiant young faces reflected

perfect contentment as they watched the last rays of the setting sun. "Are you happy, dear?"he whispered, lips against her

cheek.

She smiled in answer.

"Need you ask, Knight? Look at those sunset bluffs, all

rose and gold like our future."

Hollywood, California.

Racing With the Indians

Experiences of a Pony Express Rider

By Joseph Hickman

William Cody has done more than any other one man to advertise the romantic life of the drivers of the stage and the riders of the pony over the plains.

Uncle Elijah H. Maxfield rode on the same route that

Buffalo Bill did. He is said to have been the driver who

brought the first library across the plains to Utah. In 1921

when he attended the reunion of Utah's Indian war \eterans at Richfield, he was in his 90th year, and took the opportunity of riding over the city of Richfield in an aeroplane. He i9

said to have assured the reporter of the paper in which the incident was chronicled that the experience was very tame compared with the many experiences of his youthful days in

Utah seventy years ago. He came

across the plains in 1851, and drove stage coach for the Young

Express Company, rode the pony express, was in the Echo Canyon war, and practically all the Indian wars of Utah, helped build the first railroad into Utah, and assisted in the first mining which was done here. He resided at Lyman, Utah. Day after day as I visited him he sat

by my side and told me of the varied life he had lived. This

is one of the chapters from his experience.

He drove a stage coach for the Y. X. Company from its

E. H. MAXFIEI.D organization in January, 1856,

to the time it was disbanded in July, 1858. He helped along

the organization of the pony express, agreeing to ride for the company and take stock certificates for his pay. In view of

this, his accounts of these two early modes of travel and mail transportation become very interesting and reliable.

The Y. X. Company was organized by Brigham Young

896 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in January, 1856, for the purpose of carrying passengers and mail from the Missouri River to Salt Lake City by quick and reliable means, which, up to that time, had in no way been the case. A station was first erected at about every twentyfive miles of the distance at such places as water could be most

nearly provided and feed secured.) These places were properly equipped for taking care of the horses and men necessary to make the change of teams every day as the coach

would dash up. From sixty to eighty miles were to be driven

by each driver.*

Many miles of the road over which the stage rumbled and rocked lay along beautiful valleys. Many miles of the

road wound its tiresome way over steep hills and down deep gorges. For miles the traveler would swelter and pant in the

dust of the desert. Then he would dash into a wooded area

with the fear of death about him. It was in this latter kind

of locality that the Indians would lie in wait with murderous intentions.

Ash Hollow was a small ravine, wooded on either side and quite rough. Twice this place became the scene of an

exciting experience of Uncle Lige's stage driving life. One

day while the team jogged along as fast as possible, a volley of shots rang out and the "off"leader of the four dropped dead in his tracks. There was no time to wait for further deAelopments. This was a favorite manner the Indians had of

attack. By killing one of the team, they could approach close

enough to do murderous work with the driver and passengers.

It is well to remember here that according to the stories of most mountaineers the Indian of that day was not a good shot with a gun. He knew little about the proper use of firearms

and could not do very good shooting at a distance. This is

why they would first kill one of the team and then probably not fire again, but in the delay, rush upon the travelers and do their work with more primitive weapons.

As the savages might rush down upon the driver and his passengers at any moment, Maxfield did not delay. The messenger who sat beside him rushed to the horse, as was his duty,

to unhitch the dead animal and arrange the remaining leader so that he could work as "spike."Uncle Lige leaped to

the ground with his trusty rifle in hand. The Indians fired

one more volley; then they ran. Evidently they considered

*It is related in Whitney's History of Utah that John R. Murdock in

the summer, of 1857, traveled from Salt Lake City to Independence, Missouri, in fifteen days. This was at the surprising rate of eighty miles per

It day—the distance between those points being twelve hundred miles.

was accomplished with but three changes of animals, grass fed; four

twentymile drives being made every day. Editors.

RACING WITH THE INDIANS 897

safety first. Uncle Lige gave them the best of his aim. They

leaped behind a clump of trees, then two of them appeared further on, running as fast as they could. The third Indian

did not appear. "So far as I know,"says Uncle Lige in his

dry way, "that Indian never did appear on this earth again, unless his folks saw him in a dream."

**I was afraid I was going to see some blood shed one day at Laramie, one of our stations. Just before we reached

there we saw a man and a woman standing by the side of the road. They signaled us to stop and rode to the station with

us. We wondered where they had come from and did not

learn until we got to the station. Here, just as I was unhitching the horses, a couple of fellows rode up and asked me if I

had picked up any passengers along the road. I told them of

the man and the woman. They looked excited, so I followed

them into the station house. The leader of the two drew his

revolver as he entered and pointed it at the woman, saying, 'The money you stole or your life!'Shefainted right there,

and he had an awful time to bring her to. When the woman

finally came to, she pointed at a suitcase in the corner, and the man went to it and said that it contained $10,000 that had been stolen from him. The fellow who was with the woman

could not be found. He seemed to have suspected an encounter. Fellows who do wrong seem to have a wonderful

faculty of knowing when to get out of the way."

After Uncle Lige had made four trips (18561858) across the plains as a driver of the stage coach, news reached the people along the way that Johnston's Army was coining to

Utah. The stage stations were all broken up, and that was

the end of the Y. X. Company.

As to some of his experiences while in the service of the "Pony Express,"inaugurated in the spring of 1860, he relates that one had to be more than an ordinary horseman to be able to hold down the job as rider. Uncle Lige relates that one especially

mean horse was kept at Salt Lake, and when one would apply for a job as rider he was given this horse to ride. Many, having heard of the animal before, did not go farther, but, saying

they would be around later, made their way from the station in the best mood possible under the circumstances.

A test of this kind was very necessary, for one must be able to ride well if he were to protect himself and the mail which he carried in those days. This mail was very valuable,

being paid for at the high rate of $10 per ounce, for postage.

In \iew of this, most of the letters were written upon thin paper. These letters were carefully packed in watertight

packages before being placed in the mail pouch which was o constructed that it would fit directly under the rider's leg.

898 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As the rider neared a station he loosened the pouch so that he could leap from his horse as soon as the change became necessary, and carrying the pouch with him, immediately mounted the next horse and was off. Just a few seconds were

needed for this change, which was repeated every ten miles.

Just what the new horse would do was always a question, until the rider was on his back. Sometimes he would start off on a

high run, at other times he performed his little bucking spree first.

When first the Indians learned of these regular trips of the Pony Express they took much interest in it, thinking the whites were wonderful riders. Sometimes they would ride along

in a friendly manner and make offers of trying the mettle of their own ponies against that of the express rider's. One

day Old Ponche, an old chief, rode alongside Uncle Lige. The

Indian was accompanied by his daughter, a charming Indian maid. Uncle Lige knew what they desired; they wished to

try their ponies with his. He took the challenge. Old Ponche

stopped at the next station, but the daughter continued on the distance of two changes, about twenty miles. In this

distance Uucle Lige had tired two horses, and he said, "Hers seemed quite as fresh as my second one, although I had ridden mine but ten miles while hers had come twenty."

One day while going down Ash Hollow, the same hollow where the horse of the coach team was killed, in 1857, as already related, an Indian rode alongside of Uncle Lige as in friendly company. But, the latter did not wish to show his

concern, though he kept his eyes open and relates: I

noticed that the end of his lasso rope was tied to the hoin of his saddle, and that he held the noose open ready to throw.

Although he kept this by his side, I got an idea of his intentions, so when the rope flew through the air with a deadly aim to ensnare me, I dodged, and, instead of catching me, the rope fell over the horn of my saddle. At the same moment

I drove my spurs into my horse's side, causing him to make a grand lunge. So unexpected was that that the Indian's*

saddle girths gave way and he was thrown with force to the ground. I did not look back, but lt my frightened pony have

the reins as he dashed over the hills dragging the saddle after him."The next rider who came over the route told the station keeper, when he changed horses: "Say, there's a dead Indian

back there on the trail near Ash Hollow!"

Bicknell, Utah Moses Monroe Curtis, Pioneer A Tale Characteristic of That of Hundreds of other Western

Settlers

By S. C. Richardson

Moses Monroe Curtis was born in Nauvoo, Oct. 28, 1840.

For two years his father, Moses Curtis, worked on the Mississippi getting out timber for the temple, making shingles for it, etc., and floating them down the river. A raft was made of the

logs, put together with wooden pins and hickory withes; shingles,

household goods, and family, etc., were piled on, and the workmen would float down to the landing. Necessities for the family

were furnished, such as cornmeal, though often this was so bitter that they could hardly use it.

Besides being a soldier in the Echo Canyon war, his father had been with the militia at Nauvoo; and often testified that

he was with them when the mob started for them, swearing they would kill very "Mormon"there. Their captain told them he

guessed they were "in for it.'* It looked as if they must fight.

As they stood in fear, but determined, the mob suddenly turned and went off under whip and spur. Later they asked our "boys"

who was the great company that came up. When told that none

had come, they said they knew better, that there were almost a thousand of them, all mounted on white horses; that they could

plainly see their glittering sabers and bayonets. No argument

could convince them that an immense crowd had not ridden up.

Monroe was but four years old when the prophet was martyred, but he was so deeply impressed, that he remembers as if it were yesterday, how the dead bodies were laid out, and the people going through to look at them.

He also remembers plainly the people being driven from Nauvoo, and was especially impressed with the singing of songs and hymns about going to the mountains, the crystal fountains, etc.

He never remembers having a flour biscuit till after the pioneers were in Utah. For a week of two before they started on the

journey, in order not to have bitter corn meal, they were parching corn; then it was ground, some in coffee mills, and eaten

with milk. Or the cornmeal was baked into bread, then

crumbed up, put into an oven and dried. It was then called

"rusk."Enough rusk was cooked to last to Winter Quarters,

where his father built a log house, banked it up with dirt; then

went down to Missouri to work for corn to last through the winter. 900 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Next spring he well remembers clearing off ground to plant corn. When it was big enough to eat as roasting ears, they felt

they had a fine living, and when it got a little harder they grated it on a tin, for bread. When too hard to grate, his father dug

a hole in a stump, put up a spring pole with a hardwood pestle to pound it into meal. This, with hominy, a few pumpkins,

and quail, and they were Irving well.

In the spring of 1850 they were ready to start to Zion; and

had the addition of buckwheat to aid their bread. The stay

there had been lengthened through an agreement with his brother Lyman that Moses should stay and provide for the families, while Lyman was to take the best of the teams with the load, to Utah, and return for them. Before starting on the journey,

they sold corn for 10c a bushel, or at the same price per hundred picked ears, to get sugar to take on the road; and for clothing, a wagon cover and necessities for the journey. When ready

they went across the river and stopped to organize for the trip, and while waiting, his Aunt Sophronia died, also her daughter,

Melissa. They were buried just across the river from Winter

Quarters.

Traveling up the Platte, they frequently had to stop for herds of buffalo to pass to the river. The guards who rode

ahead would come back to warn the company, when they would form the wagons into a corral, chain the cattle, to avoid a stampede, and wait for thousands to go by on a run. Wood

was very scarce here, and buffalo chips was the only fuel. This,

however, was very good unless the fuel was green. Rusk was now

changed for fresh baked bread; a hole being dug in the ground,

irons put across to keep the dough from the coals, and the bread baked fine. When they were away from the trails of the buffalo,

the company frequently stopped for the hunters to get meat to "jerk"or dry, over a fire. If they were killed on the "runs"the

smell was liable to cause the males to fight, or to stampede.

Several times there were scares from Indians. At one time,

an Indian wanted to buy a squaw, a white woman; and one

of the boys, in jest, offered to take seven ponies for one of the young women, not thinking it would be taken in earnest. The

Indian, however, went in a hurry and brought the horses. With

a crowd of braves around, it soon became a serious jest, to settle which the company had to give a couple of beeves and provisions that they seriously needed themselves, but the lesson was not forgotten.

This was the company of which Stephen Markham was captain, and though 15 or 16 died from cholera on the way, the company arrived in Salt Lake City in October. On their arrival

they were sent to Provo, where the next year they, with others*

MOSES MONROE CURTIS, PIONEER 901

cleared ground and planted wheat, going through the trials with grasshoppers, etc. Here his father went up Provo river, and cut

and floated down logs and timber for joists, etc., for the first big

adobe meetinghouse in Provo. The old house still stood when

he was in Provo last.

At the time of the "Move"Monroe went to Salt Lake City and brought one of the families of George A. Smith (Bathsheba)

to Provo. She and his mother were great cronies. They camped

on a fortyacre piece of land which Moses let the Church have, now in the principal part of Provo. Monroe relates that a barrel

of kraut they had loaded had settled, and whenx he called attention to it, and said they had eaten some of it, Bro. George A.

replied, "Well, a man would be foolish to starve to death in a cookshop."

When they left Kanesville they had about a fourth of a sack of brown sugar, the only kind they knew at that time. Immediately after landing in Provo there was a famine for sweets. The

service berries, chokecherries, etc., were so much nicer with a

little cooked into them, the people were almost wild for it.

Then, in 1852, a strange thing happened that he has never seen repeated. The cottonwood trees looked as if there had been a

snow storm which had turned the leaves white with a coating of sugar. People came from far and near, and gathered the limbs,

some of which would break with the weight of it. It was rinsed

off, boiled down and carefully stored for use. One piece that his

mother had made into a cake, he kept and brought to Arizona in 1877. After leaving the Order at Brigham City, he took the

cake to Eden, where is was lost track of.

There were many impressive things in this line; as fish coming up the streams from the lake in such quatities that the people

could put up and dry enough to live upon; or the pitched

battles they would have with the Indian children with slings or bows and arrows; quarrels and rows with them that came very

near being serious over the stealing of the cowherd-boy's dinner, or melons, or something prized—such gave innumerable,

real, live adventures.

Once an Indian boy, one of a crowd on the other side of

Provo river, who was throwing with slings at the boys on this side, was struck on the head, and it was thought would die. A

price had already been put upon him that would have been a great hardship to meet; but he refused to die, so it ended all

right as did one after another of their troubles in about the same way.

Soon after the Echo canyon war they moved to what is now

Salem. They called it Pondtown. When they wanted to move

out of the fort to higher ground, Monroe brought James Snow, a 902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

surveyor, from Provo to lay out the townsite. The house he built

near where the first stake was driven, he afterwards gave to his father. It was for a long time the nicest house in town. The

nails in it cost 60c a pound. They were made from scraps of iron

from the refuse left by Johnston's Army.

In 1862 he was called to go to Winter Quarters for a load of immigrants. Taking two yoke of his own cattle and two of a

neighbor's he went; though so early in the spring that it was

almost winter. Nothing daunted by hardships, mountain streams

without bridges, snow, blizzards, scarcity of provisions; each of

those drivers who were with him proved amonument ofmanhood, will, and bravery. At the crossing of Wood river they were

eight days in getting over, having to take the wagons apart, calking up the best wagon box till it was as nearly water tight as possible, to float the flour, etc., over in. Only a slight idea

of what was done, can eher be given, but June found them at old Winter Quarters.

After a much needed rest, they were loaded and ready for the return. Some of the leaders of the immigrants, taking exception to some of their pranks, began to warn their followers

against the crowd of "toughs"who had come to lead them to the mountains. So well was the "offscourings-ofUtah,"idea carried

out in the buckskin dress, the rabbitskin cap, or easily no cap at all; or in the fearlessness and hardihood of the drivers that a

feeling was quickly roused which, for a while, threatened to create lasting trouble. But through the influence of some of the

apostles who were opportunely there, confidence was restored;

and soon in the wholeheartedness of those rough mountain boys, the immigrants found a real haven of peace and strength, which in many cases was never forgotten.

One night, at Wood river, they stopped in a low place, and unfortunately formed their camp in the lowest part of it. In

the night a terrific rain came, with wind, which blew down the tents, and left the immigrants, some praying, some crying, wading in water and mud, in all the horrors of a storm on the plains. The wind was so fierce that the boys had to hold some of

the lighter wagons down; and their jokes and chaffing was a

boon to those unaccustomed to such hardships. It was in such

crises as these that the immigrants found these sturdy lads were made of the right kind of stuff to be leaders, men to look up to, to admire; and one of them, Martha Simms, born in Cheltenham, England, in 1844, had so far overcome all fear of the

"ruffians"that, a few months after their arrival in the valley, she allowed Bishop Duke to perform a ceremony that tied her for life to the subject of this sketch, and afterwards for all time to come. Nor could they fail in those long stretches, and

weary marches to feel that there was strength, and power, and

MOSES MONROE CtJRTIS, PIONEER 903 real inspiration with those on whom they had to depend for their journey.

Monroe had sixteen persons with his wagon, and when the road was such that they might ride, and he would give out that yell for the "Pondtown Ten,"there was joy and scuffle and chaffing that lightened the dreariness of that long road. And really

the rejoicing of arrival in the valley was clouded by sorrow at the breaking up of that merry group as they separated for their different homes.

To improve the benches and alkali flats around Pondtown,

Mioses and his brother Lyman tried to get the people interested in a canal from Spanish Fork canyon, but they were indifferent, and the two got a surveyor from Sanpete to come and lay out the work, then the two went and worked alone all winter, having

Monroe and the other sons as helpers part of the time. The

next season the interest became general, and Spanish Fork,

Payson and Pondtown, joined and completed seven miles of it with picks and shorthandled, square pointed shovels. The land

around was laid off in five and ten acre lots, and each man drew a piece according to the work done on the canal. If a Pondtown

man drew a piece near Spanish Fork, he would trade till he got what he wanted. And this was all the title held till the government survey was made just before 1880. Land was valued

as high as five and even ten dollars an acre. For years, Monroe

was watermaster and instead of paying him a salary they allowed him to draw a five or ten acre piece now and then.

All through the Indian troubles he took part in standing guard, following for stolen stock or trailing Indians. In 1876 he

married Josephine Higgins who was so go)cd a mother to

Martha's children after the death of the latter. In the same year

his brother Frank died in Salem, and later, in 1879, he added the widow Malina and her children to his family, insuring their being provided for.

In 1877, Monroe was called to Arizona to work in the United

Order in what at that time seemed a forsaken country. He was a

member of the first high council in the then Territory. He had

been ordained a high priest by Brigham Young, Jr., Jan. 27, 1878,

and sustained in the quorum, Bro. Games of Sunset, President,

and Fritjoff G. Nielson, Secretary. He had been, ordained an

elder by Bishop Sheets, in Salt Lake City, in October, 1865.

The mineral in the water of the little Colorado made farming a hardship. It was not thought as later proved that water

could be gotten from Clear Creek, without using the brackish slough. Doing so has made the country around Winslow a

farming spot. At that time, however, it was deemed impossible,

and in 1881 President Erastus Snow came to look over the situation. He felt the settlement of the upper valleys had been made

904 IMPROVEMENT ERA

permanent, beautiful places located in Snowflake, Taylor, St.

Johns, Springerville, Eagerville, Concho, and in all that, the

Order towns had aided greatly. He praised the work they had

done and released them; urged them to go to San Juan, or the

Gila, rather favoring the San Juan; giving as a reason afterwards that the Gila would build itself up, but they would have to

call people to the other.

In accordance with the wishes expressed, Monroe accompanied Brother George Lake through the San Juan country without finding what interested them. A visit to the Gila gave better

results, and the Order company moved over, and bought a piece of land in Graham on the north side of the Gila river. Monroe

stayed there only a week or two, then went and took up a homestead about six miles northwest from Pima, across the river, renting land from a Mr. Humphrey to raise a crop while getting

his own ready for cultivation. Three times they were driven

into town by Indian raids. Once when the river was very high

one of the men swam the stream and went to Pima for aid. In

answer, a party came, built a boat and ferried them across to safety.

Another time Geronimo, with about fifty Indians, who had killed a Mexican sheep herder and family, above San Jose, also others in the vicinity, came down the ridge. Six of them left

the band and with their guns in their hands, came to the tent where he was. "I guess we are in for it,"he told his wife, "give

them anything they ask for,"and he lay on the bed with his hands under his head, where his revolt er could be out of sight, with his finger on the trigger ready for instant action in case of need. When they came up, his wife asked if they were hungry,

to which they replied with a grunt, and she divided a sack of flour and some shorts among them. While one of the older girls

had taken the younger children to pray in the room where they slept, the Indians stood and talked two or three minutes, then, to the great relief of all, walked away. When they reached the

band on the hill, Geronimo gave a whoop, and all started away, taking a team of horses belonging to William Hawkins, that had been staked near. Mr. Hawkins came up, and the two walked

out on the ridge where the Indians had started from; when Monroe was prompted to give a yell; which he did, waving his hat

as though to someone behind. The Indians supposedly thinking

it must be soldiers from Ft. Thomas, began to whip their horses,

and left on a big run, and to lighten their load began to throw away blankets, pans, etc., which were continually found for two

or three years after.

Other settlers soon came in, and they built a canal, soon well known as the "Curtis Ditch,"one of the best in the valley,

MOSES MONROE CURTIS, PIONEER 905

though not a long one. It was widened to twelve feet and all the

earth dug with a pick and shovel. A little town soon grew, called

after his father and him, Curtis ward; later Eden; where he was

chosen first bishop, May 10, 1883, with William Ballard first and

S. J. Sinims, as second counselor. His wife Malina taught the

first school in the place. March 8, 1884, his wife, Martha Simms

died, leaving her younger chidren for Josephine to be a mother to, which she faithfully did till her death in Thatcher, January 11, 1916.

Till after Monroe was seventy, he never lived in a place that he did not help to start, by helping to build a fort, as in

Provo, Salem, Brigham City, Arizona and Eden, then finally building on the townsite. About ten years ago he moved from

the old homestead in Eden, to Thatcher, where Josephine died.

His home is now in Pima, Arizona, where he lives hale and hearty at the age of 83.

Tlwteher, Arizona.

A Little Too Much is Just Enough

By Frank Herbert Sweet

"The wind is in the east tonight,"said Ria significantly, as her brother Hector entered the hall, shut the front door with a bang and marched straight upstairs without his usual cheery hail, "Hello, Folks. Dinner 'most ready?"

Uncle Joe, who had dropped in on the way to his rooms farther up the street, nodded assent.

"Looks like it,"he said. "But maybe it'll change pretty

soon. Your dinner smells good."

"Stay and taste it,"urged his sister, hospitably, though her eyes had an anxious look. "You used to like boiled dinners

a boy; and if nothing is the matter withHector—when you were

"Oh, he's all right, mother,"laughed Ria. "But do stay,

Uncle Joe. I want you to taste my apple dumplings."

Mr. Joseph Landis threw up both hands.

"I surrender,"he said helplessly. "Maybe I could have

resisted the boiled dinner alone, but apple dumplings coming settles it."up as reinforcements—that

The dinner was as good as it smelled, and passed off pleasantly enough in spite of Hector's clouded brow. It was only

when uncle and nephew were left alone, while mother and daughter cleared the table and washed the dishes, that the old man saw fit to notice it.

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Well, Hecky, what's on your mind?"he asked genially.

"You don't seem to be finding life 'one grand, sweet song'for some reason. Anything gone wrong at the works?"

"Everything,"was the short answer. "I've about made up

my mind to quit the works. I've had all I can stand of Dave

Lafferts. Lafferts is in charge c my division. But he's a

shirk, all the same. The last three months he's just been piling

more and more responsibilities onto me."

"Responsibility won't hurt you, boy,"put in Uncle Joe.

"But go on and tell me about it."

"He gets the pay and I do the work,"said Hector. "I'm

going to quit."

"I wouldn't do that,"protested Uncle Joe. "No, Hecky,

I wouldn't do that."

"What would you do?"

"I'd do more work."

"But I tell you I'm doing two men's work already—Laffert's

and my own. The minute I'm through in the shop he calls

skips. That's the last of him until afterme into the office—and

lunch. This afternoon he tried the same trick."

"Well, do more work."

"That's a little too much, Uncle Joe,"Hector answered huffily. The older man chuckled.

"Sometimes a little too much is just enough,"he said, laying a broad, comfortable hand on his nephew's shoulder. "Fight

it out on that line for three months, Hecky, and see what happens. A shirk may get by for a while, but he can't last. And

it's the work which no one compels you to do—the things not

set down in the contract—which pay the best in the long run."

Hector drew a long breath, but he kept dilent. A little

later, however, having made preparations to go upstairs, he paused beside the table and said with a smile, as he looked at his uncle reading on the other side:

"I've decided to take your advice, Uncle Joe, much as I dislike it. I'll try it out for what it is worth.'*

And in less than the three months he had mentioned, Uncle

Joe was invited to another dinner at his sister's—this time a

holiday affair and the wind "due south,"and one of Ria's lemon pies for dessert. Hector had been promoted to the position

formerly held by Da\e Lafferts and Lafferts was dropped from the payroll.

"A little too much is just enough, eh, Hecky?"asked Mr.

Joseph Landis as he gave his nephew's shoulder a congratulatory thump, and the young man answered heartily:

"Just enough, Uncle Joe—and thank you."

Waynesboro, Va.

Two Incidents of the Mexican Revolution* The Five Masked Men

By Armond Jackson

A few days after all the "Mormons"were compelled to leave

Mexico, Mr. Jackson and two of his sons were staying to take

care of their flour mill near Casas Grandes.

A company of "Mormons"were leaving from all the colonies in the mountains; not one American was staying behind;

they were driving some cattle and horses out and therefore left secretly.

Mr. Jackson had been tormented so much by the Mexicans

that he finally decided to take his two sons and go with the company to El Paso where his family had gone.

He made arrangements with the mountain people to have them, send a man to notify him when they passed through the hills on their way to the states, so that he and his sons could go with them. But when they left they failed to notify Mr. Jackson of their leaving.

When he learned that they had gone he immediately hitched up the buggy and started with his sons, early one morning for the United States; but he was not successful in making their

get-a-way, because along early in the afternoon, they were overtaken by a band of men who compelled them to return to the mill to grind wheat for them.

One or two evenings after their return Mr. Jackson was

sitting in the house reading a newspaper by the light of a lantern. His oldest son, who was a goodsized man, was at a Mexican friend's house, and the other boy was not present, eithei

therefore, Mr. Jackson was alone in the house.

After finishing a paragraph that he was reading Mr. Jackson looked at his watch and seeing that it was ten o'clock,

picked up the lantern to go and stop the mill for the night. On

stepping through the door into the next room, he came face to face with a masked and armed man. Mr. Jackson immediately stopped and asked the Mexican what he desired. The

man replied that he would like to see him outside.

*These are composition exercises of the English C. Class, selected

from a number of such given in the Juarez stake Academy, L. Meecham,

Jr., principal Editors.

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I am right here,"said Mr. Jackson, "and if you want to see

mje, you can see me as well here as outside."

The man raising his gun, said, "Come out or die."

Mr. Jackson thinking it just as easy to die inside as outside,

refused again.

The man then said that he needed some flour. So Mr. Jackson consented to go and give him some; picked up the lantern,

which the Mexican now said he could not take. Mr. Jackson

remembering that he had a lantern in the mill, started out without a light. On reaching the outside door he found another man of the same type as the first, who stayed with him

while the other went to one side of the house for another man,

Two of these stayed with Mr. Jackson while the other went

around to the other side of the house and brought two men, one from one side, the other from the rear.

Then the man who seemed to be the leader said they were ready to go to the mill. On reaching the mill Mr. Jackson

lighted the other lantern and saw that all five men were masked and well armed. They said nothing, and Mr. Jackson went to

work and sacked them each fifty pounds of flour.

They picked up the flour and started to leave, which made

Mr. Jackson feel much better. But before reaching the door,

their leader set his sack down and turned back to Mr. Jackson,

the others following.

"It is not flour we want,"said the Mexican, "but we have orders from Casas Grandes to bring you in either dead or alive."

"Let me see your orders,"returned Mr. Jackson. They

would not show any order, and therefore Mr. Jackson refused

to go. After some arguing, they asked him for some money.

Mr. Jackson said he had none. "We will search you and the

whole place then,"said the Mexican.

Mr. Jackson had been over to Dublan that day thinking

he could find a chance to go to the United States on the train, and still had on his body a belt of money that he was going to take. And being afraid that they would search him, he pulled

from his pocket about 35 or 40 dollars in change, and began to count it out to them. While doing so William, his eldest son,

and his Mexican friend, having seen the light in the mill, came over and entered just in time to see Mr. Jackson counting

out the money. They both walked up to where Mr. Jackson

was, with their hands in their back pockets, and as brave and big as they could.

The men seeing them immediately picked up their sacks, took the money and left as soon as they could get out of the door.

The next day Mr. Jackson went to Casas Grandes to see the

President, who said he had given no such orders. Mr. Jackson

INCIDENTS OF THE MEXICAN REVOLUTION 909

had recognized two of the men by marks on their faces. These

two were arrested and put in jail while the others were not found.

An Answer to Prayer

By Olive Done

God hears each liule servant's prayer

Who breathes it in his heart, And kindty drops an answer there

To help each to do his part.

"Grandma, there's two Mexican's out by the barnyard gate calling for Grandpa."

"Alright, Delia, you take Bessie into the bedroom and sit by the window where you can see what is going on, but don't let her get frightened if you can help it. I am going out there

with grandpa to see what they want."

As soon as Mr. Moffett reached the gate the natives demanded entrance. So he opened the gate and let them in. They

searched every building and place that they wanted to until they came to a small adobe building which was locked.

"Open this door,"they demanded.

"I will not do it,"answered Mr. Moffett. "Who told you

to come here for hay or anything else, I'd like to know?"

"Our major sent us here to get six bales of hay, and we intend to get into this building,"they said, pointing their guns into Mr. Foffett's face. "Open it, or we shall shoot."

"You will do no such thing,"cried Mrs. Moffett, stepping

between the men and her husband. One of the men then

pushed the brave little woman aside and the other began to beat Mr. Moffett with his gun. But he would not open the door.

He knew that if he did that his cattle would go hungry and that they would take his horse besides.

Finally they decided to take him to Casas Grandes to the judge. As soon as they made this decision, Mis. Moffett went

into the house, where she found the two little girls clinging to each other trembling with fear. "Be brave now, darlings, and

lock the doors good, because I must go to Casas Grandes with

Grandpa.""What will they do to you?"cried Bessie choking with

sobs. "I don't know, but we'll soon be back. Goodbye,"she said

as she stooped to kiss them. "Be Grandma's little women."

The children watched them as long as they could see them.

910 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Then they locked the doors securely and began to talk. "Don't

you think the Lord will help them, if we would pray to him, about it?"suggested Bessie. "Of course, he would,"said Delia.

So they knelt down side by side and offered up a simple petition to heaven.

When Mr. and Mrs. Moffett reached the court, they told the

judge what had happened. The judge seemed very impatient,

and sent for the major who said that he had nothing to do with it, and that he had not told them to get hay from Mr. Moffett,

or even gin en permission to go off.

So the soldiers were punished severely, and Mr. and Mrs.

Moffett were set free. When they reached home they found

their dear, little grandchildren praying the second time for the welfare of their grandparents.

NEW MASTERS

Masters'Degrees were received by these students at the Brigham Young

University, Provo, Utah, June 8, 1923. Left to right: Willis A. Smith,

Ernest A. Jacobsen, Delila Higgs, Maude Beeley Jacobs, Henry Ray Hatch,

B. Glenn Smith.

.

g 3 a 3 * & *p z '* l"* is"*

o EH 2*!*

S&gS *"? * B S a iJ2a ff a* H s S *c ft * 3.* 2 ba

* 2 H** 8 ** B & Jio2r?G*

j SB a "* rs<**. a 3 - b

B I*

* ft S ft >*—

B 3asi2ioy

i?* pS- b s

b pa ft - (bb 5 Wa

Ff-—-* bd 2.2.*?sgj* -> ft b at j b'R?2b S- gg,* JTs* P.Br'*

& 4 P Dp,** S3.*Z!SaB ** 2.2

ft i* H*r:

b> B '. S? - e

"& 9 B w * "fJ D ft -* o Mission Houses Dedicated At Dresden, Germany

By Elder Richard P. Middleton

An important event in the development of the Church in Dresden,

Germany, April 22, 1923, was the dedication of a splendid new chapel.

Visitors from all parts of the Dresden conference attended the ceremonies.

There was a Sunday School convention in the morning followed by a sacrament meeting in the afternoon during which the dedicatory prayer was offered by Conference President Joseph Duran. Spirited gospel addresses

were also made. In the evening a delightful program was presented, along

with the reports from the officers of the various organizations of the

Dresden branch. In recognition of his tireless efforts in purchasing the

new home and directing its renovation and preparation, President Duran was presented with a bouquet of carnations by the members of the branch.

The exercises were concluded Monday evening with a large dancing party featured by entertainment in the form of costume dances, a oneact playlet, and comic offerings from visiting missionaries from Chemnitz. The visitors at the meetings numbered between four and five hundred. Many of

them expressed their satisfaction and joy in being able to partake of the spirit manifested.

The lot is 75x120 feet, with the fourstory building 45x75 feet. The

new home might well excite the envy of many a ward in Zion. It was

used for several years as a place for the production of concerts, theatricals and dances. It is familiar to most of the inhabitants of Dresden. Under

the direction of President Duran who purchased the property, it has been completely renovated, freshly painted, and attractively decorated. The

speakers'platform, and the sacrament table in front of it, have been built in a very attractive design. The motto, "The Glory of God is Intelligence"

in neat letters of gold, greets the eye above the stand, with the bee hive below it. A canvas curtain separates the main hall from a well constructed

stage which can be used for the production of amateur theatricals. The

floor of the hall is of polished oak. The chairs have been finished in an

attractive, deep brown color which harmonizes well with the decoration scheme. In addition to the main hall there is a smaller assembly room

where congregations up to a hundred persons can be conveniently accommodated. The class rooms are large, bright, and comfortable. The largest

of them has been properly furnished and set apart for the meetings of the

Relief Society and for the daily morning gatherings of the active missionaries in Dresden. The building contains quarters for two missionaries and for the caretaker and his family. After the long years of persecution before the war, during which the Saints were driven from pillar

to post and compelled to pay fines for holding meetings, and after the following years of housing shortage in Germany, during which the branch has had to be content to occupy makeshift quarters, the opportunity of entering the imposing new home gives a sensation very much like that experienced on emerging from darkness into light. Members and missionaries alike are overjoyed.

The work of preaching the gospel message is going steadily forward. Eight

missionaries are engaged and headway is more apparent every day. This

year 43 baptisms have been performed so frr. Great interest has been

914 IMPROVEMENT ERA

aroused by the imposing showing we are able to make in our new home, and we are expecting wonderful opportunities in the near future to make friends and find investigators for our cause. The breaking down of the

influence of sectarianism as a result of the delusions of war days makes the people especially ready to listen to new ideas in the religious line.

Following the dedicatory exercises the missionaries and visiting elders from Chemnitz availed themselves of the opportunity of going to Meissen, a famous old German city, to visit the famous porcelain factory where the socalled "Dresden China"is manufactured. The process of making china

ware is most fascinating, and the products of the factory are exquisite in their beauty. Meissen boasts one of the most famous old cathedrals and

castles of Germany. This city has an especial interest for members of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, because it is the city where the gifted educator, Dr. Karl G. Maeser, was born and spent his boyhood.

The missionaries inquired as to the location of his old dwelling, but were merely able to ascert in the street on which he had lived. An old cemetery

surrounding an ancient church in the city contains two grave stom j bearbrothers or sisters. The story of theing the name "Maeser"—perhaps

conversion and baptism of Dr. Maeser, in 18C5, in the cilv cf Dresden is

one of the interesting incidents in the Listory of the Church. Those who

have access to'old volumes of the Era should read it, as it appeared from his own pen in the year 1899. His baptism, along with seven others marked

the opening of the missionary work in Germany, a work which his since grown to such proportions that one c?.n now find branches of the Church

in practically every city of importance in the German nation.

Dresden, Germany

At Pesega, Samoa

By John Q. Adams, President of the Samoan Mission

As the three accompanying illustrations tell their own story we need write but a brief paragraph concerning the occasion they represent. One of

the appreciated results of the month's visit here in 1921, of Elders McKay and Cannon, was the opening of the way for the erection of some of these buildings at headquarters.

In June, 1922, we commenced to raze the old Pesega building which had seen service for a quarter of a century as a combined church, mission home and school house. From then until April of this year a busy ten

months of building ensued. The best material from the old building, together

with sufficient new lumber and so forth, was utilized in constructing a commodious school house at the rear, facing east. It is open, has wide

eaves and proves to be cool and perfectly fitted to its purpose, being of a new and somewhat novel style of tropical architecture. The new Church

building stands on the exact site of the old one and the Mission Home is the building formerly owned by the Ah Mu estate. It is in a good state of

preservation, is a sevenroom building and has been painted and repaired so that it is now pretentious and comfortable. It and the acre lot on

which it stands were purchased six months ago, and as the Church holds an unlimited lease on the adjoining acre lot, these two wellsituated lots combined form an ideal site for mission headquarters. The school house

measures 75 by 28 feet, and is divided into four class rooms. The Church

building is 60 by 32 feet. The view of this group of buildings as one

approaches from Apia is an excellent one that will impress everyone and arouse inquiries. The heavy labor of these ten months was all done by

MISSION HOUSES DEDICATED 915

TOP: SCHOOL HOUSE; CENTER: ELDERS QUARTERS: BOTTOM* CHURCH, ALL AT PESEGA, SAMOA.

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA

elders and Saints without one cent of cost to the Church, and the Relief

Society sisters took turns by families in each day supplying workers with a big basket of native and purchased food, one family sometimes bringing in as much as $6 or $7 worth in one day. They also contributed cash, together with Saints at large, as well as people outside of the Church, to the

extent of hundreds of dollars.

Impressive dedicatory services were held April 6, 7, and 8, but as an account of this will appear in The Deseret News we shall let this suffice.

We here are all appreciative of these three necessary buildings at mission headquarters, and it will prove an impetus to the work here, which is satisfactorily aggressive. Elders and Saints are well, happy and busy and

the outlook is promising.

Apia, Samoa.

Affirmative Negative Vessie Carver

Leslie Nuha Evan Murray Vernon Obray J. Ceeil Bott Manager

BRIGHAM YOUNG COLLEGE DEBATING TEAMS, WINNERS OF THE CHURCH JUNIOR COLLEGE TITLE

Debating in the Junior Colleges of the Church

By Ernest L. Wilkinson, of Weber College, President of the Church

Debating League

The year 192122 was the first year that our Junior colleges debated wifh one another as a league. The League had its inception at the Church

School Convention, held in Salt Lake City in the fall of 1921. Prof. Herbert

B. Maw, of the L. D. S. U. was named President of the League with four

schools entering. The B. Y. U. won over Ricks College, and Weber College

was bested by the L. D. S. U. No final contest was held.

At the annual Church School Convention last October, it was decided to carry through a sixteam Junior College League to be composed of Ricks

College, the Brigham Young College, the Weber College, the Latterday

Saints High School, the Snow Academy and the Dixie College. Two triangles, a northern and a southern, were formed and it was decided that the

winners, both affirmative and negative of these two triangles, should meet to decide the Church Junior College title. Ernest L. Wilkinson was elected

president of the I eague. President F. S. Harris generously responded to the

DEBATING IN JUNIOR COLLEGES 917

efforts that were made by the League Chairman and others, to obtain some substantial award for the successful debaters, by offering each of them a year's scholarship at the Brigham Young University.

Considerable interest arose early in the season in the Northern triangle;

hence, when the team representing the Ricks Normal College journeyed to Logan to meet the Brigham Young College affirmative teams on theLeague question—"Resolved, that for the United States the Parliamentary

system is a better form of government than the Presidential System"—the

large auditorium in Nibley Hall was filled. Unusual insight into the question, and a ready grasp of the problems involved made the discussion well

worth while. Tbe judges declared the B. Y. C. winners by a twoone vote.

More fortunate were the Ricks affirmative team, the same day at Rexburg, where, before a large audience, they defeated the Weber College negative team by a twoone decision. The B. Y. C. negative team fared better still in

the debate with the Weber affirmative team at Ogden where, on the same date, they won a three judge decision. These debates gave the B. Y. C.

the Northern Division title with a clear record.

In the Southern triangle which was composed of the L. D. S.

University, the Snow Normal, and the Dixie Normal, the debates were postponed, until Friday, March 30. In the debate at Ephraim, the L. D. S. U.

negative team triumphed over Snow's debaters, but her affirmative team was less fortunate in the contest with Dixie's negative team at Salt Lake City.

This contest was won by the southern team by a twoone verdict. The

affirmative team of Dixie in the St. George contest with Snow's negative

team equalled B. Y. C.'s record in the Northern triangle by winning a

three judge decision. Dixie had thus come through the triangle contests

with a clear record in debate decisions and had won by the same margin as had the B. Y. C. in the North, that is, they had won five out of a total

of six judges.

On Friday, April 6, both the affirmative and the negative teams of the winners in the two triangles, met at Barratt HalL in Salt Lake City, with the

Church School Junior title at stake. Commissioner of Education John A.

Widtsoe, Doctors Andrew L. Neff and Raymond D. Harriman of the University of Utah, and Prof. Ernest L. Wilkinson, of Weber, acted as judges in

the first contest, while Attorneys Preston D. Richards and D. A. Skeen, both

of Salt Lake, and Dean W. H. Leary of the University of Utah, acted in the

same capacity during the second one. The judges of the first debate handed

in their decision at the close of the debate but the announcement of the result was withheld until the close of the second debate. In both, the

Brigham Young College was adjudged the winner by a twoone vote. These

debates marked the culmination of the series and in point of excellence were undoubtedly the best. Certainly they were of an order to reflect high

credit on the system.

Clean sportsmanship characterized the Church School debates throughout the whole season. The friendly and generous attitude of the different

schools was illustrated by response to the suggestion of the League Chairman that each school bear its portion of the entire expense of two leagues.

In this way, although the expense of Dixie amounted to practically three hundred dollars, the Dixie student body had to pay about one hundred dollars, the same as borne by the other student associations. With such a

friendly spirit as a basis, it is not too much to expect that in the future these debates will grow in number and increase in interest.

Logan, Utah..,

Preaching

By Nephi Jensen, former President of the Canadian Mission

While on a mission in Canada, I had occasion to examine carefully the passages in the Doctrine and Covenants on preaching. In this examination I found that the Lord has given rather

definite and comprehensive instructions on all important phases of preaching the gospel. These revelations speak of (1) Preparation for preaching; (2) The qualifications of the preacher; (3)

The correct spirit and manner of preaching: (4) What to preach;

and (5) The effect of divine preaching.

In the following paragraphs these divine instructions are arranged under the five heads here mentioned, with the words bearing dlirectly on the subject italicized.

Preparation for Preaching "Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you, that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are expedient for you to understand;

"Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and under the.earth; things

which have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things which are at home, things which are abroad; the wars and

the perplexities of the nations, and the judgments which are on the land;

and a knowledge also of countries and of kingdoms."—Doc. and Cov.

88:7879. "And the Spirits slwll be given unto you by the prayer of faith; and

if ye receive not the Spirit, ye shall not teach."—Doc. and Cov. 42:14.

"And ye are to be taught from on high. Sanctify yourselves and ye

shall be endowed with power, that ye may give even as I have spoken."

Doc. and Cov. 43:16.

Qualifications of Those Who Minister for God "And no one can assist in this work, except he shall be humble and full of love, having faith, hope, and charity, being temperate in all things, whatsoever shall be intrusted to his care."—Doc. and Cov. 12:8.

Spirit and Manner of Preaching "He that speaketh, whose spirit is contrite, whose language is meek and edifieth, the same is of God if he obey mine ordinances."—Doc. and

Cov. 52:16.

"Remember that that which cometh from above is sacred, and must be spoken with care, and by constraint of the Spirit; and in this there is

no condemnation, and ye receive the Spirit through prayer; wherefore,

without this there remaineth condemnation."—Doc. and Cov. 63:64.

"And thou shalt do it with all humility, trusting in me, reviling not against revilers."—Doc. and Cov. 19:30.

"And let your preaching be the warning voice, every man to his neighbor, in mildness and in meekness."—Doc. and Cov. 38:41.

"Wherefore, go forth, crying with a loud voice, saying: The kingdom

PREACHING 919

of heaven is at hand; crying, Hosttnna\ blessed be the name of the Most

High God."—Doc. and Cov. 39:19.

"And after thou hast come up unto the land of?ion, and hast proclaimed my word, thou shalt speedily return, proclaiming my word among

the congregations of the wicked, not in haste, neither in wrath nor with strife"—Doc. and Cov. 60:14.

Wlutt to Preach "And that which doth rJot edify is not of God, and is darkness.—Doc.

and Cov. 50:23.

"And of tenets thou shalt not talk, but thou shalt declare repentance and faith on the Savior, and remission of sins by baptism and by fire, yea, even of the Holy Ghost."—Doc. and Cov. 19:31.

"Say nothing but repeittance unto this generation; keep my commandments, and assist to bring forth my work, according to my commandments, and you shall be blessed.''—Doc. and Cov. 6:9.

"And they shall observe the covenants and church articles to do them, and these shall be their teachings, as they shall be directed by the Spirit."

Doc. and Cov. 42:13.

"And let them journey from thence preaching the word by the way, saying none other things than that ivhich the prophets and apostles Jiave written, and that which is taught them by the Comforter through the prayer of faith."—Doc. and Cov. 52:9.

"And thou shalt do it with all humility, trusting in me, reviling not against revilers.

"And of tenets thou shalt not talk, but thou shalt declare repentance and faith on the Savior, and remission of sins by baptism and by fire, yea, even the Holy Ghost."—Doc. and Cov. 19:3031.

Effect and Consequences of Didine Preaching "And whatsoever they shall speak when moved by the Holy Ghost, shall be scripture, shall be the will of the Lord, shall be the mind of the

Lord, shall be the word of the Lord, shall be the voice of the Lord, and the power of God unto Salvation."—Doc. and Cov. 68:4.

"Seek not to declare my word, but first seek to obtain my word, and then shall your tongue be loosed; then, if you desire, you shall have my

Spirit and my word, yea, the power of God unto convincing of men."—

Doc. and Cov. 11:21.

"For this is a day of warning, and not a day of many words. For I,

the Lord, am not to be mocked in the last days."—Doc. and Cov. 63:58.

Life Eternal

Though thy temple has departed The winning of life eternal,

And must return to clay, The goal thou now hast won;

Thy spirit, dear, lives ever on Reward of tender faithfulness,

Illumining thy way. When mission here is done.

Amid the blackened, dreary hours Oh darling one, I love you so;

Of sorrow, strife, and sin, God bless you ever, dear

The eyes of love still beckon me Though thy temple be departed,

And urge me on to win. I know thou'rt very near.

Nephi, Utah. Richard Insoore.

Timely Thoughts from the June Conference

Touching Duties of Officers and Obligations of M. I. A.

Workers and Members

To Know the Truth is Great, But to Applj it is a

Wonderful Thing to Learn Never do anything in your lives that will prevent you from bowing before the Lord and asking him to bless you while you are performing that labor or that thing. You officers represent the youth of Zion, more than

one hundred thousand of them! Wie would like you to feel that those you

represent are the hope of this world. It is not only that they are just

young men and young women, but they are a particular group upon whom will devolve the responsibility of bearing the message of life and salvation to the children of men. We would like to feel that you are

indeed waiting upon the Lord for the inspiration of his holy Spirit, that you may go to your fields of labor filled and thrilled with a desire to lead these sons and daughters of our heavenly Father in the pathway that will insure them success in this vlife and glory and immortality in his presence. * * * It is one thing to know the truth—most of you are

familiar with the truth—but it is a much more wonderful thing to learn

to apply that truth in our lives. Mutual Improvement is dedicated to that

wonderful task. Mutual Improvement is dedicated to bring into the lives

of the youth of this land the truth, and to teach them to apply it in their lives. There are some of whom it has been said that they are ever

learning but never coming to a knowledge of the truth. Mutual Improvement workers must not be found in that particular group. * * *

"We work in this life for earthly riches. "We cannot take any of them

with us, not any of them, not a dollar, not a share of stock, not an acre of land; but there has been placed within the reach of every man and

every woman in this great organization an opportunity to lay up treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not corrupt nor thieves break through and steal. This is your opportunity. You do not even have to be a great

financier; you do not have to be a great politician—all that you need is the

love of mankind in your souls, and the blessings of our heavenly Father that will flow to you as a result of your faith and devotion. This will

enrich your lives, and you will lay up treasures where they will be eternally profitable to you. From Superintendent George Albert Smith's

Opening Address.

What Officers Do Has a Greater Influence Than What

They Say It is useless for anybody to try to do very much in this Church without the assistance of the Lord. They cannot progress; they cannot have

inspiration, influence and power over the youth of Zion unless they have the companionship of the holy Spirit. It is a wonderful missionary work

to which you are called. Let us take it up with the true missionary

spirit, remembering always that what we do and what we are has far greater weight with the young people especially, than what we say. So

it rests upon you and each one of us to live as near to the Lord as we can, show to our young people that we are sincere, that we are earnest and that we have a testimony of the truth in our hearts; and let it be your

ambition always, foremost of everything else, to try to help the youth of

TIMELY THOUGHTS FROM THE JUNE CONFERENCE 921

Zion to gain a testimony of the truth for themselves. When the Young

Ladies Mutual Improvement Association was organized President Brigham Young said: "We want our young people organized into associations

where they can take up the study of the gospel and gain for themselves a testimony of its truth, for the day will come when they who have this testimony in their hearts will be able to stand the tests that are coming among the Latterday Saints."—President Martha H. Tiiigey, in her address of welcome.

The Advanced Senior Class Work for 192324

Sister Augusta W. Grant of the Y. L. M. 1. A., addressed the meeting

on this topic:—The subject for this year is "Life's Visions and Purposes."

This word vision, as we use it here, does not refer to spiritual manifestations, as it sometimes does. It is rather hard to define. The dictionary

gives three parts to the definition: First, our eye sight. We may say the

natural vision of our eyes, what we see with our natural eyes. Second,

the spiritual vision we may have. Third, to perceive with the eye of

intelligence or imagination. To me it means the outlook we have upon life,

the picture of the future that is before us, its possibility; our dreams, our

ideals and our inspirations; what we desire our lives to be; what we can

see that we can make of them, and what we mean to make of them. You

known the quotation President Heber J. Grant has given so many times

from Lord Lytton: "Dream, O youth, dream nobly and manfully, and

your dreams shall be our prophets."The Bible says: "Your old men shall

have dreams, and your young men shall see visions."Mr. Mott, who is

a man well known nationally and who is worth listening to, gives as the definition of vision, as he regards it: "To see things; to see what others

do not see; to see further than they see, and to see before they see."

What can we say of Brigham Young as a man of vision? When he

stopped on the hillside out here, where the monument has been erected, saying, "This is the place,"what was the picture before him, as he looked forward? We do not need to draw on our imagination to see this picture

now; we can stand there on the same spot and look out and see as an

actual accomplishment what he saw with the eye of his intelligence, as we say, with prophetic vision; and long before that the Prophet Joseph

Smith looked forward and saw the empire west of the Rocky Mountains that the people would build. What we see in the following lesson topics,

what our visions of these subjects are, will occupy the teachers and members for the Advanced Senior classes for 1923-4:

1. Our Class: (a) Definition of vision; (b) Scope of lessons; (c) The

advantages of vision and purpose. 2. My Future Self, (a) As I see myself;

(b) As I purpose myself. 3. The Education for Me: (a) What I would

like; (b) What I am going to have. 4. The Eternal Union. 5. My Kingdom;

(a) As I see it; (b) As I build it. 6. My Institutional Obligations: State,

Church, Social. 7. My Service. 8. My Service (continued). 9. My

Aesthetic Existence. 10. My Physical Fitness. 11. My Spiritual Strength;

Obedience to the Laws of the Lord. 12. Individual Estimates of the

Course; Social, Education, Spiritual. 13. Our Community. 14. Our State.

15. Our Republic. 16. The Church as a Miracle, or as Gift from God to

Man. 17. The Church as a Natural Growth. 18. The Church as a protector.

19. The Church as a Distributor of Truth. 20. The Church as a Trainer.

21. The Church as a Social Savior. 22. The Church as a Spiritual Life Preserver. 23. The Church as the best Investment on Earth: Time, Energy,

and Means. 24. Class Reunion.

"Our Opportunity"In those boys between the ages of twelve and fourteen, you see in prospect, orators, statemen, scientists, artists, generals, teachers and preach922 IMPROVEMENT ERA

era, and men who, if their lives happen to be touched just right, will make themselves renowned. It is your opportunity to touch them. If you take

care of the boys, the senior department will take care of itself. This is a

peculiar age of the boy—it is not the age of reason; it is the age of emotion, when religious feelings sweep over him, when he receives impressions

lasting forever. Man does not change much after he is twenty; he may

keep on growing, but after all the seed is planted. If you are going to

make men of boys, you must go deeper than the intellect, you must touch the heart and the will. No man can put over to a boy something he

hasn't got himself. A man cannot be a strong, silent force without at the

same time inspiring those with him. The thing that saves and inspires

boys is human sympathy. Human sympathy cannot be fought against

successfully. There is a something about it that will melt the heart of

all. B. S. Hinckley, of the Y. M. M. I. A. Board in the General Session

where Scout and Junior work was featured.

"Our Plan"I have been impressed with the lives of Washington, Lincoln, Alexander the Great and Napoleon; but there is the great Character who will

remain in history, and will impress the race as did no other Being—the

man who achieved the greatest thing possible in the history of mankind.

That wonderful Character must be constantly brought before youth as the great model he must follow—Jesus Christ, the Son of God. We hold fast

to that ideal in our minds, and it must never be sacrificed, not for anything else in the world. Oscar A. Kirkham, Executive Director, Y. M.

M. I. A. "Planting the Seed of Faith"With a tree, when once the bark is cut off, the place is still rough, and sometimes, through the heat, the sunshine and the elements, the plant is warped and its beauty is greatly diminished for all time. We are the

gardeners in God's great garden. Unto us is entrusted the responsibility

of protecting these plants, of throwing up a bulwark that will keep the elements from knocking the branches together and bruising and barking them, and cutting out the wood that is useless and only fit for burning, while the remainder might bear good fruit. * * * We must be true

ourselves if we the truth would teach. We who are the gardeners in God's

great garden, among these young fellows, are the ones who are to plant the seeds of faith in their hearts in such a way that they can never forget.

Nicholas G. Smith, of the General Board, Y. M. M. I. A.

The Boy Must be Shaped Before the Hardening

Takes Place We are working with boys. We are working with pieces of wet clay.

Our process of work with those pieces of wet clay is a process of patting and shaping. We, in the work with the wet clay, then are the sculptors,

patting that wet clay so that it shall take a figure of a real scout and all that means. All too soon this piece of wet clay assumes its definite shape,

and then the only process of change, the only process of affecting that piece of hard clay is a process of cracking and splitting and crumbling.

Our lives as men, through our experiences, perhaps, may be likened to the splitting and crumbling, but with our boys the process of shaping began before the hardening takes place. What is the process? Shall we give

these boys a book to read? Shall we show them pictures of things? No,

my brothers, we cannot do it that way. This process of patting, so far

as the boy is concerned, on his part, is a process of imitation. He will

get his lessons of life while the clay is still wet, through imitations, and you leaders will have to guarantee that in front of that boy is placed a man

TIMELY THOUGHTS FROM THE JUNE CONFERENCE 923 worthy of his imitation.—From the address of Clwrles N. Miller, Regional

Executive, Boy Scouts of America.

"M"Men Final Contests in Public Speaking and Male Quartets

The final contests in public speaking and male quartet singing were held on Friday afternoon, June 8. Mario Pusey,

representing Salt Lake stake, was adjudged winner in the final public speakingcontest, the other contestant being LeRoy Neeley, of the Idaho district. Mario is the son of Mr. and Mrs.

J. S. Pusey of Woodruff, Utah, and is a member of the editorial staff of The Deseret News.

He spoke on "Leadership."'In the semifinal contests, others who took part were Verle

Fry, Logan district; L. R. Budge, Ogden district; Charles H. Dixon, Utah county district;

May McMurray, Idaho district. Mr. Pusey

was the representative of the 22nd ward, and has won out in four preliminary contests. He

is a graduate of the L. D. S. University, 1922,

having been valedictorian of the Senior class

MARLO PUSEY an< editor of the Gold and Blue.

The Utah stake quartet, composed of Carrell Waters, Howard Waters,

THE WINNING QUARTET

924 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Glenn Holley, and Leslie Houtz, all of Mapleton, took first place in the singing contest, having won out in their district. The other quartet

contesting was composed of Louis Iverson, Lester Hovey, Anthon Lund anl Herschel Lund. The song was "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep."

Church Organization for Recreation

The men and women who are chosen to head this recreational work must not only be interested in recreational work; they must be spiritul

minded individuals as well, seeing the point of view that the ultimate purpose of our being interested in this recreational work is to keep our young people safe, pure, and under the influence of the Church, and keep them in such environment that they ultimately will find their way into some one or other of the Church organizations, Priesthood quorums, Sunday schools and other organizations—the end being to establish

in their hearts faith in God, love for his work, desire to serve and keep themselves during their leisure time period free from the vices and sins and contaminating influences of the world. Superintendent Melvin J.

Ballard, in the joint assembly featuring recreation.

Objectives in the Recreational Program

Our great purpose is to use the recreational facilities and these activities to promote higher ideals, character and better social relationship.

We believe that while we come together in a great many ways in a business way, in a political way, in social ways and religiously, perhaps we can increase our sympathy if we meet in places for mere enjoyment, where we can live our natural selves, that is, where we can laugh and sing and play. These are instinctive tendencies in human nature, and if we

want to know human nature well, we must observe how human nature responds to these situations. I believe we will think more of one another,

love one another more, if we get together and laugh and sing and play together.

We need all the health and vitality that God has given us and we cannot afford, and we do not want our youth to dissipate their lives in recreation and thus suffer the consequences later, and have others activitysuffer because of their carelessness—we want wholesome, outdoor

that will develop the physical power of the individual. Chairman Ephraim

E. Erickson, of the Recreation Committee.

"Putting Over the Recreational Program"

No scientist ever solved1 the problem of health and disease who had not vision. No statesman of international conclave ever worked for the

weal of humanity without vision. No sculptor ever chiseled away at

irregular marble without embodying vision. No great religious leader

or social leader but what was possessed with a power of vision to see into the future and into the hearts of men. * * * We must have right

vision, and that vision we will have in proportion to our seeking after it and our power to grasp it and to follow its light.

Recreation is not an antidote for evil; it is not a substitute for vice;

it is not a passively good thing to keep people out of mischief; it is the

warp and woof out of which a well rounded life can be woven, the material for giving benefit, life, experience, a vital, fundamental means to growth and power, not only as a substitute but it is valuable in itself. If recreation is to fill up a vacancy, just a vacuum, it is not worth while; if it is

vibrant with meaningful life value, then it is one of the greatest of national activities. Charlotte Stewart of the General Board Y. L. M. I. A.

TIMELY THOUGHTS FROM THE JUNE CONFERENCE 925

Advanced Senior Class Matters At the department meeting of the Advanced Senior Class, the general view was held, that interest in some things interefered with consistent interest being given to all things. The following special discoveries were

stated for the benefit of workers: That where the teacher is a good

lecturer the attendance is easily kept up, indicating that there is a class of M. I. A. workers who would rather listen than read, preferring to

deal with readymade ideas than to think them out for themselves. It

was also discovered that there is little difference between the methods of the lower classes and those of the Advanced Senior grade, and the members are treated as boys and girls rather than as mature men and women. Aptness and illustrative skill in applying lessons to life are

qualities of our best class leaders. Definite individual assignments secure

the best preparation. Women make successful class leaders. A large

number of the class leaders of the Advanced Senior Class are among the best informed and most spirited men and women of the communities leading Church officials, doctors, judges, professors in colleges, high school principals and teachers. The Advanced Senior Class furnishes the

means of reaching this class of people. It was noticed that mere community publicity of the work will help to make it a greater success than

ever.

The following suggestions were made: That a class membership committee devise means and methods to secure attendance, and that more

attention be paid to keeping up an interest in the class organization by making the election of class officers! more of an event. Each set of officers should see to it that the work does not lag under their administration and that class leaders be relieved of all executive responsibility

other than that of class management during the recitative periods; also,

that the class leaders be encouraged by the receipt of expressive appreciation now and then by the members and by the organization, because it is true that the encouragement by the receiver of the service increases the efficiency of the giver of service.

Responsibility in Teaching the "M"Men

The period between the age of 17 and 23 years is the really critical time in the life of a man. During that period his character is formed,

he decides upon his life work, maps out his career and chooses his wife.

How necessary, then, how absolutely important, that he shall be carefully guided, instructed and guarded during this period of his life. Evil associations and lack of careful guardianship at this time may mar his

whole life; while loving, wise, and faithful guidance may make it. To

you officers, my brethren, is given the mighty task of shaping the lives ol the young men of Israel by a faithful, earnest, prayerful devotion to your duty, as instructors and leaders of the youth. You who have accepted

this mission have taken upon you great obligations. You cannot escape

the responsibility of the calling. It implies devotion, selfsacrificing

service, prayerfulness, pure example, preparation, study. How will you discharge this sacred obligation?

The young men are the greatest asset of the Church. God give us to

see the greatness of the task before us, that we may love it and acquit ourselves like true men and lovers of God and his children.

Why the "M"Men Movement?

The special intent of the halfhour given over to the "M"Men is to furnish the Senior young men the selfdevelopment that comes from the exercise of initiative. We are satisfied this is a good movement and the

926 IMPROVEMENT ERA

General Board desires that it shall be put into operation in all the Associations. The Board has decided to carry their privilege one step further

this season. Hereafter the "M"men, as such, have functioned only during

the last halfhour of the class period. This means that the member of the

Senior Class who is elected president of the "M"Men shall conduct the class under the direction or the presidency of the Senior Class leader.

When the Association separates for class work and the Senior Class has reached its class room, the "M"Men's president should call it to order, direct such preliminary exercises as will be necessary, and then turn the class over to the Senior Class leader to conduct the lesson, and the Senior leader shall turn it back to the president at the close of the lesson. The

Senior leader should be careful to finish the lesson work within the specified time so as not to encroach upon the time reserved for the "M"Men's activity. The place of the Senior leader is very important. His title

plainly implies his responsibility.

Senior Leader

He must be careful to allow the young men under his leadership the fullest freedom of action, and never forget that they are to exercise that freedom under his guidance. He is in charge, ever ready for encouragement, direction, loving counsel and even kind reproof when necessary.

Never with harshness, but always an everpresent influence, leading in the right direction, and everpresent controlling power. The movement was

instituted primarily to satisfy the craving of the young man to do things himself. He wants especially to do things for himself. He is restive

under restraint. He believes he knows best how to do things. He has

not yet learned much of the law of selfdenial. The truth that in order

that society may exist, each member thereof, must surrender some portion of his personal liberty, has not taken hold of his consciousness. If at this

period he is not handled carefully and withal firmly, he is liable to override all restraint and authority, and to make a great failure. In order

to provide opportunity for the proper exercise of his natural impulses to do things, the "M"Men's movement was inaugurated. We are living in

a time when every inducement is offered to boys to join organizations in which the members have entire control and where they have the fullest liberty in matters of organization, selection of officers, etc. The outstanding idea of the Church in organization and selection of officers is

that the suggestions in such matters come from the Lord through the presiding officers, and not from the people to the leaders. The beauty

of such an order is susceptible to the clearest proof, but youth is not always amenable to instruction, and particularly to oral instruction in such doctrines, and as a matter of leading them to an appreciation of this law of the Lord, it was believed to be wise to let them control their own organization under the leadership of wise brethren teaching them and helping them through the experiment, and so give them proof that in the

Church there is afforded them every opportunity for the development and exercise of every proper impulse and power.

The educational principle in learning and growing through action was recognized. The Associations, the Church, the world, needs leaders,

and the "M"Men's movement furnishes experience in leading. Small, it is

true it may be at first, but leading to the ability to direct and control larger nffairs. Our program for the young men includes opportunity for experience in conducting meetings, organizing clubs, leagues, etc., leading

tit in social and civic affairs, presiding at dinners and banquets, varied nd splendid opportunities for developing leadership and power. The

*"M"Men's movement we consider one of the greatest we have started

TIMELY THOUGHTS FROM THE JUNE CONFERENCE 927

in years of training of young men in usefulness in every walk in life, the highest citizenship in the state and for the greatest worth to the Church.

Let us get behind the movement, put it in operation, develop its power for good and blessings, and always remember that we use it for the development of true, faithful Latterday Saints.—From talk by Thos. Hull, of the

General Board, Y. M. M. I. A.

Making Latterday Saints Through Scouting

When we analyze the oath and law of a Scout we learn that it covers many great essential requirements of a real Latterday Saint, teaching him: Duty to God; reverence, love of country, to respect and obey constituted authority; to keep his body clean, to be physically strong, mentally

awake and morally straight; virtue, and giving loving service to all of

God's children. "Doing his good turn daily."Being courteous, kind,

cheerful, thrifty, brave and clean.

"Be prepared,"is the scout's motto; prepared for what? To serve

mankind. How is he prepared? By learning to give first aid, life saving, tracking, tying knots, compass for direction, public health, pathfinding

and use the knife and hatchet in the open; signalling, scout pace, etc.

Scouting is organized with a system of promotion, based on advancement and preparation for service, with badges and insignia that are attractive and of interest to every living boy. It is a program that works.

This program is a great contributor in the lives of boys, in helping to be real Latterday Saints; but the great problem is one of leadership.

We must get men of faith and character, real Latterday Saints trained in scoutcraft, to use the wonderful boy scout program in the junior work.

Just because a man has had training in the army, or is athletically inclined, is by no means an assurance that he will make a proper scout master.

These experiences are helpful, but the most important thing is that he is a real Latterday Saint, with the desire in his heart to make good Latterday Saints of all the boys he is privileged to associate with, developing in their lives the element of spirituality. With such a man and with such a

program, great blessings would come to the boys of our Church.

In using the scout program in the M. I. A. the General Board has

made a great contribution for years in the Junior Manual. This is a

wonderful help to the scout master in assisting him in teaching his scouts; duty to God, reverence, obedience to God's commandments and

constituted authority, developing spirituality in their lives. The manual

has been planned to fit in the scout program and should be carefully used throughout the year in the scout class. Datus E. Hammond, assistant

scout executive, Salt Lake Council.

Developing Leadership Through the Patrol System of Scouting

Leadership is not secured by the lecture method or the information route. The only way to make leaders is by practice. > If a boy is going to

be a camper he must camp—if a leader, lead.

The scoutmaster who does the whole thing, who is the big it, as it were, is not only overworked and swamped with detail, but he is actually appropriating to himself that which belongs to the boy. You cannot

develop the maximum amount of leadership in boys without using the

Patrol System.

A troop not organized and operated on the Patrol System is not a troop of scouts in the light of the scout program, says Barclay. They are

928 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a class of just boys, may live as a class because of the personality and influence of their leader, but when he is gone the class is gone. Under

the Patrol System, if the scoutmaster is gone the troop still lives and another man may step in and assume guidance, not become king. The

boys are doing what is being done and the scoutmaster simply guiding what is being done. The boys do all the doing and not the scoutmaster

A. A. Anderson, Provo, Utah.

Recruiting and Training Scoutmasters

George Goats, of Ogden, spoke on this subject and he called attention to these five things you must do if you succeed as a scoutmaster. (Adapted

from Scouting, December 11, 1919) 1. You must have a definite program. 2. You must take the boy out of

doors. 3. You must see that your boys get thorough instruction. 4. You

must have your troop organized: (a) Organize into an efficient working

unit; (b) you have no right to conduct scouting as merely a group of

boys with a leader; (c) Make your troop committee feel their responsibility and direct their efforts in carrying their part of the (job) program.

5. You must bring the scout oath and law into every boy's daily life.

Can you dp these five things?

The same things that spell your success in business or a profession will be the test in Scouting—here they are:

1. Are you sincere? Do you really desire to lead scouts or are you a

scoutmaster because someone asked you to be one? 2. Are you going

about the job intelligently? 3. Are you optimistic?

If you have this fivefold task in mind, and can answer these three questions in the affirmative, then you will be a success as a leader of boys—and an efficient scoutmaster.

Music as a Language

The desire for more love, more health, more joy, and more happiness is universal. Music fulfils, in large measure, this desire, if the individual

has the power to interpret the message. Some are able to intuitively catch

this, but the majority must be taught to recognize it. They must be taught

the characteristic rhythms and melodies that illustrate the musical thought of the composer. It is through this process that the music grows familiar

and the musical taste is cultivated. * * * The influence of music is

cultural, refining, and elevating; it will surely strengthen the morale of

our people. It is our duty to give our young people good music. It is the

only way to stand off that which is low and coarse.

There are two classes of musicians: those who listen and those who

perform, and some of the most musical people I have met in my travels over the United States are those who cannot play or sing one note of music. Some of the most unmusical people that I have met in my travels

are those who both sing and play. They are selfishly interested in their

own performance of music and seldom care to listen to others. We want

more intelligent listeners to music.

We will always have popular music as long as we have common people and Abraham Lincoln said: "The Lord must have loved the common people because he made so many of them,"so we have a great many

common people and we will have popular music always; but let us have

that popular music good and not low and coarse and demoralizing as it is today. Plato said: "The education of heroes shall be gymnastics for the

body and music for the soul."Miss Margaret Streeter, National authority

on Music Appreciation.

TIMELY THOUGHTS FROM THE JUNE CONFERENCE 929

The Faith of Our Fathers as Expresed in Their

Worship of the Living God Some 103 year ago the Prophet Joseph, then a boy of 15, being very much perplexed because of the religious strife and turmoil that characterized the period, went before the Lord. He had tremendous faith in the

Lord's promises and he called upon him to fulfil one of these promises, and because of that boy's faith, the Father and the Son appeared to him and settled the question of the nature of God for all time. It was not the

idol gods of paganism; it was not the God that sectarianism teaches that

nobody can understand; it was not the God of modern philosophy—it wasthe true and living God, Jehovah—the God of Israel.

The followers of Joseph Smith expressed their faith in their worship of God. They expressed it in their prayer—their individual, secret prayer,

their family prayer, and their congregational prayers at services of worship; they expressed it in their obedience to the commandments of God.

They expressed it in their business by paying their tithes and their offerings, and by their just dealings with their fellow men. They expressed

it further in their recreation—in the song, in the dance, and in presentation

of the drama. Their entire lives expressed their worship of our Father

in heaven. Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve.

The Faith of Our Fathers as Expressed in Their Loyalty to the Institutions of the Gospel

It is altogether proper that we ask ourselves from whence came our testimony and why are we continuing the work of our fathers. The more

clearly we contemplate this subject the more clearly do we determine that the reason we are following in their footsteps is because their religion is one of action, and not entirely of words. They carried their faith over

into their deeds—they lived the gospel.

We do praise our ancestors; we bow our heads in reverence to their

noble work and their beautiful example, but we do feel that what has been done can be done, and the youth of Zion today rise up and say, "We will do our part."All honor to our ancestors and all praise and hope for the

youth of Zion who bear their names. Vilate S. Chambers, of the General

Board Y. L. M. I. A.

The Faith of Our Fathers in the Service of

God and Humanity Life is judged by love, and love is known by its fruits. No people

has shown more love for God and humanity than the Latterday Saints.

Service to them has been a divine school of discipline, a time of probation, a time of character building, for God does not give to us character but opportunities. Our forefathers were not masters of the service they

it.were called to render but masters of the spirit in which they1 did

They not only preached "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done,"but by their works did manifest their sincerity. * * * In service alone is

found true nobility of 60ul. Eleanor B. Thomas, of the General Board

Y. L. M. I. A.

The Faith of Our Fathers in Avoiding Evil Through

Wholesome Recreation Brigham Young once said: "In all our exercises of body and mind, it

is well to remember the Lord. If it cannot be so, I do not care to see

another party while I live."Conduct at socials which are opened by

930 IMPROVEMENT ERA

prayer is more likely to be in harmony with the teachings of the gospel than is conduct at other socials. Prayer, apart from its other values, has

a disciplinary effect.

Recreation of whatever nature or form, under the direction of the

Church, should make true Latterday Saints. It should increase the spirit

of brotherly love and sympathy, break down undesirable class distinction, develop leadership, promote health, direct and develop the power of self expression, direct the emotional expression and develop culture and refinement. John T. Wahlquist.

The Faith of Our Fathers in Preserving the Sanctity and Virtue of the Family One of the greatest duties of parents in the home is to teach their children love of God, of truth, honor, virtue and chastity. The child's

spiritual guidance should not be chanced alone to the fact that he will receive sufficient in the organizations, but his religious training should be carried on in the home, not only by teaching, but by example as well as precept. President Smith said: "The ideal home is one in which all

worldly considerations are secondary, one in which the father is devoted to the family, one in which the mother takes every pleasure in her children, supported by the father, all being moral, pure, and Godly."God

knows the value of a good home environment, and when he wished to remake the world, he placed Moses in a home where he had a Godly father and mother, and one of the most dominating influences in his life was that of his mother, Jochebed. It was not her great culture; it was not

her high social standing that made Moses what he was, but her strong faith.—Lois Anderson.

The Faith of Our Fathers in Their Hopes for the Future of Zion

The desire of the youth of Israel today, if I know them, is that they may learn the will of our heavenly Father, that they may not be sidetracked by the influences of evil, that they may stand in their places, sons and daughters of the living God, created in his image, with a determination to be worthy of that image while they remain upon the earth, with a determination to vindicate the faith of their forebears by living to be such men and women as the world will delight to honor and bless. Supt.

George Albert Smith.

Benediction

A deep, mysterious silence that enfolds the form of night,

A peaceful, white effulgence haloing her brow with light;

Salient silhouettes of shadow resting dark against the grass,

Like the minor chords of music, greater harmony to cast;

God's ethereal reflections set in limpid depths of blue,

Watchful as the faithful virgins with their lamps of radiance true;

Resonant from out the distance, plaintive notes, a bird's low call,

Teach to me a benediction for the care divine o'er all.

Provo, Utah. Grace Ingles Frost.

A College Scout Camp

By George Stewart, Field Investigation*, Utah Agricultural Experiment

Station, Scoutmaster Troop No. 13, Logan

A forest camp at college is unique. That, however, is the latest and

one of the best additions to the equipment of the Utah Agricultural College.

Unique as is a camp at college, it is equally unique—if not more so—to

turn the building of a forest camp into a college course. This is just

what the Boy Scout Council of Cache Valley has just done for their scoutmasters. There is probably no place with a better corps of scoutmasters

than Cache Valley, but as they are not yet perfect the council makes it a business each year to do one or more things that will add to the trainIi. Ij. McDonald, National Camp Director, B. S. A., lecturing to the

Scout leaders on Camp Sanitation. In the center of the picture, the

Council or Ceremonial fire pit can be seen; to the right of the picture

a Cooper's vice and several other objects of Camp Craft. Mr. McDonald

lectured to the Scout leaders during the forenoon session while the afternoon was actively spent in constructing the camp material discussed.

ing of the men in charge of troops. By uniting with the Summer School

of the Utah Agricultural College, the council succeeded in obtaining Mr.

L. L. McDonald of National Boy Scout Headquarters. Mr. McDonald is

National Camp Director of the Boy Scouts of America and goes about the

United States helping with a camping program. The two men most instrumental in bringing this camping school to Logan are Dr. George R.

Hill, Dean of the School of Agriculture at the Agricultural College, and

Victor Lindblad, Scout Executive for the Cache Valley Council.

Dr. Hill is one of the best scout men in the whole mountain region.

.'3H: 1: -.#-. -!.. '-'far-''*-:.'-:V:: I 1 v'> l*

tut- f i-*4*--:trF-l?

f 1 "r '1 if SIHS 1'

- *- 'VHpv"f: -

'Lokrtd r.P ot!

/.*:;

Adarondack or openfaced type of log cabin under construction. This

cabin is tbe regular Patrol Cabin, built to accomodate eiglit Scouts. To

the left of the picture can be seen L. L. McDonald, National Camp Director, B. S. A.; working; in tbe Cabin, Ivan Burgoyne, Assistant Scoutmaster Troop 5 (Logan District); handling; the saw to the left, Dr. Geo.

It. Hill, Scoutmaster Troop 5 (Logan District); to right, Scoutmaster

attending the Course; Working on top of Cabin, Scout Holmes Smith.

He became scoutmaster of Troop No. 5, in 1915, and has held that position

ever since, being one of the first men in Utah to lead a scout troop. He

was the first to organize a college course in scoutmastership; his present

course at the Agricultural College is the largest and best course in the whole country. During the last two years he has trained about two hundred students for scout leadership. Hereafter these young men will have

the added advantage of the camp just established.

Victor Lindblad is also a "live wire"in scouting. Last year in September he and Dr. Hill attended the Regional Convention at Blue Ridge,

North Carolina, where they saw Mr. McDonald build a camp. At once they

began a campaign to get him. Correspondence throughout the year did

not give promising results, but as soon as it was learned that a Regional

Convention was to be held at the Yosemite National Park efforts were redoubled and about April the camp school at Logan was assured.

Scouting is not dependent on a camp, but campcraft is one of the big things in scouting. Is not the building of an actual camp and its accessories

the superlative in camping? Fortunately, not even the background is lacking, for just east of the general campus of the college is a fine grove of

trees in which the camp is located. Now the fifteen scout troops of Logan

can have an evening camp with council fire, openffaced cabin, bridge, totem pole, camp table, and benches. Camp sanitation, even, is not neglected,

for rubbish disposal is provided for and even human wastes. These serviceable structures will last for years, help to entertain and boys—young

old, and serve as suggestive to other scout centers of the state. It is probable that three thousand people will see this camp during the Summer

Encampment at the College from July 31 to August 3.

A COLLEGE SCOUT CAMP 933

On Saturday, June 2, Mr. McDonald, arrived in Logan and was shown

the cabin camps in Logan Canyon. He said they were the finest log

structures in the United States. On Monday work began. He lectured

mornings to the Summer School and afternoons showed scout leaders, business men, faculty, and students how to build a camp. One patrol made a

cabin, another a bridge, a third an entrance gate, another a totem pole, and still other groups a council pit, a table and benches, a set of fireplaces, a cooper's vise, an incinerator, and a latrine.

Of these, the cabin, the council pit, and the fireplaces will serve as illustrations.

During pioneer days the openfaced cabin was the type in the Apbaek, open front, enthe low Cabin. Note Adarondack Top:—The cabin. the of front seats are in closed ends. Homemade

firereflecting center, oven; stone bake foreground, Bottom:—Left perThis build a camp fire. to which place; center back, a platform on

mits standing up to cook.

934 IMPROVEMENT ERA palachian and Ohio River country. The cabin, known as the Adirondack

cabin, is low at the back, closed at the ends, and open in front. Every

school boy and gixl will remember that the Lincolns spent a winter in such a cabin. This must have been a trying experience, for they are not at all

adapted for protection against cold, driving storms; for summer camping

they are not only pleasant but romantic. The interior is dark and logs

stick out at the end; the front faces the council pit where the evening fire

is built.

A shallow pit is lined with rock. Just beyond the heat line, a row of

logs is set around for the men and boys. Personal affairs no longer selfishly

occupy the mind; individuals forget about themselves at the council pit.

Imagine a moonless, starlit night with pines looming in the dark. Here

are the burning embers in the council pit. All about sit the boys wrapt

in elemental sublimity; the light flickers, the flame burns down, darkness

creeps in. A story of courage is told, then one of honor followed by cleanliness and chastity. Finally comes song and prayer; the people go homeward in silent thought that in nature God is near. Such was camp meeting

Wednesday evening, June 6, when Logan's scouts brought their fathers to hear Mr. McDonald at the council pit.

In daylight, numerous fire places may be seen. Here is the kettle

standard, here the bake oven all of rock, there is the barbecue grate, yonder the frying stove, and this elevated platform is for a permanent fireplace to avoid constant crouching. All are made of rock, saplings, or sod. Will you

have your meat brown or rare? As you say; it is merely a matter of

piling or scattering the coals. Even marshmallows toast as nowhere else.

That carved and painted statue there of many forms is the totem pole.

All tribes of nature's men have a totem for memory's sake. This one bears

memory of the time when Chief McDonald came to Logan. He had us

build the cabin, the council pit, the bridge (just in front, there), and helped us plan for the rest which were added a bit at a time. No, they

are not hard to make. It is merely a matter of wanting to, and ever after

of worshiping better because you have.

Camping is a great school. The roughest men are not irreligious in the

mountains—at least not around the evening fire. Logan has a camp right

in town. Education does not make the man, it merely causes him to develop. Learning how at college gives the finest touch to the evening bonfire service. That is camping a la mode, for everyone will know what he

wants when he sees the place to which Cache Valley scouts are invited for an occasional evening. They may camp or may visit to learn how to camp.

There is no teacher of clean thought and action like an evening bonfire in the council pit with hymn and prayer for "goodnight."It stimulates a nerve center that needs to glow more brightly, and in the words of

President Grant, "That which we persist in doing becomes easy to do * * *."

Logaii, Utah

"M"Men Pins Have Arrived The supply of "M"Men pins has arrived at the general office, and all who desire these are invited to send in their orders to the General Secretary, Y. M. M. I. A., 67 East So. Temple St. The price for each pin is 25c.

Reading that Counts

Among the books in the reading course of M. I. A. this season there is one by Henry Van Dyke in which he treats of Companionable Books. He speaks of the good enchantment of

Dickens, "The real men of Thackeray,""The real women of

George Eliot,"and Keats as the "Immortal poet of youth."On

Browning he entitles his comments, "The glory of the imperfect;"he calls Walton, "A quaint comrade of quiet streams;"

Samuel Johnson, "A sturdy believer;"Emerson, "A Puritan

plus poetry,"and Stevenson, "An adventurer in a velvet jacket."

For the student of literature his treatment is very interesting and telling. But for all men and women, young and old, the

well read and those not so informed, his treatment of the Book of Books, the Bible, will appeal with telling and sympathetic force. Three paragraphs should be learned by heart so that the

might be remembered always:

"Born in the East and clothed in Oriental form and imagery, the Bible walks the ways of all the world with familiar feet and enters land after land to find its own everywhere. It has learned to speak in hundreds of

languages to the heart of man. It comes into the palace to tell the monarch that he is a servant of the Most High, and into the cottage to assure

the peasant that he is a son of God. Children listen to its stories with

wonder and delight, and wise men ponder them as parables of life. It has

a word of peace for the time of peril, a word of comfort for the day of calamity, a word of light for the hour of darkness. Its oracles are repeated in the assembly of the people, and its counsels whispered in the ear

of the lonely. The wicked and the proud tremble at its warning, but to

the wounded and the penitent it has a mother's voice. The wilderness and

the solitary place have been made glad by it, and the fire on the hearth has lit the reading of its wellworn page. It has woven itself into our

deepest affections and colored our dearest dreams; so that love and

friendship, sympathy and devotion, memory and hope, put on the beautiful garments of its treasured speech, breathing of frankincense and myrrh.

"Above the cradle and beside the grave its great words come to us uncalled. They fill our prayers with power larger than we know, and the

beauty of them lingers on our ear long after the sermons which they adorned have been forgotten. They return to us swiftly and quietly like

doves flying from far away. They surprise us with new meaning, like

936 IMPROVEMENT ERA

springs of water breaking forth from the mountain beside a longtrodden path. They grow richer, as pearls do when they are worn near the heart.

"No man is poor or desolate who has this treasure for his own. When

the landscape darkens and the trembling pilgrim comes to the Valley named of the Shadow, he is not afraid to enter: he takes the rod and staff

of Scripture in his hand; he says to friend and comrade, "Goodby; we

shall meet again"; and comforted by that support, he goes toward the

lonely pass as one who walks through darkness into light.

What is said of the Bible may appropriately be declared of the Book of Mormon, and the Doctrine and Covenants, both of them not only powerful witnesses of the redeeming life and mission of Jesus Christ, and of the Book of Books written of old as holy men and prophets were moved by the Holy Ghost, but given to us not by the will of man, but through the influence and inspiration of the Lord to prophets and apostles of our own day. In these books are also sublime passages, definite teachings

of practical value, literary excellencies, and eternal truths that will affect for good the lives of millions, and stand the test of all times.

Another thing to remember: We have prophets and apostles and other holy men of God who speak and write today, as

they are moved, not by the will of man, but by the Holy Ghost.

"We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do

well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts."

Let us not overlook these facts because we are so near to these men. A. -

Messages from the Missions

Their Look9 After Their Struggle with the Language

Elder Delbert E. Foulger, writing from Hamburg, Germany, March 5,

reports a conference held there on the 27th and 28th of January. President

Serge F. Ballif was in attendance and a splendid spirit prevailed throughout the meetings which were well attended by many Saints and friends.

"The inspiration received at the gatherings from our leaders caused us missionaries to go back to our fields of labor with a renewed determination to put our best into the carrying forward of this 'wonderful work'in which we have been called to labor. Prospects are bright and many people seem

to be anxious to hear our message. We hope our folks and friends will be

interested in our picture and the expressions that we are able to maintain after struggling with the German language."

Front row, left to right: Delbert E. Foulger, Ogden Herman Dehmel,

Salt Lake City; Rudger Solomon, Salt Lake City; President Serge F. Ballif,

Logon; Conference President Glenn A. Rowe, Moore, Idaho: Karl Kraemer,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Second row: Clyde A. Lindquist, Ogden, Utah; B. Rigby Young, Idaho

Falls, Idaho; William Buttle, Provo; Henry Winch, Manti; Joseph Summer-

dfc. R: V 1*? r<Cy\% **4 <*J }|

i... *:?iIf |

< I Si V si

hays, Salt Lake City; S. P. Horsley, Brigham City. Back row: Charles

A Gutke, Ogden; Milton Cannon, H. S. Rueckett, Joseph Crasser, Arthur

L. Liddle, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Leslie Carl Haacke, Bountiful; Thomas Dodds, A. P. Naegelin, Salt

Lake City; Ernest Steinfeldt, Salt Lake City; E. M. Neubert, Willington,

(Jlah.

In St. Paul and Minneapolis

Elder Joseph Case, St. Paul, Minnesota, March 20: "These missionaries

are laboring in the twin cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, Minnesota. All

of us are interested in anything that helps to explain the gospel of Jesus

Christ. The Improvement Era does its part in this work and we read it

with interest throughout the mission field, not only by the missionaries, but by Saints, friends, and investigators, and we find it very helpful in explaining ihe gospel."

Missionaries, back row, left to right: Samuel Park, Tooele, Utah;

Callie B. Arrington, Twin Falls, Idaho; Ross Gowans, Tooele; J. M. Jackson, Woods Cross; Fontell Peterson, Glenwood, Utah; Rae E. Farmer,

Clifton, Idaho. Silting: B. F. Green, outgoing confdence president;

Joseph Case, incoming conference president.

Method of Administering the Sacrament

The following method of administering the sacrament is about as concise and orderly as could be found among the many that have come to the Presiding Bishop's office, in reply to questions regarding the method of administering the sacrament in the wards of the Church. It comes

from Bishop Joseph H. Lake of the 16th ward, Salt Lake stake:

1. We have one faithful sister to provide the bread for every sacrament service. She never fails in her duty; she is clean, makes the bread

with her own hands, and bakes it in her own oven, so that we know that the sacred emblem which it later becomes is pure in every respect.

2. The bread is put upon the sacrament table in slices, no crusts,

and is ready for breaking by those officiating, before the meeting commences.

3. The water is prepared for use by the janitor of the house immediately before meeting time, so that it will be as cold as possible when

used. In order to save time he has been instructed to have it in all readiness, except for the blessing upon it. It is placed upon the table in the

individual glasses with a good supply in larger cups, in case of an extra large attendance.

4. The bread is broken during the opening exercises of the meeting,

and is put upon eight trays ready for passing.

5. The water in the individual glasses is carried in trays, in our ward

eight in number, 36 glasses to a tray.

6. Eight individuals thus pass the sacrament, but we have two others

who pass empty trays to gather the glasses so as to save time.

'7. The trays and glasses are sterilized after each meeting, or immediately before the one following.

8. The table used for holding the trays is a long one. It is placed

just in front of the stand or pulpit where it and those officiating may be seen by everybody. A clean, white cloth is used to cover it before the

service; it is removed by those officiating.

9. A place to wash hands, with towel and soap has been provided for

those who officiate and administer the sacrament.

10. The Priests only officiate in the administration of the sacrament,

unless, of course, the required number (3) are not present. They have

been assigned the work, and have assumed the responsibility with a great deal of satisfaction, not only to us, but to themselves. We have about 12

active priests in the ward and nearly all have had the privilege more than once to do this service. They are all young men between the ages of

seventeen and twentyone.

11. Only deacons aid the Priests in the administration of the sacrament. Like the Priests, they have done remarkably well. Ten are required for each service, and very rarely have we had occasion to call upon

teachers or priests.

12. Three chairs are provided for the officiating priests in front of

the sacrament table. They take their places before meeting begins. During

the second song all three arise at once. The center one who presides,

directs his assistants to break a certain number of trays of bread. This is

completed by the close of the song and the three priests sit down together.

At the proper time the center priest directs either the one on the right or the left to bless the bread; the other one is instructed at the proper time

to bless the water. A card with the words printed on its sides is provided

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 939

in case the wording is not known. Of course, the priests are encouraged

to learn by heart the blessings. Again the three priests arise and each

passes a number of trays to the deacons, who assist them in serving, first, of course, the bread and then the water. After the congregation has been

served two of the priests serve the deacons, then the presiding priest serves his two assistants, then himself.

13. The deacons occupy the first bench. It is reserved for them. They

are convenient to the sacrament table and also to the bishopric. The deacons all arise at the same time. Each has a definite section of the house

to pass to. They wait in the aisle until all have completed the serving,

then in line and in step they march to their places where the trays are taken by the priests and put in order upon the table and where they are served with the sacrament; then they all sit down together. The order

and method of the whole process is striking, because it causes less confusion and more reverence than if it were done in a more informal way.

There is a certain precision about the matter which we believe is desirable.

LifeSaving by Boy Scouts Victor Lindblad, Scout Executive of the Cache Valley Council, B. S. A.,

reports under June 29, two cases of lifesaving by boy scouts during the week just past. One boy, Cecil Cooley, an Eagle scout of Troop No. 5,

under Dr. George R. Hill, Scoutmaster Logan district, while in swimming with a number of other boys at a large pleasure resort in Idaho,

rescued a woman from drowning. He and a number of boys were swimming in the shallow part of a large pool at Lava Hot Springs, Idaho.

Cecil decided to swim up to the deep end. As he reached a point where

the water was about eight feet deep, a lady was swimming past him. Just

as she passed she suddenly disappeared from the surface. He thought she

was merely amusing herself and swam over to the shore, but by that time the people on the bank noticed the woman come to the surface when she was struggling frantically. She disappeared, the people on the bank

became excited. Cecil, remembering his scout training, dived into the

water, swam out to the place where the woman was last seen, made a surface dive, caught sight of her and touched her. She grabbed him by

the wrist, and he afterwards said he never knew a woman could have such a grip. Having been taught lifesaving, he broke the grip, caught her by

the hair, and brought her up to the top of the water, then caught her underneath the arm and towed her to shore. Her friends immediately

whisked her away, but later in the afternoon her people hunted Cecil up to thank him. On being asked how he could manage a person so easily

in drowning, he merely said: "Scouting taught me that,"and walked away

not wishing any publicity.

The second case happened June 28, 1923, in the Hyrum district. Sheldon Booth, thirteen years of age, while in swimming with a number of

email boys in little Bear river near Hyrum, Utah, was suddenly seized with cramps and disappeared from the surface of the water. The little fellows on the bank, seeing his predicament, called loudly for help. Second

Class Scout Francis James, fifteen years of age, Troop No. 5, Hyrum,

working in a beet field nearby, heard the call for assistance. He ran to

the creek, jumped into the water, swam to the spot where Sheldon disappeared, dived down after him. Sheldon was not far down and Francis

60on brought him to the surface and towed him safely to shore in a semiconscious state. By quick action and use of artificial respiration, in the

course of an hour or so, he was able to walk to his home in Hyrum, Utah.

These are only two examples, occurring almost daily, where scout tiaining saves lives and prevents accidents.

Monthly Message to the "M"Men

By Thomas A. Beat, Member of the General Board

X.—DUTY "Your first duty in life is toward your afterself,"says David Starr

Jordan in his autobiography, The Days of a Man. By that he means that

one should so live that the afterself—the man one ought to be—may in

time be possible and actual.

Every boy has in his own hands his body, his brain and his soul, and it is up to him what he will make of them. He can have a body strong

and healthy; a mind keen and active; a soul clean and pure, or he can

have a body filled with lust and dissipation, a brain distorted and diseased, a will untrained to action, and a system grown full of the weeds of destruction. What we will be depends largely on what we want to be

in these days of great opportunity. We are, with God's help, the architects of our own fortunes. "There is a tide in the affairs of men which,

taken at the flood, leads on to fortune."Whether we miss it or take it

at the flood depends on what we have left in our boyhood to our afterself.

If we have made use of our time and our talents, as the Creator designed that we should, and have taken our place in life, gaining by our experience and our friendships, and our joys and sorrows, building upon them as our own, we are prepared for our afterself. On the other hand, if we

have flung away our opportunities, dissipated our time and talents, sold our birthrights for a mess of pottage, then what we might have been can never be.

One of the greatest spiritual levers with which to pry up the obstacles in your pathway, and to open the door of opportunity, is gratitude.

To him who it; grateful for little things shall be added many blessings.

But being grateful does not simply mean being idle and complacent, but rather it means making use of those blessings with which we are endowed and utilizing the powers and opportunities that we have and being grateful for them. In other words, gratitude, itself, is a duty. There are certain

obligations and responsibilities that one may have to perform because of one's promise which may have been created by circumstances. But duty

arises from the nature of things. One is bound by nature or by a legal or

moral law or obligation to do certain things. In other words, being dutiful,

i. e., respectful to others, conscious of one's position and responsibility, and

loyalty to it, is a duty.

However menial one's task may be, it can be elevated by the way we look at it and by the attitude we take toward it. Even the street cleaner

is necessary to the health and comfort of our modern civilization. And he

that is faithful with little shall be intrusted with much. Happiness is a

question of the heart and not of money. It is our duty to ourselves to

meet our opportunities, to magnify our talents, and to be dutiful and grateful for that which we have and that which is intrusted to us; and

upon that will depend our reward. Duty is an obligation as well as a

matter of conduct. From the Jewish and Christian conceptions it is an

obligation; from the Greek, it is an appropriate or fitting conduct. There

MUTUAL WORK 941

is a certain conduct due to one's parents, or one's superiors, which is conduct of reverence and respect. A certain duty is required of one with

respect to the station or occupation one holds. What might be permissible in some places would not be good taste in others, i. e., the conduct

would not be fitting and appropriate. One's attitude toward one's self,

and one's conception of his duty toward others will be determined largely by his fundamental conceptions of ethics. Every young man must sooner

or later decide for himself what his duty towards life is, whether he intends to pay one hundred cents on the dollar for what he gets or not.

Some, I fear, harbor the idea that they can get out of society more than they put into it—that the world owes them a living. In this they are

mistaken. All debts are for value received. Wbat has the world done that

it becomes one's debtor? True the world owes every man a chance to get

a living by patient industry and wise economy, but likewise every man has a duty to perform toward the world, namely, that he gives to it the full measure of his ability. Those young men who succeed best are those

who have come to realize this duty toward life, toward their occupations, toward their comrades, toward their fellow man. If this conception of duty

and fair play is well grounded and they have coveted wisdom, and understanding, and strong will power, and they have learned what it means to do one's duty not only to one's fellow man but to one's self for the benefit of the afterself, then they may expect a destiny of great reward.

What is worth having comes at the cost which corresponds to its worth.

If the end of life is to enjoy life, we must so live that enjoyment is possible to the end. Young men do your duty. Do not believe for an instant

that idleness brings rest, or that unmeasured rest brings pleasure. It does

not. You must resist corrosion. Work is the only infallible thing in life.

Whether you use your gifts and talents and opportunities wisely, or foolishly, young man, is the problem of greatest importance to you. It is the

problem before you today, and everyday, and upon your decision will rest your destiny.

i Convention Dates and Program The dates of conventions for the auxiliary organizations are the same as the dates for the conferences to be held July 2829 and August, September and October, and were published in The Dcserct News of July 12, except where conventions are held separately. Conferences of the following stakes will be held after the general October conference when the

dates will be given. These stakes are: Benson, Hyrum, North Sevier,

Tooele, Wasatch, Weber, Cassia, Tintic, Woodruff, Yellowstone, Moapa,

Maricopa, Juarez, St. Joseph.

The program for the convention for the various organizations during the two days is as follows:

Saturday 10:00 a. m. to 11:20 a. m.: Quarterly Conference Session.

11:30 a. m. to 12:45 a. m.: Joint Auxiliary Stake Board Meeting, including Stake Presidency, High Council, and

Ward Bishoprics.

12:50 p. m. to 1:50 p. m.: Relief Society Stake Board (Luncheon Meeting.)

2:00 p. m. to 3:30 p. m. Quarterly Conference Session.

3:30 p, m. to 5:30 p. m. Auxiliary Stake Board Meetings for Relief

Society, Sunday School, M. I. A., and Primary Association.

Note: The Y. M. M. I. A. and Y. L. M. I. A.

942 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Stake Boards will meet together for one hour and then separately for one hour.

7:00 p. m. to 8 p. m,: Meeting of the Stake and Ward Recreation Committees together with Executive Officers of

the M. I. A.

8:00 p. m. to 10 p. m.: Social for Priesthood authorities and Stake and

Ward Officers and Teachers of all Auxiliary

Organizations, under the Supervision of the

M. I. A. Stake Committee on Recreation.

Sunday 9:00 a. m. to 10:30 a. m.: Separate Auxiliary Meetings of Stake and

Ward Officers and Teachers.

10:30 a. m. to 12 noon: Joint Sunday School and Primary Session

General Public Invited.

12 noon to 1:00 p. m.: Stake and Ward Music Committee Meeting.

2:00 p. m. to 4:00 p. m.: Quarterly Conference Session.

Sunday Evening: Mutual Improvement Association Meeting—General

Public Invited.

Conventions of the M. I. A. that will be held separately are as follows:

Alpine, Box Elder, Cache, Cottonwood, Ensign, Granite, Jordan, Liberty,

Logan, Mt. Ogden, Nebo, North Davis, North Weber, Ogden, Oquirrh, Pioneer, Salt Lake, South Davis, Utah, Weber, and a separate program will be

furnished to stake superintendents giving the details of the proceedings. For

the twoday sessions, programs will also be furnished to the officers in ample time and notifications given of the convention.

The officers are requested to be sure that all interested are notified and that 100% of the officers and workers are present; also to make provision for ample rooms where meetings are to be held.

Changes in Superintendents Y. M. M. I. A.

The following changes have been reported for June in the stake superintendents of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations throughout the Church: Boise, Franklin B. Smith; Juarez, Miles A.

Romney; Bear River, C. R. Welling; Blackfoot, Phillip B. Dance; South

Sevier, Harold Anderson; Garfield, Joseph A. Griffin; Franklin, George

H. Blood; Yellowstone, Asel C. Lambert; Oneida, Harley Greaves.

Church Music Committee In connection with the Group Auxiliary Stake Convention, a department for Stake and Ward Music Committees will be held Sunday from twelve to one o'clock. Preparations are under way for an interesting

department meeting.

Come prepared to offer suggestions.

A member of the General Music Committee will have charge of this department if present at the Convention, if not the program will be forwarded to the Stake Chorister and Organist and they will have charge.

This brief notice is all that can be made at this time and the Church

Music Committee invites every member to make the necessary arrangements to insure a large attendance.

Manuals for 192324 Advanced Senior Class Life's Visions and Purposes.

Senior Class The Young Man and his Social World.

Junior Class Stories of Faith and Courage.

The Junior and Senior Manuals will be on sale at the Era ofice, price

MUTUAL WORK 943

25c each. The advanced senior text will be printed in the Improvement Era,

and Young Woman's Journal. >

Kanab Stake Mutual Outing The Mutual Improvement Associations of the Kanab stake held their annual outing at Three Lakes, eight miles north of Kanab, Utah, May 26.

There were present about 450 members from the associations representing the wards of Alton, Glendale, Orderville, Mt. Carmel, Kanab, Fredonia,

and the branch at Moccasin.

A choice program was conducted in the morning between ten and twelve followed by a luncheon on the grass. Games of baseball were the

chief sports of the afternoon. The Boy Scouts hoisted the Flag on a cliff

nearby, and a large banner inscribed with the slogan was in a conspicuous place. Stake President C. C. Heaton conducted the celebration, and the

Kanab band furnished the music. H. A. Fitzgerald.

Scouts in the Beet Fields Victor Lindblad, Scout Executive Cache Valley Council, Boy Scouts of America, reports scouting in a flourishing condition in the Cache

Valley Council. There were, at the time of writing, June 16, some 550 boys

944 IMPROVEMENT ERA

under scout leadership in the beet fields of Cache county, thinning beets.

It is intended that the boys shall continue throughout the year with weeding and harvesting the crop. They are very successful in doing the work

and it will mean that approximately a quarter of a million dollars will be kept in the county which heretofore lias been taken out by foreign labor. So

far as I have been able to learn, this is the first instance of the scout organization turning out en masse for an entire summer to care for and help harvest an entire crop—a crop which an entire community depends

upon for its support. The whole business district, the faculty of the Utah

Agricultural College, and of the Brigham Young College, and the townspeople are wholly back of the scout program. As a result, 85% nearly,

of the boys of scout age are enrolled as scouts.

Liberty Stake Barbecue The Liberty stake M. I. A. held a barbecue and campfire outing,

Saturday, June 23, near the old paper mill, Big Cottonwood canyon. Included in the program was a barbecue, tugof-war, folk dancing, outdoor

demonstrations, girls'chorus and campfire songs; also a speech from

General U. G. Alexander. The outing was a big success. Over 1,500 people attended, and 3,000 hot roast beef sandwiches were served. The

ward presidents of the eleven wards of the stake gave every possible cooperation, and arranged transportation for all members of the wards.

The Tug of War, Y. M. M. I. a. Presidents vs. Bisbops

The mammoth campfire lighted the entire canyon. The community singing, the tug of war between ward bishops and ward presidents, and other

sports, and the patriotic address by General Alexander were greatly enjoyed. Hundreds of people attended who had not been to a canyon for

years, pronouncing it the time of their lives. Verner O. Hewlett was

chairman; Ether Anderson, in charge of program; George Manwaring,

bonfire; Herbert Maw and E. J. Kearns, barbecue; Alma Clayton, sports;

and Jasper Fletcher, serving.

M. I. A. Cleanup Campaign in Salt Lake Stake

The M. I. A. set out to paint and clean up twelve chapels in their

district. To raise the money for the undertaking a splendid road show was

presented which proved a great success in every way. A little over

$500 was received, and every dollar was used for cleaning and painting in the ward in which it was obtained.

MUTUAL WORK 945

The amount secured and work done in each ward is as follows:

14th Ward. Population 382. $29.50. Completely cleaned the inside

of chapel and amusement hall, washing the woodwork and benches and cleaning walls and ceiling, planting trees.

15th Ward. Population 1262. $17. Money turned over to bishop,

who already had plans laid for clening about middle of June.

16th Ward. Population 929. $65. Painted chapel and amusement

hall outside. Painted iron fence. Leveled empty lot in rear preparatory

for making tennis courts.

17th Ward. Population 1077. $45. Painted chapel outside, planted

lawns Cleaned yard of stumps and leveled vacant lot adjacent to church, and prepared for playground which, when finished, will be equipped with tennis court, swings and teeters for kiddies.

19th Ward. Population 1090. $40. Planted lawns and cleaned

around church Are contracting to have chapel painted.

22nd Ward. Population 1177. $70. Cleaned woodwork and repaired

walls in amusement hall. Planted lawns, flower beds and built iron

pipe fence around same. The painting of the chapel was let out on

contract. 23rd Ward. Population 349. $23.85. Painted chapel outside. Completely cleaned and kalsomined inside, repaired roof, put on new

screens, planted trees and lawn.

24th Ward. Population 1015. $47. Painted chapel outside. Cleaned

all woodwork inside, oiled floors and benches, planted lawns.

28th Ward. Population 1265. $32. Painted chapel and amusement

hall outside. Remodeled inside, cleaned woodwork and kalsomined, installed new lighting fixtures, removed old tree stumps from grounds

and planted lawns, parked and planted along both streets of corner lot.

29th Ward. Population 838. $55. Painted chapel outside, removed

old outside staircase to be replaced by cement steps. Repaired benches,

cleaned up grounds.

34th Ward. Population 997. $56.75. Thoroughly cleaned woodwork inside chapel and amusement hall, kalsomined, built fence around

Ghurch, planted lawn and sod, leveled vacant lot adjacent to church and prepared for making tennis courts.

Center Ward. Population 288. $27.65 Painted chapel and amusement hall outside, kalsomined, painted floors and varnished woodwork.

Did repair work on walls and floors in chapel and amusement hall.

All the work in the wards, with the exception of painting the 19th and 22nd ward chapels, was done by ward members under the direction of the

M.- I. A. and bishoprics. The 14th ward has been spending about $200

annually for the same cleaning that was done by the Mutuals this year for $28. In Center ward a few years ago, the kalsomining, painting and

varnishing and general cleaning of the chapel cost the ward $400. This

year the Mutuals did it for $50. Using these two wards as examples, the

saving in labor throughout the stake may be conservatively estimated at between $2,000 and $3,000. Is it worth while?

Resignation and Promotion

George A. Goates, Scout Executive of the Ogden Council, Boy Scouts

of America, resigned and his resignation was accepted on June 9. He

was the organizer of the Ogden Council, including six counties in Utah and Nevada. He has been asked to continue the scouting work as executive in charge of new territory under the direction of the National Council.

He was chosen executive of the Ogden Council in July, 1899; was former

exofficio probabtion officer for the juvenile courts of Utah, and assistant superintendent of the State Industrial School. He served four and onehalf years on a mission for the Church in the Samoan Islands. He is

author of several books on social welfare problems among the Samoans.

Lehi is his home city, where he was president of the Board of Education in the Alpine school district, also city recorder. He was with the Lyman

Construction Company, and has been instrumental in installing several water work systems throughout the state.

Grasshoppers and crickets appear in alarming numbers, this year, throughout Utah, according to a report by Heber J. Webb, state crops and

pests inspector, published June 18.

The failure of Knauth, Nachod, and Kuhne, New York, was announced on the stock exchange, June 16. The liabilities are estimated at $11,000,000.

This is said to be one in a series of sensational suspensions during the past ten weeks, announced in Wall Street.

Frenchmen unveiled a monument to American volunteers in the French army, who were killed in the war. The ceremony took place July 4, at

Place des Etats Unis. The monument was built by popular subscription,

at a cost of 400,000 francs.

L. Yucanhung resigned his position as president of the Chinese republic, June 14, and turned the government over to his cabinet. A few

days previously he fled from Pekin to Tientsin. Dr. Sun Yat Sen was

reported as being on the war path in southern China.

Utah has big lumber resources, says a report from the national forestry department, published June 19. The indications are, says the report, that

Utah can produce 17,000,000 board feet per year from lands readily accessible, while less attractive areas may supply an additional 50,000,000 feet.

American vessels were seized by Siberian officials at East Cape, according to a report from Nome, Alaska, June 19. The vessels were trading

schooners from Tacoma, Wash. The U. S. State Department is of the

opinion that traders who enter territory under the jurisdiction of the

Russian soviet authorities do so at their own risk.

Grasshoppers ivere doing great damage to wheat and alfalfa fields in

Cache Co., according to a Logan dispatch dated June 27. The county

appropriated $1,000, to fight the insects, who were appearing in great numbers, from Avon on the south to Cornish on the north, and from Hyde

Park on the east and Petersboro on the west.

Wm. R. Day, former U. S. Supreme Court Justice, died, July 9, at

Mackinaw Island, Mich., of complications, following an attack of pneumonia,

about three years ago. He was born in 1849. During the war with Spain

he was assistant to Secretary of State John Sherman, and in 1903 he was appointed member of the Supreme Court by President Roosevelt.

Alton C. Rasmussen, son of Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Rasmussen of Mt.

Pleasant, Utah, died of typhoid fever while laboring as an L. D. S. missionary in the Tongan Islands. He was buried July 3 and it is not yet known

whether the body will be brought home. Alton graduated in 1921 from

the North Sanpete High School, and left soon after for the mission field in

Tonga.

PASSING EVENTS 947

The organization of the World Federation of Education Associations was effected at San Francisco, July 5, at a meeting of delegates from about forty countries, who were attending the National Education Association

Convention. The object of the world federation is to promote peace by

educational means. One of the aims of the federation is to establish an

international university.

Poet Laureate of Idaho is the title bestowed upon Irene Welch Grissom, of Idaho Falls, by Governor C. C. Moore. Mrs. Grissom has published one

hundred poems of Idaho and the west, and two short novels. The appointment was made by the Governor after earnest solicitation by the women of

the State Federation of Women's clubs. Mrs. Grissom is the first to hold

this position.

The Fourthof-July celebration at Liberty Park, Salt Lake City, was marred by an accident by which Ruby Soderberg, ten years old, was instantly killed and 50 others were injured, some seriously. The accident

was caused by the collapse of the stand from which the multitude were to view a pageant. An investigation of the accident was commenced at once,

and the fact was brought out that the collapse was due to the soft ground and insufficient foundation.

The world court opened its second session in the Carnegie peace palace at the Hague, June 18, in the presence of a large assembly. All the foreign

diplomats at the Hague—except the Americans—were present. Two new

judges were sworn in: Schudang, of Germany, and Wang Chung Hai, of

China. Judge Loder, president, outlined the three cases before the court;

that is, two cases submitted by the league for advisory opinion, and one case for judgment, namely, the Kiel canal dispute.

Cut Your Alfalfa Early—A circular from the Agricultural College by

Professor George Stewart of the Experiment Station advises farmers that "it pays to cut alfalfa early."After a five years'experiment it was found

that the yield of the hay cut just when it was beginning to blossom was from 8 to 15% higher than hay when the crop was in full bloom and when the bloom had begun to fall off. It was also found that the early cut hay

produced greater gains on beef, both per acre and per one hundred pounds of hay.

U. S. Customs officials seized the liquor in the S. S. Berengaria, when

she landed in New York, June 22. In order to get the liquor, they had

to break the British customs seal. They did so on instructions from the

treasury department in Washington. While official attention was centered

on the Cunard Liner, the Baltic, of the White S'tar Line slipped into dock with 6,182 bottles under British government seal. Both steamers carried

the liquor over the 3-mile limit in defiance of the latest drylaw rulings by

American authorities.

A volcanic eruption of Mt. Etna, Sicily, occurred June 18. The first

reports said the city of Linguaglossa was destroyed, but later it was found the lava had been deflected and was pouring into a nearby valley, forming a veritable lake of fire. The inhabitants were ascribing this deviation

of the destructive element to their patron saint, to whom they had been praying fervently for days. On June 20 it was reported that Paloma and

Santo Spinto had been destroyed. Many inhabitants were rendered homeless. Help has been sent from all over the world to the stricken region.

Stamboulisky, former premier of Bulgaria, has been killed, says a report from Sofia, June 15. The resistance of his followers to the new regime

948 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is said to have dwindled away. The charge was made that Stamboulisky

had planned to force the king, Boris, to abdicate. Stamboulisky is said

to be the fifth statesman among those who participated in the Genoa conference of April, 1922, to meet a violent death. Three of the participants

have been assassinated. It is noted further that the delegates to Genoa of

most of the western powers have since been dropped from office by their respective governments.

Mrs. Elizabeth Campbell Taylor died, June 22, at a local hospital, after

an illness of five weeks. Mrs. Taylor was born December 20, 1858, at Salt

Lake. For fifteen years she had been a worker in the Salt Lake temple and

since the organization of the Granite stake twentythree years ago rhe was a member of the board of the Relief Society of that stake. She was an

active charity worker. She leaves her husband and two sons, Frank C.

Taylor and Leslie Taylor, and two daughters, Mrs. Mary Taylor Richards

and Ruth Taylor. Leslie Taylor was in Washington, D. C, when he was

informed of his mother's death.

The Lausanne Peace treaty was ready for the signatures of Turkish and the Allied delegates, July 10. By it peace has been established and

Turkey is victorious. There were six questions before the Lausanne meeting—capitulations, the Ottoman debt, evacuation of the Dardanelles, prewar

concessions, Mosul and foreign educational institutions. The Turk has

won all points in controversy. The new republic established at Angora

starts life denuded of considerable territory which belonged to old Turkey, but freed from old conditions and prohibitions which made old Turkey something less than a free and independent nation. The Ottoman success

was made possible by the lamentable condition of Europe.

The total area of irrigated land in Utah is 371,651 acres, according to reports published June 23 from figures compiled by the state board of equalization. This is far below the total formerly estimated. According to

the board, the total of land patented in the state is 9,567;00O acres, or rather

more than 18 per cent of the total 52,597,000 acres. In addition, there is

said to be an additional 15 per cent administered by the forest service. The

remainder is public land, owned by the United States government. Of

the 9,567,000 acres of lands patented, the board calculates that 5,050,410 acres is farm or ranch lands and of this total 1,793,380 acres is improved farm land under the board's classifications.

The L&viathan returned to New York, June 24, finishing her trial trip of 2,100 miles, from Boston to Great Abaco Island, Bahamas, and back.

Thousands of cheering people greeted her on her arrival, on tugs, yachts, ferryboats, and other craft. Certain foreign ships, however, did not share

in thel enthusiasm. There was no cheering on the Cunard Liner Berengaria,

and none on a French vessel near by. Senator Reed Smoot and Dr. John

A. Widtsoe left Salt Lake City for a trip to Europe June 28. They boarded

the Leviathan which left New York July 4, on her maiden trip across the

Atlantic. On the 5th the great steamer was heard from by wireless. She

had covered 487 miles in the first day's run, making a speed of 21.67 knots

an hour. Elder Reed Smoot and John A. Widtsoe went to Europe, to visit

the Saints in the European mission. The Ltviathan landed at Southhampton, July 10. Senator Smoot remarked that the big boat was big enough

for the next twenty years, and then "we will fly."

William James Wright died in Coalville, Utah, June 10, 1923. He was

born at Handsworth, Woodhouse, Yorkshire, England, October 9, 1846;

came to Utah in 1871, and located in Coalville where he lived until his death. He was married February 11, 1873, in the old endowment house,

PASSING EVENTS 949

Salt Lake City. He is survived by ten children, three having passed before

him; fortyfive grandchildren and five great grandchildren. In early days

he was called by the authorities of the Church to plant fruit trees and flowers in Summit stake and he promoted the cultivation of them for many years, fulfilling his calling. Specializing in these lines, at the Utah

Agricultural College he passed the examination for County Crop and Pest

Commissioner, which he held until he was seventythree years of age. He

acted for twelve years as member of the Board of Education in his home city and filled many responsible Church positions with honor and credit.

Matthew S. Browning died suddenly, June 29, while visiting his lawyers

in Ogden. The death was due to heart failure. Matthew S. Browning was

born in Ogden sixtythree years ago, the son of Jonathan and Elizabeth

Browning, who were in the first handcart companies to cross the plains.

Mr. Browning received a common school education in the schools of Ogden

City. With his brother, John, he went to work in the gun shop established by their father. The present company, Browning Brothers, dealers

in guns, is the outgrowth of the first Browning store. In public affairs

Mr. Browning took a prominent part. He was mayor of Ogden during 1898

and 1899, and president of the Weber club. He was also president of the

city school board for ten years and was responsible for the progressive spirit of the board which resulted in the construction of many of the present school buildings. He was director in a number of corporations.

Three men of the presidential party are dead as the result of an automobile accident, June 24. at Denver. The dead are Thomas F. Dawson,

former secretary of the U. S. Senate; Sumner Curtis, of the Republican

national committee; and Thomas A. French, of Denver. The automobile

plunged over a seventyfive foot embankment in Bear Creek canyon. The

machine was one of several which had carried more than a halfdozen of the correspondents with the presidential party and Denver newspaper men to a luncheon tendered in their honor by the Denver Press club at the top of

Lookout mountain. After the luncheon, the party motored over Genesee

mountain and was proceeding down Bear Creek canyon when the auto was seen to swerve toward the edge of the road, crash through a protecting rail, and tumble down the jagged incline. What caused the car to leave

the roadway probably never will be known, because of the death of French, the driver, but it is believed that a broken steering knuckle was responsible for the accident.

Control of Wild Morning Glory—According to Professor George Stewart of the Agricultural Experiment Station, an experiment has just been

completed in which it is found possible to get this weed under control in one season and to eradicate it the second season in a cultivated crop. This

wild morning glory is one of the worst weeds in the state of Utah, and in certain counties of Utah large acreages of land are completely overrun with it. The only way to be absolutely certain of eradicating this pest is

to cut it off so frequently and to continue for a long enough period until you exhaust the plant food that is stored in the root stalks. The most successful method of eradicating it is found to be a thorough cultivation of

about four inches in depth or thereabouts, with an ordinary implement such as a beet cultivator with knives on, or a sort of sled arrangement made out of timber with a knife blade running three or four inches under the surface.

There is no hope of growing a crop for the first year, and the ground should be cultivated about every five or seven days early in the season, and from ten to fifteen days as autumn approaches and the root stalks begin to become exhausted. As soon as green leaves get above the surface plant

food is added to the root stalk. The only hope is to cultivate immediately

950 IMPROVEMENT ERA

when anything shows above the surface. One season will kill about 65% of

the weeds, and a reasonable amount of careful hand hoeing the next year will complete the task.

President Harding and party arrived in Salt Lake City, June 26, and were accorded an enthusiastic welcome. The city was dressed in patriotic

colors, and thousands lined the streets along the route of the parade. In

the party were Mrs. Harding, Henry C. Wallace, secretary of agriculture;

Dr. Hubert Work, secretary of the interior; Brigadier General C. E.

Sawyer; Colonel W. B. Greeley; George B. Christian, Jr., secretary to the

president; Rear Admiral Hugh Rodman, and Representative Fredrick H.

Gillette, speaker of the house of representatives. The route of the parade

took the president to Liberty Park, where an arch of welcome had been arranged over the central drive, and where the guest of honor addressed the children. A public reception was given at Hotel Utah; this was followed by a luncheon given by Governor Mabey to Mr. and Mrs. Harding and

the distinguished guests. At the country club he played a game of golf,

President Lee Charles Miller of the club, President Heber J. Grant and

Joy H. Johnson, being the other players. In the evening a program was

carried out in the Tabernacle, Senator Reed Smoot presiding. The president delivered his prepared speech, one of a series which began at St.

Louis. The speech was heard by radio in the whole city as well as by

thousands on the tabernacle grounds. At 11 p. m. he left on a special train

for Cedar City and Zion National Park. The presidential party were very

much pleased with the reception in Utah, and impressed with the scenery in the canyon. President Harding is the first president who has visited

Cedar City, and his reception there was, consequently, very enthusiastic.

The Indians, too, in the southern parts of Utah shared in the enthusiasm.

""Heap big chief. Pretty good man. All same shake hands white man and

Indian, too. Heap like 'urn. All right."So said "Captain Pete,"chief of

the Piute tribe which has lived in the vicinity of Cedar City for years, in summarizing his opinion of President Harding, the first "Great White

Chief"to visit Cedar City and Iron and Washington counties, and that pretty well summarizes the impression made by the Chief Executive of this vast and glorious country.

The World Court was the subject of President Harding's address al

St. Louis, Mo., June 22. It was the first prepared speech during his trip

to Alaska. The president suggested to make the court selfperpetuating,

so as to sever completely its connection with the League of Nations.

President Harding and the Rigby Boy Scouts

A singular honor was given the Rigby boy scout troop number 6 at the close of President Harding's speech at Idaho Falls on Thursday, July 5. After his speech he called the boy scouts of Rigby to his car and personally tied on the ribbon which he issued to all the boy scout troops of

the United States who gained 25% or over in membership in their recent drive. Troop No. 5 of Rigby was also awarded these honors and the

President complimented both troops and scoutmasters. The personal decoration by the President was made possible through the efforts of President

John W. Hart of Rigby, who met the Presidential train with the Idaho

delegation reception committee. To have their scout standard personally

decorated by the President of the United States is an honor which falls to but few scout troops of the country.

M. I. A. SONG

(Tune: "Up, awake, ye defenders of Zion")

We stand for the faith of our fathers, To rally as they did in power,

Who kneeled at the coming of day, To rally as they did in power,

And welcomed the light of the gospel; We need but the sound of the bugle,

We'll pray as our fathers did pray. To rally as they did in power.

We'll pray as our fathers did pray.

We'll pray as our fathers did pray. We stand for the faith of our fathers,

We'll seek for the light of the gospel, We honor the work they have done,

And pray as our fathers did pray. We will carry the banner they carried,

Till the very last victory's won,

We stand for the faith of our fathers, Till the very last victory's won,

Who heeded the call of the hour, Till the very last victory's won,

We need but the sound of the bugle, We will carry the banner they carried,

To rally as they did in power, Till the very—Georgelast victory'sH. Brimhall.won,

Improvement Era, August, 1923 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. iFd't

Edward H. Anderson, S Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Academic Procession, Brigham Young University Frontispiece

The Lost Sonnet. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 861

The Church School System—I Dr. John A. Widtsoe 863

Have I Lost or Won? A Poem Joseph H. Dean 869

Fundamentals of Prosperity—IVVI Roger W. Babson 871

The Fight,. George Bergstrom 877

The Chub Hole. A Poem Ezra J. Poulsen 879

A Study of Book of Mormon Texts J. M. Sjodahl 880

The Keynote of Life. A Poem Mary F. Scott 884

"The Fair Weather Wife."A Story Athene H. Fahisworth 885

Racing with the Indians Joseph Hickman 895

Moses Monroe Curtis, Pioneer S. C. Richardson 899

A Little Too Much is Just Enough. A Story Frank Herbert Sweet 905

Two Incidents of the Mexican Revolution:

The Five Masked Men Armond Jackson.... 907

An Answer to Prayer Olive Done 909

New Masters. Group Portrait 910

Awarding Eagle Badges to Scouts. Illustration 911

Mission Houses Dedicated:

At Dresden, Germany Richard P. Middleton 912

At Pesega, Samoa John Q. Adams 914

Debating in the Junior Colleges of the Church Ernest L. Wilkinson 916

Preaching Nephi Jensen 918 Life Eternal. A Poem Richard Inscore 919

Timely Thoughts from the June Conference 920

A College Scout Camp. Illustrated George Stewart 931

Editors'Table: Reading that Counts 935

Messages from the Missions 936

Priesthood Quorums'Table 938 Mutual Work 940 Passing Events 946

In maintaining its high standards as the only Utah institution on the approved list of the Association of American

Universities, the University of Utah desires none other than seriousminded students on its rolls are eager to prepare for leadership in affairs—students who

and in social service. Students who waste their time are

not permitted to remain at the institution.

A large selection of courses is offered in the following professional schools: School of Arts

and Sciences, School of Education, School of

Engineering, School of Law, School of Medicine, School of Commerce and Finance, and

Extension Division.

(Nate to prospective teachers—-The certificates and degrees

of the School of Education are accepted by the State Department of Public Instruction towards certification for teaching without examination.

REGISTRATION FOR AUTUMN QUARTERSEPTEMBER 27, 28 and 29

For additional information, address

The President

Salt LaHe City Cleanliness and Comfort BLACK For Every Woman's Home HAWK

COAL

These are certain if you burn

KING COAL

Buy now at the low storage rates from your coal dealer

PANTHER

HIAWATHA UNITED STATES FUEL COMPANY COALCOAL

Kearns Bldg. Salt Lake City

McCormickDeering Primrose BaliBearing

CREAM SEPARATOR AND 13 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD OWN ONE

1. Hand or power operated.

2. Ball bearings.

3. Greater capacity with less labor.

4. Slower crank speed.

5. Easier turning.

6. Less wear and longer life.

7. Improved oiling.

8. Visible oiling system.

9. Steadier running.

10. Improved tinware.

11. Antisplash supply can.

12. Convenient bowl vise.

13. Easy bowl adjustment

International Harvester Company of America

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH THE MODERN TREND IN EDUCATION

Is in the Direction of Character

Building by Definite Instruction

Educators are agreed that right ideals of behavior can best be established in the minds of the American people by schools prepared to give Religious Training.

The BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY for nearly half a century, has offered careful spiritual training while it has emphasized scholarship in secular branches

of learning.

THE FALL TERM BEGINS SEPT. 17

"TRAINING FOR LEADERSHIP"

The Brigham Young University PROVO, UTAH Interest You Can Get 8% On your money with double real estate security from us.

We are classified as a Cooperative Land Mortgage Bank and operate under the direct supervision o( the Securities Commission of the the Banking Department of Utah.

BETTER TAKE 8% WITH SAFETY Write for information today Guaranteed Securities Company 206 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS

NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market

will last a life time—36 glasses in

each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used In Utah

and InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with

Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's Offfice, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it.

I take this occasion to thank you for your kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lake City WHAT IS YOUR OUTLOOK?

Can you see yourself a few years hence occupying a position of responsibility?

Have you carefully worked out a plan that will carry you to that position? Do

you know that the most direct road to well paid employment is through a course in business branches, such as are taught in our college? Our years of experience enable us to direct your efforts along the

lines of most profit to you. Let us outline

a course of study that will carry you forward to a happy and prosperous career.

Fall Term Begins August 30th

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Day and Evening Sessions All the Year

Read The New Books

Wherever you live, whatever your interests in just the reading—we can deliver to you

Books you will like to own and read, at just the time they have a vital message.

Have us put you on the free mailing list for the Monthly Book Catalog. Look it over,

mark the titles of interest and then ask us to send them forward by mail, C. O. D.

this unusual book Write us today—and enjoy

service.

Deseret Book Company SALT LAKE CITY Follow a Profession and be Independent

Openings for salesmen in all parts of

the InterMountain Region.

Call or write

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

Boston Building Salt Lake City, Utah.

Strong Conservative Progressive

Don't Miss Owning Fire is no Rodger W. Babson's EpochMaking Books Respector

The Fundamentals of Persons of Prosperity "Probably the first serious effort till tomorrow by a recognized business expert to You may wait spiritual of an interrelation show fire may to insure—but the World, Y. commercial life."N. and

$1.00. not Making Good in "See our agent in your town**

Business "Stimulates our courage to go forth and fight the battle of everyUtan Home Fire day life with new hope and clear vision."—Paul P. Harris, $1.25. Insurance Co.

(Pres. Emer., Rotary Clubs)

GET THEM TODAY At All Booksellers HEBER J. GRANT & CO.,

Fleming H. Revell Company General Agents

New York 158 Fifth Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

Chicago 17 W. Wabash Ave.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Buy Bennett's Products in yout own town

If not sold there, write us, Salt Lake City. Reimell

Nothing better can be made. GIAS5&PAINT

Prepared expressly for this clim- C(T ate.

J3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<333 S Ask your dealer for Z. G. M. I. Factory Made 8MM

1n 1 Kiddies'Allovers DUTCH CUT IIra| They are the famous Mountaineer Brand in dark blue, light blue, striped and khakis.1 I

are just8 Mothers—they what you need for the ItMM

little the kidtots—andg dies like them too.

II 333E33E3tsE33E33!3'

For Peace of Mind and security tomorrow, take out insurance today. To know that you arc

adequately insured will give you a sense of satisfaction and your family a feeling of security that nothing else can equal. See us today.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. LORENZO N. STOHL, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA