Ef Wr

:..*,

1: i

liSiK

iLOEte,

-pft'i

VA I

k. > I

gsfljani**'

imiiiijjTj%, JUNE 1953 ERA CURTIS BRINGS YOU THE WOMANSTYLED KITCHEN Women designers—women home economists—thousands of women homemakers—helped design and style YOU HAVE ASKED FOR!

the new Curtis kitchens for YOU! They found the 53 kitchen features women want most—and put them all into

cabinets that fit any size or space, any kitchen arrangeCUSTOM-BILT ELECTRIC KITCHENment, any style of home.

NEW BEAUTY! You can have your new Curtis kitchen in Complete cooking and baking facilities—

charming natural birch!... REAL HARDWOOD, even- a more profitable madeto-order kitchen for

grained, so often used in fine furniture. Here's a wood you. The same Super "5000"oven used on L&H DELUXE

that lends itself perfectly to stains or other popular Electric Ranges, Fiberglas insulated all around. Comnatural finishes which you can apply so easily yourself.

pletely selfcontained with all controls in durable steel

Your Lumber Dealer will help you plan and style just the Curtis kitchen you want... at a cost to fit your outer shell for cabinet installation. Curtis Cabinets and

budget. the L&H CustomBilt Range make perfect profit partfor new and remodel jobs. M&M HAS A FREE BOOKLET FOR YOU! ners

MORRISON MERRILL & BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 205 NORTH 3rd WEST—SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ISO AT: BOISE - POCATELLO - TWIN FALLS, IDAHO - AND RENO, NEVADA

tffiPS by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. TownHouse

CRACKERS <C PURITY IN 1951 there were published in America 11,255 books, according to Publishers'Weekly. Of these books 722

were classed as science, 2135 as fiction, 1072 as juvenile, 731 as religion, 478 as medicine and hygiene, and 506 as sociology and economics.

nri'HE same simple chemical, acryloBite into a delicious TOWN * nitrile, has given rise to a number of HOUSE Cracker. Discover

synthetic fibers such as Orion, Acrilan, the completely different properties similar with and allDynel flavor of these crisp, tender, ofuseful in the apparel field because smart appearance, long wear, and easy goldenbrown ovals.

laundering. Another synthetic fiber is

Dacron which has exceptional resistance to moths, water, and wrinkling. A suit

made of Dacron can go through a rainstorm without losing its crease and can be cleaned with soap and water without losing the original shape after drying. See? No Crumbs! How

come? That's a Purity-p) ecent biological studies have found-*-*- that the normal blood volume varies baking secret—just one

from seven to nine percent of body more amazing thing weight in healthy young adult males about these marvelous and six to eight percent in young adult new crackers.

females. The total body water in males

is sixtytwo percent of body weight and in females fiftyone and five tenths percent on the average.

"K JTOlasses can be made from dry wood *"*- waste on a quantity basis for an estimated twenty to twentyfive cents each gallon. Such molasses would be

suitable for mixed feeds and ensilage in the same way that blackstrap molasses is now used.

TV'rilium is the name given to a new

A - soil conditioner developed by the

Monsanto Chemical Company. Chemically a longchain organic molecule,

which is the sodium salt of a hydrolyzed polyacrylonitrile, this material has the property of improving the soil structure of heavy clay soils to make the plant food of the soils and fertilizers more useful to the plants. Tests have found

remarkable increases in germination and stands of corn with Krilium's use; in

one case yield increased fivefold. Its

use is economically feasible for special agriculture such as high value specialty crops, greenhouses, home flower and vegetable gardens located on heavy soils, and stabilization of soil in road cutswhile turf is getting established from TownHouse #frfTY seed. Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenix

JUNE 1953 377 FINEST THE POLITICS OF PRAYER GYMNASIUM HpHE separatist movement of England's by Dr. G. Homer Durham

EQUIPMENT broughtearly theseventeenth"Separatists"centuryor notPilgrimonly UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Fathers to America in 1620 but also paved the way foi the separation of church and state in American constitu- U.S., 613,701. These are the top fifteen.

tionalism. Sobeit, notwithstanding, reWere all Baptist bodies combined

ligion and politics have always been they would number over fifteen million enmeshed, intertwined, in the life of and form, next to the Roman Catholics, mankind. Woodrow Wilson could the largest group. Were all Methowrite of ancient Athens, that "politics dists combined, they would come third

was a religion and religion was politics."with about eleven million. Should

In America, it was Roger Williams in Baptists and Methodists combine they the seventh century, and Thomas Jefwould number over twentysix million, ferson in the eighteenth, who earnestly surpassing the 1949 Yearbook figure fought for religious pluralism, to free for the Catholic group. If Presbyterian

conscience from the control of the state. and Episcopal bodies could be added

The first amendment to the Constituthereto, some thirtyone million ProtYou too can have tion of the United States was designed estants would combine, out of the basketball backstops Swingup Stationary basketball backstops to perpetuate and guarantee this reBaptists, Methodists, Presbyterians, and

Wayne rolling (folding) gymligious freedom, pluralism. It is someProtestant Episcopalians. A broad

seating times difficult for political Americans, movement for such mergers has been tailored to fit your needs. and Americans in professional life, to underway for a generation.

in schools Over 50 new installations and give due expression to Should the five or six year. L.D.S. during the past Churches

For complete information or catalog call or the religious impulses we millions of Lutherans write... all possess, in some decombine, and join the

*?. C. ffuitoH Co. wegree remainor other.oneHowever,of the merger,lion Congregationalistsplus three milSCHOOL AND OFFICE EQUIPMENT most religious peoples in and Disciples, a unified

65 West 3rd South Salt Lake City the world. We have body of nearly forty milPhone 220425

made our religious plulion Protestants would ralism an important and appear. This is not likely

indispensable prop for in the land of religious pluralism. these However, morality. have, public We

M-l effecdo cooperate in short, found ways and means to Protestant bodies its employ the religious life without impostively, without compromising their difing belief through state control; or, ferences, in a number of mediums: in

using religion as means of undue inlocal ministerial associations, in the fluence in state matters. It is summed Federal Council of the Churches of eooL up in the peculiar practices and docChrist in America, in educational entertrines that we lump together under the prise and other organizations. A sort

heading, "the American separation of of loose religious "federalism"thus obchurch and state."tains among the strongest Protestant

bodies. The Yearbook of American Churches with an One result of these strong, diverse shows official church (1949) memberELECTRIC shipcome inthetheRomanU.S.A. Catholicsof 77,396,188.with First25,- ticsgroups,of prayer."is what is Ithereis calledtrue that"thesopolifar

286,178. Second are the Methodists, as the historical records show, no prayer C 8,567,772, followed by the Southern was ever conducted in the U.S. ConRANGE Baptists, 6,270,819; Jewish Congregastitutional convention of 1787 (despite

tions, 4,641,000; National Baptist Con- a wide misunderstanding to the convention, U.S.A. Inc., 4,122,315; the Natrary based on inaccurate information).

tional Baptist Convention of America, However, history does show that the 2,580,921; the Presbyterian Church of president of the convention, General

the U.S.A., 2,234,798; the Protestant George Washington, during its sessions,

Episcopal Church, 2,160,207; the United undertook to "rotate"his Sunday meetLutheran Church of America, 1,778,943; ing attendance at various churches in

the Disciples of Christ, 1,703,010; the city of Philadelphia.

Northern Baptist Convention, 1,541,991; In the government thus established,

the Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Misprayers have been instituted in both

BUY FROM YOUR DEALER souri, Ohio, and other states, 1,469,213; houses of Congress under chaplains apthe Congregational Christian Churches, pointed for that purpose. In the naBe Thrifty- 1,157,764; the Church of Jesus Christ of tional conventions of our political parties

Use electricity Latterdayas in the caseSaints,with916,789most (1947of the figure,foreitday'sis assemblystandard withpracticeprayer;to openlikewiseeachin

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. going); the United Brethren, 712,616; local conventions and state legislaand the Presbyterian Church in the (Continued on page 458)

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Reading can be Fun and Profitable for ALL ages/ M-l-A Reading Suggestions

FOR SPECIAL INTEREST liE GROUPS: FOR THE ENTIRE M.I.A.:

2. IN SUNLIT A LAND TESTAMENT 1. BOOK OF MARK—NEW

A. Dr. John Widtsoe available Testaments from of a New autobiography heartwarming The

distinguished churchman and man of $.75 to $3.75

Sprinkled science. with i I M||

sprightly humor.bits of mi wisdom and

$3.00 3. TONIC FOR OUR TIMES

Richard L. Evans

Newest in this series of sermonettes from the "Crossroads of the West"broadcasts. $2.50 FOR MIA MAIDS:

4. YOUR RUGGED CONSTITUTION 13. THE CAPTIVE PRINCESS

Findlav Shore and Esther Bruce Maxine rjsr p*at> says Constitution means our and What i alive in faith today come and Love loday. for Americans girl in century a story this of

$3.50 and $1.50 of the firstRo-- Britain yoke under

5. SCIENCE IS A SACRED COW man conquest.

Anthony Sianden $3.00

$3.00 14. INVINCIBLE LOUISA

FOR JUNIOR M-MEN - Cornelia Meigs $2.75

& JUNIOR GLEANERS:

6. THERE'S ALWAYS ADVENTURE

Grace E. Barstow Murphy

The story of a naturalist's wife. A movbiography, of intimate wide mixture ing FOR SCOUTS: history, natural absorbing travel, and 15. OF THE TRAIL liberally garnished adventure, personal

STALLION PINTO humor. and good poetry with

Loomis J. Paul $4.00

$2.50 7. RIVER THE STEAMBOAT ON

Darwin Teilhet $3.50 8. WINDOWS FOR THE CROWN PRINCE

Elizabeth Gray Wining

PERSONAL PROBLEMS $4.00 FOR BEE HIVE GIRLS:

John B. Geisel

$2.96 16. THE KateWHITESeredySTAG

FOR EXPLORERS: AbookJohnfor youngNewberrypeople medal winning

10. WHERE DESERT BLIZZARDS BLOW $3.00

Robertson Frank C.

encounters adventures 17. THELoulaWINDGraceBLOWSErdmanFREE A boy of fifteen

based on reallife experiences involving $2.50

Indians and rustlers in the traditions of

TAMAR Exciting of sus18. the old and full West.

Malvern Gladys a topnotch this "western"pense, $2.50 in writer for master bovs by isa

the field. $2.50 11. JACOB HAMBL1N

AMONG THE INDIANS James A. Little r

$.25 i DESERET BOOK COMPANY

East Salt City, South Temple, 44 Utah KONTIKI 12. Lake

i Thor Heyerdahl the Please circled send following books: $4.00

i 1 3 2 5 6 7 8 9 4 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 i for which I enclose check or money order for $

Name Deseret City...Address. State

Utah Please enclose 12c postage for first book, 4c for each thereafter. South Temple - Salt Lake City, v, 44 East

'':TWVr$&**Mifffi)$!iAfWWi*r!r'"*

JUNE 1953 379 LJfficlal iyrgan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, JpW IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THEtraVOICE OF THE CHURCH Jke L-kurck or

sresus i-knit

Of cJLatteraau faints r*J r>J VOLUME 56 NUMBER 6 $<une 1953 r*J

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, Editors: Contributing JR. - ARCHIBALD"Today's Family"F. BENNETTEditor: RUBY- G. H.HOMERMORGANDURHAM Jhe C-cover

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN R.D.CURTISGILES -- AdvertisingAssociate Manager:Director: BERTHAVERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER Scouting is forty years old in the Church

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the

first charter to the Church having been issued May 2, 1913. To commemorate this

event The Improvement Era presents as a cover subject a composite picture of the

Boy Scout family—Explorer, Boy Scout,

The Editor's Page and Cub Scout—superimposed over a picture of the Salt Lake Temple. The drawthe through is used Scouts ing of the Final Blessing (Closing Address of Conference) of America. Scouts The of Boy

is Hal Rumel. the by of temple President David O. McKay 389 courtesyphotograph

Church Features 3 *

General Conference Index.. 382 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Your Question President Joseph Fielding Smith 391 50 North Main Street

Section General Conference 399

St. Main Offices, 50 North Y.M.M.I.A. Obligations of Members of the Church Two Paramount St. North Main Offices, 40 Y.W.M.I.A. President David O. McKay 399

None Other Name Under Heaven President J, Reuben Clark, Jr, 403 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Missionaries Labor to Fulfil Promise Copyright 1953 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaPresident Joseph Fielding Smith 404 Associationtion of the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

Subreserved. rights All Saints. Latterday......384 Melchizedek Priesthood Moves The Church On foreign in advance; price, $2.50 472 scription a year,

Presiding Bishopric's 1953, C. Conference, Page 474 Marba June in 25c year, advance; a $3.00 subscriptions,

Josephson 386 Master M Men..486 single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

Special Features at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2, 1918.

Scouting for Forty Years D. L> Roberts 394 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unOur Snowstorm Adventure S. Dilworth Young 398 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

The Spoken Word from Temple Square postage for delivery and return.

Richard L. Evans 460, 471, 480 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Polio Facts...482 Fifteen days'notice required for change of ad-

S. Harris, Jr 377 Train Youth to Use the Dictionary, dress. When ordering a change, please include

issue of the magazine. slip recent from a address Politics of Price Bell.483 Louise Times, These The

unless the oid be cannot made changes Address Prayer, 378 Your Page 488 and Ours Durham G. Homer is included. as one the well new address as

Today's Family White Lies—Black Lies, Freda Glamorize Your Glasses, Ruth National Advertising Representatives

Graham Bundy 476 Kytle..481

Quick Breads for June, Ruby H. Shoes for Bare Feet, Lorraine

Morgan 478 Manderscheid 484 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

ies, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

SANGSTON ASSOCIATES SADLER AND 342 Ave. Madison..Olive Are Born to Be Heroes '.. Burt 392 Some W,

Y. York 17, N. New...Ora Pate Stewart 396 Little Gus

DAVIS & SONS Frontispiece, Boy and Knowledge, Colt in a Pasture, Anobel Armour..459 30 N. LaSalle St.

Anobel Armour 387 Male Wrinkle, Harriet Claycomb481 Chicago, Illinois

Poetry Page—.388 Hearty Appetite, May Richstone....485

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At last!—new exterior colors that blend your house

into your landscape plan. And a choice of color

schemes for every type of house: frame, stucco,

masonry, shake, shingle or rough lumber. Tasteful

color schemes your neighbors will admire. Only Fuller

offers this new exterior decorating service. Use it.

Beautify your home!...W.P. Fuller 85 Co.

Fuller's new Exterior Jewel Case. Seventytwo

colors especially created for exterior use to blend

Cdrefuiiy select ea by the perfectly with flowers and shrubbery. Today's

Fuller Color Control Staff for /as/mjffceowa "new idea"for charming exterior coloring!

Fuller's new Exterior Color Guide. Put chosen Jewel Case color swatches See these new exterior colors at your Choose a Jewel Case body color. Here in Fuller's free Exterior Color Plan Fuller Paint Dealer—or ask your

choose from approved trim colors. folder. Actually SEE your complete Painting and Decorating Contractor

Your color scheme will be right! color scheme before you buy paint! about them.

JUNE 1953 381

CONFERENCE INDEX PREFERRED

MISSIONARY SPEAKERS TOOLS Bennion, Adam S..436 Moyle, Henry D. 444

Benson, Ezra Taft 413 McConkie, Bruce R. 419

Buehner, Carl W. 437 McKay, David O. 389, 399

Christiansen, EIRay L. 411 McKay, Thomas E. 405

Here are inspiring books that will help you Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 403 Petersen, Mark E. 422

immeasurably in your work. You'll find these

volumes filled with valuable teachings. Cowley, Matthew 428 Richards, LeGrand 418

They'll make a priceless addition to every library. Evans, Richard L= 450 Richards, Stayner. 446

Hunter, Milton R. 420 Romney, Marion G, 440

HIS MANY Isaacson, Thorpe B. 427 Smith, Eldred G. 408

MANSIONS Ivins, Antoine R. 412 Smith, Joseph Fielding 404

Sonne, Alma 424 By Kimball, Spencer W. 432

Rulon S. Howells Stapley, Delbert L. 438

Kirkham, Oscar A. 417

$2.25 Wirthlin, Joseph L. 430

Lee, Harold B. 406 Young, Clifford E. 415

Longden, John 452 Young, Levi Edgar 409

There's no guessing about the teachings of other this Churches with in your volume library. ideal It is an book that reveals the Morris, George Q. 435 Young, S. Dilworth 425

beliefs of thirteen leading Christian Churches.

I CRY JOSEPH Fiftyfour Evidences of the Divine SERMON TITLES Calling of Joseph Smith.

By George Edward Clark of the One most challenging books published. America.413 Patriarchal Blessings.408

It's a humble record of the facts of the "Restoration,"verifying that all the doctrines Joseph Smith taught and the Church he established are true. "P <(*]'rjAUU Auxiliary organizations 399, 422 Prayer.413

TREASURES TO SHARE Blessings 405, 426 Priesthood.437

By Melvin Westenskow Book of Mormon 424 Resurrection 403, 409, 415, 418

Here is a valuable contribution to the Church and its missionary system. In straightforward

simple and style, language and the of the restored brilGospel are conceptsor Church growth 399 Revelation 406 liantly $Z..Z.J<l*n presented.

Church membership 399 Security 426

AMERICA BEFORE COLUMBUS Church organization 424 Spirituality 446

By Dewey Farnsworrh Easter (See Resurrection) Tabernacle Choir and Organ 405

Enriched with the graphic drama of a golden empire, this will book be truly treasured by

It's everyone. effective an presentation of Eternal Life 420 Teaching 422

the early American peoples twentyfive of $D.\J\J<r (\f\ hundred years ago.

Faith 428, 450 Testimony 436, 440

WHEAT FOR MAN Fear 450 Tithing 429, 435... WHY AND HOW Financial Stability 438

Presiof illness neither Because NOTE: pages recipes 33 of tested developed First of Presithe Stephen L Richards expressly for the use

of flour whole Albert E. the wheat Elder nor Friendship 444 dentdency Bowen 12 pages...of stoneground

packed with instructions to make the attended conCouncil of the Twelve cooking easier and meals more Government 41 ference. did, President Richards however, healthful. It's a guide to better

living for the entireNOWfamily.... M>&1I -vV f\f\ Holy Ghost 419, 426 sendO. McKaya brief read.message,ElderwhichSamuelPresidentE. BringDavid

hurst, former president of the SwissAustrian

Humility 411, 436 Mission, Elder George A. Christensen,

former president of the Australian Mission,

of the President of the Council Twelve,

Clark, Jr., President Bookcraft IndiansImmortality 420432 ReubenElderof the HiltonChineseA.Mission,Robertson,ElderformerHaroldpresidentB. Lee and David O.J.

1186 South Main McKay all addressed the third session, the

Salt Lake City, Utah Missionaries 404, 406, 412, 418, 425 priesthood session, of the general conference. Their addresses will be published in

Obedience 435, 452 the Conference Report.

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The New

STANDARD

of the AMERICAN ROAD

Ford

See it...Value Check it...

Test Drive it!

at your nearest Ford Dealer's!

JUNE 1953 383 the Church Moves On A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

\ The 123rd annual general con- Q This was the concluding day of

March 1953 ference of the Church opened on the 123rd annual general confer-

O A Speaking to the subject "Thou Temple Square. General sessions (exence of the Church.

"shalt not take the name of the cept the priesthood) were televised by An earlymorning missionary conferLord, thy God, in vain,"Elder Spencer KSLTV, and broadcast by KSL, Salt ence was held in the Assembly Hall.

W. Kimball of the Council of the Lake City, KJAM, Vernal, KVNU, Elder Adam S. Bennion was sustained

Twelve presented the address on Logan, KSUB, Cedar City, Utah; as a member of the Council of the

the Columbia Broadcasting Company's KGEM, Boise, KID, Idaho Falls, KJRL, Twelve, filling a vacancy which has "Church of the Air."Pocatello, and KRXX, Rexburg, Idaho; existed since the passing of Elder John

"What Think Ye of Christ?"was KELY, Ely, Nevada; KTYL, Mesa, A. Widtsoe last November.

the title of the discourse delivered on Arizona (by transcriptions)., KEEP,

all Falls, broadcast but the Twin Monthe series of the in Action""Faith session; Burley, day morning KBIO, Q President David O. McKay orBroadcastingNational by Company

S. an Bennion Elder dained Adam the sessions carried the and Sunday to Assistant theElder Longden, John

of the meeting weekly the at Apostle session, in Idaho and morning Monday of theCouncil Twelve.

Salt the in held Authorities all General Colorado, Junction, Grand KEXO, Tooele Stake organized from North portions of Tooele (Utah) Stake, with but the Sunday morning and MonLake Temple.

Elder Orlando T. Barrus sustained as day morning sessions.

president and Elders Charles Alvin An early morning Church welfare 1 Elder Harold B. Lee of the CounOrme and Sherman A. Lindholm as his meeting was held in the Assembly Hall. cil of the Twelve dedicated the

counselors. The stake, with a mem- A patriarchs'meeting was held in chapel of the Westwood Ward, Los

bership of 3500, comprises the Tooele Barratt Hall. Angeles (California) Stake.

Second, Third, Fifth, Seventh, Eighth, Seventeen thousand members of the Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council

Ninth, and Lake View wards. This priesthood attended the priesthood of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of

is the 206th stake of the. Church meeting. The meeting was heard by the Santa Ana Ward, East Long Beach

now functioning. Elder Orme was direct wire in the Assembly Hall, on (California) Stake.

formerly second counselor in the Tooele the Tabernacle grounds, in Barratt Elder LeGrand Richards of the CounStake presidency. Tooele Stake, with Hall, and in the field house of Brigham cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

a membership of 3519, now has the Young University, Provo. of the Puyallup Ward, Tacoma (Washfollowing branches: Tooele wards and of missionaries and Other groups ington) Stake.

Sixth;First, Fourth, Stockton and resemi-annual held their and servicemen

Vernon wards; and Deseret, Dugway, unions.

First that the announced EastOphir, and Tod Tod West

Elder F. appointed Presidentbranches. Alex had 18 ItPresidencywas Dunn 123rd general conannual and The

of the president ashis first counselor, Philip Ross Gowans, Claudious Bowman ference of the continued. Church

President succeeding resustained; Mission,were second the new Mexican addition counIn to the radio stations named

Presidentselor Jr. Pehrson. Emil Mecham, Lucian M. is Elder Raymond at of these conference, the opening

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of sessions, or parts thereof, were broadBowman has been a member of the

the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, Ascast by KLAS, Las Vegas, Nevada; Juarez (Mexico) Stake presidency since

for stakesistant of that to president the Council of the Twelve, 1928, and San BernKCSB, KWTC, Barstow, served in that he of this work. charge Prior towere years. twenty ardino, Hollywood, KBLA, North

KPMO, Pomona, and KNOB, Long as a member of the Juarez Stake high superstake still earlier, and all in California; and KULA, council, April 1953 Beach, his Since Schools. intendent of Sunday Hawaii, Honolulu, by transcription.

The fortyseventh annual conferElder John Longden, Assistant to boyhood he has served almost continu- 2 ence of the Primary Association the Council of the Twelve, delivered the ously as a teacher in the Sunday School convened on Temple Square. This radio address over the National Broador Young Men's Mutual Improvement

also marked the Diamond Jubilee casting Company's "Faith in Action"Association. He and Mrs. Bowman are

(seventyfifth anniversary of the foundseries. His Easterday subject was the parents of eight children, all of

ing) of the organization. "Christ the Lord Is Risen."whom have filled missions in the Mexican Mission.

The annual conference of the Dr. Milton Bennion, former general

"Primary Association concluded its superintendent of the Deseret Sunday sessions. School Union, died at the age of eighty- 1 Q President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of

The architect's drawing of the protwo. the First Presidency dedicated the

posed temple at Berne, Switzerland, "Teaching the Gospel in an Expandchapel of the Hoytsville Ward, Summit was published. ing Church"was the theme of the con- (Utah) Stake.

A special meeting for bishops and ference of the Deseret Sunday School Elder Sherman T. Hill was sustained

their counselors and others was held Union, held in the Salt Lake Taberas second counselor in the East Provo in the Salt Lake Tabernacle under the nacle. Sunday School students and (Utah) Stake presidency, succeeding

direction of the Presiding Bishopric. workers from various missions and Elder Clyde P. Crockett. Elder B. West

Many returned missionary and servicefaraway stakes participated. Elder Belnap succeeds Elder Hill as second

men's groups held their semiannual Matthew Cowley of the Council of the counselor. President Ariel S. Ballif is

reunions. Twelve was a featured speaker. the stake president.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

BEAUT

Utah's skyline boasts the most magnificent chapels in the country, thanks to brick and the inspiration of trained architects. These modern

structures are not only a credit to the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, but will be a continuing source of satisfaction and comfort to their respective membership. Adaptable to every modern

architectural trend, brick's beauty is more than surface deep. It's permanent,

firesafe, low in original cost and low in upkeep. Yes, brick offers more now..

more for the years ahead.

INTERSTATE

BRICK co. I 3100 So. nth East Salt Lake City

;-..; BeaconLaurelcrest Ward Chapel—Ramona Avenue and Twentyfirst East

JUNE 1953 385 GRIND YOUR OWN JUNE CONFERENCE—1953

FLOUR AND CEREAL by Marba C. Josephson

WITH A ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

PRECISION ELECTRIC FLOUR Saints, the conference Christ of Latterday well as Jesus events—as MILL June

will session conference happenings evening be Saturday preJune

Grinds flour,—for 1953 should satisfy both turned to the Scouts for a great procorn, rye; those who come to be entertained and gram titled the "Cavalcade of Scoutcoarse,

fine those who come to learn how to iming,"and which will be presented in medium, and very fine. prove their methods of directing the the University of Utah Stadium, comlessons and activities of the Mutual mencing at 8:30 p.m. Mia Maids and

One Year in their stakes and wards. Bee Hive Girls will also participate

Warranty Preconference events will include in this event, honoring the Scout and the camp institute for the Y.W.M.I.A. Explorer program.

K H. P. MOTOR—Heavyduty Mill at the Wigwam in Mill Creek CanThe Friday general sessions will

Weight 90 lbs. yon, on Wednesday, June 10, from be conducted in the Tabernacle at

$95.00 will a be This to p.m. day 9 a.m. 9 9:30 p.m. 1:30 a.m. and mornThe

Freight paid state entertaininstruction if prepaid—add of tax full and one will session ing the be preceded by

P. 3 H. FOR MILLS LARGER fellowship to good ment, colorful reception, at visiting which STAKES WARDS AND of the and understanding—bothconducive visitors will delegates welbe and

the of the general it. comed by members PROTECT OR REGAIN programIt will provideand ofinsightthose intowhotheleadwhy's historic boards Square. on Temple

YOUR HEALTH and wherefore's of the program. On Following the morning session the

with a Thursday, June 11, at Jordan Park, superintendents and presidents of

SWEDEN SPEED JUICER the Y.W.M.I.A. campcrafts and games stakes will be honored by the general

World's Finest Juicer institute will convene. This again boards at a luncheon in the Lafayette

fellowship in good and Efficient. Simple, Fast, peeling abound or will No of the Ballroom Hotel Utah. From

coring. plunger required. Attractive, No for activities. hours informative The to 7 p.m. 4 Friday, 12, on the June to Easy Durable and Clean. Get your vito a.m. will 9 this section be from the tamins way. NATURAL Gleaner supper Golden held will be

3:30 p.m. At 6:30 p.m. of the same at the Union Building on the Uniday, the AllChurch relay directed versity of Utah campus.

by the Y.M.M.I.A. athletic commitSaturday is assigned to the departtee will occur in the University of

Utah Stadium. Thursday evening ments as their instruction period. The

also the drama festival will be preday will begin with a 6:30 breakfast

Men, sented twice to accommodate those to be given for the Master M to desire see performance who celebrating the twentyfirst year of it—one

the at 8 p.m. its organization. (See p. 486 for second p.m. at 5:30 and

details.) further The Junior M Men

the An innovation this year will be the and are planning Junior Gleaners presentation of the dance festival a stake supervisors'breakfast at 6:45

on two nights: on Thursday and a.m. The Mia Maids are christening FULLY in GUARANTEED the p.m. at 8:30 evenings Friday the a.m.; at 7 Rose Maid Mia and

1 FOR YEAR This of Stadium. University Utah the are departments Gleaner Men M only $89.50 will the avoid presentation double a for Bell having stake superDinner

if paid Freight state tax of previous discomfort crowding and prepaid—add visee at p.m. 5

Also COMMERCIAL TYPE JUICERS years, which have resulted in robbing this great spectacle of its greatest The Sunday program includes the at Choir broadcast 8 a.m.; will be given Tabernacle value. dances same The CONFERENCE DISPLAY

a general session direction the under only June 12th and 13th difference nights. only The on both

9:00 a.m. -8:00 p.m. will be that the participants in the of the General Authorities at 9 a.m.;

HEAVY WATERLESS All -Girls dance will be divided, so and the general concluding session

COOKWARE that one group will appear Thursday at 2 p.m. with the youth program; all

($99.95 complete set) and the second group on Friday sessions will convene in the TaberMixing bowls, water pitchers, table ware night. Since there have been renacle.

20% discount on liquefiers ceived to date requests for 6,228 girls All in all, the June conference sesDisplay C-41 Hotel Utah Room to appear, such a division was imsions and activities should indeed afINQUIRIES PROMPTLY ANSWERED perative. The requests for couple ford inspiration and challenge to those

HEALTH APPLIANCE CO. dancers has already reached a staggerwho are interested in furthering the

ing total of 6,318. great cause of the Mutual ImproveBox 228 Logan, Utah

Phone 1420-W Since this year marks the fortieth ment Associations throughout the year of scouting in the Church, of world.

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts

BOY and KNOWLEDGE by Anobel Armour

things that he had learned T here were

Without use of books:

How the fishes leaped and turned

Back into their brooks, How the frogs had violthroats,

How a rabbit hopped, Why a cricket's chirping notes

Never ever stopped.

These were things for carrying

In his boyquick mind When he learned some printed thing,

Meadows left behind.

He would ride down history With Caesar and Revere, But all his life he would be Turning back to here.

JUNE 1953 387

BEYOND DAY'S EDGE REMEMBERED ROBIN PRAYER FOR A SMALL TRAVELER

By Alice Morrey Bailey By Elaine V. Emans By Lizabeth Wall

of has to a back coming way me still fledglingher, Lord, her and is with mother's laugh was wind among the HE for searching robin onelegged The his Go fright leaves dinner us. of distance the grows between two When limpid asAs the in pool, water the I listening. listening, hopping, see can By

is first this are her and new, wings Her soft caress of eaves, dovesThe the beneath clearly slightly sometimes, only Him flight as rain,Sweet fresh cool. as summer and thinner

outof-city bus! Alone an upon like song rocking a night, atHer chair was his breast, of the ruddy companions Than

far, please, her, strange the along with Stay to tired child atCurved a grown summer is that again courage Reminding me play, way ability to best. one's Largely do

all her, untried. out before reaches ThatRaveling thin in dreamfilled sight mystery beautiful his to see, His but pluck was

is so today! She cradling of the day. beyondAnd edge him young—especially in of rain, standing Habit then and now

is wide. comfortless oh, the world and And, leg, his single pouring out and Upon

at wheel, the pilot careful Lord, the be the the when gone sunAnd had behind refrain, cheerilycheerily afternoon His her. sitting to stranger friendly next hill, A still yet doubt, can even Remembered, my

all that Bless her they might go with fear, fingers night who with wasAnd shadowed I've to earthly reason complain That no feel long sing to so he than more much Who've traveler. for lone small, a the pool,Across Compassion rimpled winds and blew about!

too chill prove long her and should journey And

Before strong the swords of rain, he grew as RAIN WITHOUT WIND Keeplate,someone waiting at the station gate.

And good as peace, for he remembered still By Rowena Cheney

His mother's tender laughter and her song. OLD DREAMS

is without a quiet wind RAIN thing By Catherine E. Berry

thing to hear and see: A restful

BUSY DAY In monotone it pictures peace, isn't very often,

Repose, and harmony. It (Not more than once a day!)

Jane Merchant By I look cupboards at crowded tranquil curtain of a gray It draws to decide throw away And heart, the secure within Around this has been a busy day! years'accumulation The solitude. silence of singingOh, A hats gusts clothes of shattered golden and shoes, and With Of been, have and drouth wind sun Where presents, the bric-a-brac,Whirling the mapled down The way

I use: didn't never get the done. washing somehow We It nurtures. the lash gently Where papers, the ends, odds and The air, cut noise the has it brings Of cracked, can't dishes this. like believe chipped a andYou day The hush. without Rain welcome wind magazines, books, the can't sky as wellworn theYou blue A be know The life's Is of things. lovely one

it it is stacked. neatly appears, yetAs Never and

I've got the dusting still to do. SIDE STREETS But something always stops me,

I haven't bed; made a single By Clarence E. Flynn In allForthememoriesstoreduparetreasuresboundI haven't cleaned; I haven't cooked.

like to around; keep WeI've useful things, instead done more travel others the thoroughfares, on

a without be It wouldn't homeI've looked looked, and and looked and Let stately boulevards, avenues, and The souvenirs, hoarded These looked public squares, famous on monuments To lovely and dreams we keep worn The buildings, views. impressive Imposing and years. future solace To

streets, I like to seek old, neglected out but halfforgotten their day, Great in FATHER AND SON now; POND AT NIGHT

Places shabbiness with grandeur where

By Beryl Stewart meets By Ethel Jacobson

Like browning leaves upon an autumn gleams is dimly shadowed pond father prairie proved up on this land bough. The

float, lilies water Where ago. eighty years through Some Down

those years I like old streets where once the great have Their mothwhite sails rigged trimly

The father, then the son, had known firstwalked, On each pale flower boat.

hand Old houses once show places of the town, close together where, long departed, youth has At anchorRelentless cold that kills and heat that Parlors ride They companionably talked sears firs great the break weather and once proud homes now tumbleWhereThe summer fields. They faced the prairie Of love,

tide, the wind's night stem And fire, down.

hard water hole, caked bin, Great theThe empty derelict the goes sailing are the domes whose fame has spread While moon afar, loss of everything acquire, could theyThe of deodars waves Dark onceAnd yet their faith grew strong and genuBut here beat the hearts whose dreams A sister ine. are. they A wakevessel,of trailingflower stars.

They owned the springs where Indians had HINT TO A HUSBAND JUNE camped, Where Sioux had stretched the skins of By Elaine V. Emans By Elaine V. Emans

buffalo; They tramped, traced the trail where Custer's army Oh,Degrees,some menand learnsome thementruthneverbyknow;slow WithoutBy thesea signcan Iof bea surecalendar,of her:

The road where covered wagons used to But luckily there are the wise The dignity and gentle grace goAnd tactful ones who realize Of pastures wearing Queen Anne's lace,

They knew that former struggles brought Nothing can boost a woman's sagging The stalks now bending under yarrow, them good Courage, or kindle again her lagging Jubilantly one song sparrow

And from that knowledge gained their Interest, or free her mind of care Telling his love out, over and over, hardihood. Like something lovely and new to wear! And sustained humming deep in clover.

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Final Blessing eralPresidentconference.McKay'sAddressesclosingof addressall the Generalat the AprilAuthorigen-

ties are in the special General Conference section, beginning on page 399.

by President David O. McKay

Thegreathourconferencethat marksis here.the close of this leader,Presidenthas beenRichards,putting forthanothertoo muchgreat willis true,takeuntilcare weof someget ansecularauditoriumassembliesthat

As you know, four members of our effort also, and his physical condition of the sessions. It is sacred, and we

General Authorities have been disabled requires rest. I am pleased to report have noted that you have governed

recently, and are unable to carry on to you he is sufficiently recovered to meet yourselves accordingly. From the motheir regular duties. We are thankful occasionally in meetings of the First ment that the clock marked the beto say, however, that two of them have Presidency. President Clark and I have ginning of a session, perfect order has

been with us during the sessions that had three meetings with him during prevailed. We ask that this example

mark the inspiration and uplift of this the three days that we have been asbe followed by all the Saints in their gathering. sembled in this conference, to all the ward chapels and in halls in which

Elder Thomas E. McKay has been proceedings of which he has been listenyou meet to worship.

incapacitated for several months. He ing over the radio and television. We express appreciation for the coand the others have had to pay the At the conclusion now he sends this operation of city officials. Their ready

penalty of overwork, over exertion. message: "President McKay: I should be and efficient service has been noted.

When he collapsed several months very pleased if you would express to The traffic officers have rendered valuago, his heartbeats went down, accordthe people my deep gratitude for the able service in handling increased trafing to the doctor, to sixteen. We are inspiration of the conference, and also fic. We have already expressed appretold that when they get below thirty extend to my brethren and sisters my ciation to the Berkeley Stake for the

life is precarious, but from that time, love and my prayers that the united calla lilies that have beautified the when Thomas E. called his family toefforts of all the Saints may bring great building.

gether to say goodbye, up to the present, advancement to the cause we love. AfOur ushers have done excellent servhe has shown gradual improvement, fectionately, Stephen L Richards."ice! They volunteered last evening to

and now he counts his heartbeats at Brother Stephen L: Let me assure you put up a platform. They had it removed

thirtysix, thirtyeight, occasionally they that there is but one heart in this great early this morning. They have been

reach forty. He acknowledges, and audience today, and it responds in reready and willing to look after the

we acknowledge, the hand of the Lord ciprocation of your love and blessing. people who had need of the emergency

in the preservation of his life, and God bless you! hospital, which has been on the grounds,

we appreciate, and he appreciates your Now, may we take a few moments and in every way have rendered servfaith and prayers in his behalf. to express our gratitude to all who have ice to add to the convenience of the

Elder Clifford E. Young recently met contributed to the inspiration of the many visitors who are here.

with an accident, but he, as you know, sessions held since last Saturday mornEspecially we mention appreciation is sufficiently restored to be enabled to ing. to the various radio stations: here in

take his part as one of the speakers in First, you who were here yesterday our own city, KSL, and others in the this conference, and has given you his morning listened to an inspiring anstate of Utah, in Idaho, in Colorado, message, as has also Elder Thomas E. them, entitled "Out of the Silence,"Nevada, Arizona, California, Hawaii.

McKay. written by Elder Cyril Jenkins, one of Managers of these stations, no one can

Elder Albert E. Bowen, also stricken, our members and a holder of the priesttell how many people have been blessed

has been confined to the hospital for hood in Australia, who has rendered by your magnanimity and. cooperation.

several months. It is said that one great service to the Church in having We thank you!

element of true greatness is to choose the excellent selections of the TaberWe express appreciation to our singers.

the right with invincible resolution. nacle Choir put on the radio stations I do not know that we have ever had

That, our Brother Bowen has always in that faroff land, and who is now in for every session such inspiring music done, and expounded the principles of Great Britain, arranging with the rendered by the combined Scandinavian the gospel with a clarity so characterisBritish broadcasting stations to have the choirs Saturday, the Men's ChoFus of tic of him. Our hearts ache as we people in that land have the privilege the Tabernacle Choir Saturday night,

note that some of his muscles are not. of hearing the excellent music rendered by our own Tabernacle Choir Sunday,

responding. However, we want him by this organization. We thank you, and by the combined choruses of Brigto know as we close this great conferBrother Jenkins, and say God bless you, ham Young University today. I can

ence, that he still has and will continue that you may achieve the noble purscarcely refrain from commenting on to have our faith and prayers for his poses you have in mind. the inspiration that the presence of these

restoration to health; and we pray that We express gratitude and commendayoung men and young women gives to

the Lord will give him a desire, and tion for the responsiveness and attenus.

increased faith, to receive the blessings tiveness of the audiences. I wish parwhich we hope the Lord will give him. ticularly to commend you for your "How beautiful is youth! how bright it

With all our hearts We say God bless reverential attitude. This is a sacred gleams

you, Brother Bowen. building, used for many purposes, it (Concluded on following page)

BeEditors Page

JUNE 1953 389 The Editor's Page

(Concluded from preceding page) workers of the Primary, present worktions, but by perfecting the individual.

With its illusions, aspirations, dreams! ers, present officers from stakes. I wish He recognized the fallacy in the dream

Book of Beginnings, story without end, the ten thousand people here could of those who hoped to make a perfect

Every maid a heroine, and each man have seen the illustration and the exsociety out of imperfect individuals."

a friend!"amples they gave showing the growth In all these labors and associations, he

of the Primary during the last seventysought the perfection of the individual.

How glorious is youth, and here are five years. His goal always set before his folseveral hundred of them in our presence, Friday night this building was lowers was the emancipation of men

contributing their talents to the inspiracrowded to overflowing by the bishopand women from greed, from anger, tion of our conference. Again, thank rics of the Church, under the direction from jealousy, from hatred, from fear;

you. of the Presiding Bishopric. and in their place he hoped to bring

To all others who have in any way Saturday, seventeen thousand memabout a complete and normal developcontributed to the excellency and the bers of the priesthood filled this house, ment of the individual's divine powers inspiration of this, the 123rd conferthe Assembly Hall, Barratt Hall, Field through right thinking and unselfish ence, we express our gratitude.. House at BYU, representing the priestefficient service.

Now, may I trespass upon your time hood of the Church. He promised no material rewards,

divine perfected, promise he did of to final the patribut a meeting to say a had worda few moments We have this as heard in manhood, we have presipresidents, of to mission archs, presidents, another mission youyou dencies of stakes, bishoprics of wards, another of welfare workers, and one conference. "Be ye perfect, even as

to you officers, stake and local, to you of stake missionaries. your Father which is in heaven is perdi- fect."5:48.) (Matt. with that And to are so doing makemothers much who all all these, other meetings and Why the resultant hapvine comes manhood referto buildingsthese which new are Tell in the me! Church? They piness, true happiness. attractive, so andence has been made, of for individual the the held good

contributingin other waysto the adfor your daughter son your and my son, work. of thevancement said, "... If Final Blessing mine. has Lord and The

Much of what you brethren and sisit so be that you should labor all your God bless you, my dear fellow ters do we never hear about, and it days in crying repentance unto this workers, you General Authorities, stake seems as though you are working withpeople, and bring, save it be one soul presidencies, bishoprics, every officer and out any visible results, but no good unto me, how great shall be your joy teacher throughout the land, every memdeed, no kind word can be spoken withwith him in the kingdom of my Father! ber. May the Spirit of the Lord abide

out its effect being felt for good upon And now, if your joy will be great with in your hearts, and in your homes, that all. Sometimes the good may be inone soul that you have brought unto people partaking of your radiation of

finitesimal, but as a rock that is thrown me into the kingdom of my Father, honesty, integrity, uprightness, and faith in a pool starts a wave from the center how great will be your joy if you should in our Lord Jesus Christ will be led which continues to enlarge until every bring many souls unto me!"(D. & C. to glorify our Father in heaven.part of the shore is touched, so your 18:1516.) Many years ago—a Chinese philosexpressed opher that the thought I am silent,deeds, of them, unknown, many of organization the purpose whole The trying to give of result you, the andunspoken, unheralded, continue so so complete, this great to radiof Church, individual righteousness as follows: hearts. touchate and many is individual. perfect, the to bless How

We are not unappreciative of what that stands out in striking contrast, in "If there is righteousness in the heart you are doing. Nobody can go put to opposition, to the claim of the comthere will be beauty in the character.

a dedicatory service of one of these munist who says that the individual is If there is beauty in the character meetinghouses, hear incidents, details, but a spoke in the wheel of the state, there will be harmony in the home.

illustrations of what seem to be sacrithat the state is all in all, the indiIf there is harmony in the home fices of the hours and hours of work, vidual being but a contributing factor there will be order in the nation.

given freely, without being deeply imto the perpetuation and strength of the If there is order in the nation pressed with the integrity and sincerstate. there will be peace in the world."

ity of the members of this Church. That idea is diametrically opposed

Thursday morning this building was to the gospel of Jesus Christ. Jesus God help us to bring about that peace

crowded to capacity by Primary workers, sought for a perfect society, "not by in the only way that it can come, and representatives of one organization. That agitating the people to revolt against that through obedience to the gospel of

night, the hotel ballroom was crowded political or social organizations, nor by Jesus Christ, I pray in his holy name.

with former workers, general board any reorganization of existing condiAmen.

;.&>.

...<&&&$!&*

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Youn uestion

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

President Joseph Fielding Smith

"Dear Brother: be even as I am, and I am even as the Father;

"I hope you will pardon me for trespassing on and the Father and I are one."(Ibid., 28:7-10.)

your time, but I desire some information in relaLater, as he was writing of this event, Mormon tion to the nature of translated beings. It is my wondered just as your friends are wondering, if

opinion that they occupy an intermediate position these three had been changed from mortality to between mortality and immortality, where they immortality so he inquired of the Lord and thus are not subject to the pains and sicknesses common he recorded his answer:.

among mortal men. Some of the members of our "But behold, since I wrote, I have inquired

class express the thought that they have become of the Lord, and he hath made it manifest unto immortal, but by appointment, granted by the me that there must needs be a change wrought

Lord, they remain on earth to accomplish some upon their bodies, or else it needs be that they special work assigned to them. We are anxious must taste of death;

to know just what their nature is.""Therefore, that they might not taste of death

there was a change wrought upon their bodies,

Tf you and your friends will take time to read that they might not suffer pain nor sorrow save it the twentyeighth chapter of Third Nephi, you were for the sins of the world.

will find the complete answer to your question. "Now this change was not equal to that which

Jesus granted to each of the twelve disciples he shall take place at the last day; but there was a

had chosen among the Nephites whatsoever they change wrought upon them, insomuch that Satan desired before he left them. Nine of them asked could have no power over them, that he could

for the privilege of coming to him speedily after not tempt them; and they were sanctified in the

their earth mission was finished, and to them he flesh, that they were holy, and that the powers said: "Blessed are ye because ye desired this of the earth could not hold them.

thing of me; therefore, after that ye are seventy "And in this state they were to remain until

and two years old ye shall come unto me in my the judgment day of Christ; amd at that day they

kingdom; and with me ye shall find rest."(3 were to receive a greater change, and to be reNephi 28:3.) The three others remained silent ceived into the kingdom of the Father to go no

fearing to. tell him what they desired, but he unmore out, but to dwell with God eternally in the

derstood their thoughts, and to them he said: heavens."(Ibid., 28:3740.)

"Therefore, more blessed are ye, for ye shall If we would only think, we would realize that never taste of death; but yc shall live to behold translated beings are still mortal and will have

all the doings of the Father unto the children of to pass through the experience of death, or the men, even until all things shall be fulfilled acseparation of the spirit and the body, although cording to the will of the Father, when I shall this will be instantaneous, for the people of the come in my glory with the powers of heaven. City of Enoch, Elijah, and others who received

"And ye shall never endure the pains of death; this great blessing in ancient times, before the

but when I shall come in my glory ye shall be coming of our Lord, could not have received the changed in the twinkling of an eye from mortality resurrection, or the change from mortality to imto immortality; and then shall ye be blessed in mortality, because our Lord had not paid the

the kingdom of my Father. debt which frees us from mortality and grants to

"And again, ye shall not have pain while ye us the resurrection and immortal life. Christ

shall dwell in the flesh, neither sorrow save it be is the "resurrection and the life,"and the "first for the sins of the world; and all this will I do befruits of them that slept,"therefore none could

cause of the thing which ye have desired of me, pass from mortality to immortality until our for ye have desired that ye might bring the souls Savior completed his work for the redemption of of men unto me, while the world shall stand. man and had gained the keys of the resurrection,

"And for this cause ye shall have fulness of being the first to rise having "life in himself"and joy; and ye shall sit down in the kingdom of my the power to lay down his life and take it up

Father; yea, your joy shall be full, even as the again, thus freeing all men from the bondage

Father hath given me fulness of joy; and ye shall which the fall had placed upon them.

JUNE 1953 391 oel's chin lifted angrily, and the friendly light in her blue eyes was consumed in an irate flame.

"I'll date whom I please, Mike Wilson!"she said defiantly. "You have

rightSOME ARE BORN Mike Wilson, towering above the girl, frowned forbiddingly. He, too,

was angry; his dark eyes flashing.

"I thought we were friends,"hesaid, and his young voice was bitter. to bs"I thought friends had a right—HEROES

"Not to interfere!"Noel interby Olive W. Burt

rupted, her bright eyes clouded.

"Okay,"Mike bit out. "If that's

the way you want it, go on chasing she might have known Mike would there had been an accident at the that uniform like a sentimental teenact like this. She had seen it commine just then, and Mike's father

ager 55 ing that first evening when Lieutenant was injured. He couldn't leave, and

"Mike!"Noel's cry cut him short. Stewart had stood looking down at when things straightened out, they

Mike muttered something, turned her and laughing. weren't taking miners any more, and

on his heel, and strode away down "The new schoolteacher, eh?"he he'd had to stay on.

the steep street of the little mining had teased. "They have certainly Noel said, "Oh, Mike, you know

town. changed models since I went to what I mean! Things just shape

Noel watched his broad back disschool!"themselves regardless of our plans.

appear with a definite feeling of She had danced with the gay Some men are just born to be heroes,hurt. She hated to quarrel with Marine Corps officer and had liked it seems, and some—"She bit off

it so liked that she it; had suddenly, aware of where much the words life pleasant very madeMike—he'd

again. again danced with her. him and her tongue was leading little this lonelyin had had town and

helped her laugh at the rough going Mike had looked on, his eyes somber, But Mike wasn't dumb.

of her first year of teaching. But and Noel had teased him about it. "Are born to be miners, I guess,"

he had no right, she told herself de- "Don't be a bear, Mike!"she had he finished, and his tone was grim.

fensively, to accuse her of acting like said, laughing gaily because she was Noel, peering through the gather- a teenager. so happy. "He's a hero, you know. ing dusk for Lieutenant Stewart, who

Noel, waiting for Lieutenant GorAnd I had no idea I'd meet a real had promised to meet her here and don Stewart, town hero home from hero up here in Silver City!"take her to dinner in the mining

Korea for a month's leave after some Mike had looked sullen, then, and town's one little cafe, told herself particularly brilliant action that had Noel had remembered that someone that Mike had been sullen ever since put his name on the front pages of had told her that he wanted to enthat evening. If she hadn't been atthe country's papers, told herself that list when Gordon Stewart did, but tracted to the blond marine, she

thought defensively, Mike's attitude would have driven her to pretend she was.

But she had been attracted, she had to admit with a smile, as she heard her name and swung to meet the tall lieutenant, who stood looking down at her and laughing in that provocative, teasing way of his, as if he knew some pleasant secret about her. "Am I. late, teacher?"he asked,

and Noel glanced at her wrist watch in the dusk and was a little embarrassed to see that he was right on time and to realize that this meant that she had got to their date early.

"Don't tell me!"he begged, and

taking her arm, he started her down the steep narrow street toward the little cafe. "There's a humdinger of

a western on at the Roxy. We'll grab

us some chow and then see it, eh?"

Noel laughed up at him. He made

the meager diversions of the town seem gay and exciting. Life could

be an adventure with a man like 392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "He's the digginest man I ever saw. Been at it steady for three hours, now, and

wouldn't stop when I told him to."

this, no matter where it was lived Mike, how nice to find you here!"The theater had grown very still

on a South Sea island or in a tiny "Yes, isn't it?"Mike growled. as Gordon's friends listened, breathmining town here in her own home Gordon Stewart leaned toward his less to the marine's voice.

state. old friend and said pleasantly, "Hello, And the voice, lost in its memories,

They dawdled over the meal, Mike. It's like old times, isn't it?"had forgotten there was an audience,

laughing a good deal, interrupted by A slight smile curved Mike's lips and went on excitedly.

the townfolk who had to stop and in spite of himself. Noel, knowing You couldn't blame them for lisspeak to their hero, so they didn't him well, thought, "I bet you are tening, Noel thought. He was their

reach the theater until the lights had thinking of other times, Mike, when very own—their brother or cousin or

been turned down and the show was some other girl sat between you two friend—back from that faraway batin progress. boys. I wonder if you've always tlefield. He was making it real for

The usher, a twelveyear-old kid, fancied the same girl? And I wonder them—making the war real, so that

showed them to some empty seats, which one of the town girls may they were, for once, losing themselves his flashlight trembling, his eyes shinhave caused you the most worry."in the actual combat. Noel didn't

ing in the darkness with the honor She began checking them over in her blame either the marine or the townof showing Lieutenant Stewart where mind, one by one. folk—she understood their reaction.

to sit. Noel was roused from this doubtBut she sensed a feeling of withNoel picked her way carefully over fully pleasant occupation by a little drawal, almost of enmity, in the

the feet the flashlight revealed and cry from her companion. stubborn silence of Mike Wilson.

sat down, the marine beside her. It "Look, Noel!"he exclaimed. "Mike thinks Gordon is just showwas a newsreel that was showing, "There's the kind of country we were ing off,"Noel said to herself. "He's

and Noel, not interested in the sports in!"touchy on this war business. Maybe

events peered around in the darkness, Noel looked and saw that the newssome of the other fellows are, too,"trying to accustom her eyes to the reel had changed to the Korean conand she peered around her, trying to gloom. flict. read the faces of the young miners

Some vague sense warned her to "Looks real as life!"Gordon went scattered through the audience.

look at the man next to her, and, as on. "Those hills—those roads Then the newsreels were over, and

her eyes made out the features, she gosh, it makes me forget I'm back the western was on. Noel, sitting

gave a little cry of surprise. "Why, home—almost!"(Continued on page 463)

JUNE 1953 393 member in his "religious duty."It

has been as important for a Scout to observe his religious obligations as to perform any part of the scouting program.

It was this phase of scouting that had such a strong appeal to the

Church when its adoption was considered forty years ago.

A committee was appointed by the

Church on March 8, 1911 to make a study of the value of scouting to the

Church. The committee was composed of the following men: B. H.

Roberts, George H. Brimhall, and

Benjamin Goddard. They made a

study of scouting and at the conclusion of the study made recommendations to the Church that scouting be adopted officially as a part of its program.

This the Church did, and the program was assigned to the Y.M.M.I. A.

The General Church Scouting Relationships committee, appointed October 24, as the sponsor of scouting in the 1951: Front row, center: President David O. McKay, left, Ezra Taft Benson, right, Mark Church. It has remained there, over

E. Petersen; back row, left to right, LeGrand Richards, A. Walter Stevenson, Elbert all the years, as the Y.M.M.I.A. pro-

R. Curtis, David S. King, D. L. Roberts. gram for boys of scouting age.

Application by the Y.M.M.I.A. was

then made to the National Council,

Boy Scouts of America, and on May 21, 1913, a charter was issued by the SCOUTING National Council to the Y.M.M.I.A.,

authorizing full and complete use of scouting as an integral part of the boy program in the Church. FOR YEARS For a number of years the promo- J) tion and stimulation of scouting 4 throughout the Church was done alby D. L. Roberts most entirely through the general

DIRECTOR OF "MORMON"RELATIONSHIPS, BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA board of the Y.M.M.I.A. Elder John

H. Taylor was appointed scouting

years of scouting in the birthday was February 8, 1910. Its commissioner for the Church, and inForty Church! service and inspiration to the boys of this assignment he reached most of

During that time thousands of America since then have made a notethe stakes in the interest of encouragboys, led by good men, have promised, worthy contribution to life in Amering ward and stake Y.M.M.I.A.

on their honor to do their duty to ica. As an attractive and adventureleaders to organize Scout troops and

God... to their country... to their some program, it has been available to take full advantage of scouting.

fellow men... and to themselves. to all churches, schools, clubs, and Great strides were made by the

They have spent hundreds and hunother institutions having boy proChurch in the number of troops ordreds of nights in the great outdoors, grams for their use as a supplement ganized. The percentage of the boy

around the campfire. They have to their own program. With some members of the Church who became

learned to swim, to cook, to take institutions it has been the whole Boy Scouts was very high, and it is care of themselves in the open and program. In others it has been added thought that most of the boys in the

to become stronger and more selfas a supplement to the program of Church, especially those in wards and reliant. Daily "good turns"by the the institution. This latter condistakes, have at some time or other

thousands have been done. It has tion has been true with most of the been members of the Boy Scouts and

been a profitable and fruitful underchurches using scouting. In this way as such have pledged their "duty to

taking. the churches have had, in addition God."

Good men with the scouting proto the advantage of the outdoor and For about fifteen years the Scout gram, fortified by the spiritual advancement activities of scouting, an program was operated in the wards strength of the gospel, have for forty opportunity to emphasize the spiritual and branches with one organized years, inspired thousands of Mormon phase of scouting—the "duty to God"troop in each place. After considerboys to better living. part. able study of the situation, conclusions

Scouting, which is the program of It has been possible to use the were reached that a large number of the Boy Scouts of America, is officially strength and force of scouting to help older Boy Scouts were dropping out fortythree years old this year. Its the Scout to be faithful as a church of the troops. There seemed to be a

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '.:':"'.. Y.M.M.I.A. scouting program has included a Boy Scout troop and an Explorer post in each ward and branch

where there were enough boys to justify such an organization.

During the years, the program has been extended to the missions of the

Church where there are many organized scouting units in the branches of the missions.

A great event for scouting in the

Church occurred in 1947. As a part

of the great centennial celebration of the advent of the Saints in the Salt

Lake Valley, a "Pioneer Scout camp"was set up on a section of Fort Douglas in Salt Lake City. More than

4000 Mormon Scouts and Explorers from all over the United States,

Canada, and Mexico camped together for five days in July 1947, during the great Pioneer celebration.

The importance of scouting in the

Church was emphasized in 1950 when the Executive Board of the NaThese Scouts are filling three phases of the anniversary program. They can tional Council, Boy Scouts of Amertheir merit in requirements part badges advancement by securing of themeet bookbindica, established the job of Director of

displays. for live also use these materials demonstrationsing, they can and window

"Mormon"Relationships. This was

need to give special attention to a program for older boys. This idea a National Boy Scout appointment,

Scout program for older boys. Groups was, of course, in complete harmony but its purpose was to aid and assist

effective a to more the make Church to a study appointedwere and make dobeen the with Church had what it to relates the as of scouting use resultto suggestions. prepare The since the 1928. since ing However,

of This the great Church. purpose fall this in ofof the that the 1928 was officially set Council National had is of cost aid, handled by the which integrated theY.M.M.I.A. throughout the program, Explorer Scout the up is of the Scouts America, the Boy proScoutChurch, the Vanguard adopted it and immediately Church is for Catholics, the as provided same especially designedgram. This was the from the term Vanguard dropped protestants, and Jewsto attract the in hold older boys and

Y.M.M.I.A. program. Since then the (Concluded on page 470)program of scouting. Special emphasis was given to the First Class, Star,

Life, and Eagle ranks. This, of

course, included wide participation in the Merit Badge program.

This led to a policy of organizing in each ward and branch, a Vanguard

Scout troop which was organized of older Scouts, operating under separate leadership and charter, and having a program designed to interest and hold these older boys.

For many years the Church has been represented on the National

Executive Board. The late President

George Albert Smith was for several years a member of this board. He

was succeeded by Elder Ezra Taft

Benson.

Several leading churchmen have been members of national committees, regional committees, and local councils. These contacts have helped to

strengthen scouting and have been helpful to the Church.

The Vanguard Scout program continued until about 1933 when the National Council, Boy Scouts of AmerPreparing to meet the advancement phase of the 40th anniversary program these ica announced the Explorer Scout Scouts cook twist over an open fire. Camping is an important part of their activities.

JUNE 1953 395 Janice put the wings temporarily into place and secured them with stout rubber bands.... WTTLE GU/by Ora Pate Stewart

Janice Potter raised her sleeping those adventurous but unglorified to marriage. Maybe Bruce's mother

baby and pressed her face against days after the war. Then there was should come in for some of the blame.

his fat little neck. He smelled so the university on the G.I. bill. When a fledgling gets big enough to

sweet with powder rubbed into the Janice looked at herself in the mirtry his wings, his mother pushes him top half of him and oil smoothed ror of the baby's dresser. There was out of the nest and makes him fly

over the lower half. She usually a hair or two out of place. You on his own. Bruce's mother had

didn't bathe him at night; but lately can't wrestle with babies and always never done this. Bruce was still

she had taken to putting him in the look like a model. It was lonely to very secure in his mother's nest. Well,

big tub last thing and letting him be a widow at twentyfour. It perhaps Mildred Midgley should take

soak and splash and get a last workwasn't that Dixon Potter was really her share, too. Mildred and Bruce

out, then rocking him to sleep. Most dead. It was just that he was always had doubledated with Janice and

of the girls she knew just put their gone or busy. Like now, when he Dixon all the time they were going

babies to bed at night and shut the and Bruce were in the basement, in together. Mildred was a good girl,

door; but she had found that he slept the laundry room to be exact, of the but too pretty and too talented. She

better after this ritual; and it was apartment house. Oh, he always wanted to be a movie star or an opera

something to do. There was plenty told her where he was or where he singer. And marriage and babies

to do, but this was something you was going. She wasn't like some could wait for her until she and her

could do with somebody. The wives, who didn't know where their voice had carved their niche in the

evenings weren't so lonely this way husbands were. Tonight they were hall of fame.

not until eight o'clock anyway! working on their model airplane. Last Janice looked down at Little Gus.

Janice laid the infant tenderly in night they were studying math at the No, she wouldn't slice the blame thin his crib and drew the sheet and one library, and tomorrow night they enough to give him a piece. An

blanket up over him. It was spring would probably go to Bruce's house eightmonths-old baby could carry

now. One blanket would be enough. to delve into the deeper mysteries of no blame. She looked back at her-

"Sleep tight, Little Gus,"she whisengineering and wind up, both of self in the mirror. We always look

pered. Little Gus was not his name; them, on Bruce's big bed telling at ourselves last, She was not as

but it was all he had ever been called stories and experiences from Burma. pretty as Mildred, But Mildred had

since the first time Bruce Bennett had Often he would grab a bite to eat no man to hold. Mildred's struggle

laid eyes on him. Bruce was Dixon with Bruce—his mother was a was between herself and her public.

Potter's best friend. They had gone marvelous cook. As soon as that was solved, she

to high school together. They had It was all Bruce's fault. He had could choose her own man—if she

flown the Mastadon in Burma during never been able to give Dixon over made the choice soon enough. Janice

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had had no such struggle to make. planking, dowels, and radio or paaof the basement stairs and called that

She had always known that what load details as desired."Janice's phone was ringing. So Janice

she wanted was a husband and "We're not interested in the radio untangled Little Gus and ran up the babies. control,"Dix reminded him. "You three flights.

Well, he was gone; and she had have to have a special license for "Hi, Honey,"it was Dix, "where

let a man beat her time. Not a man, that. Stick to the paaload."you been?"Janice explained that it

really. Bruce was still just a boy; "And you'd better stick to your was wash day. "Do you mind runand that was actually all she had knitting,"Janice said to herself. "This ning down to the basement and

to putagainst him. A twentyfive-yearold is no place for a bootie maker."getting the tool kit—be sure

itboy! How she wished he would grow "Don't go,"Dixon called to her. everything back in—and taking

up and put away his childish things But she was already halfway up one over to Bruce's house for us? The

like toy airplanes! There was an flight. light is better in his basement."

airplane meet a couple of weeks away. The next morning she was won- "The airplane, too?"

The prize was fifty dollars. dering what Bruce Bennett had that "No, we made a mistake in it. It

doesn't balance right. Bruce is going The baby stirred, and Janice that she didn't—money. But that was

switched off the light and closed the his mother's and not his own earning. to buy another, and we're going to

door softly. It was not fair to hang And Dixon would never, never leach start over. Be a good girl and bring

onto a sleeping baby just because the onto anyone because of money. Oh, the stuff."

hours were lonely. She would get if Bruce would only get married! Janice wrapped Little Gus in the

her knitting and finish those booties Mildred, the minx, was not hoarding carriage robe and laid him on the while she removed the clothespinshe was making for Mildred. Funny those booties for nothing—not in enbed

apron and changed her dress. Thenthing. Mildred may not need booties tire hopelessness—there was a soft

for years to come, and yet, every streak in her somewhere. She could she took the baby to the downstairs

new pair that Janice started, if be won. Was Bruce afraid? Was porch where she kept the baby buggy.

Mildred saw them she wanted them the nest too soft at home? Janice "Be good, Little Gus,"she smiled

maybe to give to friends. Janice never had gone over it all before, but it as she strapped him in place in the

asked. After the first couple of pairs never came out right. buggy and went to get the airplane

Mildred had insisted on paying her, Today was her wash day. So after gear. There was no use waiting for

for the yarn, she put it, a sum as Dix had got off to school, she put the batch to finish, as she had left handsome as the booties. Janice was Little Gus under one arm and the the quarter for the next batch upstairs

a genius with her hands, Mildred laundry under the other and went in the apron pocket. She would

pointed out, a field where she herself to the basement. She secured the gather up the assortment of tools and

was quite useless. So the little bead baby in the swinging canvas chair, get on with her errand and hurry

box in Janice's dresser was swelled and sorted the whites and put them back.

from time to time with bootie money. in the automatic and inserted the Little Gus enjoyed the ride. She

"Bootie,"she called it, instead of quarter. There would be nothing to should take him out more often.

sock. do for twenty minutes; but it was Summer was the time to ride and

But knitting wasn't fun too many walk. But it was also the time for

nights of the week; so Janice rolled love and companionship. And this

up the yarn, fixed her hair, and went brought back the heaviness.

down the three flights to the baseBack at home in the basement, with ment. It was not her night to wash, so Little Gus upstairs in his crib for

she had no excuse but to see how the his morning nap, Janice sat down onboys were coming. She knew they the high stool to watch the second

were making only one model between batch through the glass swirling them. Dixon would never use his around. This was better than the

super skill to compete against Bruce.

washboard of her grandmother's time

It would be like a mother running or the old pushpull machine of heragainst her own daughter in a piemother's day. But it left time for

baking contest. Besides, the matefeel sorry to brood and the women

rials and the tool kits were all Bruce's for themselves. Some women—bought with the Bennett money. not worth climbing the three flights. hobbies. Some played bridge. Janicehad

The Dixon Potter money had to go The knitting was in her clothespin had her baby and her knitting.

for diapers and rent. apron pocket. But she left it there. Her eyes wandered back to the

"How you coming?"Janice asked. The skeleton of the airplane model skeleton of the abandoned little airNeither of them looked up. Bruce there on the work bench looked like plane. "Poor little neglected thing,"

was reading from a large assembling the bony cadaver of some unfortunate she said; "I know just how you feel."

chart: "Dotted lines indicate right fish. The boys had worked late, and She looked from its nose to its rudder.

center panel ribs. Make one of each. the fuselage looked finished all but "Where is it you don't balance?"

Slant end ribs for polyhedral."the wings and wrapping. Of course, She lifted the rejected plane tenderly

Dixon was rubbing on a piece of Janice didn't know anything about and laid it on the edge of her capable wood with the edge of a piece of the stringers, the gear, cowl plankhand. She moved it forward and

glass. Bruce went on: "Steady all ing, dowels, and paaload, whatever then back, as she had seen the boys

torque tube bearings with scrap balsa. they were. But it looked like a pretty do. Then she picked up the as-

... After the basic fuselage is asgood fuselage. sembling chart: "This model should

sembled, add the stringers, gear, cowl The landlady stepped to the head (Continued on page 454)

JUNE 1953 397 Left to right: Ronald L. Holland, stake clerk; Willard L. Smith, President Alberta Temple; Elder LeGrand

Richards, of the Council of the Twelve; President S. Dilworth Young, First Council of the Seventy; Gordon

S. Brewerton, President Alberta Stake; and Lloyd Cooper, owner of the snowmobile.

drifts. We had to hit them at forty

Our Snowstorm Adventure milesmentuman tohourcleartothem.get enoughOften theymowere piling up on curves so that we

by S. Dilworth Young didn't know whether or not we'd be

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY off the road into the ditch. Fortunately, we managed to keep equidistant from the fence posts which

I, on the ference was at Cardston; mine, at feet out on each side. There wasWELeGrandleft SaltRichardsLake andCity, Elder for direction. Elder Richards'conlined both sides of the highway—fifty

morning of Friday, March 20, Lethbridge. At Great Falls we one time when the sky, the earth,

under a cloudy sky and with three learned that either direction was bad; the road, and the barrow pit were

inches of new snow on the ground, that people had traveled as far as one great confusion. I could not

but we were soon into good weather. Browning, but from there on was tell where anything was, and there

By the time we reached Ogden, skies anybody's chance, while the road we hit our largest drift. Fifty yards

were clear and the road dry and north appeared at the moment to be of plowing through, the flying snow safe. Our run to Butte was uneventimpassable beyond Shelby. We reaplastering the windshield, and we

ful. The ride was extremely interestsoned that if the storm were moving were on the bare road again, on a

ing to me, for Elder Richards is exeast, after three days of it, the curve. I gave a silent prayer of

cellent company and has a vast field western edge might be east of Brownthanks, which I am sure that Brother of interesting experiences and coming by night. (This proved to be Richards echoed in his heart.

ments with which to keep a brisk, wrong, for the storm didn't move During the last forty miles the stimulating conversation going. There east until Sunday.) I asked Brother road was through the Blackfeet Inwasn't a dull moment the whole time. Richards what his impressions were. dian Reservation. In the gloom of

At Butte, Montana, we received He said that he felt that we should the storm the hills and valleys were our first hint of trouble. The car go west to Browning and try for especially bleak, not a homestead or

radio brought in a report of a big Cardston. He asked me how I felt. a barn looming up as a haven in

storm crossing Glacier Park—heading I upheld his feeling to go west to the storm. In one especially bad

east—with high winds and roads Browning. spot we came to three men walking

blocked from drifting. Deciding that We drove about twenty miles beinto the storm; their bodies bent into

we might need the extra time Saturfore we began to feel the storm. Anthe blast, their great hats pulled

day, if we had trouble, we drove to other thirty miles and we were well down over their faces. We stopped

Helena for the night. into it. A hard driving wind whirled and offered them shelter and a ride.

Consultation Saturday morning the falling snow, and the fallen snow, They proved to be two Piegan Indian brought the decision to go to Great into one great blinding confusion. In men and a white boy. They were

Falls. Here the road forked, one places the road was blown clean glad for the ride. We took them into

going straight north to Lethbridge, and we could see the edges of it. Browning, which we reached without

via Shelby, the other going west Then almost immediately a rapidly mishap.

through Browning, skirting Glacier forming drift would block us, and At Browning we purchased a shovel

Park to Cardston. At this place we the road would be invisible. We did and had our chains put on the tires.

could consult the state highway police not dare to "go easy"through the {Continued on page 461) 398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Addresses delivered at the 123rd Annual General Conference, April 4, 5, and 6, 1953.

Two Paramount Obligations

Of Members Of The Church by President David O. McKay

behalf of the General Authorities perintendent M. Lynn Bennion of the past five years discloses the fact that

Inof the Church, I wish to extend to City schools, and Superintendent E. there is an increase in the following

the ten thousand people or more asAllen Bateman, state superintendent of activities: (1) in the number of full

sembled here in the Tabernacle and on schools. I am not sure whether Presitithepayers, (2) the number holding

the Tabernacle Block, and to the tens dent Louis L. Madsen of the Utah State family prayers, (3) the number attendof thousands, perhaps hundreds of thouAgricultural College is present or not; ing weekly group meetings, (4) the atsands, of listeners a cordial welcome to if he is, we bid him welcome with the tendance at sacrament meetings shows

the opening session of this, the 123rd others. We wish to welcome also Dr. no increase, and (5) visits by quorum

Annual Conference of the Church. Franklin L. West, Church commissioner officers to quorum members show a

The General Authorities sense deeply of education, and his associates; Dr. decrease of two percent, but participathe responsibility that rests upon them. John L. Clarke, president of Ricks Coltion in Church work, an increase from

Everyone, I am sure, feels, as I, the lege, and other leading educators. fortyfour percent to eightone percent.weight of this responsibility, and each May we have your sympathy—I apThese figures refer only to Melchizedek

one prays for your prayerful sympathy peal to all who are listening in to give Priesthood workers. Favorable as the

and your cooperation in the carrying us your faith and prayers, as we present record is, we admonish them to more on of this great work of establishing the to you this morning the messages that activity and urge them to participate kingdom of God on earth. will come from those who will be called more generally in Church activities.

pulpit. the of Church to the Society occupy Relief The this are especially pleased mornWe statistical report, other to growaddition the and pleasing In equally gives an to in the Excelaudience,ing note His clerk to just the presented accomplishment, by data you in membership, inglency, Lee, goverBracken Honorable J. there will conference, of undoubtedly the you 1952 spirituality. During and of of state the Honor,nor His Utah; interested in the items following to the be added mem7900 names were

representatives Earl Glade, andMayor J. to directly pertain cooperate the sisters fully more which bership. The institutions, educationalof leading the interests of spiritual great the Church. This lend priesthood and the with

of A. UniverthePresident Olpin Ray I is a shall stakes, present missions merely and summary, to wards strength and

sity of L. Ernest President WilkinUtah, it as as possible. quickly activities, building as such branch and

of University, Suson Brigham Young activity of the projects. holding welfare The men and programs

*This is the opening address delivered at the the Melchizedek Priesthood is espeThe compassionate services are refirst session, Saturday morning, April 4, 1953. cially gratifying. A summary of the (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 399 President David 0. McKay continued

ceiving careful attention. During 1952 at seventyfive percent of the leadership

there were 209,890 visits made to the sick meetings. In December 1952, all girls,

and the homebound, and 22,500 eighttwelve to nineteen, in the Church, hour days bedside nursing on a volunachieved an average of fiftyseven pertary basis. This is particularly imcent attendance at sacrament meeting,

portant in view of the pronounced nurse sixtysix percent at Sunday School and shortage. The sisters have strong testisixty-seven percent at M.I.A. This is

monies of the truth of the gospel, as is an increase over the previous year of attested by the righteousness of their four percent at sacrament meeting, and lives, and evidenced in the testimonies three percent at Sunday School and borne during the testimony period held M.I.A.

in connection with the monthly theology Primary—Four objectives have been

lessons. highlighted in the Primary Association

"It is our personal opinion,"say the this year: first, stimulate interest in the

Presidency, "that the Church has never reading of the Book of Mormon; sechad a generation of Relief Society ond, promote greater reverence in our

women more spiritual, more diligent, chapels—a most commendable objective;or more devoted to the work of the third, teach the children to pray—equalChurch."ly important; fourth, stress the imThe Sunday School—-a goodly number portance of the boys receiving the President David O. McKay

of Sunday Schools whose superinAaronic Priesthood. Thirtytwo thoutendents have been left in that position sand officers and teachers have been

long enough to catch the spirit of efreading the Book of Mormon as a Thus does the Lord emphasize in afective Sunday School work—has made scripture assignment. simple though majestic comparison of

strides in increasing the testimony and Primary teachers throughout the material and spiritual possessions.

spiritual attunement of a large proporChurch have been urged and advised On another occasion, in the Sermon tion of members by the following to accept the responsibility and privilege on the Mount, he admonished his means: first, ward teacher training classes of teaching the children to pray and hearers to seek "first the kingdom of

for prospective teachers; second, increasto help them to trust in our Father in God, and his righteousness; and all

ing numbers of stakes are holding heaven, believing that he will hear these things shall be added unto you."

monthly union meetings which had to and answer their prayers. Over 7000 (Ibid., 6:33.) Seeking to establish the

be abandoned during the war; third, boys have been graduated from Primary kingdom of God and to foster his rightgreat numbers of Sunday School teachers and have been assisted in their preparaeousness should be the paramount purreport having been helped immensely tion to receive the Aaronic Priesthood. pose of life. I think none will gainsay

by the inspiration, the lesson enrich- I wish that the ten thousand people that.

ments, and the teaching "knowhow"here assembled might have seen the Leading statesmen, clearthinking contained in the great magazine for program that was given to the presieducators, in public addresses and in

Sunday School teachers, The Instructor; dents of the Primary Associations in magazine articles, frequently refer to

and, fourth, by double use of ward the Hotel Utah last Thursday evening. what they declare is an apparent spirchapel and classrooms; for example, one We commend the priesthood workers itual poverty of the present age, and

overcrowded Sunday School has inand all the auxiliary workers of the they cite the need for higher moral and creased its average attendance from a Church. God bless you in your sinethical standards.

crowded 342 in 1950 to a comfortable cere and untiring efforts to teach the Some months ago, you will recall, 424 in 1952. And that is not an increase young ones and the older ones the prin- a "British jet plane crossed and rein the membership of the ward. ciples of truth and salvation. crossed the Atlantic Ocean in about

Young Men's Mutual Improvement eight hours. Shortly thereafter a carAssociation—Increase of enrolment durTwo Functions toon appeared in the New York Times,

ing last year, 29,000. Last year over And now, my dear fellow workers, which pictured a jet plane traveling

30,000 young people participated in a few words in general, regarding the at fantastic speed. The plane was

cboral productions; not one of them great mission that is yours in preaching labeled, "man's scientific progress."On

failed significantly to lift the spiritual the gospel of Jesus Christ. In anticipathe ground was a huge turtle moving

sights of the participants. Over 25,000 tion of this hour, I have been impressed slowly and ponderously. It was laindividual talks or speeches were given, to emphasize two great functions of the beled, "man's moral progress."

most of them on spiritual topics. Over Church: first, the putting in order of Commenting upon this, Professor

35,000 young people participated in our homes, and keeping them in order; William G. Russell, instructor in the

some way or other in an M.I.A. drama. and second, the proclaiming of the diMemorial High School at Pelham, New

Association—TheYoung Women's greatMutualpurposeImprovementof the vinitySavior, ofJesusthe Christ.mission ofWithour theseLord andtwo York,"In writes:a vivid way this cartoon symYoung Women's Mutual Improvement objectives in mind, may I have your bolizes what could be the tragedy of

Association is to build testimonies in attention, your faith and prayers. the modern age, and what is without

the lives of the young women of the "For what is a man profited,"said doubt one of the most compelling reaChurch, both members and investithe Savior, "if he shall gain the whole sons for greater attention to moral and gators. This purpose is promoted in world, and lose his own soul? or what spiritual values in our homes and in

three major ways: First, there is the shall a man give in exchange for his our schools."

girls'program which stresses, along with soul?"(Matt. 16:26.) And then he adds as a school man:

full activity in the Church, regular The first recorded question of the "Courses required of all students in our attendance at sacrament, Sunday School, Savior after his baptism in the river public schools should include all the and M.I.A. meetings. For the past year Jordan, was, "What seekest thou?"In important areas of study that directly

over 25,000 individual awards were the text I have just read, he again refers or indirectly provide the student with given to girls. to the dominant incentive prompting opportunities for spiritual growth and

This means that they attended at man's actions in daily life. If a man religious inspiration.

least seventyfive percent of the Sunseek wealth, worldly honors, pleasures, "From such study,"he continues, "it day School and M.I.A. meetings, fifty and all that riches and honor can beis reasonable to expect that our students

percent of the sacrament meetings. Over stow but neglects and leaves undewill better understand how vital has

2000 leaders received an award, which veloped the eternal riches of his soul, been the role of religion at critical in their case, also indicated attendance what is he profited? moments in history, how important

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA spiritual insights and religious faith can world. And it warns that any man of these are backbiting, evilspeaking,

be in the lives of men and women, who seeks to deny equality among all faultfinding on the part either of parhow closely related are true human his brothers betrays the spirit of the ents or of children. Slander is poison

greatness and such qualities as honesty, free and invites the mockery of the to the soul. "Slanderers are like flies

integrity, humility, generosity, compastyrant. that pass all over a man's good parts to

sion. We may expect in our students "It is because we, all of us, hold to light only on his sores."In the ideal

more idealism and less of cynicism, more these principles that the political home, there is no slanderous gossip of a wholesome courage and faith in changes accomplished this day do not about day schoolteachers, about public the future and less of pessimism and imply turbulence, upheaval, or disorder. officials, or Church officials. I am

foreboding and fear. Rather, this change expresses a purpose more grateful now, as years have come

"We may hope for increased tolerance of strengthening our dedication and deand gone, to my father, who with hands of racial and religious differences, invotion to the precepts of our founding lifted said, "Now, no faultfinding about creased respect for those of opposite documents, a conscious renewal of faith your teacher or anybody else."

political views or of lower social and in our country and in the watchfulness Quarreling and swearing also are evils economic levels, increased awareness of of a divine providence. that lower the standards of the ideal

the basic and inviolable dignity of the "The enemies of this faith know no home. I cannot imagine a father or

individual man or woman. We may god but force, no devotion but its use. mother swearing in the presence of

contribute to the development of a They tutor men in treason.. They feed children or even letting it pass their

more sensitive social conscience, a upon the hunger of others. Whatever lips.

greater sense of responsibility for the defies them, they torture, especially the George Washington set us a good exless fortunate in our society. We may truth."ample in this regard. When he learned

even, perhaps, without knowing it, bring that some of his officers were given to a boy or girl closer to God."I cite that And so we have the call of men of profanity, he sent a letter to them on

because of the opportunities which I clear vision and sound judgment, for a July 1, 1776, from which I quote:

think lie ahead of us in our public rededication of schools and homes to "The general is sorry to be informed schools. moral and spiritual values. that the foolish and wicked practice of

In his great inaugural address, PresiOur most precious possession is the profane cursing and swearing, a vice dent Dwight D. Eisenhower referred to youth of the land, and to instruct them heretofore little known in an American

this same great need. "In the swift rush to walk uprightly and to become worthy army, is growing into fashion. He hopes

of great events we find ourselves gropcitizens in the kingdom of God is our the officers will, by example, as well ing to know the full sense and meaning greatest obligation. as influence, endeavor to check it, and

of these times in which we live. In Religious freedom and the separation that both they and the men will reflect

our quest of understanding, we beseech of church and state are clearly set forth that we can have little hope of the

God's guidance. We summon all our in the first amendment to the Constitublessing of heaven on our arms if we

knowledge of the past, and we scan all tion of the United States, and no insult it by our impiety and folly. Added

signs of the future. We bring all our governmental agency can have any to this, it is a vice so mean and low,

wit and all our will to meet the quessupervision, control, or jurisdiction over without any temptation, that every man tion: religion. Though our public schools may of sense and character detests and de-

"How far have we come in man's emphasize moral, ethical, and spiritual spises it."

long pilgrimage from darkness toward as essential values elements in the pubin deterrent to the happiness Another light?the Are nearing light the we lic school favor program, they cannot is full refusal to the bear the homea day of of freedom for and all peace sysreligion particular or religious any of fatherresponsibility motherhood and

aremankind? the Or shadows of anis of religion tem. thereteaching The of the hood. Church Members whoother night in closing us? upon fore definitely a responsibility of the are be healthy not should normal and

"At such a time in history, we who home and the Church. guilty of restricting the number of chilare free must proclaim anew our In discharging this responsibility, I say dren in the home, especially when such

faith. again, members of the Church should action is prompted by a desire for a

"This faith is the abiding creed of ever keep in mind two paramount obgood time, or for personal gain, or to our fathers. It is our faith in the deathligations: (1) to put and to keep your keep up with the neighbors, or by a

less dignity of man, governed by eternal home in order; and (2), to proclaim false impression that one or two children

moral and natural laws. the divinity of Jesus Christ and the in a family can be better educated.

"This faith defines our full view of essentiality of his teachings to the salThese are excuses which members of life. It establishes, beyond debate, those vation of the human family. the Church should not harbor, for they

gifts of the Creator that are man's inIf, upon examination, you were to are unjustified.

alienable rights, and that make all men find that termites are undermining the The question of size of families, I equal in his sight. foundation of your house, you would know, brings up many problems: the

"In the light of this equality, we lose no time to have experts make question of woman's career, the false know that the virtues most cherished thorough examination and have the cry of "quality, not quantity,"which by free people—love of truth, pride of destructive insects exterminated. You one writer rightly says should read

preservation,"or "extinction, not the the weakened materials would have towork, devotion are country—all question living strengthmatter-offact of daily the foundation and removedtreasures equally precious in the lives

of the most humble and of the most ened and, if necessary, rebuilt. and getting on in the world.

exalted. Well, more important than the buildWith the high ideal of marriage as

"The men who mine coal and fire ing of your house is the rebuilding and revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith, furnaces, and balance ledgers, and turn purifying of your home. members of the Church should have but

lathes, and pick cotton, and heal the "Our home joys,"says Pestalozzi, one goal, and that is to keep in mind fact that the marriage, foundation affords, thesick, earth delightful plant serve as proud- "are and the most corn—all

is of of society, "ordained God"for children profitably, as in their of parents as the joyly and for America and the statesmen who draft treaties and the is the most holy joy of humanity. It the building of permanent homes in

legislators who enact laws. makes their hearts pure and good; it which children may be properly reared

"This faith rules our whole way of lifts them up to their Father in heaven."and taught the principles of the gospel.

life. It decrees that we, the people, Well, you know, and I know, that The following, I am sure, will strike

elect leaders not to rule but to serve. such joys are within the reach of most a responsive chord in the hearts of the

It asserts that we have the right to men and women if high ideals of marmajority of parents in the Church. I

choice of our own work and to the reriage and home be properly fostered quote:

ward of our own toil. and cherished. "Every period of human life is won-

"It inspires the initiative that makes But there are destructive termites of derful; the irresponsible age of childour productivity the wonder of the homes, as well as of houses, and some (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 401 President David 0. McKay Continued sameway ofneedssatisfyingand hadthem.found the only

"No teacher of the past was more hood, the thrilling years of adolescence of that cause said: "This is the stone awake to the weakness of human nature

but Jesus; he than also saw and profighting, productive, of builders, courtship, the and which set at nought you was

its clearly possibilities. divine claimed era corner. but burdenbearing of parenthood; of the which the head is become

possibilities that those saw could He life of the wonderful time most comes is in there salvation "Neither any realized as be only individual each was father the mother and become when is other: other for there none name into brought living normal touch with of their successful grownup, chums given under men, whereheaven among the Father. recogHeavenly man's A sons daughters, begin to and can and 4:1112.) (Acts saved."be must by we nition his of to his sonship opens God... their enjoy children. children's

declared thus Jesus The who man at eyes to all fact the that once men is restrictions, confined "Youth with to safe leader only the be one and and are lies brothers. his Herein mirthe limitations, schedules, dominations; and guide in ordinary world the an was life. acle of is It religious the the is full of adolescence mysteries, longlived nearly fisherman thoutwo who eternal of mystery conversion. is ings, defeats; early and fatherhood to ago. years sand grew manhood, He enters fully a into once man "When in struggles absorbed in soluthe and

life experiencing folk among common filial his attitude fratoward and God is of tion problems; extreme old age

I. as such a not and you was He relations ternal his fellow with men, eternal mysteries; shadowed by midbut dreamer. a of thoroughly was He man finds he suddenly himself saved from if dle life age, age old and normal has action, impetuous. though somewhat He of his passions, the his dominance been'rightly fully lived, filled are and fairly prosperous, possessed was qualiselfish fear. impulses, worry from and thrills, the with success, of not merely of ties all, leadership, and, above he of his sins the past consequences Even of but companionship children with and honest. was allonger great master a him, but no grandchildren.

"Every normal individual should Circumstances drew Peter into close luring field of service opens before him.

complete the full cycle of human life relationship with Jesus of Nazareth. With this selfforgetting service there

with all its joys and satisfactions in For nearly three years this hardheaded come peace and the joy and exultation natural order: childhood, adolescence, fisherman accompanied Jesus almost that crown worthy achievement."

youth, parenthood, middle age, and the constantly. He became intimately Furthermore, members of the Church

age of grandchildren. Each age has acquainted with the Master. Jesus'declare at Easter season, and throughout

satisfactions which can be known only philosophy of life became Peter's phithe year, that the Church of Jesus by experience. You must be born again losophy. Not suddenly, but gradually, Christ stands with Peter, with Paul,

and again in order to know the full through careful, critical observation and with James, and with all other Aposexperience, at a Peter arrived inward resurrection the accepted not tles who course happiness. the of human When

expressed sublime conviction, true, and literally beas being but as only first is born, is born, a firm baby a mother father is born, and grandparents are clearly and unhesitatingly when he deing also the consummation of Christ's born; only by birth can any of these clared before his accusers, the leaders divine mission upon the earth. Recome into being. Only by the natural of the Jewish Sanhedrin, "... there is ligious leaders since history began have

cycle of life can the great progressive none other name under heaven given taught virtue, temperance, selfcontrol, joys of mankind be reached. among men, whereby we must be service, obedience to righteousness, and

"Any social system which prevents saved."duty; some have taught a belief in one

the individual from pursuing the normal supreme ruler and in a hereafter; but

cycle of life, from marrying young, from Modern View of Salvation only Christ broke the seal of the grave as the death and revealed door to imof beforerearing the age a family

-- life. eternal fifty Saved is a trite word, frequently apmortality and unTo the the obtaining deep, from or so, and

peculiar joys of middle life and grandplied by religious leaders to a real or impeachable evidence of the ancient parenthood defeats the divine order of imagined instantaneous change of heart. Apostles to the resurrection of our Lord

the universe and lays the basis of all The sense in which we use it this we add the sublime declaration of the sorts of social problems. morning is expressed by Dr. Charles Prophet Joseph Smith:

literaFoster biblical of professor Kent, after the testimonow, many "And of and a young woman man "When in ture Yale University, in answer this of who, given nies been him, have which in the type right biological marry the to the question, all, is does last of "From what testimony, the man which we to earn prepared twenties early and are a living and support and rear a family, need to be saved?"writes: give of him: That he lives!"(D. & C.

they have started in the normal cycle "This question must be answered to76:22.)

of life. They are likely to give society day, not in the light of metaphysics or As Christ lived after death, so shall

far fewer problems of crime, immorabstract theology, but of physiology, psythe human family, each one taking ality, divorce, or poverty than are their chology, political science, economics, that place in the next world which he actions or merits she during through light sociology. the In of modern and will have companions. They unmarried

is life. love eternal as earthly Since it is that while psychology, apparent they rear while children and them

life, of resurrection as the the message experience instantaneously a man may are they are strong, enjoy them when is glorious the the comforting, most most is conversion, called what commonly successful, upon depend and up grown ever given death to man; for when is his salvation not attained in a mothe in weakness, profit by and them

takes a loved one from can us, we continuous educational but is a ment ever finest insurance of oldage type into look the grave open say, he and is It process. negaaccomplished not by insurance or God, invented an by man

is is alive. here; not he tions, developing within but by him in material its annuities pays which

give inmates homes Happy ideals nobler impulses by and and necessary, mainly but goods which when taste of a heaven on into relations bringing normal him earth—acceptanceto their felof love joys rich the in and pays

of of divinity Christ's the mission and with teaching his environment and by... joys of lowship. crowning The

his principles compliance the of with is, to function, effectively that him how will in experience middle come human gospel, give of assurance immortality his lifework in to accomplish the enthe age through companonward, and life. eternal and in is placed. vironment he which love, of ionship, children honor and

and grandchildren."(R. J. Sprague.) "This is precisely what Jesus did for I testify that a knowledge of his

We appeal to all members of the the needy men and women who gathexistence and of the truth of his gospel

Church to set their homes in order and ered about him during his work in is the source of the greatest comfort and to enjoy the true happiness of harmoGalilee. And what he did for them happiness to man.

nious family life. then he is able to do for men today, May the day speedily come when

As already stated, the second parafor the needs and the processes of salhonest, sincere men and women mount obligation is to proclaim the vation are eternally the same. He was throughout the world may have in their

divine mission of Jesus Christ. Nineteen able to perform his saving work besouls this assurance, I earnestly pray

hundred years ago, a valiant defender cause he himself had felt many of the in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA None Other Name

Under Heaven

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

here, but is risen."(Luke 24:5-6.) I am Thus his resurrection was abundantly

sure that at this moment, if not before, verified.

the dense darkness that had enshrouded The Jews and the pagans of the time this great Western Hemisphere broke, seem to have had little difficulty with the clouds rolled back, the light came, the idea of a Messiahship. The pagan

for the life and the light of the world theology was filled with pseudogods had left the tomb. and goddesses who were merely glorified

beings. angels to a glimpse could go human They The told the women President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Messiahship. notify the disciples. but they But to have seemed They did, and

the disciples thought the words were had no concept of the resurrection.

"y brethren and sisters: To my idle tales and believed not.

own prayer I humbly ask you to Apostasy Began.add yours, to strengthen me in my Appears to PeterMweakness, and to so order it that what Early in the Christian Church there

I shall say in the few minutes I stand Later in the day, two of the disciples began to arise heresies regarding the before you may be helpful and upwere on their way to Emmaus. The Christ. These heresies were aided by

building to all of us. Lord drew near and walked with them. the attempt of the early Christians to

Today is the day in which we comThey did not know him. He inquired harmonize their beliefs with the pagan

memorate the resurrection of our Lord as to their sadness as they walked. They beliefs, by adopting pagan beliefs. But,

and Savior, Jesus Christ. Always on asked if he did not know what had finally, in the main, these basic antithis day, I like to run over in my mind happened in Jerusalem in these days. Christ heresies disappeared, and Jesus

the events that happened on that mornHe feigned an ignorance of what they was recognized as the Christ.

ing of the resurrection. We cannot be were thinking. They recounted the Then the apostasy began. The Church

too certain of the order, but it could arrest, the trial, the crucifixion, and began to transgress the laws, to change have been, and probably was, as I shall the empty tomb. Declaring to them, the ordinances, and to break the everattempt to narrate. "O fools, and slow of heart to believe,"lasting covenant. The simple principles

Before it was light, while it was still {Ibid., 25.) he explained to them all of Christ's gospel were lost or changed.

dark, Mary Magdalene, the great lover, the prophets that had prophesied conThat was the first great apostasy.

went to the tomb of Jesus and found cerning this great event. They entered But as time went on, some of the anthe stone rolled back. Looking in, she the village and sat at meat; he broke cient heresies reappeared, and this reperceived the body was not there. She bread and blessed it. Then they recogappearance has been increasing in volhastened back to Peter and John and nized him as he vanished from their ume. The heresies began to question

told them. They, running, John outsight. whether Jesus was the Christ, and that

running Peter, reached the tomb. John During the same day he appeared question, of course, really questions the

looked in but did not enter. Courageous to Simon Peter. In the evening, of the Messiahship. Today one great body of

Peter, coming up, strode in and saw same day, the ten disciples (Thomas the Christian world has abandoned the burial clothes lying about. They absent) had assembled together in a Christ as the Messiah, the Atoning

then apparently returned to their quarroom. The doors and windows were Sacrifice, the Redeemer of the world;

ters. shut, but suddenly Christ stood in their they regard him now only as a great

midst. They were affrighted. He disteacher and philosopher.

Mary Followed closed himself to them, and ate with Another great section of the present

It seems that Mary followed along them. Christian world has more or less taken

after Peter and John, and, seeing a fig- A week later, the disciples were again away from the Savior a great part of ure, she approached the figure, thinkassembled together, Thomas this time that spiritual personality which he gave ing it was the gardener, and asked being there. He had said he would himself, and which his early Apostles

unless could believe touch he Lord. lain her The notwhere they had the gave, and which him. They we give

Savior. again Christ of the body came recognizedfigure spoke, "Mary."She are dividing their worship between him

him and would have embraced him, to them, though the doors were shut, and his mother.

instructed again them. and I for said, not; he "Touchbut me am it is responsibility our and know, We at Tiberias, sea of Thereafter, the he to yet Father: but ascendednot my that do know, to carry forward what we disciples, of several to the appeared to brethren, say unto them, andgo my is is the Christ, Son that he the Jesus fishing, thinking those gone hadI who Father, your ascend unto and my atoning truth in that of an he God, was over. their place took was work ThenFather; to your God."and and God, my

fall, for that sacrifice the through him that great conference, asked he where 20:17.)(John

all mortals, they whoever and by him if Peter Peter Peter loved him, and afterwards, the from Shortly women are, that through resurrected, will be said, "Yes,"saying "Feed Jesus spices to carrying my withGalilee, them it, all saved, his gospel be by and may sheep."21:17.) its (John for of final the Jesusprepare body

burial, came up. They looked in and He appeared to James, apparently not only, but exalted in the kingdom

the angels inside the tomb said, "Ye separately, then to a great multitude, of God.

seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucithen again to the disciples at the time It seems that we are almost alone in fied."(Mark 16:6.) "... Why seek ye of the ascension. He continued to walk clinging to the Christ as he described

the living among the dead? He is not with them at times over a period of himself and declared himself. This

*Address delivered at the Sunday morning session, forty days, and then came the ascenmust be because we are the Church of

April 5, 1953. sion. {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 403 First Session, Saturday Morning, April 4, 1953

Missionaries Labor

to Fulfil Promise

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Yesterday, with my Brethren, I was Fulfilling that prediction that the in session with some thirty missiongospel would again be preached, inary presidents. We heard a report ferring that there would be a time when President Joseph Fielding Smith

from all in relation to their work and it would not be preached and it would the work of the missionaries who labor have to be restored, these missionaries under them. At the close of the meetare going forth and spending their time sionaries shall not be stayed and that

ing, and all through the meeting, we which is appointed among the nations they shall go forth until he says the felt to rejoice because of the glowing of the earth. work is finished. In this same revelareports that they were able to give to Unfortunately, because of conditions tion he also says this:

us. which cannot be controlled by the "For they [the people of the earth]

There is one reason why these misChurch, our missionary forces are rehave strayed from mine ordinances, sionaries go forth and that is to fulfil duced. We need missionaries. It is and have broken mine everlasting covethe promise that was made by our true today, as it was one hundred years nant;

Redeemer that his gospel of the kingago, that the field is wide; the harvest "They seek not the Lord to establish

dom should be preached in all the is great; but the laborers are few. Likehis righteousness, but every man walketh

world as a witness before the time of wise the field is white and ready for in his own way, and after the image of his second coming. In his discourse the harvest. In a revelation given to his own God, whose image is in the

as recorded in the twentyfourth chapthe Church November 1, 1831, the Lord likeness of the world, and whose subter of Matthew which came in response said he would send forth his missionstance is that of an idol, which waxeth to the request of his disciples to know aries, or his servants. old and shall perish in Babylon, even

concerning his second coming, and the "And the voice of warning shall be Babylon the great, which shall fall.

events that would take place before unto all people, by the mouths of my "Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing the his coming, he told them of the calamidisciples, whom I have chosen in these calamity which should come upon the ties, the distress among the nations, the last days. inhabitants of the earth, called upon

wars, the rumors of wars, the commo- "And they shall go forth and none my servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and

tions, men's hearts failing them, and shall stay them, for I the Lord have spake unto him from heaven, and gave that they would turn away from the commanded them. him commandments;

truth. latter of speaking the Then also to gave "And commandments is this authority, "Behold, mine and said days to he them: others, that these they should proclaim of authority the servants, and my my shall again, iniquity because "And things all this the that unto world; and preface of the unto book commandmy love the shall abound, it wax fulfilled, of many be might written which was I ments, to given have which them cold; shall but that he overcome, be not the prophets by publish you, unto of inhabitants the Othe shall saved. same be shall of the things world weak "The earth.

"And again, this Gospel of the Kingcome forth and break down the mighty fear tremble, ye "Wherefore, and O world, shall in all the preached be ones, that notdom should and strong man

I dehave the Lord for what all nations, for then people, unto witness a and trust his counsel neither fellow man, shall the end come, or the destruction creed in them shall be fulfilled."(D. in the arm of flesh—

of the wicked."(Pearl of Great Price. & C 1:4-7.) "But that every man might speak in

Joseph Smith. 1:3031.) Now the Lord has said that his misthe name of God the Lord, even the

Savior of the world;

"That faith also might increase in

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Continued the"Thatearth; mine everlasting covenant

might be established;

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Ours Salvation comes only through him, and "That the fulness of my gospel might

is the responsibility to see to it that as Peter said to his accusers: "... there be proclaimed by the weak and the

no act or thought or teaching of ours is none other name under heaven given simple unto the ends of the world, and shall in any way question the divinity among men, whereby we must be saved."before kings and rulers."(Ibid., 1523.)

of Jesus, nor in any way question that (Acts 4:12.) And so in fulfilment of these promhe was the Son of God, nor in any May the Lord help us to keep this ises to the world, our missionaries go

way question the atoning sacrifice which testimony in our hearts and increase forth. No power has been able to stay

he made for us. If we do, we shall it; may he give us the courage proudly their hands. It has been tried. Great

become guilty of that great offense to proclaim it; may our influence in the efforts were made in the very beginning

where we shall crucify to ourselves the world be extended until we shall be when there was only a handful of

Son of God afresh, for which I am sure able to bring the righteous everywhere missionaries, but the progress of this we shall hardly gain forgiveness. to the knowledge which we possess, work could not be stopped. It cannot

Brethren and sisters, cling to the that they, along with us, if we shall be stopped now. It must and will go

Savior. Accept him as he, himself, hold our course, shall be saved and forth that the inhabitants of the earth

described himself: "I am the light and exalted in the celestial kingdom, I hummay have the opportunity of repenting

the life of the world."(Ibid., 8:12.) bly pray in the name of Jesus. Amen. of their sins and receive the remission

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of their sins and come into the Church of their sins and coming into the in the books contained within the lids and kingdom of God, before these final Church. The ungodly will not repent. of the Bible. Men are saying that—God

destructions come upon the wicked, for This truth is also stated in this reveladid not say it.

they have been promised. tion. They will not repent because toAnd he has restored to us the everThere is in the world today distress, day, as in times of old, men love darklasting gospel and has given us revelaturmoil, trouble, commotion, and conness more than light. tion and made known to us many of

tention among the nations. There is I wish to testify to you, my brethren the plain and important things pertainno peace. There will be no peace until and sisters, and to all the world, that ing to his kingdom—things revealed anthe Prince of Peace comes to bring it. God lives, that he has spoken again ciently, and also in the day in which

And his warning is to the world to refrom the heavens, and the heavens have we live, and he will give revelation to pent. This I might have read, for it is never been closed against those who this Church from time to time accordthe first verse of this revelation I have are honest and true, who earnestly seek ing to the needs of the people, for the

been quoting. The righteous have been the guidance of the Lord. The Lord heavens are not sealed, only as men

called on to come out of Babylon, or the never closed the heavens. Men closed have sealed them against themselves.

world, to receive the gospel of Jesus the heavens and said there should be Let us seek to know his will, hearken

Christ as it has been restored, and find a no more revelation, no more commandto the counsels of the First Presidency place in the kingdom of God. ments, only those which are in the of this Church, and the President, who

And these missionaries, mostly young canon of scripture. It was men who is the mouthpiece, the servant of God,

men, untrained in the ways of the world, said that, not God. Men have said with the authority to receive revelation

go forth with this message of salvation that the Lord finished his work. They for the guidance not only of the Latterand confound the great and the mighty, have said there could be no more comday Saints, but also for the people of

because they have the truth. They are ing of angels, no more scripture, and all the world if they will only hearken

proclaiming this gospel; the honest and that we would have to depend on the to it. The Lord bless you, I pray, in

sincere are hearing it and are repenting dead letter of the law as it is recorded the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

President McKay and Counselors,

President Smith, other members of the Council of the Twelve, brethrenand sisters, and friends: Appointment

It is good to be here, to partake of the wonderful spirit of this occasion.

I am grateful to my Father in heaven for this privilege. I am grateful to my

I lovebrethren. my brethren. I love by the SAVIOR

brothers and appreciate and sisters,you, your support, your cooperation. I love

the Lord for what he has done for me and my family, as referred to by President McKay, the great importance of by Thomas E. McKay

the family life, for my missionary exASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Thomas E. McKay

periences the importance of which was referred to by President Smith.

This is a beautiful world in which body wanted some of somebody else's. often; but when that iceberg was struck,

we live. The Lord has given us this They fought on for the nails, though this man was the first one, so President

world; men, as has been stated, have they knew they would not be allowed McKay relates, to come and suggest

made a mess of certain things, but in to carry as much as one brass nail that we call the missionaries together spite of that it remains a beautiful away with them. But no, it was who and pray. Afterwards he stated, "All

world. I am sure we appreciate the had the most nails at the moment. I could see was my wife and seven

music we have heard this morning, the John Ruskin said he awoke from his children before me."And all during

beautiful music furnished by the comdream because of the noise of the chilhis visit to Europe, and his time on the, bined Scandinavian choirs, and of the dren, and then he thought that it could boat, he had forgotten his religion, forweekly broadcasts of the Tabernacle not have been children that were fightgotten his wife and his children at

Choir, organ, and "The Spoken Word."ing for such foolish things. "Only men home, but now, in the case of an

I recommend listening to them firsthand do."And so it is with the world. Many emergency, he was the first one to think

or transcribed. have forgotten God. of the Lord.

I am reminded now of Richard L. As one writer stated, we look upon Too many of us are like that. We

Evans'"Spoken Word,"of two weeks our religion, upon our Church, as a forget the Church, the gospel, and its ago, on the dream of John Ruskin, spare tire to be used only in time of many values. Within the Church are

which Brother Evans referred to—of the emergency. An example comes to my enviable opportunities for spiritual and

children in the garden and in the home. mind of this emergency in an instance, cultural development. Our expanding

Books, music, and entertainment were told by President McKay (I hope he universities and our chapels furnish opsupplied, with freedom for the children will pardon me for referring to it), portunities, whereby we can participate to enjoy themselves. They had everywhen he was returning from his first and develop. Within these walls is prothing that a child's heart could desire, mission. It was in the summer, August duced the highest type of music.

and still they were not satisfied. Some 1899, I think. The boat had gone off We live in a land of unequaled beauty.

of the leaders began pulling the nails, its path in its desire to shorten the The more we observe this, the more the brass, shinyheaded nails, out of the distance, and ran into an iceberg. The we will realize and appreciate these

chairs and other furniture, and others boat stopped; the cargo was shifted a blessings. One of our great Utah

joined them, and in a short time they little and the boat listed and quivered. artists, who has moved from Utah and

were all engaged in that useless, deEverything was in darkness. There was now lives in New York, I believe, states

structive pastime, to see how many nails, a man on that boat who had been tourthat this Wasatch Range east of here shiny nails, they could collect. Some ing Europe, a member of the Church, is the most beautiful range of mounof the leaders were jealous of some of and he was there, not associating very tains in the world, and I believe he is

the others, and the stronger ones helped often with the missionaries and the right. When you go up north to the

themselves to the nails, and before they members, for which some of the misbeautiful peaks north of Brigham City knew it, they were fighting for nails, sionaries were grateful because his face and especially Willard, and down to shiny nails. No one was satisfied; everywas flushed from visiting the bar too (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 405 the same procedure will be pursued,

Thomas E. McKay Continued and I have here the number of stakes,

and the number of people engaged in each stake with definite appointments,

Ben Lomond and to Mount Ogden, on stakes in southern Utah, so the story also, 206 stakes and approximately three down to Timpanogos, and the Twin is told. He was presenting the names hundred people given definite appointPeaks, Mount Nebo in the distance, of the General Authorities and prements in each stake, fifteen hundred

that can be seen for miles, it is uplifting. sented the Presidency of the Church. ninetyfive wards, approximately two

Why should we leave such beautiful They voted upon them separately—then hundred fortyseven people given defithings, to gather nails, brassheaded the Council of the Twelve, the First nite appointments to work in each ward;nails? Council of the Seventy—there were two hundred four branches, and pracIt is a great Church, and I am gratefewer hands coming up each time, and tically one hundred seventyfive people

ful for my membership in it. then he slipped this in: "It has been given definite appointments for the peoAt one of the sessions, I think it is proposed that we move Mount Nebo ple to work in each branch.

generally on the anniversary of the in the southern part of the valley to There is no excuse for anybody in

Church, which will be Monday, the the northern. All in favor, manifest this Church not having work. Yes, it

Authorities of the Church will be preit."And they voted it. "Any opposed is not a oneman Church. It is not

sented for our sustaining vote. I would by the same sign."And nobody voted the Church of Joseph Smith, nor of

recommend to the tourists who are in against it. So he presented the names Brigham Young, nor of any of the men,

our midst that they attend that sesof the Presiding Bishopric and then the leaders who have succeeded them.

sion. It is a revelation. It is a wonderasked the president of the stake to conThey have all been called of God by

ful feature of our conferences, of all tinue with the presentation of the stake the proper authority, but it is the our conferences. authorities. Church, brothers and sisters, of Jesus

I am tempted to refer to the presentaThe sustaining of the officers is a reveChrist. He is our head, do not forget

tion at one of our southern conferences. lation—it will be to the visitors—to see that. I testify to you, my friends, my

Some of the brethren and sisters take how many men and women have definite brethren and sisters, that I know that this feature of the conference and think appointments in this Church. Work Jesus lives, that he is the Christ, that

it is not very important. Brother J. is the greatest blessing that can come he is our head, the head of this Church,

Golden Kimball, my dear friend, was to us, and this is not a oneman Church, and I bear you that testimony in his attending a conference in one of the brothers and sisters. In the stakes, also, name. Amen.

Second Session, Saturday Afternoon, April 4, 1953

have told of his visit to that spirit realm, when he said:

this For cause the gospel was preached to The Rod also that them are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.

{Ibid., 4:6.) of

I answered her, "You misunderstand our teachings. We don't believe in the

gospel of the second chance. do not We Revelation believe in the gospel of the first chance,

but we believe in a chance or full opby Harold B. Lee portunity for everyone to hear and to

the gospel."Harold B. Lee OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE accept

I Then recalled to her what the

Master had said, am overwhelmed, and my soul is ence to the statement of the Savior when And this gospel of the kingdom shall be subdued by the marvelous spirit of he said: preached in all the world for a witness

all nations; unto conference. I think great and then shall the end no I this

(Matt. 24:14.) come. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the hour of that the message needed more one

is, the coming, shall and now dead when just choir is the beautiful sung by number I revelation to her quoted given from of the the hear voice they Son and of God: troubled, heart be I—"Let your not than live. that to shall hear the Prophet Smith Joseph in which

it I let thereseek afraid."neither be life as the so Father in himself: For hath said: the Lord

fore earnestly for an interest in your hath he given to the Son to have life in faith and prayers for these next few himself. (John 5:2526.) Behold, I sent you out to testify and to

minutes. warn the people, and it becometh every

to hath his been man who warned warn referring to the missionaries'She was in with years ago company Several left Therefore, are they without of of as neighbor. the Peter words his interpretation S. and Young Dilworth President excuse, in the of day judgment, the and

to in the Saints wrote he his day, them MisEngland the wife, their sins be heads. New we toured upon (D. C. own &

sion. At Glace Bay on Cape Breton 88:8182.)

for suffered also hath once Christ For lovely to introduced a were Island we

I that for unjust, he the just sins, might the to read her the from the words of gosthe studying sister been had who in to the death being to put us bring God, of Prophet the of Book where Mormon missionaries been and had our pel with Spirit: the flesh, quickened by but declared: he as to attracted but them, very we preached unto also much went and he which By

talked with her about her understandthe spirits in prison; For after this day of life, which is given

ing of what they had taught, she said: Which sometime were disobedient, when us to prepare for eternity, behold, if we

"I cannot accept this part of your once the longsuffering of God waited in do not improve our time while in this life, ark the while of was days Noah, of night the a then cometh darkness wherein teachings about the gospel of the secthe is, souls eight that few, wherein preparing, there labor performed. no can be (Alma ond chance."(I 3:1820.) Peter water. saved by were 34:33.)

As we talked on, I discovered that what she was alluding to were the They had taught her what Peter ex- I told her of the vision of the Prophet teachings of the missionaries with referplained from what the Master must Joseph that he had in the Kirtland 406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Temple in January 1836, when he saw the world were laid, contemplated a conversation. It developed that this

in vision Adam and Abraham, and saw testing in the spirit world. It contemcouple had had but one child, a little

his own father and mother. He saw his plated the plan of salvation given in boy, who, when about seven years of

brother Alvin, who had departed this various dispensations of the gospel here age, was stricken with an incurable dislife before he was baptized, saw them upon the earth. ease. When he came to the age of acin the celestial kingdom, and he marAs President Joseph Fielding Smith countability, of eight, he was still sick,

veled, and then the Lord spoke to him told us this morning, it was not God and at nine or shortly thereafter he and said: who sealed the heavens following a passed away, still unable to be taken

dispensation of the gospel. It was man. into the waters of baptism.

All who have died without a knowledge Hence, we are to believe that there Now, they accepted the revelation of itof this gospel, received have would who the the through Prophet Joseph Lord dispensation one have been but would if shall to tarry, permitted they been had of at eight years age, age of the that reaching beginning with and Adam celestial of heirs the kingdom of God;be to are accountability, children be bapfor to except now, it been had down die henceforth without those aand who

tized, for except not they should which of the wickedness men. it it of received haveknowledge would who

with all their hearts shall be heirs of the That plan contemplated the preaching enter into the kingdom of heaven.

celestial kingdom, for I, the Lord, will judge of the gospel to those who were in the "Now,"she asked, "what do you men according to their works, according spirit world, who had departed this life think we ought to do for our child?"

to the desires of their hearts. (Teachings of without having had ample opportunity I replied: "Oh, that is easy. Have

the Prophet Joseph Smith, 107.) of hearing the gospel. It contemplated him baptized for in the temple. That

is for."are temples what in carried vicarious to the be on work

I over back thought times have Many said, temple."she But have no of behalf those died without had "We who I I believe conversation, andthat now into a there mind came in that Then holy temples here knowledge my the to understand what beginningam said, scripture in the Lord which in order as that they might be judged Peter, to said heMaster meant when

the they though heard gospel here had his testimony declaredafter Peter had... secret great the grand and and Now flesh. in the Savior. of the divinityof The the subject of the the whole bonum summum preof hell gates have would The this a that is us, told consists obtaining lying in before was that himMaster had

if in victorious vailed been Satan had of the the Priesthood. For powers him Holy added, thenrevelation God, and from

if his plan, in heaven, and the war is to these there are keys given whom

And I say unto thee, that thou art Peter, which would have nullified free agency, no difficulty in obtaining a knowledge of and upon this rock I will build my church; had been the order. The gates of hell facts in relation to the salvation of the

and the gates of hell shall not prevail would have prevailed had there ever children of men, both as well for the dead against it. (Matt. 16:18.) been a time when the power to adas for the living. (D. & G. 128:11.)

of the the minister saving ordinances

I as plight, her little about thought Truly or limited those are with There in gospel each not have been would of hell gates against prevailed the had statethat believeunderstanding who gospel of dispensation the the upon her because keys the the church that there and refute our to teachingment earth.

to reveal knowledge say, from heaven "If apostasy.has been an They prepower hell of have gates would The to not in be that church. found was apostasy, gates the thenthere an was if taught not the gospel vailed been had

said to the has other In words, Lord against the prevail Church, didof hell to spirits those prison in and to the

Peter to said to he Smith of Savior the what to Joseph thecontrary words opportunity ample not had had who to said prophet every has he and what Peter."its fulin here gospel receive the to

gives to dispensation. each in every He of true the thought if I have As meanthere It prevailed ness. have would

of to heaven, the keys and the kingdom I of to said that statement,ing have for the dead, vicarious a work not was in order receive to revelation the power is great themyself, "Oh, wisdom it how proto instituted not been had and hell of gates shall prevail that the not as foolishof the contrasted with God spirit in for those the world vide who his plan. against ofness men."gospel. to accept the desired

said to Peter he tantamount was What prehell of have gates would purpose the of our Father The was What if I this to saying can Joseph, make it for vicarious other not vailed were usconcerning his work? deand He well have meaning might toclear—he exaltation to it pertaining the which toclared work Moses:

said, regospel the accept might those who

This is my work and my glory—to bring ceive, both ordinances for the living And I say unto thee, thou art Joseph,

to pass the immortality and the eternal and for the dead. and upon this rock I will build my church;

life of man. (Moses 1:39.) Now, as I think of that plan, so perand the gates of hell shall not prevail

It was John who said that Jesus was fectthis planin itscouldconception,not haveit existedis clearexceptthat against it.

"slain foundation as the to a said from well lamb he might Joseph, What it revelations of the the 'been by had or, in other of said (Rev. the 13:8) world"Peter: to been have Living God.

for atonepreparedwords, Jesus an was to the begin understand So what we I give thee unto to keys the the kingdom sacrifice his as to bement; was made to Peter, said Lord he meant when of for to are heaven, these keys he whom all for of those a ransom would who

shall difficulty given have in obtaining no his obey keep and him commandments.... I this will church; build rock upon my of a salvation of the the knowledge both

The Prophet Joseph Smith in speakand the gates of hell shall not prevail against living and the dead.

ing about this matter said this: it. (Matt. 16:18.)

The importance of revelation on the contemplated of great revelation the of Jehovah The speaking was He again this to found was Church which the events of with connected thewhole servants and authorized his to the Lord this the was day Church impressed on salvation, of the to earth, pertaining plan could hell of all forces combined the to said, the organized, the Lord when it or "the ever existence, into rolled before it. prevent not to those only not few Church, who for joy; stars together"of sang morning

I as a served while years ago Several all future, of present, also to past, the the were the but members, were then and and are with Him, one eternal "now".... missionary, I came to the door of one us who have since been members,

He knows the situation of both the living who belong to an apostate faction which and the dead, and has made ample profell away after the death of the ProphWherefore, meaning the church, thou vision for their redemption, according to et Joseph Smith. For a considerable shalt give head unto all his words [meantheir several circumstances, and the laws time we had a rather spirited discussion, ing the words of the President of the

in this of whether of the God, of the kingdom Lord] the Prophet and Church, she in unfriendly, which not although (Smith, to come. world in the or shall giveworld unto which he commandments that Latcase, the we, argued her and the Prophet Fielding, Teachings all of receiveth in Joseph walking them, as he you faction, their not Saints, terday and p. 220.) Smith, beforeJoseph holiness me;

were the apostates from the truth. For his word ye shall receive, as if from

That plan, which had been laid in As we talked on into the afternoon, mine own mouth, in all patience and faith.

the heavens before the foundations of there came an interesting turn to our (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 407 be done vicariously that they might be

Harold B. lee Continued judged and blessed even as though they

had accepted it in the flesh.

devil's that the be Thanks to God

For these doing things gates by the of I this as grateful stand here I am his prevailed never against has powerhell shall prevail yea, not against you; and is this realize his afternoon that of his to continued plan revelationthe will disperse Lord the powers God of at this the have of Church. head Weto servants, so will prevail never long anddarkness before the from you, cause and earthly presides head an Church who as for shall the earth stand, gospel the to forheavens his shake good, your and

name's glory. (D. & C. 21:4-6.) as the President thereof, the mouthpiece plan was laid in heaven and will conof God. In this day to those who will tinue throughout the eternities for the

In other words, the Lord has said believe and will listen to counsel, the purpose of bringing about immortality it was not only important that there gates of hell shall never prevail. Those and eternal life.

be revelation to his Church through who die without a knowledge will have I bear you that humble testimony in his mouthpiece, the one who held the the right to hear that truth in the spirit the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

keys, but his Church must also be world, and if they accept it, work may Amen.

founded on personal revelation, that every member of the Church who has been baptized and has received the

Holy Ghost must be admonished so to live that each might receive a personal testimony and a witness of the divine calling of him who was called to lead as President the of the so that Church willhe accept those that Live for the words and counsel as if from the mouth of the

Lord himself. Otherwise, the gates of

hell would prevail against that individual. Blessings It was exactly that meaning that the

Apostle Paul intended to convey when he wrote to the Ephesians, by Eldred G. Smith And he gave some, apostles; and some,

prophets; and some evangelists; and some, PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

pastors and teachers. (Eph. 4:11.) Eldred G. Smith

In other words, he organized the

Church and set up the proper officers, "that we henceforth be no more chillike the other brethren, am in need It is through meeting and working todren, tossed to and fro and carried about of your faith and prayers, and I apgether that we grow in faith and in by every wind of doctrine, by the slight I, preciate your faith and prayers in knowledge. When we withdraw from

of men and cunning craftiness, whereby my behalf, especially while I stand beChurch activity, we become as the lone they lie in wait to deceive."Upon this fore you. coal on the hearth, cold and lifeless.

rock, the rock of revelation, to indiAs I look at this vast audience and We are fulfilling a commandment of viduals who have the power of the think of the hundreds of thousands the Lord by attending meetings, but to

Holy Ghost, and revelation from God to listening over television and radio, the grow in the Church, that alone is not his Church, the Lord in wisdom has responsibility is frightening in the exenough. If we stop there, we would

designed that therefore the gates of hell treme. There is only one consolation not differ much from those of other

shall not prevail against it. for me: even though you do not rechurches. James tells us:

In the midst of travail and suffering member all that is said here today, the Lord sent this word of comfort there is more to be gained than from Be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving selves. your to own the Prophet Joseph: the or words hear you than your memory

if For of any be a hearer the word, and is hold. can true This are when you

is not doer, a like he unto a beholdshall give man God unto you knowledge by attending meeting. any leave the You ing his face natural in glass: a Spirit,his yea, Holy the by unspeakable meeting encouraged, faith reyour For he beholdeth himself,gift goeth and of the Ghost, that Holy has not been newed, your testimony quickened, his the way, straightway and forgettethrevealed since the what until world was now;

... According to that which was ordained spiritual uplift is beyond measure. manner of man he was.

in the midst of the Council of the Eternal I am reminded of the story which But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth all of therein, other he being this beforeGod gods world told, is so often and which you all a forgetful hearer,was, that but of should a doer reserved the the be unto of visited the finknow, bishop who a notwork, this shallishing the be blessed thereof, in his man deed. and end every when in inactive become had member who 1:2225.) (James shall into enter his eternal presenceman

and into his immortal rest. (D. & C. the ward. They sat in front of an open

121:26, 32.) fire in the fireplace in silence, and, Now the perfect law of liberty represumably, the bishop thinking about ferred to here is the law of free agency.

Thus the rock of revealed knowledge how he could approach the subject, So if we were to say, has built his Church, and the gates of reached forth with the tongs and lifted hell have never prevailed against it. a hot live coal from the fire and set it But whoso useth his power of free agency

With that overpowering thought that on the hearth in front of the fire. They and chooses the right way, he being not

the plan of the Almighty has been so sat in silence and watched the hot, live a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, laid that never has Satan been able coal gradually turn cold and black and this man shall be blessed in his deed.

it, at lifeless. rejoice the picked bishopto shake the Then up how we should

So exercising our free agency and coal of with tongs set the againthe the Lord and to Joseph word when it overcoming heirs to the become evil we fire into back said: the other with the livinghe

coals and watched it again regain its blessings of the Lord, not just passive of the word, but active. doers. stay the power heavens? can What life its fire its its hearers and heat and and

of the word. stretch forth his well. mightAs puny man Still warmth. said. nothing Fiwas

to itsa>rm river stop the Missouri in dealso says, James I nally the said, "Bishop, see man what it course, to orcreed as to stream, turn up tell to here you came me."the pouringhinder Almighty from as the down For body without the spirit

knowledge from heaven upon the heads Through meeting together the fire of dead, so faith without works is dead also.is

of the Latterday Saints. {Ibid., 121:33.) our testimony is kept alive and glowing. (Ibid., 2:26.)

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Many have expressed the thought that if they receive a written patriarchal blessing it will be fulfilled to the letter without any effort on their part.

of the young reminds me Which going HE IS RISEN; that she declared was whowoman

to be married in the temple when she certain marriedgot and that was very attiAnil He Will Come Again her understood all her friendsand tude, yet when she was married, she not only married out of the temple, but she married a nonmember of the

Church. When one of her friends said by President Levi Edgar Young

to her afterwards, "Why, Mary, I OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Levi Edgar Young thought you, of all people, were going to marry in the temple,"she answered, "Well, my patriarchal blessing promised me that I would be married in the MAN'S ENDOWMENT needs be,"he said, "that the Son of to suffer death should be put and I man will so I guess someday."temple,

of the earth, Lord created The man "Beagain."24:7.) (See and rise Luke diligently serve the Lord must strength with them by themHe endued We

is I live, live"also the cause ye shall selves, all intelligently, keeping his comand mandments, if we expect to receive his And made them according to his image, divine message that has brought heavblessings. And put the fear of man upon all flesh, enly solace to millions of souls who

When the question arises if the And fowls.gave him dominion over beasts and haveis butcomethe beginningto the knowledgeof the greaterthat deathand

effortsblessings in rightfrom our come life. truer tongue, Counsel, eyes, and and

fulfilling in lawtheeousness upon Ears, a heart, gave and he them to underancient prophet, Isaiah, in speakAn is predicated, blessing thewhich why stand.

resurrection Savior in of the ing of the blessings? patriarchal will gethave We Withal

says: poetic he filled them with the knowledge language, and lofty, for liveour blessings anyway, if we of understanding.

is true, very that becausethem. And evil. shewed them good and And beautiful are the mountains upon How if blessings for live our must"we we his hearts, their eye upon He set feet bringeth the good tidings, of him that

great thereget them, but comes comthe he greatness of might That shew them bringeth that that peace; publisheth good

fort and consolation from having our his works, tidings of good, that publisheth salvation:

blessings both promised and sealed upon He gave them to glory in his marvellous that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!

us by authorized servants of the Lord acts for ever, (Isa. 52:7.)

in obedience to his word and law, for That they might declare his works with the Lord has placed authorized agents understanding. This knowledge is the deepest need

on the earth to bear his power and Beside this he gave them knowledge, of mankind today, for while we honor his authority, not only to pronounce, And law of life for an heritage. his name and his call, we test our lives

but to seal these blessings, that the Lord He made an everlasting covenant with them, by other times and by other peoples, thing ourselves the one allowing never of souls have anchor the an uponmay his shewed judgments. And them

of the of need most we forever, for neither and womenmen all—vision are ever before Their him; ways

last of of words God. The kingdom will destroyer nor thedeath these end his eyes. shall hid not be from And into "Father, cross were: the Jesus from blessings, receiver will possess the but (Ecclesiasticus 17:1,3,4,6-9,11,12,15.)...'''spirit. I thy hands, commend my ever."forever enjoy andand them

trust perfect of and (Luke 23:46), words crein will writ holy words patriarchal gives blessing us courmany A

life, that there his confidence. In all was of Spirit the the us ate Lord within live. live to as age should know we we So that divine he from knowledge God it is for today, hear as It to helps them yielding to keep us from we

return. to he would and came God All the. Evangelists of time. Easter the totemptation, do the things we have

is of incidents the outward why resurrection. of beautifully the write do. to taughtbeen We This

life his the splendor vested with were of the read again. Mark: words Quoting James of eternity. When he died upon the

Therefore to him that knoweth to do And when the sabbath was past, Mary cross, he assured us of the greater life of the the grave. mother and beyond Magdalene, James Mary it it is sin.good, to not, doeth and him

spices, that sweet Salome, bought had and (Ibid., Spirit 4:17.) of has in Lord the been The

anoint him. they might and come of ashearts are the people the who

first the in early the morning, very And After received patriarchal has a he lesin this house. sembled holy The the unto of week, they the came day after blessing, has the he been taught life of of the sons meaning which we sun. rising the of the at sepulchre

of tithing, of the law Wisdom,Word will take will long with remain home themselves, said they among And Who to attend taught been sacrament and us. to the be open minds Our may door the shall the roll stone from us away priesthood meetings, taught and been of gospel. truths listen the cannot We sepulchre? of the

celestial of sealings, lawthe and then the brethren speak being without who that to they looked, saw they when And does to contrary teachings, those he impressed of sense with power a new it rolled stone was very away: for to the was

it is sin. After has he been taughthim source of a comfort, and because great. new

honesty, and there is no truth in him, And entering into the sepulchre, they saw we have come to know God through for him it is sin. If he has been taught a young man sitting on the right side, the life of the Master: the Savior of

clothed charity, in his has and no charity he in a long white garment; and they the world. divine could be more What

affrighted. were it is sin. heart, to has him He who to turn to than our thoughts Christ Jesus

affrighted: not them, said Be unto he And his to devote covenanted time and at Savior our Easter time? learned The

of which was Nazareth, seek Jesus Ye talents to of service the the Lord and British author, Ernie, written: Lord has is behere: is not risen; he crucified: he

it, it is sin. to not does do him who He laid (Mark him. they where place the hold

belief it in rests immortality gospel The to the teaches not has on the and 16:1-6.)

belief the in of the government universe as preas others well by example by cept, to him it is sin. Every year at Easter time, our hearts byHappyone supreme,are those moral,whose andfaithspiritualon this being.point

Let us live worthy of the blessings are gladdened by the commemoration has survived the shock of recent years, and of the Lord, by living the gospel every of the resurrection of Jesus Christ, the not the least part of their happiness lies day. Let us show our faith by our Savior of the world. Jesus died that in the sure and certain hope of a future

works, I pray in the name of Jesus we might by our faith be accounted life.

Christ. Amen. worthy to attain eternal life. "It must (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 409 Redeemer of the world, will come again.

Levi Edgar Young Continued With understanding hearts, we recall the words of Isocrates, an Athenian philosopher of the fifth century, B.C.:

From the days of father Adam down Every group of people in all history through all centuries, God has made has looked to God and has known of The age in which we live should be manifest his truths to his children. The the "life beyond."A shrine, a temple, distinguished by some glorious enterprise

divine light has ever shown forth to or a church is a part of the great picture... Let the leaders contrive to put an end

inspire the sacred teachings which will book of humanity and testifies alike to to our present troubles. The treaties of

for insufficient their purpose; are peace life. of beauty goodness and human the to his back thebring children of God

retard prevent cannot they may children the ago, gave Centuries God Odyssey throne. In Homer's weholy of in stand misfortunes. our need butWe they Moses, Israel Prophet the of through beliefs of the Greeks religious thehave will plan, endurable which some more

of, ancient Athens. "Men and gods are the Ten Commandments, in which are forever put to an end our hostilities, and

divine,"says Homer. "In this life the written sublime truths: unite us by the lasting ties of mutual

spirit and body are one, and to escape fidelity and affection.

I have which thy God, the Lord am puriinfluenceworldly become we must of of Egypt, the land out thee brought certain kinds ourselvesfied by denying out The writer of the Acts of the... of bondage. of house the

of foods and dress and avoid contact Remember the sabbath day to keep it Apostles gives an account of the last with impurities. One must become as holy. meeting of the risen Messiah with his

near to God as possible, and that means Honour thy father and thy mother: that disciples in Palestine, and his last words

to become righteous and holy with the thy days may be long upon the land which to them:

help of wisdom."Concerning the the Lord thy God giveth thee. (Exodus

12.) 8, 20:2, is life of their philosophyHindus, found

things, he these spoken had And when in their Bible, the Rigveda, which beheld, while they taken he and up; was the became Commandments Ten Thesays: are "All children been have and sight. of a cloud their received out him Land, and of the Holy constitutionof earth. souls in All time heaven and stedfastly they while looked toward And pothe civic and influenced have they ethical gods. highest Theircan be as up, behold, he heaven went two men since that civilization all life of litical

is, isfigure unified a in Varuna, with stood apparel; white who them by

time.glorified body."said, also of Galilee, Ye Which why men sent since ages, the God All through

gazing into this ye heaven? up same of conception earth, the a this comes the Then to servant his Adam is diJesusstand taken into from which up youancient Hebrews. only shows not directed Job ever mankind has power vine so like shall heaven, in come manner

his belief in immortality, but also in and given him a knowledge that God ye have seen him go into heaven. (Actsas

the resurrection of the body when he lives. The holy Bible is the product of 1:9-11.)

gives utterance to the noble words: men inspired of God, covering a period

of four thousand years. The holy book Mosiah writes gloriously in the Book

For I know that my redeemer liveth, and shows that the Hebrew prophets gave of Mormon:

that he shall stand at the latter day upon their lives to the service of God. They

the earth: wrote by the power of the Holy Ghost. But there is a resurrection, therefore the

And though after my skin worms destroy God directed them. grave hath no victory, and the sting of

this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. The life of Christ our Savior, as given death is swallowed up in Christ.

19:2526.) is life light (Job the of the the world; and He is to old and Testament, in the New

is yea, light that endless, a that never can conand the alike moving most young life be also yea, darkened; a and which beautifully Daniel has written: from some that he came truth vincing How is endless, that there be death. can no more

higher sphere into our earthly history Even this mortal shall put on immorAnd many of them that sleep in the dust with the mission to reveal God and tality, and this corruption shall put on of the earth shall awake, some to eversave man. He preached the gospel of incorruption, and shall be brought to stand

lasting life, and some to shame and everthe kingdom; and forever even until before the bar of God, to be judged of

lasting contempt. all the aeons have been closed, and him according to their works whether they

be good or whether they be evil. (Mosiah in shine wise shall they that be And itself, the heavens with that now earth

16:8-10.) they of the firmament; brightnessthe and shall every one passed are, away, have

as to righteousness turn that many find children faithful true the of his and 12:2-3.) ever. for stars (Daniel ever and Father Christ the Jesus and came God forgiveness and and hope and peace

this to restored to the gospel earth and or called shall his be Emmanuel name Smith, of the Joseph and Jesus Church deep beautiful with what and How us. with God organized. Christ the was Through in the Indians thehumility American that in the in keep mind always We life filled years Prophet's the with was in of faith the past have words spoken history, of world's literature the great

Great Spirit. In Francis Parkman's writers have extolled the powers of the sorrow and bitter struggle to have men

understand. few with came him A of Chief celebrated Indianbiography the of intelligences mankind. and mind

of great of character and men women concern- a statement Pontiac, have we history of berecording the since Ever souls, faith great increase "That might faith, utthe Indian'sing was which has of been divine power gan, the man in earth, the that everlasting and mine to the surrenderedtered Enghe when force single other manifest. "No made

proestablished covenant might be and of lish 1765. the behalf in in spoke He so powerfully, so so widely, entered has

of claimed unto the world."the end at the several nations counassembled of the renewal the into continuously

is of religion world the about weary The cil of the warriors the English and into the of spirit shaping man, mortal is it Christ. religion of the wants What said:Indians, and into ideals, the and of ultimate men's

Christ. follow Christ Jesus Jesus To character, as the of personal formation

to in part the of a have means building all this of Father, out the have smoked contact of between we sense human his earth. on merge kingdom Here we is It of pipe; children's peace. pipe your of old the divine."Hethe One and

into great a of the experience. sunshine all is over, as the the Great and warand brew David—summed singers—possibly of Spirit Light has Giver and made who these in of words: lesson the Judah up therein, everything has earththe and clear, forceful that are In and words shall trust in be the Lord that "They all together for this us our brought day as Article of our tenth Faith have we recannot Zion, be as which mount I all that nations to declare good,mutual the written Smith: Prophet Joseph by (Ps. for ever."abideth but moved, before I settled peace with you have my

I came here. And now deliver my pipe to 125:1.)

literal of in the gathering believe that We he know Sir Johnson, William may to look time the as forward we Today of restoration in the the Ten and I the taken peace have and that have made if clear vision will be ahead, our this built will we Tribes;Israel that be Zion upon father, in for of EnglandKing my testi- a to have prayed worked the have and will Christ that continent; [the American] all assembled. of the nations presence now his of of the word among God mony that earth; and, the personally reign upon lighting for are thankful to you Father, we our council fire for us, and desiring us to children. We know of the truth that the earth will be renewed and receive its

return to it. God lives and that Jesus Christ, the paradisiacal glory.

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When Jesus Christ gave his holy And so we await his kingdom. We in these principles which have been exprayer in speaking to the people on the live day by day in preparation of his pounded here today unless he repents

mount, he uttered words which to this coming, for Christ will come again. and turns to Christ, and takes upon

day are given by the millions of peoIt was John Fiske, the historian at him the name of Christ, recognizing ple who hold him as the Savior of the Harvard fifty years ago, who wrote: him for what he is, the Son of God,

world. He said: the Savior, and the Redeemer of the

The future is lighted for us with the world, who was crucified, and who in

After therefore ye: this manner pray radiant of colors Strife Our hope. sorrow and three the grave, days from came forth

Father art in which heaven, Hallowed shall be disappear. love Peace shall reign and it for all repossible to receive making thy name. supreme. poets, of lesson the dream The therefrom. demption kingdom come. Thy be of priest Thy will done prophet, inspiration of the and

in earth, as it is in heaven. the great musician, is confirmed in the King Benjamin, recognized the deGive us this day our daily bread. light of modern knowledge and as we gird structiveness of pride and the necessity

forgive us debts, our And for ourselves the of life, as we forgive up work we humility. may of taught this to his peoHe

debtors. our look to the in truest forward the time when ple saying to them:

lead us into not And temptation, sense, but the of shall this kingdoms world deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingbecome the kingdom of Christ, and he shall

dom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. reign forever and ever, the King of kings For the natural man is an enemy to God,

Amen. (Matt. 6:9-13.) and the Lord of lords. and has been from the fall of Adam, and

will be, forever and ever, unless he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit, and putteth off the natural man and becometh a saint through the atonement of Christ the Lord, and becometh as a child, submissive, meek, humble, patient, full of Let Us Walk Hnmbly love, willing to submit to all things which the Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit to his father.

(Mosiah 3:19.)

Before The Lord ple,Andsaying:he continues to remind his peoFor behold, are we not all beggars? Do

by EIRay L. Christiansen weevennotGod,all fordependall theuponsubstancethe samewhichBeing,we

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE gold,have, forand bothsilver,foodandandforraiment,all theandrichesfor which we have of every kind? {Ibid., 4:19.)

My brothers and sisters, we are all dependent upon the Lord. The riches

EIRay L. Christiansen of the earth are his and are provided

us through his mercy only. Pride and

to beself-sufficiency lead us would aside turn Saints For even is, may it brothers and beautiful my destroyers of lieve are otherwise. ill They fear of that betide For may to the satisfying sisters, andHow how

is other the else best that the in pride but men, on induced worldly by Or after thirsts and hungers that soul celestial lose glory. willingsubmissiveness, And humility, hand, to listen sit here and to righteousness

of the to ness teachings the abide by as leaders inspired these of voices the of the nahistory If the examine is we in best that bring out the Lord men truths the expound us and teach they great that tions been past have of the teachable because can and they become unand unadulterated, gospel, the of fallen, that we have powerful but and to into agents usable him. be molded

I been have everlasting! changed, and I sure, in find will them, nothing am himself constantly remind must One of the proceedings the thrilled with that any believe to us lead that would or will find pride against guard and he conference, this and far in so meetings peoor civilization, any or nation, any of part to taking himself the himself brethren these I to grateful who am its in security find merely ple is his. own can said that glory the has Lord

steadfast, so unassumfirm so are and its selfsufficiency. and power own us reminded once President Grant defense in the vigorous so ing, yet and that us history facts of remind The spirits striving with are there that two truth. of the to continue nations peoples and where to telling do all what them men—one I bear will with that me, hope you of justice principles of ignore and the telling is right, other the them that and

sisters, for minutes. a few brothers and their right to peoples in and regard please will themthat to which do virtue, like a talk I to about should of other nations, peoples where and the pride their gratify selves, that will own

all I of those think becomes whowhich of aside teachings the God, put they as Benjamin King So, ambitions. and

of the children to the be God, claim difficulties, hardships, experience they enticings yield "to the said, unless we I followers. his of Saints the Lord, of the calamities, in and, time the due off the putteth Spirit, of and the Holy listening after yesthis to concluded do of history that Lord, has proved many... a as becometh natural and man presidents as they to the terday mission destroyed. have been them gentle, submissive, child,"and and meek

successes, labors, their their reported likely love of to our love, full are of spend personal ambipower and we A missionaries. of the the success They and pride in of leaders tion gratifying hearts the individual our in and time own

I it so that that concluded did humbly their associates, thus selfambitions, pride our and and following and own virgreat of the humility one be must spiritual attributes sufficiency fail that to the ambition go develop with and success that to helps bringtues about led power, will from forget cause to that be power. away the them and We of in the Lord. doing the work

is ours. real of destiny Christ; be divine earth the the which Jesus God may

I I sat in that to meeting, turned As is is abject, grovelthat the "earth not humility Lord's the the an and Now, that the there songbook found was and It spirit. to it fulness thereof,"selfdespising ing, seems does that not and

of song, writ- a the words which were is it right proper to rather people, that a belong or or nation, and any any me

I Eliza ten Snow. never R. by had is sight in of of the estimate any nations. combination one what

it. I like noticed before to should read of estimate that have God. brothers pride, that we same Now, When my stanzas.two children, as ourselves, of sisters, selfsufficiency become the we same and and

The trials of the present day that nations and their leaders someand we realize that he controls the

Require the Saints to watch and pray times feel give them security, may cause universe. We learn then, to appreciate

That they may keep the narrow way an individual to forget that the Lord even the very air that we breathe, and

To celestial glory. is God, and may cause him to lose faith {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 411 And if ye seek the riches which it is the ye give unto you, to of Father the for all people, of ye richestEIRay L Christiansen Continuec willshall the be shall have the riches of eternity; and it must

are of earth the riches the that needs be is this verily appointed to see ability to For unto a dayour and go and come lest pride, of give; beware but to mine to labors, your rest from and to you pay reject. to to accept do, to andand and. old. of the as Nephites ye become (Ibid., thy the devotions High. unto Most this to until himself submitBut can he the let warning.. preaching be your And 59:5-10.)

isstatus, to God.""enemy an in his man to mildneighbor, voice, every man

True humility, in my opinion, implies ness and in meekness. (Ibid., 38:39, 41.)

acknowledgment, thanksgiving, prayerAnd yet, only a part of us see fit to fulness, all those virtues which become do some of these according to our statisWhat I have tried to say is that in a Latterday Saint. It is becoming to tics and reports. The person with true order to be usable in the hands of the

an individual no matter what his status humility will not seek to aggrandize Lord, we must banish pride and selfin life, to acknowledge the Lord for himself. He will serve for the sake of sufficiency and be meek and humble.

his goodness and for his mercy, to be service. He will give his gifts in secret We must be submissive and easy to be

humble and prayerful and submissive and let it be found out by accident. He entreated. We must

to his will. True humility is uplifting, will realize that all knowledge comes love the Lord with all our heart, mindennobling. from God—for he knows all. He will and strength and our neighbour as ourAlma, speaking to his son, Shiblon, not be contentious, unruly, or critical. self. (See Matt. 23:3739.)

emphasized this very thing, when he He will not profane the name of Deity. I appreciate the opportunity to receive,

of a As literal child willsaid: he God, I great feel this this training in Church.

it a privilege his will to do keep and lives, I testify that that know to you God lifted pride; that are See not unto ye up his commandments.

is that Christ, the Jesus and and that see in that not boastyea, your ye do own wisdom, nor of your much strength. Finally, the Lord has left us this: In he, through Joseph Smith, restored the

Use boldness, but not overbearance. order to shape ourselves to be fit candigospel to the earth in this day as it is

(Alma 38:1112.) dates for his kingdom by leading lives predicted in the scriptures of old, and

of meekness and humility before him, that only by following the pattern

I think that most fathers could accept he admonishes us to "let every man given by the Savior can we receive the that counsel and give the same to their esteem his brother as himself, and blessings of eternal life.

sons. practise I testify so in this the do virtue and holiness before me."and To

Pride in hearts ingratitude the and (Ibid., 38:2425.) Christ, of Lord. the Jesus name Amen.

of sight in sins are grievous the men of God, and all of us are guilty of them;

I know I am; I suppose you are to a

degree as are people generally. When

we stop to think, as has been expressedhere today, that the Son of God created Be Thou an Example the world and all that in it is, and that by the shedding of his blood he made possible the redemption of men from the grave, we should not become selfsufficient, but we should remember oi the Believers that we are here living simply because of his mercy and of his kindness and of his love. by Antoine R. Ivins Humility, in my opinion, implies a

grateful heart, and the Lord has warned OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY us against ingratitude, for in the Doctrine and Covenants he has said:

And in nothing doth man offend God, or against none is his wrath kindled, save Antoine R. Ivins

those who confess not his hand in all things, and obey not his commandments.

(D. & C. 59:21.) "y brethren and sisters, if I say to celebrate it now, but it was a new

anything that will be helpful to thought in that day, that it could be

How can a man or a woman or a you this afternoon, it will be bepossible. It became a reality, and it waschild learn to become humble and subwcause you join your faith and prayers the thing that was passing from believer

missive, and gentle and meek? He has with mine that the Lord may bless me. to believer, publicly and in private conmade that plain also here in the fiftyThe other night Sister Ivins and I versation. The resurrection of Jesus

ninth section of the Doctrine and Coveattended a meeting in the Assembly Hall Christ verified the statement that he was nants, and I would like to read a verse in which the theme of the Mutual and is the Son of God, and that must or two. Improvement Associations was treated: have been the theme of every devout

it of just Christian that as day, must

I give Wherefore, unto a them commandof believers, the thou example be an... today. course, be they Of wouldment, saying shalt thus: love the Thou charity, in in conversation, in in word, it, after amplify bearing that testimony all heart,Lord thy thy with with God (I all spirit, faith, purity. 4:12.) in in Timothy

risen, Christ that he had the was Son might,thy strength; in mind, the and and

name of Jesus Christ thou shalt serve I would like to tell you the thoughts of God, that he was born of Mary by him. that that has brought to me. miraculous means; then they would pass

Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. on to his teachings as to how men and

Thou shalt not steal; neither commit Be thou an example of the believers—women should live to gain an exaltation

adultery, nor kill, nor do anything like in the kingdom of God. That, it seems

unto it. I would like to add there the faithful to me, would have been and should have

Thou believer—"in shalt thank the Lord thy God in Christian word."been must have the been and "word"What

all things.

of faithful every Christian? in of the faithful Christian day. that is the word

offer shalt a sacrifice the Thou unto it electrifying Likewise thing should the In those days most be your "word"and

Lord righteousness, thy in that even God in today. experienced that "word"the world had however, years my We, haveof spirit. a broken heart contrite a and

to to that close to something so that doubt they no add them because was we that fully mayest thou And keep morethyself unspotted from the world, thou were still startled by it—the resurrection, must tell the world not only these

shalt go to the house of prayer and offer the actual, glorified resurrection of things but also that not too far back, up thy sacraments upon my holy day; Jesus Christ our Lord. We are going Christ the Lord and his Father ap412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

peared to the boy Prophet Joseph Smith these things we will do, and in this faithful service unto him and our feland brought back to man the testimony time of decreasing missionary help, those lows. Let us let that service be in good

that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. of us who can should make available spirit. Let us be glad to give up the

Then we must teach also that Peter, our services and go forth to bear this things we are asked to give up. Let

James, and John, John the Baptist, the testimony. There is no compromise us be glad to devote ourselves to His

Angel Moroni, and the men who had with the testimony that Jesus Christ service. Let us do it without fear, withheld the keys of the various past diswas born of Mary by miraculous means, out compromise, with great courage, and

pensations, came back to the Prophet that he is the Son of God, that he was with all the energy which we may

Joseph Smith restoring unto him the the first fruits of the resurrection, that possess. If we will do this, my brethren

keys, all of the keys that had ever been through that resurrection he made posand sisters, we will always enjoy the given to man through the various dissible to you and me a return to the Spirit of God, that testimony will alpensations of time. We are under that presence of God our Heavenly Father, ways remain with us, and the devil

obligation, too, and we must do it, not contingent only, that is, an exaltation will never prevail against us. God grant

only publicly, but we must do it in our in his presence is contingent only upon it, I pray, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

conversations. This should be the

theme of every religious conversation of a good member of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. And

it should go out as a living testimony that it is true. Of course when we bear

that testimony to others who have notreceived it, we should do it in all Prayer The Strength charity, but we should do it with spirit, fearlessly, courageously, and never doubting. If we can develop the faith

that will enable us to do that, a faith of that God is the Father of our spirits, that he is the Father of Jesus Christ, that Jesus Christ is the Redeemer ofthe world, and that if we will repent America and purify our lives, he will carry the burden of the sins of the world, (and it is only upon that condition, brethren by Ezra Taft Benson and sisters, that he says he will do it), if we can develop that faith in our OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE hearts, then we should be able to carry on. We must not only develop that

faith, but also the faith of a good Latter-day Saint, the faith of a good ChrisEzra Taft Benson tian must be in himself, in his neighbors, and especially in his leaders, that the Church shall go forward vigorously, "y beloved brethren and sisters: I the missions. I want you to know how

courageously to a wonderful realization pray for strength that I may be deeply I have missed the associations of its purposes. General of the with control to.able and my brethren my emotions Mi

Authorities. the oppor- I have missed the I thank to vent give my feelings. I say, it must be done very largeNow

ly in conversation, and in that each one Lord for the inspiration of this contunity of performing sacred ordinances, of us becomes a missionary for the ference. I could wish that it might of blessing people at stake conferences

Church. He who is warned must warn go on not for two more days but for and at the Church Offices. I have

his neighbor, and if we have that testifive or ten. I have thrilled with the missed very deeply the privilege of permony given to us by the Spirit of God, proceedings of the day and with the forming ordinations and setting apart

it remains for us to pass it on by word sweet, quiet, peaceful influence that is my brethren to positions of trust in the of mouth to those who have not received here. The past three months have, to Church and kingdom of God. I have

it. It does not require a call from Presi- a degree at least, been a study in conmissed the visits of humble members

dent McKay to enable us to bear our trasts. of the Church to my office in the

Building. Office sisters, Church sure, brethren and I am mytestimonies neighbors. to our have We

missed the opportunity to go I have will deeply never how very you know givenbeen warned. himself has God

us the charge to do it. Then it is not I appreciate my associations in the to the temple frequently to perform

only by word of mouth that we bear Church. I appreciate the hundreds and sacred ordinances, to officiate at martestimony, but it is also by purity of thousands of messages that have come riages for young couples, and to have

life. Through the power we hold in from all parts of this nation and foreign the opportunity of visiting with them

after marriage. before intimately and expressing confidence and love able countries priesthood ofthe be must God, we

contact very have missed much of your faith assurance my and I and giving its lives value. our byto demonstrate

the of with the and youth Church with in assignment prayers the which new if is will. to can problem Our weWe Assogreat the Improvement Mutual of to of the humblest one your came it, towill it in and good do do must we

I the ciations have with which had number. if Ispirit. are of us wonder many

direction pleasure, of the the under I will deeply never how You know sosorry that things have many we serving. of First Presidency, in experiences the the missed have told are to do, notthat ought we we

I missed, those more, even have that from week And been have mine Church or they not burdensome becomewhether in the meetings years. with temple eight Thursday past during to the week tell I us. missionaries the frequentlyto

of sacred prayer the brethren, I hour family course missed and have my Of my I that talk to they must themwhen altar of in the the temple God, of quiet love around the peace and and my set that are rules inconsider the up

I I the meetings missed with have to and you and home, know want how field for their protection,the mission of as I the have that the appreciate the Twelve messages members we much it is things these so with whichand

I also quarterly. accinear-tragic have assembled a following have come as to of the ought not do memberswe first fast of the ones. the Thursdays missed Messages loved to on dent two my are protection; for ourChurch. They of all the received over month. the from day been have reflection of of are purity thethey

I for grateful the well. as deeply outside have been from and Church

life.

Stake, I of the people to good Washington I have you know want much how

Brethren and sisters, if we will be missed the weekly visits to stake conunder the faithful leadership of Brother an example of the faithful believer, all ferences, the opportunity of visiting in {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 413 message from the President of the

Ezra laft Benson continued United States. I sat at a table with the

Vice President, a prominent congress-

J. Willard Marriott, for their kindness, which to me are priceless, a philosophy man from up in the northwest, several

their love, and their understanding. which teaches that freedom is a Godsouthern Democratic friends, and as we

I think my testimony of the truth given, eternal principle vouchsafed to visited together and enjoyed the inhas never been so strong as it is today. us under the Constitution. spiration of that occasion, I couldn't

I love this work. I know that God This freedom must be continually help thanking God that in America it

stands at the head of it, that he lives, guarded as something more priceless is still possible for men of differing that he is directing this work on the than life itself. Any program that political faiths to come together and

earth. I know that his priesthood and would tend to weaken this freedom is in unity appeal to the Almighty for his

power and authority are here among inherently dangerous and should be blessings upon this land of America men, and I know, my brethren and guarded against. I will not say more and him who has been called to serve

executive. chief as thesisters, this better phitoday about than ever I have known philosophy—this

literature distributed at of piece that, One ofbefore trial individual losophy of and freedom during even hours and anxiety, it is possible to draw close citizenship responsibility, based upon that meeting came from Conrad L.

to the Lord, to feel of his influence and the principle of helping the individual Hilton, the head of the Hilton chain of It Uncle a picture hotels. was of himself, discouraging people hisof sustaining to help and one is power—that

prayer. I learned in knees upon his to Sam expecting supthe alone, from governmentnever if he will only humble

himself before the Almighty. I am port them, but encouraging them to from Mr. Hilton later that this had

grateful for that testimony, for that support their own government. I am come as a result of an address he had

assurance. grateful for this philosophy, and I am given in Chicago over one of the na-

I know, my brethren and sisters, that grateful to learn that this philosophy tional broadcasting chains in which he the sweetest work in all the world is is accepted generally and rather widely had tried to point out that if we are the work in which we are engaged in in the hearts of our people throughout going to have victory in our battle for helping to save and exalt the souls this land. I hope and pray that it may peace, then it must be obtained through

of the children of men. There isn't be accepted even to a greater extent greater spirituality and dependence

anything so important, so precious, so in the days ahead. I trust that our upon the Almighty. The response to

enjoyable, so soulsatisfying. great purpose shall be to strengthen his message, through letters and tele-

I have been happy in the privilege to the individual integrity, freedom, and grams, seemed to carry one theme from serve, in a small way at least, this great moral fiber of each citizen. people of various walks of life from all

country and the government under Brethren and sisters, I love this great over America. The theme was that

which we live. I am grateful to the nation in which we live. To me it final victory rests not on munitions,

First Presidency and my brethren that is not just another nation. It is my upon money or soldiers but that the

they have been willing, not only to firm belief that the God of heaven final victory rests with the God of give consent, but also to give me their raised up the founding fathers and heaven.

blessing as I responded to the call of inspired them to establish the ConMr. Hilton was so impressed that he

the chief executive. I am grateful for stitution of this land, and I believe that tried to picture this sentiment by showtheir prayers and their faith, and I is Mormon doctrine. This is a part ing Uncle Sam—America—on his

know that my leaving has, in a small of my religious faith as it is of yours. knees in prayer. "... not beaten there

way at least, added to the heavy load This is a great and glorious nation, by hammer and sickle,"as he said, "but they were already carrying. with a Godgiven, divine mission to freely, intelligently, responsibly, conTo me it is a great honor and a perform for libertyloving people everyfidently, powerfully."And then were

privilege to serve the government of where. This mission cannot be peradded these words, "America now

the United States of America. Our formed unless America is kept strong knows it can destroy communism and

for peace. the battle need win virile, We unless adheres this people and areproblems numerous, complex, and

... except God."fear nothing one or no eternal principles in to those embodieddifficult. responsibility is heavy, The

but I have felt the power of the faith the gospel and in the Constitution of Then there was penned a simple and prayers of the Saints and Christian our land. prayer beside this picture of Uncle Sam.

I of liberty the changing taken have this generallypeople throughout na- I act to that today pray So no God it in that prayer that the might pronountion, believe in of those I who shall of many or that ever program mine of prayer our language conform with principleseternal are that in embodied slightest will in the tend advocate to it in the use Church. I would we gospel,the this in the nation accomplishas the principles for which we weaken

it like to to read you: as a people.stand that mandate. Godgiven ment of

I am grateful that I have been able Now, my brethren and sisters, we Our Father in heaven:

get closely associatedto with recently, last since men general our me have love believe that America, great who conference,who passed through a poWe selves.pray that thou wilt save us from ourthis ofthe Constitution land embodies litical in campaign have which we

eternal principles. They are men of exercised our freedom, our Godgiven The world that thou hast made for us, to

faith, men who are willing to join with right at the polls. I rejoice in this live in peace, we have made into an

me weekly in prayer in our staff meetprivilege, that we have been able to armed camp.

ings, men who love our free institugo to the polls and express ourselves We live in fear of war to come.

tions, to keep America want erect, freely, unafraid. men who with heads flies terror are afraid that of "the by We We

strong, to are willing differed, as is our men who privilege, and sacrifice have night, that day, arrow and the flies by financially in order to serve the gov- I pray to God we may never lose this the pestilence that walks in darkness ernment of the United States, this privilege. Many of us have supported and the destruction that wastes at

blessed land in which we live. men who were not elected. The Amernoonday."

day. election people spoke ican on firmly believe that the These men have turned from thee to go our selfish We We the chief as our chose one of number it test of any policy,supreme whether way.

be agricultural or otherwise, is this: executive, and he has a tremendous We have broken thy commandments

How will it affect the morale, the responsibility. and denied thy truth. We have left

character, and the wellbeing of our I was impressed with that responthine altars to serve the false gods people? They are men who know that sibility a few days ago when I was of money and pleasure and power.

we need, and the world needs, a strong invited to attend a prayer breakfast at Forgive us and help us.

America for the critical years ahead; the Mayflower Hotel in Washington,

men, whose philosophy of life squares D. C. Gathered there at an early hour Now, darkness gathers around us, and we

all counsels. in are confused our Losing political faiths, of various to the philosophy has whichwith come were men

lose faith in ourselves. in thee, we affiliations. of religious Brief faith the the teachings various Churchme through

and kingdom of God, a philosophy messages were given; prayers were Inspire us with wisdom, all of us of every

which is based upon eternal principles offered. We heard an inspirational color, race, and creed, to use our wealth,

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA our strength to help our brother, instead He is our President. He needs our thing that is unsound. Don't put your

of destroying him. faith and prayers. He has my confiown selfish, narrow desires ahead of

welfare. associated our legislators as the public Give the dence, with do men

is as it will to us doneHelp do thy prayers. faith cabinet. in your your the and in him

of to thy worthy be promheaven and judicial great also in in prayer for the branch our As heads Pray we bow ise earth. of peace on cabinet meeting each Friday morning, I of the government—these men who

Fill us with new faith, new strength, and thank God that we still have in Amerhave been called and given the great new courage, that we may win the ica men of faith who are not too proud responsibility of interpreting the laws battle for peace. to bow before the Almighty and seek of the land. May they have the power

his inspiration. We may not agree and influence of the Spirit of heaven

Be swift to save us, dear God, with all of the President's policies, and that as they interpret those laws they before the darkness falls. I hope if we do not, we will express ourmay do so in keeping with the spirit

selves vigorously and freely, either of the Constitution in a manner pleasing

Now, my brethren and sisters, a writpolicies advocated or policies adopted. to our Heavenly Father.

ten prayer is not enough. A spoken I hope the issues will be debated freely God bless us, my brethren and sisters,

prayer is not enough. If we are going from one end of the land to the other, as Latterday Saints, that we may wield

to realize the hope that is in the because therein is safety. There is alour influence to the very maximum in

hearts of all of us, then as American ways safety in an informed public. promoting peace, in promoting spiritualcitizens, as Latterday Saints, we must But let us pray that the chief execuity among the people of this great nalive worthy of the blessings for which tive will make no serious mistakes. Let tion, that this great country of which

we pray. us pray for the Congress of the United we are a part, may be preserved, and

In closing, I would like to appeal to States. They are made up mostly of may continue to be, through all the

the Latterday Saints, and all within good men, fine public servants, who days to come, a beacon and an inspirathe range of my voice today, that we want to do what is right. They also tion to libertyloving people everywhere.

seek to promote a spirit of humility want to please their constituents, and God grant his blessings to this people throughout this great land, that we pray I hope you will be wise in what you and upon this great land, I humbly for the President of the United States. ask of them. Don't ask them for anypray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Fourth Session, Sunday Morning, April 5, 1953

through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers."{Ibid., 3:17.) We read

multithe rulers with there were Lessons of the that that "I crucifixion. at the know tude

through your ignorance ye did it,"is what Peter said to them; thus in accord

with what the Savior had said, "Father, EASTER forgive them; for they know not what

they do."(Luke 23:34.) Then Peter

went on to say:

Repent ye therefore, and be converted, DAY that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;

by Clifford E. Young beforeAnd washe shallpreachedsend untoJesus you:Christ, which

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which

Clifford E. Young holyGod hathprophetsspokensincebythetheworldmouthbegan.of all(Actshis

3:1921.) brethren and sisters, may I exthe ninth hour of the day, and as they press to you my deep gratitude for entered the temple, they noticed a This is an impressive lesson. It is

the privilege of attending this beggar, one who was brought to the a lesson to you and me, who have beenMyconference. temple everyday to ask for alms. He made partakers of the truth. Much is

The opening, impressive address of had been afflicted from his birth, and expected of us, because we know. Jesus

President Clark to which we have was unable to walk. Peter seeing him made it clear. Peter made it clear

just listened has stimulated our faith said, that in cases of ignorance, the Lord and given us renewed hope, and I would be merciful, and kind, and just, therefore trust that I shall say nothing... Silver and gold have I none; but but with those who know and who have

to detract from it, for I have in my such as I have give I thee: In the name of the responsibility, it is a different matheart on this occasion to say only that Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. ter. It is knowledge that brings responsiright the took hand, by he him And bility. will add to the spirit of thiswhich

his lifted up: immediately and and himglorious day. I remember one occasion when Presistrength. feet received ankle bones and

There are one or two things that And he leaping up stood, and walked, dent Grant attended one of our Alpine come to my mind as I contemplate the and entered with them into the temple, Stake meetings where at that time I mission of our Lord and Savior, Jesus walking, and leaping, and praising God. was presiding. We called all the priestChrist: things that apply to us in our (Acts 3:6-8.) hood together and had invited members

daily lives. You will remember that of the Church who had been indifferent

as the Savior hung on the cross, his This incident created quite a sensato their responsibilities, and during suffering was such that he sweat tion because later on multitudes folthat meeting President Grant made a great drops of blood, yet he offered that lowed Peter and John seeking to know characteristic talk on the Word of Wismemorable prayer, "Father, forgive more of the power by which this great dom. At the close of the meeting, one

them; for they know not what they do."miracle had been performed. And then of the brethren remarked that he thought

(Luke 23:34.) Peter, recognizing that some of the very President Grant was rather harsh in

A few days after the Savior had throng were those who had participated his appeal for Latterday Saints to keep ascended into heaven, Peter and John in the crucifixion said to them: the Word of Wisdom. I told Brother

went to the temple to pray. It was "And now, brethren, I wot that Grant of the comment, and he replied,

JUNE 1953 415 family immigrated to Nauvoo. After

E. YOUng Continued the martyrdom of the Prophet she was

among those who moved out to Winter 1847. in Quarters west and then came"I talking to outsiders, not the was I with connection in thought Another

I like of as to of those think her one talking to to Latterday you, Saints thiswas to to fundamental be seems me of that the President "Last Wagon"I it is better."repeat, said that know has knowlwho repentance. to Lord The

of his in speaks beautifully so Clark thatedge brings it is accountability. his glory to his bring to work and

livedshe with her book. death Before life this so lesson. eternal immortality pass the have and The we And

ocone on I remember mother, and my is just merciful children. bekind of his and andLord our from know We firesat the old as around casion we is difthat a there recognizes hearts are earthly experiencecause our he how

to conbe place, seemed Grandmother his in that degree, children,ference children our the toward drawn and fact that not she scious the of would all greatare love for the reared not compassion under and same have we long. strong a here had very She be their inenvironment. weaknesses. good even from them come Some How rooted very deeply a testimony and great the homes, Saint Latterday be compassion fromhomes, love must and

faith. death. of fear She She had no of us, the for taught our his they been Father have Heavenlywhere

it realize fully that to seemed was children! ortruth should sin, they does not know, and where condone He

life this to passing the the from merely exercises truth. for but Others the his have he children. comeknow, mercy

from broken homes, where there is He knows their weaknesses, and beother side. After discussing some of the

some question in their minds as to cause of this understanding he exercises blessings of the gospel and expressing that gratitude her family she and justice this divinity of inthe where work and connection and mercy with her of its blessings, partakers had been made of of is a lack the of his the operationthere understanding divine law.

in her mother she remarked to my oftruth its great power. and is another matter There To them to which

I "Ibbie, I typical when Quaker style, am is like merciful attention.the Lord and kind. to call That would I can

is illustrated beautifully in the story only touch on it briefly. It is a matgone, thee must not come to the ceme-

I I there."could not will not beof that the ter, Jonah. that will remember the however, You emphasizes need tery.

it I then, but do quite understandLord had told part of to warn Nineveh, heart understanding Jonah an on our and he had failed in his responsibility. toward our children and also impresses now. Reference has already been made

He thought he knew better than the us with this fundamental doctrine of the to the statement of the angel to the

Lord, and finally, after a serious exChurch of eternal life, of living again. women at the tomb of the Savior, "...

seek the living ye the among castperience the sea, glorious being on and privilege given have a to Why We

I repeat, 24:5.) dead?"(Luke And fish, great shore theup on the restoration by a the us through of the Holy

Lord appeared to him again and said, Priesthood by which we are permitted why seek ye the living among the dead?

"Now, Jonah, you do as I told you to to go to the temples of the Lord and We will not be there. That's the mesof are of sage speaking hope and we to officiate in this timedo."holy went ordinances Jonah we may And

spirits of eternal. today. are thinking Our that parents the people sealed where and their warned be withNineveh may

is It die. that the cloak not do Theyif evil all for their children eternity. time did turn they not from and Have

I spirits covers lay that aside. our we destroyed. ever did stopped to they this be you think wouldways what He

not understand that there was an opconnotes, my brethren and sisters? It know, brothers and sisters, that we do

portunity to repent. After preaching is eternal life. The very gift that was not understand the processes, but that

to the people he went over on the side made possible on that first Easter morndoes not change the eternal truth.

of a hill and sat under a gourd which ing through Jesus Christ, that we may Every day we learn of great disthe Lord had caused to grow up to live again, that we shall not only live, coveries that are being made—the work

protect him from the sun. By and by but that we shall also have those whom of the astronomers, the galaxies that

love as wilted, dearer tothe we and gourd who are us than Jonah waited of life are being them, discovered—millions

itself. destroyed, the city that not Thinkand he what means. was is That age This scientific beyond number.

sulked and felt sorry for himself and is another of the blessings that have an age of miracles, and when we conthe gourd. Then the Lord came to been vouchsafed to us through the mintemplate them, we cannot help thinkhim again and said, istry of Jesus Christ. ing how presumptuous of us to question

In this connection we as parents have the miracle of being able to lay this... Thou hast had pity on the gourd, an obligation to our children to help body away, the cloak of our spirit, but

hast laboured,for not the thou which for to prepare blessings. them these I spirits to live. continue I that our may it in grow;neither up which madest came sometimes think are little lax a in we bewill again, there not be repeat we in a night: night, perished anda better not preparing for children our spirits are day immortal! our cause Some I spare that Nineveh, should not And

great city, wherein are more than sixscore the responsibilities of temple marriages. we will come back just as the Savior

thousand persons that cannot discern be- I think bishops could do much in that came back; and our bodies will be healed

tween their right hand and their left field, in helping our young people to through the great natural processes; our

hand. (Jonah 4:1011.) prepare for this great responsibility so spirits will again enter them; and we

that they will have understanding hearts will become living souls. That does

And so I say, my brothers and sisters, and will appreciate the great blessings not mean we will live again; we have

the Lord knows and understands the of going to the house of the Lord and lived all the time, just as the Savior hearts of the children of men. He knows making holy covenants that will prewhile his body was in the tomb, was

our intent, our desires, and he also serve them and their families forever. preaching to those spirits in prison.

is expected of us. And whatknows we If all the of the young people

of ouris expected Church We will have responsibilities. But whatshould know could impressed be importance with the

selves. In harmony with this thought, of temple marriage, with all the sacredlet us not forget that at the cemetery

I would like to read a statement that ness that goes with it, the keeping we are not there. I do not want to

was made by Elder Albert E. Bowen of covenants, the preservation of love detract from the sacredness that you

restfeel as to in the heart your go you ago. this years pulpit about twofrom it virtue in and every home, would

love, of ing place those not you whom of a said, man's measure "TheHe of indeed greatest be factors the one in sisters, all. at that But, brothers and in lies altogether notachievements hatreds, banishing in eliminating broken

it is far there something and beyond to. gets to have have he Youwhere all homes the and sorrows incident

regard for the place from which he thereto. It would ultimately bring peace all. As Jesus was the Christ, the Restarted; and the degree of his advanceto the world. This is another of the deemer of the world, and lived again,

reached has notment, though he so great blessings that come to you and willso wecontinuelive againto live.eternal lives, and. we of his fellows, place as onehigh a may the ministry me through Christ. of Jesus

of of the handicapbe greater because closing this grandappreciate us to God help May Now one thought—my position set out."the he from which sanctify mother on to our the lessons good side was a and my mother's

We do not all start from the same Quaker. She joined the Church in learned from this great Easter day, I

source. Westchester, Pennsylvania and with her pray in the name of Jesus. Amen.

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ture awaits you! It's yours! If you would

end war and give peace to the world, you have campaigns to organize and conquests to achieve. These will be campaigns

planned for the establishment of justice.

These are the conquests of the soul: whether

it is better to walk along the easy road to selfishness and indulgence than to strive through selfmastery and service in the realm of spirituality, you must decide. "He

Have courage for prayer. That must

be part of the high resolve of this conference. Courage for the right! So Went much is happening in public places-,

so many are brought into contact where

the heard proud, when you you are about publicand opinion is a power. I am proud,

before States of President the United he gave his inaugural address say, "I

Oscar A. Kirkham Doing Good"wantI wentto sayonea daylittledownprayer."to the station

with a group of missionaries to say goodbye. A father, my neighbor, was with

by Oscar A. Kirkham me. There was a group about us. The

stationmaster came out and said, "It

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY will be about twenty minutes before the train leaves. Don't go far away."Then

I saw my neighbor walk through the crowd quickly, his son on his arm, through the station, and they were humbly pray that the Lord will bless do our part in this hour of challenge gone for a time. Then I saw him reme this Easter morning. This is and opportunity. May I suggest one or turn just before the train pulled out. He

I truly a great day when we contemtwo simple things, plain things, as kissed the boy goodbye, and the boy plate what is happening across the earth. David said in the Psalms, which are was off. I walked over to my friend

In ten thousand churches, on a thoualso the teachings of the Latterday and said: "I want to ask you a personal

sand hilltops, everywhere, men and Saint Church? question. I have a thought that I

women are declaring their faith in the Help someone in need: Rushing from want to ask you about your boy."I

divine mission of Jesus Christ. We of one city to another to escape bombing said, "Where did you go when you took

the Latterday Saint Church join our not long ago, people by the thousands your boy? Now, pardon me, if this

voices happily with the multitudes that were trying to find a way to safety, in is too private, you do not need to andeclare their faith in God. one of the cities of China. All at once swer, but I have an idea."He said,

One of the most striking expressions in the rush the crowd crossing the "Oh, I think you have the right idea.

of the Savior is, "He went about doing bridge stopped, for someone was hold- I took my boy home. We went to the

good."With my life's work with youth, ing up the traffic. It was a boy. He bedroom alone. I said, 'Son, I am so

I have constantly been reminded that could not cross the bridge. He heard proud today,'and I finally mustered up

I must be practical. Youth lives in the cry of a child that had fallen. courage to do what I should have doneaction, in doing. "He went about doQuickly he went to help—to help someprobably many times before. 'Sit on

ing good."one in need. When the child was the edge of the bed, I want to bless

safe, his hurried again he way. made on is of I you. Mother proud you. am I also read these from words Psalm that other read the on Did day you is day.'great a of you. This proud27:11: thy "Teach Lord, way, me O fifteen soldiers Hill Baldy were American son."I blessed my And lead plain in path."Recently aand me

to bring a out go commissioned and

I it village smallin in a I in Nevada, story: heard closing was other One left, of that boys unbeen number hadcalled to a dedicate lovely small, chapel. mission of the one from the temple fortunately get to not able under away story told the of of was neighbors by bishopThe children presidents. The fire? the worked; worked They and great a they struggle to raise playtheir had oftenhow with friends come and of they heard buried another sometheir part.the said, do and of money organizations auxiliary the to He mates in debris. out the where went They

littime to get"The the came had when Saint we Church. Latterday the One in early very again the bemorning fivelast dollars to thousand part."do our sevgirl tle message the caught on had it fore light. to a As they was came before the literally, went people and prayer.He family eral occasions about hill, of the nob they voice heard a figuratively, literallynot off but took his day, she she one came home When crying, water."quickly "Water, They said,coat, will "I not I and put on got parents, any to said her "Have my dug. rescued They a from young man again,coat the Lord's help, with until father this anfamily?"rights in The grace death of the carried and by God part."raised our have hewe went certainly have, And swered, you "Why, safely hill the he him where down hisforward, family and with him. was I prayer."family dear.""Well, want received further help. are There many I of then joy the the sawAnd accomshall dear, family have "Well, you my calling, everywhere water.""Water, thrilled.plishment. heart it People was on, prayer."the My But went and when truth Stand for the the right with and states. distant fromcame rode They said, child again, the occasion came all this I good In very men: tabernacle valley the from to everywheredown I be rights this got in family?"any "Have heard evening one appeal an by made their friendswith neighbors, and reflecand pause, longer a There more was of the told queen of Holland. the She it all over, delightful a waswhen thing tion, "Yes, dear."then, family And of sorrow people, of her many themhappened. Although an appointment said. prayer was lives, giving their but that she endedcalled to hurry to a neighboraway me us. bless help God we May May beautiful of appeal sincerity deep with city,ing as looked back from car the we for in need. stand someone we May these all words, us "Let best, our do

stillwindow, the saw we crowd was right. truth the and have May we leave rest to the and God."there, shaking hands with neighbors for prayer. courage in thy "Teach me President O. David addressing McKay, friends, enjoyingand the loveliness of Lord, lead in way, plain and a me the class O graduating at the Universitythe spirit occasion the their of acand path."(Psalms 27:11.) as he May we of said: Utah,complishment. I did 'in ever doing about go good, pray,

May we also "take off our coats,"to Young men and young women: The futhe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1953 417 of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every

where it is spoken against."(Acts Christ Directs 28:22.) Why did they speak against

it? Was it not the same when Paul

stood there bound in chains, when he betestimony that delivered marvelous

Agrippa fore Agrippa and Festus, when His Church said, "Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian."{Ibid,, 26:28.) And Festus

Today muchsaid, "...learningthoudoth artmakebesidethee thyself;mad."

(Ibid., 26:24.) To which Paul replied,

"I am not mad, most noble Festus; but

speak forth the words of truth and by LeGrand Richards soberness."(Ibid., 26:25.) And then

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE he said: "I would to God, that not only

thou, but also all that hear me this

LeGrand Richards day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds."

(Ibid., 26:29.) Think of Saul just shortly before that, when they laid at his

the opening session of this great And to indicate further the fact that feet the cloaks of those who stoned laid that that was body same had he David President yesterday, Stephen, death the prophet and put toAtconference fish the in he took tomb, objecgreat and of away gave us two God. you And remember O. McKay how

tives: the one, to put our homes in honeycomb and ate with them. I said, Stephen gazed into heaven and saw

order, and the second, to proclaim the "Now that was the same body that he Jesus sitting on the right hand of his divine mission of the Redeemer of the laid away in the tomb, wasn't it?"And Father. And then Saul went from that

world. We have listened to some beauhe agreed that it was. experience into Damascus with an order

tiful talks on those subjects, and parAnd then I led him on through the to persecute the Christians.

ticularly on the mission of the Redeemer experience of the Savior in ministering That is just like the world. They

of the world since that opening address, among his disciples for forty days until don't understand, and so they malign especially appropriate in view of the in the presence of five hundred of the us, and they tell all manner of things fact that today is Easter, when all the brethren he was carried away in the that are not true, and they do not have

Christian world is celebrating that event. clouds of heaven, and two men dressed the right conception, just like Paul of

I should like to tell you an experiin white apparel stood and said, as the old. But when the testimony had come

ence I had while laboring as a misbrethren gazed into heaven to watch to Paul, he was a different man. The

sionary in New Bedford, Massachusetts, him ascend, "... Ye men of Galilee, Church hadn't changed; Christ hadn't

some years ago. We were approaching why stand ye gazing up into heaven? changed; his truth was the same; but

the Easter Sunday, and I had a discusthis same Jesus, which is taken up from Saul of Tarsus had changed. He was

sion with a minister of the gospel about you into heaven, shall so come in like now Paul, the Apostle of the Lord Jesus the mission of the Redeemer of the manner as ye have seen him go into Christ.

world. I had him explain to me the heaven."(Acts 1:11.) And he agreed A short time ago I sent one of our

God in whom he believed. Naturally, that that actually happened. Church books to a distant relative on

in keeping with the ordinary orthodox And then I said, "My friend, where my mother's side, back in MassachuChristian view, he explained how God is the body that Jesus took out of the setts. My cousin, Merlin Steed, had been

the Father, and God the Son and God tomb, if he and the Father are one, there and had visited him. He wrote

the Holy Ghost were one God, and and an essence everywhere present in Merlin a letter and said he had spent then he went on to indicate their works the world? Would you say that Jesus three weeks reading the book. He said,

and said, in substance, that they were died a second death and laid his body "It is a great eye opener to me. It is

so large that they filled the whole unidown again?"And he thought for a the first book I have ever read in favor

verse, and so small that they could few minutes. He said, "I am afraid I of the Mormons."And then he added

dwell in our hearts; that they were can't answer that. I have never thought this statement, "I doubt if you have

the life of the plants and flowers and of it before in that way."any idea of the fantastic yarns that

I intersisters, I thank then everything around brothers and us. And Now, in are current concerning New England

are question, jected this a recommitment that 'What we have we God to the Church. of them Mormon Some

celebrating this week?"And he said, this earth in our day and time that are so wild that I doubt if the persons

"The Easter."I said, "What does that he does have his body, that he does who tell them really believe what they

really mean?""Well,"he said, "it's actually exist as the Redeemer of the are saying themselves."

of I said, the bands break did "Just Christ."of that he world, resurrection the

is in the to have meet what That we no resurrection have grave might the that the death, by do mean you what

If take but world. the Lord would

it his exbody, I to delivered in led up that victory him of Christ?"Then

I of hearts! their that prejudice out of all us, of it for the we that which will I said, as do plain. mean "You

persequestion: this did ask they Why testimonies that wonderful such heard rolled and actually have away stone was

saints of did they old? the cute Why this conference. that in to the here tomb the came women when to of Apostles the put the Lord death Clifford Young not Brother ago, that was he proclaimed the angels Sometime

crucify Christ? did Jesus they Why address. Air of very the arisen, the He that a there, that was he Church gave

darkof our the Lord? because Only of the of that the some following from taken that told down was body me ness their that the covered and minds on commenting received arisen?"in letters laid that cross he had had tomb and

efforts evil to of destroy the the one a from true. was one address. that that was his admitted And he And for of in earth, the work and God said in gospel, he which of apthe he minister in that body I that said And reason, that they misunderstand same "It pleases this: like me doubtsomething disciples and when his to peared today. of this the great motives Church bethe that Mormons fact to that he greatly the know questioned ing Thomas

was actually the Redeemer whom they lieve in the Christ."I have thought I had an experience in Oregon after

had known, he asked Thomas to put a great deal about that statement since, my first mission. I had spent some

his hand in the wound in Jesus'side and I have thought of the feeling the time with a prominent businessman.

and feel the prints in his hands, and world has toward our people. I have He didn't know I was a Mormon, and

see that "I am the same,"for, said he, compared it to the time when Paul he painted the Mormons and the Morit almost "A spirit hath not flesh and bones, as stood at Rome to be judged, and they mon missionaries so black ye see me have."(See Luke 24:39.) said unto him, "... we desire to hear made my blood run cold. When he

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was through, I said, "My friend, now overlooking Jerusalem and recalled how most of the prophets received the word don't you feel embarrassed, because,"I they had rejected him, he cried out, of God by inspiration, but Moses talked said, "you are sitting right here at the as it were, in the anguish of his soul, with God, and God declared that in side of a Mormon missionary."He went this day he would raise up a prophet

red in the face, and I said, "I forgive Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest like unto Moses. And then he said,

prophets, the stonest are and which them Iyou,"qualified bebecause had I him to bring will give power him "Unto

I sent thee, often unto have would howfore. I said, a ever read isn't "Have you there time forth word,"and my together, gathered children thy as a even

I said, book?""No."justMormon of He think recount, to but what you gathereth chickens her under hen her wings,

said, "Have you ever met a Mormon?"and ye would not! (Ibid., 23:37.) the Lord has brought forth through this

And he said, "No."I said, "I forgive modern Prophet. Then he said, "And

you because you are not supposed to And then he said, not to the bringing forth my word only didknow you get of any better. Where convincing to the them my—but

your information from?"he Behold, your house is left unto you deso- "Oh,"shall already gone have word which

said, "you hear it on the streets, and late. forth among them,"and that is what

I see shall you, For say unto not Ye me read it in the in magazinesyou and of this missionaries are the doChurch is till say, henceforth, Blessed shad ye hethe newspapers; everybody all knows what are the over world. ing openThey of in that the Lord. the cometh name are."the Mormons stick Bible, ing the the and of Judah, (Ibid., 23:3839.)

Now, brethren and sisters, if there is teaching the people things they have any Church in this world that really Now I want to tell you that when never heard of. I have told people in

believes that Jesus is the Christ, surely God the Eternal Father, through his the mission field plenty of times that it is the Latterday Saints. No Church Son Jesus Christ, sends a prophet unto I would show them out of that book

has ever exalted him as has this Church. the inhabitants of the earth, when they things they had never read in their

He is the head of the Church, literally, reject the prophet of God, they reject lives, I didn't care how many times as the man is the head of the woman; Christ the Lord. That, he has dethey had read it. And then the Lord

the Church bears his name; and there clared through his own words. declared that "the thing which the

was no other Church in the world that 1 would like to call your attention to Lord shall bring forth"by this Prophet bore his name when he committed it the promise in the Book of Mormon like unto Moses, "shall bring my people to this Church and commanded that of the prophet that God declared he unto salvation."

the Church should be named after him. would send, the promise he made to Brothers and sisters, I leave my testiThe whole premise of Mormonism is Joseph who was sold into Egypt that in mony with you that the resurrected

based upon the fact that the Father the latter days out of his seed, he Christ lives today, that he is directing and the Son literally appeared to the would raise up a choice seer and prophet his Church, that he has raised up a

Prophet Joseph Smith. They couldn't like unto Moses. And then I remind Prophet like unto Moses of old, and

have done that if they were only an you that in holy writ we read that that if we will follow his teachings essence, everywhere present in the there was no prophet in Israel like unto they will lead us unto salvation. May

world. With that glorified body that Moses because Moses talked with God God help each one of us to do this

Jesus took out of the tomb, he appeared face to face, as one man speaks with I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus to Joseph Smith, and if that thing did his friend. According to the scriptures, Christ. Amen.

not actually transpire, we have no right to be assembled here in a conference claiming to be the Church of Jesus

Christ. And if it did actually transpire,

then all the people of this world will ultimately have to accept of the work that he established through the Prophet that he raised up in this dispensation.

We have had testimony borne here today of how he appeared to the Prophet

Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon, andI would like to leave this thought with The Holy Ghost you. It wasn't only what Jesus taught.

You remember that he said to those of old, "If ye believe not my words, believe then my works."Here are the A Revelator

works of the Lord Jesus Christ, the establishment of his great Church.

As I have sat here in this conference, by Bruce R. McConkie

I have thought of the words of Nephi of OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY old who saw our day and the coming forth of the Book of Mormon and the Bruce R. McConkie

establishment of the kingdom of God upon the earth, and he said he saw the

Saints of God scattered upon the face of the whole earth and the power of tabernacle of Father, personage a Ghost Holy The resting glory. great in upon themGod The as flesh us bones, begat having and I testify of that the to you powerAnd all gift is those of the unto God who ordained in the the beginning and is this in of great glory with as seek in well times diligently ChurchGod him,

to power old planspirits have might whereby we should the that he manifest in time astoday.

I would like to add another thought. himselfFor heuntois thethechildrensame yesterday,of men. today, growand becomein intelligencelike him. and knowledge

Jesus said, "Not every one that saith and forever; and the way is prepared for The Son, his Firstborn in the spirit

unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into all men from the foundation of the world, and Only Begotten in the flesh, under the kingdom of heaven; but he that if it so be that they repent and come unto his direction, became the Creator and

of is him. will Father, thedoeth which my of all things earth the Redeemer and

diligently find; seeketh shall that For hein In the 7:21.) (Matt heaven."world it. that are to time time he on From shall of mysteries the unfolded be and God intoday, world, Christian the there of salvato the has revealed plan men of the the them, Ghost, power unto by Holy justare too saying, "Lord, Lord,"many tion, of Christ. gospel Jesus the old, as of in these as well in times times

and they are not doing the will of our and as well in times of old as in times The Holy Ghost, a personage of

Father. Then I remind you that when to come; wherefore, the course of the Lord spirit, is their minister, who has been

Jesus stood on the Mount of Olives is one eternal round. (1 Ne. 10:1719.) (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 419 and Godfearing and diligent in seeking

Bruce R. McConkie continued truth, the fact that this is the Lord's

work; that Joseph Smith is his prophet;

given the power and assigned the funcby the same direct revelation that he that he is the greatest witness of Christ tions of bearing record of the Father gave them in times of old. that there has been in the world since

and the Son, of revealing the truths The Holy Ghost has been given to the day that Christ himself proclaimed the to there of salvation of God. he was Son And and men on earth, in righteous the from beginning men so thatis excuse or course, of reason not alldue revealing any any to them, why certify of they could truths the about

is truth. honest upright anyone and who salvation. the been has God and He

this Every should knowledge. not have Christ in Now, was here when of those presided his companion have who

Saint should have it. ministry, told his he Apostles that the when over in Latterday the and Church kingdom

Israel, recall in ancient that You willhe went away, he send would them age, his every and they by power have after called been and Eldad had Medad is another a Comforter received revelation given guidance and Comforter—that

Spirit his of that calling, to a high God he, other for himself, than he a was to of the the to people and Church fell prophesied they and them upon comfort unto this that all Comworld. people in the And when them—and before in the came camp. Joshua Then forter recall to their all would minds these speak, brethren brethren, these

"... said, lord Moses, Moses and My thatthings told he them, had and First the Presidency the Twelve, and

himself forbid them."But Moses who all guide into truth.would them are seers, And prophets, revand and who

gift this of this Ghost, the had Holy said he into they be guided it is wouldwhen elators, the of the power by Holy spirit of of revelation prophecy and I all it truth, believe that he meant is say they the and Ghost what mind it this that he power had by and was literally, in that and due will of the the Lord. and course—not led Israel the through Red in time, in but Sea—said: would eternity—they Last night President when ". McKay.. for sake? Enviest thou would my of truth, as fulness a obtain Christ even said, of presentday speaking conditions all Lord's were people the that God himself, grace to having gone from

is in the and what needed world now, that prophets, the Lord put would and grace, received a of truth, fulness has the that desired this that Lord gospel spirit 11:2829.) his them!"(Num. upon a of fulness of glory Father. the theand roll forth to taken nation, every be and gift is per- a greater that no There that the are thing But concerned we kindred, tongue, people, and he was himself, for enjoy son earn can and

is here in mortality, to thewith have telling the Lord what in wants done gift mortality, in of the the than Holy of reveal to things the us GhostHoly it is this day. so for other what And is gift to right the the Ghost, which

is the that our knowledgeGod, God It received. counsel have should we of that constant companionship memliter- is his Father, that Christ Son, Jesus is, be, as the the and voice mouth and gift of ber the and which Godhead,

flesh, ally of in that born the him and of the to Saints. the Latterday Lord is condition only actually enjoyed on

set ofthe has been kingdom on up God is revelator. of a righteousness. Ghost Holy The individual He last for earth the again time, that we,

is reveal will to person of Christ. any honest In Jesus the Amen. who name ancients, heirs the ofwith be might

the fulness of the Father's kingdom.

We believe that it is life eternal to i know God and Jesus Christ, whom he has sent, and that these glorious beings are manifest by the power of the Holy

Ghost. believe is saved no that man We Immortality and faster he gains knowledge, than meaning knowledge of God and of his laws, as these things are revealed by the

Holy Ghost.

We believe that no man can be savedin ignorance, meaning in ignorance of ETERNAL LIFE

God and his laws, of Jesus Christ, and the truths of the gospel, as these things are made manifest by the power of the

Holy Ghost.

You will recall it was Paul who said:

... Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, by Milton R. Hunter

neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY them that love him. Milton R. Hunter

But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all

things, yea, the deep things of God.

of things For the knoweth what man I of of people hearts Easter the also millions morning, because know a Today is spirit save the inman, which of man that are liveth; the turned in heart throughout world and Redeemer my my

the things so of evenhim? knoweth God life is filled of for the adoration to that with gratitude Master and knowl-

(I Spirit the of Cor. butno man, God.

of edge. salvation. the the members We,2:9-11.)

true Church of Jesus Christ, in this I have never read a statement in any

Now the truths about God and salgreat conference assembled, bow our of the holy scriptures dealing with the vation are not gained by the wisdom heads in reverence and from the depths work of God which is as important as of men. They are not to be found by of our hearts thank God for the mission the one found in the Pearl of Great

the research of the world. They are of Jesus Christ and the marvelous atonePrice. It is as follows:

so gloriously he brought which ment for of in creeds the thenot found men, is this For behold, work and my my this in about. Already meeting are creeds those that has saidLord an bring the to pass immortality and we glory—to listened testihave wonderful to some sight. his in standsabomination God life eternal 1:39.) (Moses of man.

revealed, or he remains forever unmonies given by the various speakers known. Knowledge about God and regarding the resurrection of the Son That marvelous statement contains

about the divinity of Jesus Christ and of God. Especially is that true in the two distinctive features. The one is the

the great atoning sacrifice which he case of the testimony which was so immortality of man; and the other, the

worked out is had in the world today, beautifully presented by President J. eternal life. Each of these items means

by us, because God has spoken in this Reuben Clark. I also want to voice something entirely different, distinctively

day, and has given these truths again, my testimony here on this glorious different, from the other. Immortality

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

means the resurrection from the grave. revealed the fact to the Prophet Joseph man must enter into this order of the

Eternal life means the type of life that Smith that through the redemption of priesthood [meaning the new and everof lasting marriage] covenant celestialwill lived in glory be the the those Begotten famby Only Son human it. if not, obtain he cannot does he And their for ily love raised keepdeath showed by be fromwho would God

other, into enter that the but may He hising living in while commandments is of his the he cannot kingdom; have end

life, eternal in immortality untomortality.... (Ihid., increase. 131:1-4.) an as believe; as even would many the Eternal Father appointed When

eternal that believe they unto not Andhis to Begotten Only the Savior be Son that revelation Section 132, marvelous... 29:4344.) (D. C. damnation; &of the world, gave he unto two him celestial marriage, explains and on

major assignments. One of these asAmulek declared that resurrection or clarifies the quotation I have just given,

signments was to break the bands of immortality would come to and also tells definitely what is meant death and thereby bring about the by eternal life, exaltation, etc. In that

resurrection of all of God's sons and... all, both old and young, both bond revelation the Lord has informed us that

daughters. In other both the male both words, Jesus and free, and female, was of the and members a woman, if a man

... righteous. the andto to universally give immortality the wicked Christ, of refuse to enter Jesus Church

human family. The other assignment [And at the resurrection or the receivinto God's holy order of marriage, but

of ing immortality] to a proclaim gospelwas of salvaplan. instead order, accept a and manmade

.. there as wicked remain thoughtion to of the earth, inhabitants the if all live this of the and man woman except redemption made, been. the no allgranting free their agency men principles sufficiently it other gospel ohthe of of death. loosing and hadbe the the bands all thatpromising those would who celestial to to glory, well the go they 11:44, 41.) (Alma

that plan, gospelobey contained which will exaltation. not attain the quote To

the words of eternal life, eventually The other part of that great scripture, words of the Lord as received by the would be brought back into the presence previously quoted, is: Prophet Joseph Smith:

of the Father and the Son and receive

...... are they in angels appointed life.eternal is this behold, For work and my my

are angels heaven; ministering which

. In the of meridian time, life Christ to Jesus eternal pass.. the bring glory—to servants, to for those minister are who of 1:39.) into (Moses the in world; shortcame man. three and

of far a worthy more, exceeding, an andyears'time ministry of public he marked eternal glory. of weight an and life is very, important. very Eternal A theout leadeth pathway which unto these angels did abide For not my law; of scriptures careful reveals the study life.eternal In other the words, by therefore, they enlarged, be cannot but

life he lived and through the teachings the fact that it is the most desirable remain separately and singly, without exaltahe gave, he proclaimed to the human and important thing of all that exists. tion, in their saved condition, to all eternity;

family the gospel plan of salvation, asIn modern revelation we read: "Beand from henceforth are not gods, but are

suring exaltation to everyone who hold, he that hath eternal life is rich."angels of God forever and ever. (Ibid.,

proved faithful in doing "all things (D. & C. 6:7; 11:7.) The Doctrine and 132:1617.)

states also eternal "... that Covenantswhatsoever the their shall Lord God

also in the read revelation same We life gifts is all of greatest the the them."3:25.)... (Abrahamcommand And

if that into a enter a and woman man of (Ibid., eternal Therefore, rejectedthen, 14:7.) his having God."been by own,

of the holy marriage, according covenant life is blessing crucified, to as that the the dying comeshe was a ransom to sealed law, the are God's and by Holyfor sins of individual keeps the the world. the commandwho

of Spirit in promise, living accordance fulness. their in beautifully so explained As was by ments

therein, the with covenants madePresident in his address a Clark few is life of greatest eternal the Since all of his rendering to obedience comfirst early Easter ago, that onmoments it all gifts of to should God's be man, to faithful enduring and mandments othersmorning, Magdalene and Mary of importance more more and much rise shall the in end, resurrecthey the of the Galilee loved from who women to forth to worth while put you and me to tion assigned and be dwell with for to very theJesus went tomb much life effort to every attain eternal than celestial glory. in the the Lord And of Master's giving purposethe the body it to million a be accumulate would the states: revelation then

burial.a has proper more As been dollars, million, or dolmillion a even

pointed out, upon finding the tomb lars, or to rise to any position of leader-... they shall pass by the angels, and

empty, all the women returned to ship in this world, or to gratify any or the gods, which are set there, to their

Jerusalem except Mary Magdalene. She all of our mortal desires. exaltation and glory in all things, as hath

their sealed heads, glory been which upon oflingered the the near doorway tomb of study the statements on A careful fulness shall of a continuation be a and inside. looked sheweeping, then and this scriptures, in the subject found (Ibid., ever. forever seeds 132:19.) the and dressed angels sheThere two saw in especially those in the found Doctrine

white and heard one of them declare: and Covenants, reveals the fact that The Prophet Joseph Smith points out

life gift received is the by husforever that of seeds this "continuation... I know that ye seek Jesus, which was eternal

for are married wife band and children in and ever,"who means to havecrucified.

He is not here: for he is risen,... eternity, and has reference to their the celestial glory.

(Matt. 28:5-6.) power of eternal increase or a continuaTo continue the revelation:

tion of the seeds forever and ever. Also,

shall gods, because they be they Then less exaltation Thus, predicted include the been as had a conthan by may... have no end; prophets ofholy seeds the even the very from betinuation and may Godhood I Verily, except you, unto say

slightly Christ, differentginning, of Savior the Jesus convey a the shade attain to abide ye law of ye cannot myverily,world, had broken the bands of death. meaning. In many of the quotations in glory. this

He had now overcome the tomb and the scriptures, "eternal life"and "life For strait is the gate, and narrow the the grave and thereby had given assureternal"are also used with meanings way that leadeth unto the exaltation and ance to the human family that as he closely akin with those other words or continuation of the lives, and few there be had risen from the grave, each of us phrases. Therefore, all of those terms, that find it, because ye receive me not in

also shall rise from the grave and take although possessing slightly different the world neither do ye know me.

upon ourselves immortality. shades in meaning, seem to lead to a (Ibid., 132:2022.)

final similar goal. order to In to come prophets holy proclaimed had The explained the Lord the And then

a thorough regardunderstanding more ofthat Christ Jesus was the Lamb God lives. of eternal meaning He said: ing of the terms, those meaning weslain of the foundation the from world;

that he would die and rise again; and shall refer directly to latter day revelaThis is eternal lives—to know the only

true God, and Jesus and In Section 131 of the Doctrine wise Christ, whom everythat child tion. and man, woman,

. sent... (Ibid., 132:24.) he hath it is written: and Covenants, rich righteous and free, and poor,bond

receive immortalityand wicked—would celestial how can we come to know In the Now God glory there are three

sacrifice. result of his atoningas a degrees; fully heavens or completely? and a knowlSuch

Regarding this vital subject, the Lord And in order to obtain the highest, a (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 421 Milton R. Hunter continued youas I andknowme,thatandI liveon thethatthirdhe diedday forhe

was resurrected, thereby breaking the edge or status cannot be obtained comchizedek Priesthood and honor and bands of death and giving immortality pletely in this world. A full knowledge magnify that priesthood; to the human family. I have a strong

of God can be attained only in the Sixth, we must enter into the law of conviction that some of God's children celestial degree of glory by those who celestial marriage and keep all of the will rise through immortality to eternal ultimately become as he is. When one covenants made therein; life and others will rise through imthinks as he thinks, acts as he acts, atSeventh, we must demonstrate to mortality to eternal condemnation. It

tains power comparable to that enjoyed the Lord through the lives we live and is also my testimony that through the by him, then that individual has atby rendering obedience to his comblood that Jesus shed and the sacrifice tained exaltation or eternal life. To mandments that we are willing to conthat he made, he atoned for the sins

such a person, Jesus has promised: "... secrate all we possess—our talents, our of those who receive him and keep his

all that my Father hath shall be given time, our means, and our very lives if commandments; but, on the other hand,

unto him."(Ibid., 84:38.) 'need be—to the upbuilding of the as Jesus of Nazareth declared, those

The question of importance which Church and kingdom of God here upon who will not receive him and repent lies deeply, imbedded in the hearts of the earth and also to the salvation of and keep his commandments will be each of us is: How may we gain eternal his sons and daughters; required to suffer even as he, the greatlife? Eighth, we must continue to press est of all, suffered; and his suffering

it "... so that intense caused faith was in forward with him unshaken the Master, Christ, Jesus Lord our and

of to pain, because tremble to of bleed Christ, and Jesus spoken words whether to the earth pointed out thecame and at pore, suffer to every and both body or of the by himself through mouths life; to leadeth eternalpath which

spirit."(D. 19:1718; and C. prophets, faithful Mosiah his proving & in keepus, saying:and he commanded

3:7; 22:44.) Luke all of ing the pressing commandments,

And I now give unto you a commandment "forward with a steadfastness in Christ, I know also that if we will render to beware concerning yourselves, to give having a perfect brightness of hope, obedience to all the commandments diligent heed to the words of eternal life. and a love of God and of all men,"given us by our Lord and Savior, Jesus

For you shall live by every word that and enduring faithful to the end, then, Christ, and also those given through proceedeth will his prophets, to holy forth from the mouth of God. according of the someday promise the Eternal we

(Ibid., 84:4344.) ".. into the presence back. shall come eternal of God Father, we have

life."(Ibid., 31:20.) and hear the voice of the Lamb, saying:

of Nazareth's of Jesus A summary if enter servants, beloved done, faithful "Well Thus, prove we my in walkthat theteachings regarding pathway into exaltation"; ing as along your the King and pathway in ye enumerated

life is as eternal follows: toleadeth

said, eight covepoints, those has the through Benjamin feasting "... upon

First, we must have faith, faith in the word of Christ,... [for] there is nants we have made and by taking upon

Jesus Christ and in the gospel plan none other way nor name given under ourselves his name, we become sons which he promulgated; heaven whereby man can be saved and daughters of Jesus Christ and shall

Second, we must repent of all our in the kingdom of God,"(Ibid., 31:20dwell with him eternally in the celessins; 21) then our election shall be made tial degree of glory. (Mosiah 5:6-10.)

Third, we must be baptized by one sure, with the glory of eternal lives This blessing and glory will be ours if having proper authority; as our reward; and then, as the revelawe press forward "with an eye single

tion to the glory previously of states, faithand quoted endure God"those Fourth, confirmed be must we memful faithful to the end. ones (D. shall pass 4:5; C. 82:19.) "... the & bybers of of the Christ Jesus and Church

angels, the gods, and set are as bless which Eternal us Father our Mayreceive the Ghost; Holy

there, to their exaltation glory Saints, in are and Latterday the on who now to according (Then, have Nephi, we all things, as hath life, sealed been leadeth to eternal upon pathway whichentered through the into the gateway their heads."(D. 132:19.) diligent C. that will faithful be & and we

of arekingdom the and on God now I like to all bear would things in testimony, receive eventually and my... straight narrow and which path is testimony great which has given to that blessing greatbeen "the which me

leads life."to eternal 31:17- [2 Nephi gifts the all of through est of of the the Ghost. power Holy namely, God,"

18.]) I know that Jesus is the Christ, the eternal life, I humbly pray, in the

Fifth, we must receive the Holy MelOnly Begotten Son of God. I know name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Fifth Session, Sunday Afternoon, April 5, 1953

A Work of Conversion

by Mark E. Petersen

Mark E. Petersen OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

ay I read again the beautiful words the paths of righteousness for his name's Surely goodness and mercy shall follow which have just been sung to you sake. me all the days of my life: and I will dwell

by our wonderful choir. Yea, though I walk through the valley in the house of the Lord for ever. (PsalmM of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: 23.)

thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not for That is a great testimony. I am gratethey comfort me.want.

He maketh me to lie down in green pasThou preparest a table before me in the ful that the choir sang this number, tures: he leadeth me beside the still waters. presence of mine enemies: thou anointest giving this testimony of the psalmist beHe restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in my head with oil; my cup runneth over. cause this has been a conference of

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA testimonies—testimony after testimony claims that he loves the Church, but There is only one man in all the

to the divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ, he also loves the world, and he lives world who has the right to introduce a testimony after testimony to the goodas close as he possibly can to the line new doctrine to this Church, and that ness of the Lord our Father to all men of disobedience without actually vioman is the President of the Church. So

who will follow him and really make lating the letter of the law. He does teachers, until you become the President

him their shepherd. People who thus not realize that he must avoid even the of the Church, will you be willing to

follow him, testify anew day by day very appearance of evil. He does not content yourselves with the present ofindeed that the Lord is their shepherd; realize, possibly, that by living as close ficially accepted doctrines of the Church?

they shall not want and say, "Surely to the line of disobedience as he can, I do not believe that we can escape goodness and mercy shall follow me he sows seeds of doubt and distrust in the responsibility of starting someone all the days of my life: and I will dwell the minds of others. off on the wrong way if we teach wrong

in the house of the Lord for ever."There are those who live in open reprinciples. I do not believe that any of

I remember also that this choir has bellion against the word of God and us can afford to take that responsibility.

sung words from Isaiah, "All we like violate the commandments continuously I do not believe, therefore, that we sheep have gone astray."(Isa. 53:6.) and intentionally, and of course they can bring into our classes or our serAnd then I remember this beautiful always leave doubt in the minds of mons views and doctrines which are

story of the Savior: others, with some disrespect for them not accepted and officially advocated by

themselves. the Church.

if think ye? a have hunan man How that believe not that in teacher I do seeds are the there any then And

of sheep, astray, dred and one be them gone disto right organization of the has teachers any our and are some by sown leave the he doth not nine, ninety and lesson the prescribed card organization, course our within preachers and own into goeth seeketh the mountains, and and its 'artisubstitute in doctrine, like place magazine to advance some new who is that astray? which gone

And if so be that he find it, verily I say or some new interpretation, or some cles, philosophical discussions, lectures, unto you, he rejoieeth more of that sheep, speculative theory, or advance someor any other extraneous matter.

than of the ninety and nine which went thing that is sensational, because to ad- I do not believe that we can bring astray. not or our into their classrooms to feed the sermons the sensational vance seems

it of will Father so your is not the Even of philosophies uninspired center the as they ego and doctrines inasmuch become little is of these in heaven, that one which of the world, discussion. of a no matter men how well 18:1214.) perish. (Matt. should ones

Most of our teachers and preachers educated they may be, and present them

The work of the Church is a work are wonderful. They teach the truth; as accepted truth.

of conversion. This has been well they bring about conversions in the I do not believe we should accept every

demonstrated by the testimonies and minds and hearts of those who listen theory advanced by men of science as the wonderful addresses which have to them. But there are these few. though it were true. These men change

been given here, and by the appeals teachers who sow seeds of doubt by their minds much too often for that.

which have been made for further conspeculative and unsound doctrines, and I do not believe we should bring versions. We seek for conversion of as they do so they "soften up,"to use into our classes and sermons the docourselves, of our children, and of all the army expression, some of their trines of other churches and teach them

truth. accepted listen will hearers over as might taken mankind later be who who to us—con-

I do not believe we should teach version to point the apostate where teachers we and by the come who they will be willing to accept the teachamong them. the doctrines of the BritishIsrael or

similar organizations, sensational though of the ings Lord and commandments is It full belief that whenever my be, they presenting to our may them following Savior our work by and them of of accepts a position us any any as people true. they though were says salvation. out the As our Lord in description the accept Church, we

I not believe do give should time we it is of will here, your the not "... it responsibility that of the along with

in classes to our aldiscussions of the is of in that heaven, Father one which it I office, be. believe whatsoever may leged interpretations of the measurelittle (Ibid., perish."these ones should if as position accepts person that a a

of the of a ments Great Egypt, Pyramid 18:14.) of or in organizations, teacher our one

fantastic as unreliable and so they often is all spite in of that the But work if of accepts the responsibility he are. of in in the the condone way Church pulpit, preaching the person such from

not believe I do accept should the we so version teaching, and and wonmuch responsibility accepts the goes which current that lost views the tribes ten is derful are there done, work some call. a reprethat with becomes He

in have the been found northern nareverse instances in people where go position. sentative of the that in Church tions of or that Europe, they have been fall accept they away. Sometimes and teacher thereEvery every preacher and

indexed, classified. named, and false false of leaders teachingsthe and is fore dutybound, accepting such upon

not believe I do that accept can astray. we teachers lead them who official a call, represent to the views

peculiar that notion the mythical it I asked myself Often have why doctrines to the of the and Church, and of the in reality Odin North was the is apostatize that people the from some official his teach those in doctrines of Savior the world performing his I truth. believed a never that have class or pulpit, the from with the one

the northern nations among of falls all at suddenly, once, person away is to work in that thought conversion mind or tribes. Europe the ten has a person thanany more who in of the about hearts those come who not believe I do give should life we all righteous his honestbeen and I listen to believe that not him. do

to credence the highly speculative out rob suddenly go and a bank.would to conversion the truth comes through

theories about of Book is geogMormon preparatoryThere done some work of halftruths the or teaching untruths.

raphy. advance.in "softeningThere is some classrooms our assembly Our and

leads to theup"I do not believe that there were two process which great at apostate rooms have expense been built condition. Big sins generally are prewith only one thought in mind, and Hill Cumorahs, one in Central America

ceded by little ones, and I believe that that is that in them we may teach the and the other one up in New York, for the of conveniencethis is true respect the Prophet with Joseph to people who truth so that those convert we may who

Smith, so that the truth. poor not the from boy wouldfall away so there, in that will they turn come

Seeds are sown, seeds of doubt, dislive the gospel and work out their salhave to walk clear to Central America belief, distrust, disrespect. These seeds vation in the earth. to get the gold plates.

are are watered; nurtured, they and I believe do not Latgood we can be I believe that the classrooms do not

finally fully they developed become Saints integrity the and question unor pulpits the are for terday of our Church til fruit. their evil they produce of Smith. Joseph laboratory to purposes experiin which

Who sows these seeds of doubt and ment with new doctrines and specula- I do not believe we can be good Latdistrust? They are sown in many ways. tive notions. They are exclusively for terday Saints and question the testi-

I might mention a few. the use of those who are willing to mony of the eleven witnesses of the

I have heard of a man who claims convert men and women and boys and Book of Mormon.

to be a very good Latterday Saint. He girls to the truth. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 423 trines and teachings of the Christ will

Mark E. Petersen continued save us without any additions by unauthorized persons.

I do not believe you have a testidoctrine not accepted by the Church, I do believe that the Lord has given mony of the truth if you question the we contribute to the spiritual delinto the Latterday Saints a fair amount accuracy of the translation of the Book quency of those whom we influence. of intelligence. I do believe that he

of Mormon. I do believe that whenever we by our expects us to use that intelligence in

I do not believe you have the facts acts or our teachings reflect discredit studying his revealed word and followor are being honest with yourself if upon the Church or its doctrines, we ing his prophets here on earth, so that you question the Manifesto as it apcontribute to the spiritual delinquency we will not be tossed about by every pears in the Doctrine and Covenants. of those about us. wind of doctrine.

I do not believe we should try to I do believe that God will hold us I do believe that he expects our establish our personal fads as Church accountable for every act and word by teachers and preachers to use the comdoctrine. I do not believe my eternal which we contribute to the spiritual mon sense he has given them to teach

salvation will be affected in any way delinquency of other people. the simple truth which saves, rather

if I eat white bread or white sugar. I I do believe that the President of the than the speculations and theories of

do not believe the doctrines of the Church is in very deed the mouthpiece men, which only confuse the mind and

Church are in any way involved in of God on earth, the prophet, seer, and lead some of our people right out of whether my whole wheat is stonerevel ator of the Lord, and that he and the Church.

ground or steelcut. he alone has the right and power to I do believe that by proper teaching

I do not believe we can be good give to the Church any new doctrines of the revealed truth we can convert

Christians, regardless of the denominaor new interpretations of existing docourselves and our children and all tion, if we refuse to believe that Jesus trines. others who are willing to listen to us.

Christ died on the cross. I do not be- I do believe that Jesus Christ is the I do believe that people are converted

lieve anyone can be a good Christian, Son of the Eternal God, Creator of to the truth only by the truth and not regardless of denomination, if he quesheaven and earth, that he died on the through the teaching of halftruths and tions the reality of the literal, physical cross and was resurrected the third day, untruths.

resurrection of Jesus Christ on the third literally and physically. I do believe that only in loyally

day after his crucifixion. I do believe positively that as we all teaching and living the true principles

I do not believe we can be good die, even so, through the power of Jesus of the gospel can we fulfil the reChristians of any denomination and the resurrected Christ, we, too, will litersponsibility which God has given us, reject the Old Testament. I do not ally and physically be resurrected. and this is my testimony in the name

believe we can be good Christians of I do believe that the revealed docof Jesus Christ. Amen.

any denomination and reject the epistles of the New Testament.

I do not believe we can be good Latter-day Saints, or that we are loyal to this Church, if we accept alleged revelations of men and women who claim to have received them for the membership of the Church when we know that the Lord designates the President of the Church as the only one on earth BOOK OF MORMON to whom he will reveal his mind for the Church at large. I do not believe that we can be good A GREAT

Latterday Saints or good Christians of any denomination and accept the teachings of some that death was a mistake, CONVERTER that it can be avoided, and that we can achieve immortality without passing through death, just by following the by Alma Sonne teachings, of prophet. some false Alma Sonne ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

believe I do not that we can ignore the teachings of the Savior when he said,,.. there shall be no disputations among BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I hope all movement which is going forward so

teachers in the Church you, as will rapidly today. The Prophet writes: there have hitherto been; neither MYthe

shall to available the splenthere them, be disputations have conyou among cerning the points of my doctrine, as there did discourse delivered by Elder Mark E. Having opened the meeting by solemn

have hitherto been. Petersen. I believe the spirit of the prayer to Our Heavenly Father, we proaccording to previous verily, I For verily commandment, say that you, unto he is in the world antiChrist rampant and ceeded,to call our brethren to on jhath spirit is of the whether know of contention not me,

itself before. asserting as never That they their accepted us is as of teachers is devil, in the but the father of is the who

of Christ places the Jesus Church upon things of the of Kingdom stirreth contention, God, whether and hearts the he and up of men to contend with anger, one with of Latterday Saints a great responsithey were satisfied that we should proceed another. (3 Nephi 11:2829.) bility because it is our mission to preach and be organized as a Church according to

Jesus Christ and him crucified. said commandment which we had received.

these several propositions To they consented believe the other hand, I do most of this On great conference In the Church a vote. by laid unanimous I then hands my if positively false bring that teachwe celebrating this at are two season we Oliver upon Cowdery, ordained and an him ings classes or into our do it. sermons as I see we events, Easter great The of Elder of the of Jesus "Church Christ

great for disservice, people our a resurrection time, we the commemorating after Saints,"Latterday which, he ordained confuse their minds, we make them of the Lord Jesus, and the organizame also to the office of an Elder of said doubt the truth when it is given to tion of the Church of Jesus Christ Church. We then took bread, blessed it,

them, and we "soften them up"for the of Latterday Saints on the 6th day of and brake it with them; also wine, blessed

it, it and laid drank them. with then attacks teachers of apostate We I who before 1830. come April, have me the

our of each individual hands on member them. among Smith, statement by Joseph made present, the the that rethey Church might

first relative to that organizaProphet, positively I do believe that whenever gift ceive of the the Ghost, Holy and be we teach any speculative notion or try tion meeting, where six humble men confirmed members of the Church of Christ.

to unravel any mystery, or advance any met together and initiated the great The Holy Ghost was poured out upon us 424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to a very great degree—some prophesied, and joined the Church to become one abroad except Wilford Woodruff and

whilst we all praised the Lord, and rejoiced of its outstanding missionaries. I read Ezra T. Benson. Their president, Orexceedingly. (D.H.C. 1:7778.) his testimony: "As I read, the Spirit of son Hyde, was in Kanesville, Iowa;

I his to P. Pratt the Parley me, Lord on was way upon was knew and

I tell brethren and you, not need my all his to the lands Chile, that mission the comprehended was book and was sisters, the that Church, commenced Pacific as true as plainly Orson the manifestly bordering Ocean; a and

beginning, grew a such humblewith States the Pratt on in that somewhere was knows comprehends and he man organization was prospered. and The

it exists. full, assoto his joy valley as the to were, become was way now My prophets, high Apostles,completed with

I of Deseret; ciated sufficiently rejoiced to the University and with than more

priests, teachers, elders, priests, seventies, for all sacrifices, France, in Boulogne, sorrows, the pay Taylor was me John It patriarchs, bishops. deacons, was and toils translatof life."publishing, and and "preaching, my thus earth thethe only on Church visitItaly, in ing"; was Lorenzo Snow his to P. the Pratt took book Parley callings these organized, though even

states; Erastus was Italian the Snow ing Pratt, a brother, then young Orson man the the priesthood existedin in Primihe where Denmark, in Copenhagen, like years age. the of He, nineteen tive Church.

of the translating Book Mormon; was a others, read the became book and given I account the in that observed presiding over Richards Franklin was D. in great the a convert Church. and power prothree important this of meetings headquarters British with Mission the the of stated presidents mission One first, printhe introduced: cedures were Liverpool, England; in Lyman Amasa twentyfive of yesterday that percent that consent of ciple no man common their were Charles C. Rich on way and in his converts the mission brought were the in the without preside Church can A. Pass; Smith to George the Cajon and into the through reading the Church second, of the consent membership; the of in Iron All presiding County. was it is of Surely, Book a powMormon. of the the of introduction sacrament

"to gospel the preaching were them It erful is It great book. converter. a approprivery Lord's supper which was peokindred, tongue and nation, every all read studied should be Latand by first of principle the ate the because

they could better evidence ple."it What Saints, terday for will strengthen is faith restored in gospel Jesus Lord the

integrity? sincerity their of and give their faith give courage and them and third, layof theChrist; ordinance and

of the leadership was best Church The to in go hope the forward great work gift for of of the theing on Holy hands valley, in where the here surely needed Lord. the is a of a person confirmedGhost when of great a foundations commonthe its very or, of beginning from the Church he Church, Themember when

cities, laid; towns, being wealth were this in forth is every dispensation refor has set apart, put ordained, or any

laid out being and villages were and it tell effort, to to the seems sponsibility me, world in the Church. beschools settled; were churches and restoration of gospel the the about this in and organized Church, manThe bridges were roads erected; and ing and

its of mission the the Smith, felt ner, Prophvery beginning Joseph has from construction. the paramount But under

et. to impression a This strong came impelling motive, with me urge—an then resting the Church upon obligation I force great as to epistle read to all the preach the an gospel in the world,

gospel and the preach to as was now of the of date to build under Church membersand God's kingdom up upon of the mission divine the proclaim to less 1851. April 7, earth. This fourthe than was

trethis In Smith. Prophet Joseph after years the pioneers entered the B. in ago, Hinckley's long Gordon Not of leaders the responsibility mendous Salt Valley. epistle I Lake The was read the thebook, Mormons?, of What diligent and been have the Church signed by Young, Brigham of Heber C. Smith'sdramatic account Samuel H. the given be determined. we May in Kimball, region themissionary journey near and Richards, Willard and to continue understanding faith the and

first It his the probably was home. addressed to the was scattered "Saints disenterprise thus this great and in

this inmissionary undertaking dispenthe throughout earth."resting obligation upthe solemn charge

sation. years nineteen old was Samuel

I epistle all I that learned that of in from the pray all Jesus us, of name on of a brother Prophet theand Joseph of Christ. the Apostles then Amen. Twelve were carried of copiesSmith. with him He

the Book of Mormon in a knapsack thrown over his shoulders. After walking twentyfive miles the first day he

was refused lodging by the innkeeper.

Continuing his journey the next day he called on Reverend John P. Greene,

minister. Reverend Methodista Greene Need

toaccepted but refused buy it. F#i% a book

During his absence while visiting his circuit, however, his wife read the book, ofand like many others, was deeply impressed. Mrs. Greene urged her husband to read the book. "This he did, andas a result both joined the Church. Missionaries

Samuel H. Smith returned from his

feeling discouraged,mission, somewhat failed. to by S. Dilworth Youngthat he had But, unknown

him, the book had fallen into the hands S. Dilworth Young OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

of Brigham Young. He read it and

began to investigate Mormonism. He

did so for two years, and then he, too, the Spirit of the Holy Ghost, about time because of this Spirit. I am gratejoined the Church. Samuel H. Smith's whom my fellow council member ful to have a testimony which speaks

this a failure. that morning,mission I to indeed resurso he had not been was spoke movingly my heart The By

I resurrection, of rected. that and others,book distributed odd Because nineteen the hundred bridge by him can

also fell into the hands of Dr. Willard years between our day and the time of may have hope, hope for eternal life.

Richards of Boston, Massachusetts, who, our beloved Lord. By that Spirit I can So also may I enjoy the feeling and

when he had read the first page, rego with him as he walked the hills of knowledge of how my brethren felt marked; "Either God or the devil wrote Judea; I can follow him to the cross; when they heard that on that immortal

that book."When he finished the I can hear the discussion at Emmaus day 133 years ago, a new prophet was

book, he concluded it had come from and can enjoy the perfect love for him in the earth, and that he indeed had

God, and he, also, joined the Church. which his disciples felt after his resurseen his Redeemer and had been told

Later, the volume was read by Parrection. That event we celebrate today. that through him, he being faithful,

ley P. Pratt, a minister in the CampbellWhile the distance in time through the would come the restoration of the everite Church. He was similarly impressed years has been long, it seems but a short (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 425 tion themselves or their folks ought to

S. Dilworth Young Continued help them, too. But we can take care

of the difference easily.

lasting gospel. By the Spirit the vision enough faith to know that in the Lord's everyIt occurredstake thereto meareonebetweentime thateightin

opens. the way work real. veryof becomes that day families. twelve hundred hundred and

so to you, I recount I shall think becomfortable, I in stake, sit of here today, said one to the members We beothers overlook will not that you of if because of events those conference, and quarterly acause you "Why, experience sons, had sides an widows'of them. acceptance And belief week, to only a oneour and movie you went

colaborers, which was of our one by I is Easter, wonder difference, this to day, able save the which beon would

I ago. hope days to a few related me think future. atcan of the usually the movies from two younow, what We

it. for mentioning forgive will me he it; our little but enjoy past; frontof tend."can the the row boy on we One

pulpit this one from Grant, President futhat us, said, "I to three."future and go piped depends upon and up

missionto invited become time, men is intend inture Staying what a from a week, bound movie up we away too, that effect, said, in aries, and to this gospel itto for preaching possible stake about every do would make presidents stake exclude not did that of earth. this thethe in nations to supply anywhere Church

brethof these bishops. one And and eight to of from foreignthose twelve I yesterday, heard hear, as you Did said and ren, a bishop, went home ours, of speaking members and no harm a numthat had we statementthe made I that must guess himself, "Well, to done. be would missionthousand over slightlyber two I the bishop, and a me. am mean I to in used organization work an it, ago so I or year a recallaries? As said bishof the President Church

Its builds character in boys. which gap six thousand. That overthere were a excluded."had not were He ops

is object to things, main have do them I personally, can filled. beshould And prosperous children, of a several family repeated, times in to order learn. many filled. it not be should reasonsee no why it aside laid business, but he growing a tried motto had to which we We the to catch up power the withThe men gone a mission accepted and was and instil into It those boys. reads, a "Do sit under this Tabernacle innumber gospel, the several preaching months, turn daily,"good idea the being that of the of Presidency direction thethe of the prophet the thought because he if it a does boy every will day he soon shall of the ward bishop TheChurch. personally. him, Lord meant

it. have the of habit doing thinks mightcall people he who upon himself. to that took The he Now, actual builders of The the characters stake the missions; to go able onbe at finger his point him, did prophet not of children your are not the organithen will interview andpresident them it to applied the but hearing he word zations, but parents: you you can the to Genapplications their onpass it I to himself. think apply must we build into your children whatever you Authorities.eral If ourselves, not obtain now. can we to. want you your Do children want from thing, hard a boys, can't twentyyear-old have not be It should we to become missionaryminded? you Do four find to If wards, thirtyyear-old have some fifteen hundred we men? to want believe them they to ought be for is each three It only seventies, or eighteen so people. could thousandthousand missionaries when they grow up? Then of days In the find four of average. not the thousand them? we on ward have do things them will which now mission- I see are believe two poverty, minute men. you can They we our bring to their the minds of our work reason less apparent can. aries, had who missionary system.

starting have, faith than we to of course, And, have the Presidency have I suggest May something? You been they had which mission a out several out pointed times, hearing, on in my do not your this boys farmers—why off in fill go in They England? to told that foreign in the misdo have we year have one of row potatoes which, the to stand. able hardly fields On sion a wagon, able already people can who when harvested fall, next will given be

is felling brother a meet they who the speak languages, way ready willing and to the missionary of fund the Church?

I not does suppose he barefooted. trees, serve. to thing that can one They do is harm done; is No hurt. nobody You does it he barefooted, but to is, do want can't interpret do; that which we beet farmers, not of why one row beets "I says, have shoes. any to not He have beliefs the of people in our terms your boys and girls your can harvest,

is a here you, but give to nothing that language. to are unable They let and that portion apply? You men I, in our way modern purse."and You go because they to the have not way raise hay, who not why a quarter or say, "Well, at things, might of looking finance themselves. half an acre dedicated to the Finnish they is purse?"of But a the I good what Presifinanced. they can be know Mission? You sheep men, have your

it on. go and take thank and A him last dent that suggested night McKay child raise a lamb, it dedicated, when road, little meet they the farther along partially they should financed, bebe is fattened killed, and to one of the povertystricken, one, equally another cause to they contribuought some make missions. German

"I says, nothing poor. have equally He

folk You in tree, nut have?"give to you you; what do California—one much one tree, orange your children dedicating says, of speaks and up one them And

it and talking it about and picking the I purse.""Good, a have "Well, we fruit, saying all the while, is for "This purse."in that to put dollar a have the missionary system."is Nobody dollar. his only gives so them he And harmed; your income has not shrunk; later, said "From of those men One and is the fund increased to where we never purse on, that was that moment can actually the do business. I I take from could needed, As empty.

Yes, and folk in you it necessary."the that was which cities—the

last can another year; suit of the lot to interview, occacar It befalls my

sionally, missionaries, in the days of our clothes can go another year; desserts

prosperity. A few weeks ago I had a served less often; a bottle on the pantry

young man come into the office to be shelf labeled "missionary fund"and interviewed. I said to him in the course the trick is done, and the children are

of the conversation, "Who is going to conscious of it. We then have back

support you on this mission?"again our six thousand missionaries,

too. of more, and In the time our

said, mother."he "My And

it. poverty could do cannot we Why alive?"I father "Is said, your

it in of prosperity? the time do our we

sir, is dead."he "No,

is little so in poverty There the Church. it?"do your mother "Can

is so prosperity. There much cannot, said, but she will.""She He

There is no doubt in my mind that May the Spirit of the Lord dictate she will. to each of us our place, our duty, and

Many of the boys who go out, go our responsibility, I humbly ask, in the out that way, because somebody has name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He that receiveth my Father receiveth my Father's kingdom: therefore all that my

Father hath shall be given unto him. Security Found (D. & C. 84:38.)

The security in the gospel to the brethren of the Church is the kind of security that cannot be found anywhere

It of else is the kind in the world. In Living security underthat does not the world

stand. This security is given to the

brethren of the Church who hold the

Holy Priesthood of God, the power delegated to man to act in the name in of the place Father our and in here the in the earth upon The Gospel Thorpe B. Isaacson heaven

building up of his kingdom. The power

of the priesthood is the greatest power and the greatest force on the face of by Thorpe B. Isaacson the earth. Talk about real security!

will be with the keep us That if we OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC if of the Lord, commandments and we keep the covenants that we have made with the Lord.

President McKay, President Richards, true feeling of security is a wonderful There is a security that comes <to all who is following the conference on feeling, but there is a great deal more members of the Church who have retelevision, whom we miss very much, to security than just the longing for ceived the great Comforter spoken of

President Clark, and my dear brothers it. We make our own security in a by Elder Bruce R. McConkie this mornand sisters: I enjoy very much listening large degree, at least we should, both ing, the power and the gift of the Holy

to the sermons of the Brethren. They spiritually and temporally. Ghost. And the Lord said regarding

build to They me. that me comforting are great Comforter, in incidents the Sometimes happen

testimony. in faith in and my up my lives of disturb that them, and men

I will of the pray Father, shall And every he Brethren, I one and these love irritated, they they then and become may give another you Comforter, that I he daily, as may for I pray them them. start fault, finding then and may for ever: abide with you to pray of of you beg and beg them critical, before long they and become Spirit of the truth; the Even world whom humble, of the most for one me,

it bitter, at receive, cannot because they seeth not, that become and may him

I these I you. believe, know among neither knoweth ye but him; him; life. finest know lose in time things the we

of Lord. the servants are true formen shall in dwelleth you, he with be and is at ease. the not True, world have We times I to that 14:1617.) you. testimony many bear you (John for at of tension been high a number

inspirafelt the I witnessed and have years. great changes. seen have We We this type of the to Church high As them members when tion come from on just finished bitter political very have a

is that of it. security I type the the of security little I from expected came campaign. has prejudice There debeen

everlasting. brethwill these enduring and to be with business meet world velop, misunderstandings develop, but

I the in perfection didn't expect strangers, not must practically ren, and We it is best that entirely. forget we them

as ourselves do fellow love because other it to possible we men wasknow of security to the the Real members as perfection. be give might more not I and to love them, learned have We of of Latterday Christ Jesus Church

I Yes, another. tolerant one pray another. may with we I love one they know will to as us Saints individuals come differences, have right should attitude but our I have the we havethat might of living of the the the through gospel faith I in this ourfaith fellow in our spirit men; occupy while right theand Christ. are gospel In Jesus the Lord

assofaith friends selves; in I our receive the and that can so position,

of of truth, the laws the found laws all, ciates; faith in our above his sustaining and God of and the Lord favor

if live principles mankind, the and we in I his Father grateJesus Eternal Son, shall and power. be influence and of gospel, the security the that men faith Savior the of in Christ; interest mission in the if I have an ful to can you desire security seek that the and men crucified I Calvary. was on because prayers who know faith andyour

If will of to us. are one each come we I of of that, the Lord, and talk blessingsI wonder the need we When careful, living not however, these under

suffor kindgreat to of yourI the grateful to will stop think you be whether we particular atthis times under and love. through to cooperation, your willing go andness, fering your was that He mosphere, lose of track of we some may espeexperience, misis the faith in frightening us. for have should a This We life, finer the things of allow and somethe spirit here today of for mankind,cially of me. the sion The Redeemer us. to one mislead develop may We It mission faith the in uphas beautiful. been of world; the Savior beenhas prejudices. off led true the be may We truly spirit an of brotherhood, lifting, and Smith, the of Prophet the Joseph

is course. this of Spirit of the None

all bring- I in of that sure love. in spirit of the handsthe instrument God am

is Lord. the of this gospel the None this should that gospel restored today, children on the forthof our ing young of the is It spirit Christ. Lord Jesus the

tolerant, lives Easter, of enjoyed sweeter, haveparticular more our day make of the adversary, working the upon isn't little it any grandson considerate. There means. ownwhat more and My hearts and minds of to souls and men

I us teaches leaving, only that just as gospel at in the teaching wascame noon discourage to them, cause to confusion, to be Easter are factfive taught of in bitterness; age, years some but he had we create antagonism and misunderstand-

I said, are forgiving understandthosethings, tolerant and and "What and ings one other. the toward

it's be said, Spirit of ing. the can Lordthings, Bodie?""O, he And The

Easter for my Jesus."How grateful In the gospel of Jesus Christ is found found in our own hearts. IE we are out

we should be for that kind of lesson the complete law of happiness—the laws of harmony with the Lord, our spiritual

that is taught to the youth of this that govern our daily lives, the laws wellbeing is not in accordance with the

Church. that we can follow without any hesitawishes of the Lord.

There are problems in life that come tion or without any misgivings. As Yes, men may have their differences

to all of us. The day and age in which members of the Church, we need no and often do, but these differences can

we live has brought forth some new security other than the gospel. If we all be settled if men will go about settheories, new standards, and there is a live it, there will come to all of us tling those differences as the gospel

feeling that we should perhaps be more everything that we may need and everyhas prescribed the brethren of the concerned about the word security than thing that we may desire, for the Lord Church to do. The Lord said,

about other things in life. Now the has said, (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 427 know that Joseph Smith and Brigkam

Thorpe B. Isaacson Continued Young were true prophets of God. I

know it by the dictates of the Holy

Spirit gift the the by and power and is that you, whosoever I say unto But in inactive the other have I become all the that Ghost. Holy know shall his in brother danger with beangry

I to bear Church, and you want my theof Presidencies Apostles that and from shall hisof say whosoever judgment. And

I these testimony that seen have men this to time of called have God, been calling the his brother,to Raca, [meaning of angry names] shall be in danger of the literally changed. I want to tell you and divinely called, and that they are

council; and whosoever shall say, Thou fool, that when the gospel of the Lord Jesus inspired each day of their lives. I know

shall be in danger of hell fire. Christ touches the souls of men, they that President David O. McKay is a

if shall or unto ye Therefore, me, come real, are into transformed servhumble true, living prophet that of God, and desire toshall unto and me, rememcome is his in ants work. he when man receive inspiration No he does revelaand against brother aught that hath thy

resist prayerful and the humble can tion high, that from on the Lord andthee—berest

if Spirit of the will Lord he put himreveals his will to the that and him first brother, unto thy thy and way Go be reconciled to thy brother, and then come self in tune with communication with Lord has protected him as though in unto me with full purpose of heart, and the Spirit of the Lord. And as the the hollow of his hand.

I will receive you. (3 Nephi 12:2224.) poem states from Boubar May we keep the covenants that we

It the Lord. with made is my follow only brethren, Great can Oh, Master, touch us with thy skilful have if we

that testimony there enduring is no hand. difour principle havethat when we

ferences, they would fade away as the Let not the music that is within us die. security other than the gospel of the

Christ. sculptor, security Lord will us, This polish Great Jesus and hew in sunshine. thesnow

let lost hidden thy form and within Nor this hearts; comfort security our will times doctrines taught in early The lie. us souls. sustain grant our that we God principles. truths realare and Time the stroke, as Spare not us with Do faithful, that remain keep thou may we may their well and with them,has worn wilt,

lines the of so communication open firmly beforevictory world. there the stands or unfinished Let marred. be not

alone in that not of time need, but thy purpose for in Complete that we may become security sought thatThe men every lives day of our can humble we image, thy perfect that affordedearly the by years was blessing of opportunity. For thou art God, our Lord. ourselves, as Brother Christiansen talked

about yesterday, that we can go to the

The liberty of man may be circumscribed, I know that Joseph Smith is a prophLord, that we will not have to face his hands and his legs may be chained, et of God. I am grateful for the misthe problems of life alone. Our big

as tortured, his long but be bodyand may brother, of his sion Oh, Hyrum. is what to problem ourselves keep in tune

is free to hisas with soul God, commune elder to brother a brother! An Spirit the with of the the so Lord that we enslaved really any will by become neverhe lesson Prophet. a could preach he What can dictates hear the us which prompt force.destructive

all of brethren to the the Church, through the gift power the and of the their have the had in Kremlin who Men

I families. brothers, in stayed mean, I He this Holy Ghost; for Asia praysatellites have been in humbly in and Europe

unable to date to permanently purge rewith the Prophet until his death. I the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ligion from their borders, and they will never purge the belief in God from the souls of men.

May we have the true Spirit of the

Christ. May we remain faithful. We

or anpermit uneasinessshould never The Faith of a our or bitterness to come intotagonism souls. We must not judge too harshly

unless we ourselves bear the mark of perfection. Talking to the young people about CHILD

that word security that we read so much about, an educator recently informed me completed that he hadof a survey of by Matthew Cowley see to exactly what of seniorsa group was foremost in their minds, and he OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE asked them about twenty practical quesMatthew Cowley tions as to what was really their greatest concern. He asked them whether they

wanted to start in business and work their way up, or whether they wanted would like very much to welcome in, and so I am going to talk about to go into the government service, or my friends who have come from my little friend, my little friend, Joe, whether they wanted to render social I faroff Hawaii, to this conference, who is in the polio ward of the county service, or missionary service, what they Aloha mai, aloha nui loa. hospital.

thought of their fellow men, what they Yesterday morning, had I been called A few weeks ago I went with a young thought of opportunities and security, upon to speak, I would have attempted bishop to visit Joe. I did not know

and to his surprise, a large group of to speak about the integrity of the how old he was, I could not see how those young men interviewed listed the home. Had I been called upon yesterlarge he was, all I could see was his

thing that was uppermost in their minds day afternoon, I would have talked about head protruding from an iron lung. He

was that of security. They were not this nation under God. Had I been was unconscious. He was afflicted with

concerned too much about opportunity, called upon last night in priesthood polio and double pneumonia. When

and yet in this land, men have prayed meeting, I would have urged the we went in, the nurse placed robes on that we would have opportunity, and brethren to keep in training with reus, and we had to put masks over our we have been blessed abundantly with spect to the priesthood which they hold. faces. We prayed over little Joe. Two

opportunities. Our grandparents never Had I been called upon this morning, weeks later we called again at the

thought of that word temporal security. I would have talked about John the hospital and asked if we could see the

They were willing to make their own. Baptist who was the forerunner of little lad. The nurse said, "yes,"and

All they desired and prayed for was Christ, whose resurrection we comwhen she called him, he came running the opportunity to do so. memorate this day. But I was told this up the hall to meet us.

My association and some of my asmorning that an inquiry had been made I said, "Do you know who I am?"

signments have brought me in contact about when I was going to speak so He replied, "Are you Brother Cowley?"

with fine men who for some reason or that a little friend of mine could listen I said, "Yes."He then said, "I was

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unconscious when you came before, There must not only be flowers from God bless the eightyear-olds of this wasn't I?""You certainly were,"I said, the Moose Lodge, but there must also Church, those who have been baptized.

and then he replied, "No wonder I don't be flowers from the ward to which she When you were baptized, Joe, you were recognize you."belongs. not sprinkled; water was not poured

He took us into his room, and lying I also have another friend about upon you; but you, like the Master, to

in an adjoining bed to his was another whom I am thinking. She is not in commence to fulfil all righteousness,

young chap, twice the age of Joe. And the hospital. She is at a home. Her were taken down into the water; and

after visiting for awhile, we were about limbs are rigid. She cannot use her you were immersed; and now yours is

to go when little Joe said, "Wait a minhands. She cannot walk. Her eyeballs the opportunity to follow in the footute, don't forget my partner."I said, appear to be frozen in their sockets. steps of your Savior and be like unto

"What do you mean?"And he said, She has been that way for twentyfive him.

her, I call and yet on when over pray partner,"You then years, and my friend, bless you, young God my tries tries to; or she laughs, she for thankhe can a prayer you the same of of priesthood the the power to with

joke; asks dance. she to take her to aas I did."me his Spirit that heaven. may God grant

I so, talking to you. Joe And I am with your and with you And be and abide so we turned to his companion,

a young lad sixteen years of age, stricken hope you are listening. There are partners down there in that polio ward.

with polio, and he said, "I would like a many others like you, and we remember Thank your doctors and your nurses too. them, the not time have may We Iblessing. so for so are kind they a teacher and me, in the Aaronic who am

I call often. to others must know who the inPriesthood so gentle about concerned so ward."and And my we

I forgotten. not thinking be Oh, amblessed of restoration your to Joe's health partner. you and later weeks Two

sisters of floor live the the on top who called companions. again. visit back thiswe On

of the Building, Constitution here overlittle rather sad, Joe was asked and we rely But, to your continue Joe, upon Street. of Main near on them Some the matter. said, what "Ihim was He be, results the God. Whatever may ninety, unto get out, cannot but who lonely. I shouldn'tam Maybe have of are of the heaven. kingdom you God love the appreciate Church, who whoasked to bless partner. you got my He all faith, that grant your have may we blessings the of the priesthood, andwell too soon and has gone home."

I Christ. of in pray, the Jesus for are name for praying me, you who and little is Well, listening Joe probably

in, and maybe he can see me on televiand for the brethren of this Church. Amen.

sion as I speak, so I want to say to you, little Joe, we are thinking about you.

We are praying for you. We have been

told here by the great leaders of this

Church that we should have a simple faith. Christ himself says that we

should have faith like yours, the faith of a little child, and unless we have your faith, we cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. Joe, you are of the kingdom

of heaven because yours is a faith which has not been tarnished by learning, by the wisdom of men. It is simple. And

there are many of your companions down there with you. We are thinking of

them. There are the little Joes and

the little Janes who are there, some in iron lungs and some on rocking beds, some being fed with a spoon. We are

thinking about them, and I know, my little friend, that your faith can do much to make them whole. And over

in the other ward there are others, adults, those who are old enough to be your parents, who are reaching out for help because they feel that medical science may fail. And with your faith

they can know that when medical science has to lay the burden down, the power and priesthood of God can pick that burden up and restore them to health and strength.

Up there in another ward of that hospital there is another sweet friend of mine. She is almost ninetythree years

of age, still clear in her mind. I visited

her on one of her birthdays, and at the side of her bed was a little vase of flowers.

I read the card, "Many happy returns of the day from the Moose Lodge."She

did not know anything about the Moose

Lodge. All she knew about was the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. All she knew about was the

years that she had spent in the temple of God, saying as the Master said to that thief upon the cross, "Today shalt thou be with me,"(Luke 23:43) as she

worked for the dead.

Joe, remind me that I must not—From a painting by B. Plockhorst

forget her birthday this coming July. "Suffer Little Children to Come unto Me"

JUNE 1953 429 and livestock were not marketable. So,

in order to solve the problem, the President of the Church and his associates gave consideration to several solutions.

the Lords tenth wouldFinallygrowit wasin thisdecidedarea.thatThesugarclimatebeets

was right, and out of it there were established sugar factories that our farmers might have channels through by Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin which their products could be sold,

and where, in return, they might reOF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC ceive cash income.

With reference to the establishment of the sugar industry, there was inJoseph L. Wirthlin spiration in it. President Woodruff

made it a matter of prayer, and when he had a positive attitude toward the sincerely trust, my brethren and I should like to discuss for a moment establishing of the sugar industry, there sisters, that I might enjoy the inthe commercial income of the Church. came to him light. When his attitude

I spiration of the fine, sweet spirit There are many people who are curious was negative, all was dark. There is

that has inspired the previous speakers. about it. Certain groups speculate as no question but what the prophet of

It is a glorious honor and distinction to what the wealth of the Church is, the Lord was inspired and directed in to hold membership in the Church of what its investments are, as to what establishing the sugar industry to the the Lord Jesus Christ. the amount of the commercial income end that our farmers might produce a

Through the restoration of the Church might be. crop which would bring to them a cash

and its establishment upon the earth, The commercial income of the Church return.

a part of the kingdom of heaven is upon provides funds to carry on the operaThe Church never was and is not the the earth to prepare men for the second tion of the Church for approximately sole owner of the sugar industry, today, coming of the Prince of Peace, and fifteen days out of the year, so you can as there are hundreds of other sharehence, this great organization is one readily see that it is an infinitesimal part holders.

of divine government. of the funds that are needed to finance The question is asked: "Why are we

Brigham Young declared that the the program of the Church, particularly in the radio and television business?"

priesthood of the Son of God which we in view of the fact, as was stated yesterSolely for the purpose that the voice have in our midst is a perfect order and day morning, in the financial statement of the Church might be heard over the system of government, and this alone of the Church, some twentythree milair. I am sure our interest in the radio

can deliver the human family from all lions were expended from tithing funds business has more than paid us many the evils which now afflict its members for various purposes. dividends in the opportunity provided

and insure them of happiness hereafter. Out of the question of commercial inby the Sunday morning broadcasts of

One of the grand and glorious blesscome, the question arises, "Why is the our great choir, and the fine sermons ings of this great priesthood governChurch in business?"of Elder Richard L. Evans, which are

ment is the fact that every man and We are in business to some extent heard by millions of people, and in adyoung man who holds the priesthood of because in the early days of the Church dition, the broadcasting of general conGod, if he will fill his assignments it was necessary for this organization to ference.

rendering the service that is required help establish industry; for example, in I have met many people not of our

of him, becomes an officer in the priestthe days of President Brigham Young, faith who have declared: "My church

hood government of the Lord Jesus most of the retailing of merchandise was is the Sunday morning broadcast of the

Christ. controlled by those not of our faith. great Tabernacle Choir and the sermon

The priesthood government of the Exorbitant prices were charged. To of Richard L. Evans."

Lord Jesus Christ is comparable in many solve the problem, a great mercantile It is true that the Church is interrespects to civil government. It has institution was established for the sole ested in some real estate, most of which

various departments. There is a depurpose of selling merchandise to our surrounds this block, purchased for the

partment of education, a department of people at a fair and equitable price. sole purpose of protecting the temple

health, a department of recreation and At the same time, there was estabblock from business that would be culture, a welfare department, a judiciary lished what was known as mercantile derogatory to the atmosphere and the department, and a finance department. coops. There was the Eleventh Ward spirit of the house of the Lord.

So, without going into detail with Coop established on the corner of First The Church has some interests in reference to all of these departments South and Seventh East; the Tenth ranching projects which have grown

and their various functions, I should like Ward Coop established on Eighth East largely out of colonization projects, to talk to you for a moment about the and Fourth South; the Twentieth Ward particularly in Canada and Mexico.

finance department of the priesthood Coop on the corner of Fifth East and A large ranch was purchased in Cangovernment of the Lord Jesus Christ. South Temple. These coops were also ada; parts of it were sold to our people

There stands at its head the prophet, established throughout the settlements who settled there; and out it there was

revelator, and seer of the Lord Jesus of the state for the sole purpose of left a large tract which was open doChrist. He directs the great finance deproviding merchandise for our people at main whereon people ran their cattle

partment of this government. The Prethe right price. for years; later it was fenced. Sheep

siding Bishopric are fiscal agents of the The Church, to some extent, is still and cattle were placed upon this ranch,

First Presidency, and the many bishops interested in these pioneer enterprises. and out of its earnings, the ranch operaand presidencies of independent branches In the great mercantile institution estion has been expanded, and the diviwho receive the finances of the finance tablished by Brigham Young and his dends returned from this operation have

department are agents, too, and, under associates, the Church still has a been spent in the erection of chapels the direction of the First Presidency minority interest. There are literally in Canada, and paying some of the

and various committees, disburse the hundreds of others holding shares in maintenance expense of the Church in same as the needs of the Church dethis great institution. that part of the Lord's vineyard.

mand. We are asked the question: "Why are So the matter of our commercial inThe sources of income for the finance we in the sugar business?"We are in come should not be one of great curidepartment are four: the sugar business because of the fact osity nor speculation, for as I have indiThe first is tithing in cash; the second that in the days of Wilford Woodruff, cated, it is but an infinitesimal part of

is tithes in kind; the third is fast offerthose who were engaged in the field of the funds needed to finance the priestings; and the fourth, commercial inagriculture had difficulty in disposing of hood government of the Lord Jesus

come of the Church. the kind of crops produced. Hay, grain, Christ.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The bulk of Church income is deAnd I say unto you, if my people obof the Church who is trusteein-trust;

rived from tithing, based upon the serve not this law, to keep it holy, and the Presiding Bishopric, and all of the sanctify of by this the law land Zion unto faith the testimony and of the bishoprics memberin wards, the and who preside that statutes and judgments my my ship of the true It thrills Church. preside presidencies branch over who it kept be thereon, that me me,may be most may as I travel over the see Church and the all branches. the the a Once month holy, I behold, verily it shall say unto you, lovely meetinghouses that have tithes been received bishoprics the by ward not a land be you. unto of Zion

erected, the cost of which is paid partly and the branch presidencies are forfrom the tithes, and the other part from The land of Zion is where the Spirit warded to the office of the Presiding the contributions of the people. of God can be found in rich abundance. Bishopric in full; the bishoprics and

I do not believe that I would be conIt is a place where we may enjoy peace, the branch presidencies do not retain tradicted if I were to make the statebrotherly love, and the temporal blessany of the tithing. The tithing is acment today that of all the religious ings needed to sustain life. companied by duplicate receipts of the

organizations in the world, this Church I think of the time when the great receipts issued to the donors. In the

at the moment is erecting more places pioneer prophet Brigham Young on comoffice of the Presiding Bishopric a perin which to worship God than any other ing into the valley declared we blessed sonal tithing account has been set up religious organization. the land and dedicated it to the end for each donor. At the end of each

The tithes in kind amount to little. that it would be productive enough to three months of the year there is reThere are a few cases where individuals take care of all who come into the turned to the bishoprics of the Church

pay their tithing in crops or livestock, valley. Said he, "All of these blessings a tithing statement drawn up in the

and these are immediately converted into are contingent upon our obedience."office of the Presiding Bishopric listing

cash, and forwarded to the office of the Since the days of Brigham Young after all who have paid tithing during that

Presiding Bishopric. he dedicated the land that it would be period and the amount. By this arfruitful, of literally bishoprics the the rangement, ward hundreds of thousands

is equitable a just Tithing an and of tithepayer a record into people have each have what come Brigham what are that law. amount we The for of desert, three the as a has paid any wildermonths asked Youngof a barren saw

tithe fixed as the to a Lord was by pay it for year, ness, or year rose; the whole as makes which and the blooms now

direction to his revelation through and it at tithing possible time of settlement of hundreds and thousands people is principle that servants. Tithing a for receive for to tithepayer the are provided from each of care as taken and

itself. as is as old the Lord's work far tithes paid. of as their record personal a are bishop temporal needs conWe read of Abraham who went to cerned. All tithing received by the Presiding

the high priest, Melchizedek, to render The Lord revealed in the Doctrine Bishopric is transferred in full to the unto the Lord a tithe or onetenth of and Covenants, section 85, verse 3, First Presidency.

Jacob Isaac herds. and crops his and integrity of on shining example The

is It will to contrary the and commandthe through follow tithes. As you paid handle of brethren part the who

of receive that those not the ment God who it prophets, was ancient of the history the branches tithes in the wards and the their inheritance agreeconsecration, by the Lord financial which by law I the is parallel. without the of Church his able to law, given, he that has which

earth. the his work upon financed will if civil you in government doubt tithe his people, to he prepare them may

In the days of the Savior, tithing was against the day of vengeance and burning, ever find a record of integrity comparaused to finance the work of the Lord. should have their names enrolled with ble to that which we find in the priestBut, if you compare tithing with the the people of God. hood government of the Lord Jesus

Christ. tithing land, of the tax you laws

difficulty, in these of days bloodAnd is asked, often question "How The one's of is fixed a amount income—tenfind shed, tithed a people and according war for is plan disbursed?"tithing the The less. or percent, no more no

this to promise their should have names is 120th the in found disbursement are tax laws the government, civil In enrolled of the with people and God Covenants of the Doctrine and section flexible upward. usually flexible, and the enjoy protection will promised that is as follows: and paid taxes tax, and income averageThe obedience. through come

this country of is citizen ordinary time the Lord, the saith the thus Verily,by is times the question many How perthirty-five tithing] it the of [speaking thirty that and come, between nowrun is asked, tithe?"a very "What The council, composed of are a there disposed shall by be and income, total his ofcent

itself tithe onetenth. denotes word A and of Church, Presidency First of the my could individual an in cases whichsome is of full earner's onetenth the wage his council, by and bishop and the of my his of percent as ninety as muchpay is unto voice tithe of the income. council; onetenth by mine own and high A government. the finance toincome

... Lord. saith the them, professional tithe net income. man's A governpriesthood the in However, is of inthe onetenth businessman's net

Christ, the this revelaLord Jesus of the with in compliance soment And is tithe of the onetenth come. A

percent, is ten for requirement Council tion, council a called "Themaximum farmer's net income, also onetenth and whether it be from the widow's mite of the produce used by the farmer to the Disbursement of Tithing,"composed or from the rich man's income. sustain his family which is a just and of the First Presidency, the Council of

Brigham Young said: equitable requirement, as others purthe Twelve, and the Presiding Bishopthe organized, ric under and has been of their food out chase such income tenth. their A pay should Everybody disfor the this council of direction is for to families. their as provide needed chicken, tenth her to pay oughtpoor woman of tithing there been has bursement is of tithe dividends onetenth the its A value times ten out to if draw has she committee composed budget organized a is tithe derived investments. from... Brigham (Discourses A of support.for her

of the of of Council the members two less of net insurance onetenth 178.) edition, income 1943Young,

premiums if tithing has been paid on Twelve and a member of the Presiding tax if the civil year government the budget Bishopric. comIn Each laws the follow the premiums. May we

certain are to, there of financial needs adhered analyzes the mitteeare not admonition Young: of Brigham

inflicted, fines and that are of thepenalties various departments Chureh the to tithing ask not anyone pay We do in the priesthood of eliminating Butimprisonment. of view the point from so, to disposed are unless but if they do

government of the Lord Jesus Christ you pretend t pay tithing, pay it like an unnecessary expenditures. The budget,

the matter of tithing comes as a volunhonest man. (Discourses of Brigham Young, when compiled, is presented to the countary contribution. If there are any 1943 edition, 177.) cil for the disbursement of tithing, where

penalties involved, and there are, they again the First Presidency and the are selfinflicted because if we refuse May we meet our tithing obligations members of the council analyze the to obey the commandments of the Lord fully and therefrom derive the promised budget very carefully to assure themwe deny ourselves the blessings of blessings both spiritual and temporal. selves of no extravagant spending, and

heaven. The Lord made it perfectly As to the handling of tithing, acunder the direction of this council for

clear in the 119th section of the Doctrine cording to the revelations, the following the disbursement of tithing there is anand Covenants, the 6th verse, wherein officers of the priesthood government of other committee called "The Expendihe said, the Lord are responsible: the President (Centinued on following page)

JUNE 1953 431 you and me to meet this divine comJoseph L Wirthlin continued mandment and out of which comes spiritual understanding, and that greatly ture Committee"of the Church who are The Lord promised us that he would needed virtue to be honest with our authorized to approve expenditures as bless the obedient with the necessities Father in heaven, honest with ourselves, they are required by the departments of of life. He will bless us with the inand honest with our fellow men.

the Church. This committee meets once spiration to wisely handle our income Happiness comes, and full fellowship

a week. It is composed of the First and use it in a thrifty way to the end in that we enjoy the association of our

Presidency, three members of the that we will be able to meet our obligaHeavenly Father's Holy Spirit. These

Twelve, and the Presiding Bishopric. tions. are rewards of which Malachi spoke.

And over the fifteen years that I have In many wards of the Church where Brigham Young declared:

privilege the ofhad a being member construction, of are in course the of chapels willing will be If religion live our we wethis I committee, inspired have been are paid paying have and members are our own, tithing. not we more to pay We thrilled carefuland the by appropriating previously, tithing than they had which Lord's; price, are the a with are we bought

funds. Civilof Church government directly, that the Lord silver, is an evidence gold talents, our and our time, our

could well afford to follow the example and through the inspiration of his Holy our wheat and fine flour, our wine and our of the expenditure committee of the Spirit, blesses us in our temporal affairs oil, our cattle, and all there is on this earth priesthood government of the Lord Jesus when we obey the commandment of that we have in our possession is the Lord's,

Christ. tithing. and he requires onetenth of this for the

of Whether building Kingdom. His up are the tithes for? used What By the President time Lorenzo At Snow little, onetenth should or have much werevelation are assist they to used the of over administration the the took Brigtithing. for (Discourses paid of in bepoor, to erect temples meetingand of priesthood edition, the government 1943 176.) Jesus Lord Young, hamhouses, for the of maintenance temples

it at terrible of Christ, the a end was for missions,and erection the of school its history. in period sisChurch had brethren The conclusion, and In mybuildings, seminaries, institute and persecuted prosecuted is been and if with in ters, your question there anybuildings, for the and other operating reference of plural question the to I ask marthis law, divine you minds aboutexpenses that are necessary. Tithing Its riage. properties confisresur- been had of the admonition to the follow

for be used themay of land. purchase cated; at rate as borrowed the money was counseled rected wherein he SaviorIn the section verse 42nd of 35th and of interest; percent twelve total the and follows:the it is Doctrine and Covenants, indiof at income the the time Church

cated surpluses to be used purmight is his that but mine, not doctrine President in to required My came was Snow chase for land the of public the good will, If his will he sent do me. any man interest the loans. these on pay

people. it doctrine, the be shall whether of know

supplicated Prophet The mightGod I of myself. speak of or whether Prophet God, declared: The Malachi

ily for divine direction and received a (John 7:1617.)

Bring ye all the tithes into the storerevelation indicating to him that if the house, that there may be meat in mine people of the Church would obey the I promise you as God lives, through house, and prove me now herewith, saith law of tithing their lands would be the spirit of the Holy Ghost, that testithe if I of hosts, Lord will not open you productive, rains the into hearts will that come, your would and come mony the of windows heaven, and pour you financial is the of problem law, the of tithing divine a and the law Church blessing,out a that there shall not it is be solved. of functions to carry be would promise the the necessary The on toroom receive enough 3:10.) it. (Malachi

kept Lord through of was the the of obedience priesthood the government

I am not going to say to you, because of the people; the credit of the Church Lord Jesus Christ.

you pay your tithing that tomorrow was saved; and today it rests upon a May God give us the strength to obey

morning there may be a Cadillac in your strong financial foundation. all of his commandments, that we

garage or that you be blessed may all are spiritual There in salvation a place enjoy and might blessings—thewith a mansion to live. in which of That blessing faith, I ask in the blessing of testithe celestial kingdom, humbly

promise I cannot make. mony, the divine power that motivates the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Sixth Session, Monday Morning, April 6, 1953

The LAMANITES Are Progressing

by Spencer W. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

faith and prayers. This morning I am perience, his wealth of training, and

missing from our number Elder John his stalwart faith will bring to the

A. Widtsoe, our beloved brother, and people of the Church great blessings,

sure that will love him. you I am

said in this has conference been Spencer W. Kimball Ifulpayfortributehis richagainlifetoofhim.devotionI am togratethe andMuch

Church and the delightful association about missionary work. Nearly every

we have had with him. speaker has referred to it. I am trebeloved brothers and sisters: I It shall be my great pleasure to susmendously interested in the missionary

our Brother Council, beinto to this those spoken as have have stake. I wish S. Benremarks Adam who direct my

life of interest I enlist nion, varied in your stake miswhose rich and the toward anMy:ore me,pray for the blessings of the Lord, tain and to receive into my heart and work of the Church, both foreign and and exmorning more

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sionary service and of that work, the their advocate with the Father, and Many changes have come since those minority program, and of the minority nothing shall prevail against them."days. Nations have been annihilated;

program, particularly the Lamanite (Ibid., 32:3.) lands and forests and streams have

phase. Then in March 1831, through the been appropriated; royalty has been

The Lamanite is the forgotten man, Prophet there came a revelation to humbled; and great peoples have been

and though there has been much Sidney Rigdon, Parley P. Pratt, and subdued and brought to extremes in

progress and though there have been Leman Copley want, poverty, ignorance, superstition, friends raised up to him, he still is the and deprivation. They have been

forgotten man and is in need of asBut before the great day of the Lord scattered and driven according to flourish in shall hissed shall and come, Jacob been have the prophecy. They if the that It sistance. seems to me

shall blosthe Lamanites and of big full a weight spurned, the and in wilderness, us with Christ, here wereLord Jesus (Ibid., 49:24.) the rose. somas them. pressed upon nation has down the work emphasize would person, he

is dawning. The day a But new that I people. remember theseamong I the remembering then am And their beautiare putting on Lamanites said: Lord the 1828, as as early July in the of Prophet the Joseph prayer they ful much have garments; made

referin 1836 and his Kirtland Temple limited and I you, progress our with unto verily say again, O And again, he and people these to ence I the earth: Lord the of the have am their inhabitants own. on much Weassistance Father, the supplicates unto things these known to willing make hunthem. priesthood Many among

1:34.) flesh. C. all (D. & of positions in are occupied dreds now of Jacob, that the remnants cause And been has responsibility. Church The because smitten cursed and been have forth, who shall go work Nevertheless, my limited a to them, established among converted from transgression, be their of of a Savior as knowledge the for inasmuch

it conwill that the to degree, hope condition and savage we their wild and the through world, the unto has come (Ibid., gospel. everlasting of and the fulness wards are Lamanite tinue. There the shall so of even the Jews, testimony

knowledge of a Savior come unto my peo109:65.) branches in many parts of the Church.

pleIn the islands of the sea, of course, this

And to the Nephites, and the Jacobites, The Prophet Joseph Smith in 1841 is a program extending over a century.

Zoramites, Indian the great Josephites, a and receiving the manyand was as Lamanites, the here But among fathers of their the testimonythrough their groups in Nauvoo. chiefs and last so beautifully said Brother Cowley

the to shall come testimony this And ferryboat the over on came They School in our Sunday and night and Lamanites, of the knowledge Joseph. see Prophet the flatboats to the two thing. it is rather a new Weconference,have bapIshmaelites, who the Lemuelites, and

dwindled in unbelief because of the iniquity And he says: tized this year 2500 Lamanites in the

sufhas approximately the Lord fathers, have their of now and Church, whom we Keokuk, I met and down, went accordingly Nephites, the their brethren of destroy to fered the records the of on 45,000 them one about Appenoose, and Kisku-kosh, their iniquities abomtheir and of because Paso El the in have Church. We tribes, of those braves chiefs and hundred inations. high a bishop, Lamanite a * * * Third Ward I them conducted families. their with plates these are purpose this very for And should you Church, the priest in and grove, and in the grounds meeting the to records these contain preserved, which

his people of of joy things tears which in the instructed seen many them have be of might the Lord promises the that concerning revealed unto this high and the Lord me bad installed in as was he his people; to fulfilled, he which made

that were promises fathers, the and their to place. important come might the Lamanites that And

of the in Book concerning them made that fathers, in of their bishop and the Indian knowledge a Pima have We killing cease to I advised them Mormon. of the promises the might they know Stake, the Maricopa in the Papago Ward * * * other. each gospel the believe that they Lord, and may a runs fortyfive-yearold who a man of a Book that Christ, replied he had of Jesus the Keokuk merits rely upon and acre 1200 a operates dairy and grade A I given at which his his had faith in name, wigwam glorified through Mormon beand tribal counthe been on has farm. He said believe,""I before. years they repentance their some through that him and

inof and is power cil, a I look man and great good 3:1620.) are a man; and (Ibid., he, "you saved.might Amen. be

rough, but I also am a son of the Great fluence.

in- I your Spirit. heard have year, little later 1828, in the the same advice—we have Mission we A the Mexican In

follow good the fighting, quit to and tend his this to faithful the on strong, have seemed Lord twelve advisory 4:401us."(D.H.C. talk given have you dictated: presidencies district mind, as he have men. Wecouncil, 402.)

it the presidencies, was and branch and

I prophets [the said holy them, unto And and myof Brother privilege McConkie all Doctrine and the through it Now, should that of of the Book Mormon] to with many meet self in November early all those their to through Covenants, according granted unto be them presidencies, of branch groups these of prayers; faith their in it that the Lord years, seem would circumstances their very humble in.. and.. gospel that might come my these the that among work intended pentheir and books sat with and they.Lamanites, the brethren their. and unto be hampered not people should great

suggestions of notes the all because Lamanites cils also that taking had become were withforward go should but or delayed (Ibid., 10:4748.) of dissensions. their conduct the as to gave them which we delay. any out organizadistricts in the of branches and

In September 1830, the Lord said: President John Taylor said, and I tion and teaching of their people. These

this before, quoted have Lamanite these "presidencies and branch

I behold, that say now, unto you And as to people interviewing are bishops shall the go untoyou Lamanites preach and not the must Lamanites among work The the have they and worthiness gospel as them; unto inasmuch andmy if the their to retain desire postponed, we be give temple or to to withhold power receive they teachings shalt thy thou cause far been have of we God. Thus approval privileges other Church blessings and established to be church amongmy let baptize them them, to simply content

... (Ibid., them. 28:8.) their members. to continue this again, must but wild run

no longer. The same devoted effort, the All through the Lamanite world we

That same month, through the same care and instruction, the same orhave leaders, and they are emerging introProphet be priesthood the Joseph, said must ganization and Lord to the power. strength and greater with now of the house maintained among to and duced go Whitmers Oliver with Cowdery, fortyMission in Mexican the have We Israel of gathered as those amongst Lehi

fullfilling are people five who young yet nations. has Gentile As from God I for given have... unto to power him fifty the to addition in missions term all nothcomparatively doing been and build we the church up Lamanites. among my

areas. other girls from to of and boys us led white ing. and has them (Ibid., many He 30:6.)

they have been baptized, and now we must There soon will be a preponderance of

And again in October of that year, instruct them further, organize them into Spanishspeaking missionaries in that presidencies, attach proper with the by supported"he are being field. revealed, also churches Peterson They Ziba "And

etc., in stakes, to organizations, our them Presithe of shall fund missionary special that is, them,"go with with Oliver treat exactly these in word, one them individual and by Peter the Church Cowdery, Whitmer, dency of and Parley respects, as our would do treat and we

P. Pratt, "and I myself will go with white brethren. (The Gospel Kingdom, donors who are helping them.

them and be in their midst; and I am John Taylor, 247.) (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 433 Spencer W. Kimball Continued theham2300City.IndianOneboyshundredand girlsandat sevenBrigof them are Latterday Saints, and you

Down in the Navajo area, we have that there are germs in the world, and saw ten or fifteen of them here last branch presidencies now who are conby avoiding them they are increasing night at the Sunday School presentaducting sacrament meetings, who are their health. tion. One little boy wrote at election

leading, who are speaking, who are Superstitions held them down but time:

praying, and we have "singing mothers"they are giving way and twins are now The President promised to protect and groups among them. It is glorious to permitted to live. That was not possible defend the government of the United

see them growing and expanding and yesterday. Twins were a bad omen, States. He said he would try to stop war

and live in freedom. This is what he their coming into is work and they own. The not were allowed to live but

I hope he will. developing them. among were or starved need otherwise A great permitted to said.

is missionaries. In Mexican cities we die. But today twins are living. Down Living advantages have increased.

met in groups where we had as many in Arizona the other day two boys whose There are refrigerators in many homes, as two or three hundred people, hungernames were Franklin Roosevelt and and there are also electric lights. Fouring and thirsting for the word of the Wendell Willkie Gallerito were dancteen communities now are being conLord, and threefourths of them were ing for tourists, and you can guess their sidered for gas in the Navajo reservanot ages members of the Church. by their names. electric lights in a and Navajo

have branches Marriage has down in Navajo We is come to have a different tion—gashogan! It coming. one About

land and Hopi land, with 105, 140, significance. The first formal modern of every four hogans is said to haveou;

160 members of the Church carrying wedding was performed in Yakima re- a radio in it now.

on in normal fashion. This coming cently. One of our young couples was In Gallup they have a radio station,

from what were termed the primitive married by one of our elders. The and they give an hour a week in the

Indians yesterday is a great advance, Yakima paper stated it was "the first Navajo language to send their messages and we are grateful for it. formal wedding in the history of the to the people out in the hinterlands, and

Temple work is going forward. Yakima Indian tribes."every day fifteenminute-broadcasts are

Through the work of Sister Ivy Huish Their burials have changed, that is, heard.

Jones, wife of the mission president in they are changing. It is a gradual This, of course, is old for many of

the SpanishAmerican Mission, 10,000 process. Instead of cremation, they are the Lamanites in other areas, but it is

sheets of family groups have been prebeing buried. A few years ago with new here.

pared, and all through the SpanishPresident Flake, I visited Chief Baha Employment is increasing. Thouspeaking missions the work is going Alchesay, the last hereditary chief of sands have found in their service in

forward. the 3800 Apaches in Arizona. He set the war that it was good to sleep beIt would do your heart good to see a pattern for his Apache people when tween sheets, and to have three good,

numbers of Lamanite brothers and he asked for Christian burial. He had varied meals a day and to have good

sisters sealed in the temple. Seventeen a great funeral; the governor of the clothes and money in their pockets, and

couples in San Antonio alone have state of Arizona was the speaker, and to have all the advantages that white been sealed in the temple; fiftythree in it was conducted by a Protestant minispeople have, and they have come back

this small El Paso Ward have been to ter of the church to which he belonged. to the reservations dissatisfied and now

the temple and had their endowments; The Indians wept as they followed thousands of them are working on rail281 people in the Mexican Mission, him to his grave. They shot no favorroads, in the mines, on the farms; and

coming as far as a thousand miles, ite horse; the widow did not clip her this brings to us another great opporhave had their endowments in the holy hair; no food or water was left in the tunity to teach them the gospel as they

temple. It is a great joy to see the casket or near it. He was buried in a come among us, instead of shunning

Hawaiian Temple as I saw it one day, blue serge suit with a white shirt and them as many do.

filled with Japanese members doing with a fourin-hand tie. He was the The Indian converts are firm and

their work, and all of the workers in last of the hereditary chiefs. He did steadfast. One Lamanite sister was inthe temple were Lamanites—Samoans not put the mantle of his chiefship a group of women sitting together, and

and Hawaiians. upon his son, as had his father upon something came up about what the bishThe question is asked me nearly him. The work now is carried on in op was going to require of them, and a

every day when the Indian program is a democratic way by the tribal council white sister said, "Well, we just are mentioned: Will they stay with the groups who are elected by their memnot going to do it, are we, Sister

Church? Will they retain their faith? bers. Poogy?"And Sister Poogy said,

Or, will they go back "to the blanket?"The Apaches are quite wellto-do, "Whatever the authorities ask us to do,

And I want to tell you that few will and the Navajos have come into some that I am going to do."

return to the blanket when they have money, and the Utes out here have They attend their meetings faithhad their opportunities in education and received some money; and it is the fully. Brother McConkie met 1144 on

the gospel. privilege now of the missionaries and the Navajo reservation down there a

President Golden Buchanan of the all of us to help teach them to use few months ago when he was visiting

Southwest Indian Mission wrote me their money in beneficial ways for themthe mission. They preach; they teach

this: "We have had no excommunicaselves instead of squandering it. all phases of the gospel; they teach the

tions, and with the exception of two The Indian now has the franchise. Word of Wisdom; they teach chastity;

or three, none have apostatized nor Theoretically he has had it ever since they teach the restoration; they call the

joined other churches, nor gone back World War I, but until last year it was people to repentance; and they are living

to their own church.... It is my not a reality in Arizona, where the the commandments well.

opinion that our loss through apostasy greatest number of the Indians reside. And I could tell you many stories

is probably smaller than any other misNow they may vote. Inthe Shonto about their honesty and their integrity,

sion or group of people."precinct last fall there were twentyabout their cleanliness of living, about

Their superstitions are giving way. six voters and of them, twentytwo were their love for the program of the Church.

The medicine man is being replaced by Navajo votes. Of the election board, Brothers and sisters, there is much

the administering elders, and also the five out of six were Navajos, three men I should like to say to you this morning

M.D.'s. They are taking inoculations and two women. It was their first about this great program, but time will

and vaccinations; they are going to chance to vote for the President of the not permit, but I would like to close

hospitals for their babies. Twentythree United States. There were 768 Navajos with one or two further thoughts, and

hundred Navajo boys and girls are up registered last year. About a quarter then I am through.

at the Intermountain Indian school at of the Apaches were registered for the Here is a letter from a good brother

Brigham City. They are all taken care election. who had been in the Church only

of with chest X-rays and complete physi- I should like to say that Dr. George months. Here is real devotion to the

cal examinations. They are learning A. Boyce is doing a good work with Church. He wrote:

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is not humanly possible for us to comall the to keep perfect andSpencer W. Kimball Continued become not are of but we God, mandments

institution. We a about human talking I song: to write to repeat you intelligent, theme I and going Friend: my Dear am Apostle the what about talking are She isfor Miss us about difference Mary and between them The unto of God "is power the said Paul she place, andis at school in is privilege It and your opportunity.

is it and 1:16), that finds (Romans salvation"she letteris and a write me education, through emthrough mine things these Church. that to of let her go don't Mormon power Godthey the by and other means, every and ployment let go her a don't in they ourselves place why you knowDo as done, we are gospel the bringing particularly through I for her do can whatto Church, and our to operprinciples these for position all kindliness in and Christ of Jesus because Church, tofor go she Mormon can us. ate upon that give brotherliness to to them, girl? themI we know she You ask her and my bring to of the Lord is purpose It the please Will you of will Church. opportunity them makebelong which Mormon if presence, his we into all back us let maybe and towrite know and me sons faithful me enlightened, daughand enter and his commandments will keep I sure it? I for do am whatyou know all blessings of ters of the with God upwalk and him with covenant Church. into it to for tolike her go Mormon to are them. promised which and serve him kind let another to and said go before her they himShe rightly

of Church. You know her. She was I pray with one of our Lamanite keep his commandments all the days

down with last month ago when is bapsisters, who pleaded, "Heavenly Father, of our lives. Now, I am sure everylet abouttized. to I just you know want that they bless the missionaries, please resome needs every day here one

let go to her don't Mormon theywhy Indians, with us discouraged get rewon't a to have need and pentance, we Please. soon. AnswerChurch. bless that they the Indians and please comes by sins, which of our mission

The Lord bless the Lamanite people. will always listen."This is my prayer, virtue of the fact that we repent and

They are a great people. They are in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. that we have been baptized into the

Church. And above all, we need the

Spirit and power of God. The older

I grow, the more I am convinced that the chief thing that we do need, and the highest achievement in the world to which we can attain, is to be guided

Perfection byby thekeepingSpirithisof commandmentsGod. We can doandthatin

no other way that I know of. The

Lord has outlined that most wonderfully in the ninetythird section of the Through Doctrine and Covenants, referring to the operation of that principle and these principles of the gospel that have been reference of the to us. given He speaks Obedience as Christ Lord Jesus to the in John,

having become perfect by receiving by George Q. Morris grace upon grace and advancing from

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE George Q. Morris Thatgrace tois setgraceforthuntilas hethehadmethod,a fulness.the

progress toward salvation and exaltation in the presence of God, and it is

faith. articles this rendering here joice in being of our with you The of mayMY DEAR BRETHREN AND SISTERS: I rethat we call the first principles in the held up as the method by which we

this the passage Prophet very Joseph been morning. I have by much Weprogress.will obtain the advantage of

interested in Brother Kimball's referSmith in the inspired version is, "Therethese principles by having faith. In

ences to the Lamanite people, and I fore not leaving the principles of the our first principle, it is not the abrecall a beautiful scene up on the doctrine of Christ, let us go on to perstract principle of faith that we hold borders of the Dominion of Canada, a fection."I believe we should be more to as the first principle of the gospel,

winding river with a background of cognizant of the fact that we need the but faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.

forest and soft, green sloping banks, first principles of the gospel every day And the only true faith in him is a where a Mohawk Indian, dressed in of our lives. It is by these principles faith in him as the Son of God, the

white, baptized his family into the that we live. Redeemer of the world, who atoned

Church of Jesus Christ. They are: faith in the Lord Jesus for our sins, who opened the tomb and

the from resurrection the instituted Christ, repentance, immerbaptism by I sincerely that the pray Lord may of light is the the and dead. He sins, of for layremission sion the anddirect to say that he which would me omnipotent. Lord the lifeWhen world, the gift for of ing of the the hands on I rejoice say. of inhave the gospel me all necesin faith him, true have we principles these Ghost. two Holy By It is Christ. of theJesus power God is it possible, by are and things sary principles these the in involved and it is salvation, doingunto and what faith, this through of God, power the ordinances into the two come we it isfor all for the Lamanites, doing perfected and made to are be that we it is it Church, opinion that and it. my will acceptpeople who of our presence into the back fit to come is of operation principles these the by

There is a statement in the scripthat we stay in the Church, and that God. We need that faith every day

tures at Paul, Apostle overcoming in conduct, by the made personal in our in the Church. grow Without them we

least so translated, the comin keeping shortcomings, our faithful, could not remain with and we for our forgiven being in mandments, salvation to them, advance and may we of increase in having an principles leaving the Therefore of the perfection the through of the transgressions, power doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perLord. the Holy Spirit with us to guide us and

fection. 6:1.) (Hebrews us. direct

It is it is said sometimes humanly I faith. requires principle Every

all impossible to keep the commandWirth- edified I by Bishop very much to was haven't time various deal the with of Apostle said ments God. The we tithing of and to reference law lin's the thisversions of to say, except passage to should perfection, go the on and tithing. that should pay it appeal course, the weof doesn't that can mean we said his in Lord the Sermon on Mount, of illustration is I good that a thinkdiscard of principles of the the any

gospel of Jesus Christ, we cannot, after Be ye therefore perfect, even as your this principle of faith. I think when

joining the Church, leave behind and Father which is in heaven is perfect. (Matt. people say they haven't money enough

discard the principles and ordinances 5:48.) {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 435 George 0. Morris continued Theing,"Lordbut hesaidwas"hewithoutwas intelligence.a murderer

from the beginning,"the father of lies.

to pay tithing, they should say they Christ to every man in this world, if Those are the words of the Lord Jesus haven't faith enough to pay tithing. It he will accept the gospel, and to us Christ who knew him, for he it was

is my conviction that we pay tithing with who have the gospel. We are promised whom Satan tried to dethrone.

faith and. not with money, because when that we shall be glorified in him, as So that is the course of advancement.

a man has so much money that he has he is in the Father. Again, It is within our reach, not by our power

largea tithing, can't he tithing. pay He of alone, the but God. through power

Spirit I ofhas truth is of The too the God. little too much money and am is of opposite the that? what Now Spirit of truth, record of bore andfaith to John tithing, pay just feels and he It this section, is set in forth same saying: received me, fulness a of truth, He it.can't afford I a know man who

yea, all of even truth;must have earned twentyfive thousand that taketh wicked cometh one and And receiveth no And fulness a unless man fiftydollars or dollars thousand year, a light truth disobedience, through and away keepeth his he commandments.

littleand he sent in a the pittance of three children of men. (Italics Author's.) keepeth refrom He that his commandments

(Ibid., 93:39.)hundred dollars so that be ceiveth he would truth and light, until he is glorion the tithing list. That wasn't tithfied in truth and knoweth all things.

ing. I won't say what it was. I knew (Ibid., 93:2628.) Here is set up the controlling princianother man who was in financial disple of all advancement in the kingdom,

tress, losing his home, harassed, but That is spoken to us as members of that of obedience. Anything we hope

his tithing always came through. He the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterfor, anything we desire, anything we

didn't have money to spare for tithing day Saints and applies to all people of should have will come to us through in one sense. He didn't have money the world. The process is the same the principle of obedience and by the

enough to pay his debts, his pressing with us as with the Lord. From grace same token all may be lost by disobediobligations, but he had faith, and by to grace we advance until we are glorience. How simple the gospel is! The

faith he paid his tithing and remained fied in truth and know all things. The requirement is an obedient heart, an

straight with the Lord. I urge with Lord in this section (verse 36) says that obedient heart.

"the glory is intelligence,"of God and heart that all my all the of members In another place the Lord said, that is what the Lord of is speakingthis Church should who tithing, pay in this I just have he said read whenpay an honest tithing—and don't keep If you not the commandments, my to receive we were truth light andscrape bethe off measure of love too level. the shall Father Put not continue with

cause defines he intelligence,a little which is you, offering therefore of shall you gratitude walk in darkness. there, to

heap it up just a little. The Lord the glory of God, as light and truth. I (Ibid., 95:12.)

heaps things up until they are running thank the Lord for that definition of intelligence becauseover become one may with the blessings give the Lord humility, us power, May we receive from greatly confused as between intelligencehim. Let's meekness, be and that determination faithful. with true and It is

an interesting thing in this matter of and mental brilliance and other unusual and in gratitude and thanksgiving to tithing, the which be intelligent to set Lord has enough of as his means carrying it up qualitiesthe Son ofthatthemenMorning,have. evidentlySatan wasa him,keep hiswe commandmentsmay glorify his and on his work.

powerful spirit in the councils ofIt is through his God, holy name, blessings I humbly that pray in the name all our called "Lucifer, the Son of the Mornmoney Christ. comes to us, of Jesus Amen. and our It means.

is a gift from him. The singular thing

is that he has arranged that he must give $10,000 to get $1,000 back for his work. That may seem a very odd way

of doing it, but that is his generous method; and the only way the Lord can

get $1,000 contributed to the carrying Personal on of his work under the tithing system is to give $10,000. I will leave it for

you to figure out to whom he is going to give $10,000, whether it will be tothose who keep it all, or whether it Witness will be to those who turn back the $1,000 that he requires for his work. If

we will pay our honest tithing to God, by Adam S. Bennion

he will bless prosper us and us and OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEincrease our faith, and I believe the

Lord has a lot of things to do that he Adam S. Bennion

can only do through people who have faith to pay their honest tithing.

I speak of that only as an illustration.

I think the same principle applies in man who has not been through sat at their feet to admire them, toall our conduct, as far as our charNothis experience can appreciate what marvel at their strength, to glory in acters are concerned. Through faith it means. I am honored but their service. President Clark I have

in the Lord Jesus Christ we may corhumbled. For years I have been going always regarded as one of the strong

rect ourselves and have our sins remitted up and down the. land preaching, but men of America. These men who conand have an increased portion of the in the hour of this greatest call I have stitute the General Authorities of the

Spirit of the Lord. no preachment. With your faith and Church I have known and have worked

Now what is the process. The Lord prayers and with the sustaining inwith, and I honor and sustain them all.

outlines that most wonderfully in the fluence of our Father in heaven, I The members of the Twelve, and the ninetythird section of the Doctrine and should like to give you in a few brief Assistants, and the Presiding Bishopric,

Covenants, as I have said referring to minutes my personal witness. and all others called to these high

the Savior, advancing from grace to President McKay has been an ideal positions—I love them. I can only hope

grace, he applies the same principle to me all my life, and I love him. in my heart that they will find it in

to us: "For if you keep my commandThirty-eight years ago I was called to theirs to sustain me as I sustain them.

ments you shall receive of his fulness, the membership of the general board I love this Church and its people.

and be glorified in me as I am in the of Sunday Schools at the instance of In the fall of 1847 my grandfather

Father."(D. & C. 93:20.) That is the President McKay and President Stephen came across the plains and lived in a

direct, clear word of the Lord Jesus L Richards. During those years I have log cabin such as is in the southeast

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA corner of this block. For a quarter of

a century now it has been my privilege parts of theto bring from all men this block, in tribute to to The Work of thecountry and our pioneers I always take them to one spot. If you haven't seen it, I commend

it to you. If you'll go yonder to thesoutheast corner and stand with one Priesthoods

eye on their early abode, the log cabin, and the other eye turned a little to will realizethe northwest, you that by Carl W. Buehner log cabin they in the they livedwhile

dreamed dreams of a temple. A hunOF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

dred years ago this year they laid the foundation. The men who come from

New York marvel as they turn from Carl W. Buehner

the log cabin and its hint of poverty to the temple that took forty years to is a great and an inspiring conPresident Edward L. Clissold of the

build and required four million dollars Thisference, and I am most happy that Oahu Stake which impressed me very that they did not have. They were real I can be here this morning and much. He told me of a Filipino man

people. raise my hand to sustain those who who was very earnestly studying the

I love this country. I love its inhave been called to preside over us in gospel, who was a very studious sort of

spired Constitution and its great free this great Church. person, a man who was very shy and

for text If a withinstitutions. acquainted I have backward, had who became to Bennion Brother like I would

it the Presiyears, missionaries has been with thethe last twenty and also (I for many him have known know after all cherish of Clissold, that becoming dentpreservation and we inspiration an been that has in years) he

It the interested studying intensely of freedom. andthe name is my will I life, and that hope in am sure he my

for benedicthat are our a convertthat the things became some time, the gospel in happiness great joy and find children. said to our to Clissold President passed the Church.tion be on may him. to has that assignment come new

to after this shortly wonderful they holding time country were has beenThis the like to thank I publicly should stake, in this quarterly conference the as and has a Church.me for of the First Church Presidency this in I impression that the kept that perhaps he he having think nobody

to that great experience came me the cirlike person, to shouldcongregation have from some humbler came who last general the following immediately

I, I for that into recently Church, the hadcumstances than and come am islands the into of going conference,

I of recall his at father testimony, bear thegrateful. not and do name my very there a Pacific meeting of the and

I this recentlyall Filipino died year a become was had he because when who

I opporthe people. had

I his crossing like a wonderful kept convert old, but mind, half a but a had youand visiting Samoa, Zealand, of tunity New it if I fact, said, "I called of he matter mother. a knew himwonderful on As

the of Niue, island the and Tonga, life frighten to death, three enriched knowing been would has him bymy

I there Islands, found and Hawaiian idea of person; nature that the the but bore the motherwonderful women: who

faith, great of have an people a who I finally persisted called privaso that the nurtured him through and meme this of leadership for the admiration of little the to out audience, five oftions up he those with came days and when their I this sure morning Church. am said, stand. the spoke, the he he ends sheones meet somehow; When made conferthis great are focused eyes on 'I fortyof life years age. fortytwo for of For fortyonecompanion am who my

forth. the goes ence, law from which I I or years not one unfailsustained where doyears with know has an am me

brief expelike relate I to one should I for year, going; but where one a devotion; motherin-lawing and am who

I is obhave rience, that because and I I I where so attributes that the of and wherehas know am am none we familiarly attach to the name, Sister served the great number of people who going.'"I thought, there is a thoughttried Tabernacle to get into the to provoking subject on which sermonsRichard W. Young, with her ninety have

in I participated the conference. hear could be preached. Something cameyears of benediction.

little at of chapel Pago dedication the a life his into that that man's changed I this I love and said Church have I District, in Tutuilla and the Pago perspective, short in whole a few and is life I Lord. loveits the people. My I that there observed would something after months, acquainted becoming with I that have testimony the toanchored I like to to the Church. recommend those to authority the preach have who is the lives that Jesusthat and God it like tried here. This see to would true also gospel, say could he he knew I a in glory inChrist. membership my little I imagine, normally, chapel, which where he and he now, was was where instituted through was whichChurch people seat hundred about two would sisters, I tell going. brethren you, and I testify to todayrevelation, you and it if like chapels our were equipped that great difference beprobably the all Smiththat Prophet the and Joseph it. are, in people benches had no The true Christ of the tween Jesus Church of successors, have his God,of men legs. all floor sat crossed the with on is all these other and denominations instigreat this inspired to buildbeen little a that in chapel 508 had We in that very those who statement—thattution. I normally hold hundred. two would truth accepted the have where know

President McKay, in the love I bear am not recommending that we take they are and know where they are going, you, I give you my life and my servthe benches out of the Tabernacle, but and I doubt that the rest of the Christian ice, and with your sustaining benedicwe may use some new chapel as a world can say that thing.

of blessings heaven,tion try to the the pig I'll guinea and method, and new in great I experiences some had have

I'll give to go; possibly where you want reduce could the sizego me we in stakes of the Church. work of the My

best to in attempt so buildings do that an you build could what our wemy largely been Bishopric has Presiding the and He would have me to do. more chapels, be just as happy and just with an army of men who have become

God bless you all. If my assignment as comfortable as these fine people in a little wayward, a little backward,

may in some part be with these grand the isles of the Pacific. It was a great who have acquired a few bad habits,

young people such as are here from experience. and because of this, have not identified

Brigham Young University today, it My note here says that I was to say themselves too regularly with the organwill be a glorious privilege to bear witsomething about this beautiful springizations of the Church. We have made

ness to a new generation of the glories time and how nature has put on its new a great effort to reclaim some of these of the gospel as they have blessed me garments. Looking out of the windows, brethren. My heart goes out to bishops,

at every turn of my life. I pray the you can tell I didn't write this speech bishops'counselors, ward teachers, adblessings of God upon us all, and I this morning. visers, and others, who put their arms

dedicate myself to this service, in the When I was in the Hawaiian Islands, around these men and point out to name of Jesus Christ. Amen. I had a little story related to me by {Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 437 for time and all eternity. I waited

Carl W. Buehner continued twentytwo years, but it was worth every

minute of it."

them the thing they have missed in and he asked for the elders to administer I heard a number of these men, and life and bring them back. to him, and he had a recovery. About I have been impressed by the great

I heard one recently down in the that time his wife said, "My husband work we can do, brethren, if we will

Uvada Stake. He was invited to say a felt that he ought in some way to repay reach out our arms and invite them back

few words at quarterly conference. It the Lord for the goodness that had come into activity. Most of them just need

was a great effort for this man, and to him, and so he began to go to meet- a little job, need a little encouragement, when he had finished his little talk, he ings and participate in some of the need someone who has a little interest said, "I would like you folks to know activities. He began to lay aside some in them, and we can accomplish a great

that when the bishop asked me to give of his bad habits. The bishop recognizgood with these fine people.

this little talk, the devil also assigned ing this, made him a member of the I am sure my time is gone. I would

someone to tell me not to give this building committee of the ward. He like to mention one other little story

talk,"and then he began to point out was a man with a fine personality, a that a father told me about his little eight different occasions where the devil fine looking man, and he did a great son. Someone mentioned a little boy

and he had a contest over whether or job."She said, "One morning we were yesterday in his talk. This little boy

not he was going to give this talk. You having breakfast, and our small daughwas not quite six years of age, and his

know, that influence is rampant in the ter (I suppose noticing that the father father said that last Father's Day he earth, and I am sure many of us are poured himself a cup of coffee) said, wanted to make an impression on his being influenced by it. I am sure we 'Dad, you are getting along fine. When youngster. He had been playing out

are locked with him many times. Someare you going to quit drinking coffee?'on the street. They brought him in and

one said in these few words: "I have The man said, 'I guess I might as well washed him up, and at the dinner table

heard much about the devil. I have quit right now,''and she said, "He he wanted to impress this youngster

read a great deal about the devil. I poured the coffee back in the coffeepot, with the value of Father's Day and

have even done business with the devil, and that was the last coffee that he what a great man the father was. He

but it didn't pay."drank."His activity increased, and said as he was getting along with his

I would like to tell you today that I the happiness in the home began to inlittle talk, his little boy said, "Daddy, hope we starve the devil to death, that crease also. Then she said the bishop do you know that God is the Daddy of

we give him no business, and that we definally gave him another job in the all of the daddies and that Jesus is the vote all our time and all our energies to Church. A few months later someone Oldest Brother of all of the brothers?"

doing the work of the Lord. I think came to him and said, "Your name That father said, "I all but got off my

that is one way we are going to bind has been recommended to have you chair and knelt at the feet of my little

Satan, by not letting him have influence interviewed to be ordained an elder son."I want to tell you, in the words

concerning us. in the Church,"and that so thrilled of a child, that was a great truth, and

I was in the North Weber Stake just the man that from then on he didn't I wish people of the world could underlast week, and I heard another of these miss any more meetings of any kind. stand just that, that God is the Daddy

young men stand up, and as he did so, He became very faithful and very acof all of the daddies and that Jesus is he said, "I'll never get over thanking tive. Then she said, as her eyes filled the Oldest Brother of all of the brothers.

the bishop who put his arm around me with tears, "Finally, the great day came Then in conclusion someone else said, four months ago and invited me to do when the bishop came to us and said, "Be careful. You may be the only

a little something in the Church."Then 'I have noticed the activity of your standard works that some people may

read."indicating his testimony think that I how over.he bore think Now husband the of and members your famlot there said, "For of twenty- a he truth in was, that. and hehappy ily. I sure are to ready you am into go

this inactive in the been years I have Lord help live Mayis to usone our the to temple for sealed be time and lives great opporof a worthy missed have and in membership thisChurch all eternity.'"said, she Then "That over, Church, that meeting was andtunity."be may anxious we When and

great day came in were when we the willing to to first embrace rush and person do part our up tothe help move him was his wife, and standing next to Salt Lake Temple, my husband and I forward this great work, I pray in the his wife was his mother, her eyes filled and our children being sealed together name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

with tears. She said to me, "This is one

of the greatest days of my life, to have my son stand there, bear his testimony, and express his gratitude that he is now active again in the Church."

I heard a good sister not so long ago in one of the stakes up in the east here,who was responding to a little talk THE WISE about what the activity of her husband meant to her. She said she had prayed

and worked in the Church for twentytwo years and hoped that the daywould come when something would inCOURSE fluence her husband to turn him away so that habits the he had some offrom of by Delbert L. Stapky enjoy couldeventually they some

the great blessings that come to the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE faithful in the Church. She said that

early in his life he had been a sheep Delbert L. Stapley

man. He went out in the sheep camp

and acquired some bad habits. Later

on his brother became very ill, and BROTHERS AND SISTERS, I should Quorum of the Twelve and assure him love, else, like bethat to to prayers, to our late to he has anyone he went pay tributeunknown my my my MY

I blessing, help. associate, to Elder elders administer loved departedthe and he will had them know my

him. His brother was seriously ill, John A. Widtsoe, a man who has concontribute a great deal to the work. He

and he even despaired as to whether tributed much to this Church and its is filling the shoes of a very important he might recover or not. The Lord people. He left many books, manuindividual, but I know he will rise to

heard the prayer of the elders, and this scripts, and leaflets that we can all the great responsibilities of this call.

man's health was restored to him. Later use and profit by. I, too, want to wel- I am going to stay close to my notes

on this man became seriously ill himself, come Elder Adam S. Bennion into the in order to share the remaining time

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with Elder Romney. I would like for added."The Nephites, following us to be wise and to seek to know the

you to keep in mind, my brothers and Christ's ministry among them, for two will of God and then be willing to do sisters, as I speak to you, the talks of hundred years realized the full benefits it, for blessed is he that heareth the

President David O. McKay on the home, of following this counsel. There was word of the Lord and keepeth it."To

of Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson on sean unprecedented era of righteousness accomplish the purposes of the Lord's

curity in the gospel of Jesus Christ, and faith among these people. They latterday kingdom, his people must

and the talk of President Bruce R. had all things common among them. show vision and understanding by right

McConkie on the Holy Ghost, its There were not rich and poor, bond choices and judgments in personal afpowers and functions. and free, and there were no contenfairs as they are influenced by the Holy

gift the heavenly Ghost, and power disputations tions them. or They among ministry, of his close the Toward his Saints. to faithful given guide other; This justly the dealt Lord each with

disciples that his must he taughtChrist sets pattern of business an example and exceedingly; they prospered and them

suffer crucified things be and and many all that conduct cities. follow with can large In Fourth builded Nephi men

rise third day. Peter the againwould profit confidence. present and read, Under we

it far saying, Savior the "Berebuked doubtful conditions economic we, from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto And it came to pass that there was no Latterday Saints, should not overas

said, to Peterthee."turned and Jesus of the love land, in the contention because resources extend our taking by unwise

art thee Satan:"Get thou me, behind of of hearts in did the dwell which God chances. hazardous and so do would To

people. the for offence savourest unto thou me:an us vulnerable reverses to make and

of those things thatnot the strifes, but be God, there envyings, nor were no And losses, seriously thus afadversely and lyings, If tumults, nor nor nor of whoredoms, 16:2223.)that (Matt. be men."fecting lives our Lord's the and work. lasciviousof murders, nor nor any manner today,the us Lord walked would among ourselves keep financially strong To and ness; surely there a could not and hapbe subject offense be unto an and himwe secure in is whatever possess we most all pier people the people had among who for to things savoring chastisement the important to of it I us. each believe the created of been (4 by Nephi hand God.

of of the things more than God? men 1516.) to wise have available unused borrowscientific material modern Our world ing capacity less even under than

its great with achievements, convenall bless did their in doGod them normal conditions also satisfactory and iences, comforts, prosperity tempting and ings, later, but pride, however, wealth, or accounts bank savings (which could diverted his has a good from many man for desire the influence and power and dollars) be cheap to tide us through to serve faithfully. plan avowed God led to their as destruction a complete difficult situations or conditions. Any for riches, Opportunities the power and people a nation. and has decay Moral reverses without available funds or borthat goes often with impels them, men ever the of been downfall peoples and privileges rowing could jeopardize entire

to increased pursue possessions, money, nations. is holdings. This not to a time have the of and honors the than more men credit our stretched to the limit and Faith in his in son and Jesus God love favor of faith and of God. The cash reserves no on hand. Christ find must full lodgment and and is such often destroyed many men and In this great land of ours have we continued expression in every or heart their spiritual opportunities blessand enjoyed twelve prosperous years. will be destroyed No ighis man by own ings sacrificed. cold become They and previous time begins to compare with norance and materialism. Today, man's indifferent religion to pierce and themit either for It or duration. volume world the with Christ his teachings and selves families and through with many would seem wise, prudent, is now and the of disaster. brink I on think As sorrows.

about it, I wonder what condition the timely to stabilize our financial posisafe making our holdings it and world in if did be would a tions, not have it is the of will... that should God man possessions to assure security, proper Christ did and not his have teachings

in in health, repent serve and and Him living standards, cultural with the and great economic plan of as salvation we of his the strength in mind, power and for advantages ourselves families, it. and and know understand the doubt No blessihg, his secure to order not wait and

also and possible make our of people sacred most the world have would been is until called die. to (Teachings the he of

Prophet Joseph Smith, 197.) destroyed long ago. duty in building up the Lord's kingdom

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latin the earth. The has Lord his counseled people Saints terday influence has gained as and parents responsibility the have We to pray their over flocks herds, and prestige It's opportunities men. among in our for our and of own, providing which applies to every interests. man's to If are unlimited. do good the are Church there so normalto endeavors best do If faithfully live we the gospel and is to as light a be hill a a upon and possessions. material of ly accumulations honor the Holy Priesthood of God, we all I to people, beacon firmly conis against earnam person a nothing There a right have for and claim upon him vinced that is our most important duty material possessions enjoying ing and his blessings the and inspiration to to true, be faithful, and devoted is spiritually hurt in not he provided guide us in making proper decisions disciples of Christ, as not and people fulfils his process completely the and for the of conduct businesses our in of the for world, the called has Lord obligasacred covenants and heavenly this period of uncertainty. economic us out of the world, a people peculiar life,"his to tions a "For man's God.

serious are There spots ahead, rough I unto him. In read, John Savior, we consist in the says the "does not

flashing lights of warning that caution abundance of the things which he the the things neither world, not Love Latterday Saints ignore. cannot This possesses."in that are the world. love If any man for the stock ran past week market

the good things us the given has Lord The world, the love of the Father is not in shelter of possible peace on indication him; better serve that earth of the we might in Korea. Business are markets and

is all in in lust the For that of pleople get the mixed world, up him. Somehow sensitive in condiany change world

flesh, lust the of the eyes, the the and and fail recognize the imto values and tions. of signs recognize the must Weto life, is of pride of is not Father, the but life that of earth a purposes portant indicated as prophecy the times and by of the world. Father has Heavenly loving kind and of vision understanding wise have and the passeth world the away, And and for them. provided so graciously to safeguard trends national world and lust thereof: that but will the he doeth

Our most important possession is the of God abideth for ever. (I John 2:1517.) our interests and thus strengthen the

gospel. It has no counterpart. It encause of Zion, even as Joseph of old

compasses all truth. It is the only This does not mean the Lord will so wisely planned and prepared against

plan for life and salvation that is deny to his people the good things that the days of famine and adversity, and eternal and applies to all mankind. modern science and invention have thus became a great benefactor to the

Obedience to its principles, doctrines, provided for the better enjoyment of Egyptians and his father's family. We

and ordinances is our only hope for life, but we are counseled to forego need all the help that faith, prayer, protection and peace in a disturbed worldly pursuits and pleasures in favor and inspiration can give.

world. The Lord has counseled us "to of heavenly and spiritual things. The Latterday Saints by getting out

seek first the kingdom of heaven and The Prophet Joseph Smith has said, of debt and thus securing their holdings its righteousness, and all else will be "As a Church and a people it behooves (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 439 building up of Zion as our greatest obDelbert l. Stapley Continued ject. (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, 160.)

could set a good example for all peocannot help being hurt by lower prices I call your attention to the statement ple. We were advised recently from caused by such adjustments. Some of by President Joseph Fielding Smith in

this pulpit by President Stephen L our people have already experienced last Saturday's conference session when

Richards to get out of debt, and that serious and costly losses. he said peace would not come to the

counsel now under present economic It is generally conceded that 1953 will earth until the Savior brings it at his conditions, and particularly in the light be a good business year, the first half second coming.

of the past week's happenings, is most favorable, the last half perhaps doubtNow in this talk, my brothers and timely and wise. With such admoniful, and 1954 rather clouded. The sisters, I am not intending to cause panic

tion there should be no cause for us Latterday Saints should take advantage or fear in the hearts of the Latterday to err in our judgments as to the course of whatever remaining good times that Saint people. Again, 1953 is conceded

we should follow. are ahead to get out of debt, make se- a fair year, however, an orderly and

We are acquainted with recent govcure present holdings, and not take planned program of debt liquidation ernment economy moves which, I hope, chances with odds against them for a with protection of interests, eliminating we all approve and commend our nahigh rate of prosperity continuing. No all risk hazards should be very helpful

tional leaders for, but it does indicate one can ever be criticized for consolidatand not harmful to the national econ- a cautious trend in our national life ing his position and holdings to assure omy, and as I interpret present condiand is bound to spread to other fields. security and opportunities for himself tions, it appears to me the wise course

We have also witnessed an adjustment and family. We must remember that to follow. I know it will bring peace

in farm commodity and livestock prices. we pay obligations and meet our comand comfort of mind and a glorious

In spite of heavy government military mitments out of what is left after taxes. sense of security and wellbeing for

orders, consumer merchandise is beTaxation is a heavy taskmaster and a those we love and who depend upon us coming more plentiful and shortages hard teacher. I wonder whether heavier with full trust and confidence for life's

progressively fewer in number. Prices tax burdens leaving us less to show for necessities and opportunities.

in lines are softening, some the and our labors thrifty habits and are necesis spirit this full of soul the with My cost of is living index lowering. sary before realize The true the what we is It latterday important. work. mostlong sustained inflationary life of period are. values boom It fail. to not us called has must God possible scare,made by war taxes, high Prophet issued has Smith The Joseph callings holy to depends us and ona staggering debt, government also inthis warning, free of keep financial entanglements and

creasing serious world problems with serve to freely involvements him and

I in willpeace the prophesy balance, that signs the of are the danger signals effectively to his glorious promote and of of the coming are already Son callthat for caution Man decisions. and wise earth. kingdom ever keep on we May pestilence commenced. will desolate One economicThe adjustments taking now in these suggestions faithmind and be... after another. cried have Some mayplace should over the long pull be ful true in and our obligations, peace, Church the but Saints in the will worldhelpful to our national economy, but little I.. in pray peace have the of from henceforth. Christ. Jesus name Wars

ofsome segments our life economic... are at hand. to ought have. the Amen. We

Seventh Session, Monday Afternoon, April 6, 1953

NURTURE A

TESTIMONY

by Marion G. Romney

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Marion G. Romney

Somehow I don't feel like giving the outstanding leaders of the Church. I very common, ordinary people, who accept

talk which I had prepared for the am sure our hearts go out to Sister the gospel from the Vjps of some humble conference. I would, however, like Widtsoe and to her family. Just a Mormon missionary become so changed by

those truths enlightening of the that gospel discussto a things with few that you year Brother ago last his Widtsoe gave are they the not same longer. people anyare in without mind, attempting to my talk. conference rerecently He had fertilized, have to They been so speak, by or a deliver speech a discourse.make turned, you will remember, from a very Spirit of the that flows eternal from God

first I place, the In extend important my welassignment in Canada. truth, just as irrigation in He barren, the dry

come to Brother Bennion, who has totalked about preserving water and maksoil is fertilized by diverting the stream of day been called into the Council of the ing it available to the land. He told water from the irrigation ditch onto the

Twelve. He has great talents and the how putting water on land turns barren thirsty land. (Conference Report, April,

ability to do great service in the Church. soil into fertile, productive soil. From 1952, p. 34.)

He touched my life for good more than this he drew the following gospel lesthirty years ago when he gave me enson: I am sure we shall long remember

couragement in a trying time. the labors of Brother Widtsoe.

I express my regrets, too, at the passing The weavers of the midlands in England, I would like to say a word to you, of Brother Widtsoe, a great man who the coal miners of Wales, the fishermen in Brother Bowen, if you are listening.

for many, many years was one of the Norway, the trudging farmers of Denmark, (Continued on page 442) 440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Many years ago, ten to be exact, hundreds of farmers in the MountainWest were asked by KSL Radio, "When is it easiest to listen to your radio and what would you like to hear at that time?"The most often

received answer was, "The noon hour!"And what did they want to

hear? They answered by asking us a question—

<mct tomonncuA (veatAen

... what will it be?

In answer, weather prophets for years have been giving their predictions to MountainWest farmers three times daily over KSL Radio. Today,

as yesterday, everyone including the farmers, listens to KSL Radio's reports direct from the Weather Bureau at the Salt Lake City Airport.

Housewives want to know when the weather will be favorable for the week's laundry; pilots want to know when it will be good flying

weather for a crosscountry junket; and the farmer, because his livelihood depends on it, checks the weather religiously.

Furnishing weather reports is just one of the many public service features of KSL Radio that makes it the most - listened - to station in the area. Listen to

the weather reports on...

FARM BREAKFAST ROUNDUP

6:30 a.m., Mon. thru Sat.

THIS BUSINESS OF FARMING

12:15 p.m., Mon. thru Fri.

WEATHER REPORT

1 1:00 p.m., nightly

JUNE 1953 441 Marion G. Romney Continued givenin ourbyownthe fingerlanguage.of God; and it is given

And as Enoch spake forth the words of

God, the people trembled, and could not

Our hearts go out to you; we love you; without the mission of Adam there stand in his presence. (Moses 6:4647.)

we recognize the strength of your great would have been no need for the mischaracter and your intellect. as of the unusual ancients Some men speak Christ. Jesus sion—the atonement—of

I to would like put savages, as if they in the record had a First being no intelliassignment from the I have an statement from the address you delivered Presidency to serve on the Church pubgence. I tell you this man Enoch had

here a year ago. You were explaining lications committee. This committee is intelligence, and Adam had intelligence,

how the adoption of the precepts of expected to read and pass upon the as much as any man that ever lived men had changed the doctrines of the literature proposed for use in the study since or that lives now. They were

Christian Church. You were, of courses of our auxiliary organizations. mighty sons of God.

course, speaking of churches It if, generally, please would the in immensely me said he them: unto And that Because of not the Church of Jesus Christ of preparation literature, this of could we fell, fall are; and we by his Adam came Latterday Saints. get Then you concluded using the from away language of death; are and partakers of misery we made

I remember these words those believe in not do the mission as you who—and woe. 6:48.) and (Moses

spoke them: of Adam. I have reference to words

and phrases such as "primitive man,"If Adam and Eve had not partaken

In there view my is only safety; one there fruit, of the forbidden "prehistoric they have would "before man,"learned men is only cure; one is that and to take the children, to write,"not like. had no and would the we and sometimes We pure and unadulterated of word and God been. have 2:2325; use in Moses these terms (2 Nephi that offends a way set that as up our of standard measurement,

and measure every creed and doctrine and my feelings; in a way which indicates 5:11.)

dogma by that yardstick. That which will to me that we get mixed up in our un- I do not look upon Adam's action as

not square with the declarations of Alderstanding of the mission of Adam. a sin. I think it was a deliberate act

mighty God we can lay aside as connotation agency. of chose of free to do that unsufted The these terms, as He used

for the need (Ibid., of man. p. 66.) is to further the by unbelievers, done out to be which had of harmony with

our of of understanding purposes consequences of God. the of The mission I know, Brother Bowen, you would act his necessary the Adam. atonement made to love be here today. love would We of fell the Redeemer. that be."might "Adam man (2 to have you, give and faith our you we I into discus- a longer not must go 2:25.) Nephi preThere were no prayers. and our

I I sion, but that again say be line in would the of Adamic men Adam. The I call may your Now attention to if, very pleased teaching the of in said first our Lord that the was man. Adam President Richards'conference address gospel, revealed truth keep could 1:34, (Moses It is we 3:7; D. 84:16.) C. & six given ago. months will recall You it straight in for our get hard not to minds and get of the idea a me man that he extended invitation an to the ideas of confused the theories of with and first ahead before Adam, the man. peoples of the world. It began with believe do men, not also the Lord said Lord who The what that the was Adam these words:

first flesh has fall revealed respect of to with the I (Moses as 3:7) which, understand it, the first means mortal on the Adam. I desire to use this opportunity to ex-

I understand from Now, I believe with Enoch, "... Be- a statement tend an invitation. of earth. To the people...

the Church, there is nothing novel in this in the book of Moses, which was made cause that Adam fell, we are; and by

invitation. Although it has gone out to by Enoch, that there was no death in his fall came death;"(Moses 6:48) that

the people of the world for more than a the world before Adam. (Moses 6:48; every man must die, as Brother Petersen

century, still there are of few the world see also I yesterday. said believe to 2 that 2:22.) Nephi meet said: Enoch

fully its understandwho is import. This it justice, the of took the demands

invitation,. the.. addressed: All death hath Men, come To our fathers; upon of Christ to atonement Jesus redeem Children. and neverthelessWomen, Friends: Dear know them, we You and cannot that that from death, they men may are cordially earnestly first deny, invited and to parand the even of all know, we

raised spirits be again their have ticipate and in building the even of Adam. kingdom God

in the earth. Place—Everywhere. TimeFor a book of remembrance we have and their bodies, which are separated

Now. (Ibid., October, 1952, pp. 9798.) written among us, according to the pattern through death, reunited. I believe that

given by the finger of God; and it is given through the atonement of Jesus Christ

in our President language. Richards, 6:4546.) own (Moses that remember we whatever "transgression"comAdam

talk. great it. reread have We We for, mitted paid was in that as and I understand this from that Enochpray our Eternal God, Father, to bring all die, so shall in Christ even Adam could read about in a which book Adam that backyou give you more may many all alive, be living every creature. made had written been the tutelage under of talks.such (I 15:22; Cor. I C. 29:24, D. 77:2.) & Almighty God. there Thus were no President in believe, the too, McKay, opening adthat the through atonement prehistoric could men write not whodress of this of conference, said Christ there Jesus sins, individual were your my because living in the men of days things thattwo sins, should do. individual we of the sins individual and One

first Adam, the was who wrote. man, tothem was of put our in every order; homes being that lived ever human

I scientist. I not a pronot do amthe other to or was bear ever witness will of live the the earth upon were fess to anything Christ, but Jesus knowRedeemer. for, thus atoned was He in quoted the condition that acupon we crucified, and him the principles andpress: cept the it gospel live to and the end of his If, gospel. however, are there of lives. our

things some strata in the of the earth President his in McKay, opening mes- I that I lives. know Redeemer my indicating there before were tosage the Adam, men Church membership, emphasized it shall I not better know stand when they were not he greatwhat ancestors termed of duties the of two LatterAdam. before the of I bar to judged. be God Saints: to theirday put in order, (1) homes of son the was God. Adam was He

is that I Jesus know the Redeemer. toand proclaim the divinity (2) of the brother, elder our not older than Jesus, bear that witness to you, not ofmission Christ. from Jesus what but our in brother he the was same people I it told have a. bear me; of out sense that Jesus brother, our was and he

I just like say to a about word knowledge to revealed would the by Holy me "fell"life. to earth did not He come Spirit. of of testimony mission to this the Jesus As knowledge, Lord, themy through line up an unbroken of organic

I little after toChrist. farther go a want the commanding early Apostles evolution. to fall. There be a had

if I this for ofback a testify can dispensation given to be moment, that the fell that "Adam be."might men (2 Spirit of the wordsguidance to the he to by Lord had spoken of them were 2:25.) Nephi

said: him, accurately, truth thespeak and men- I will go on this scripread and now greattion the condition to precedent

it: I ture before forget it is For voice which speaketh my them efficacy ofthe the mission of Jesus for unto'you; they are given Spirit by my isChrist. condition That precedent For a of book you, unto remembrance and by have power we you read can my

of missionthe Father because Adam, written us, among according to the pattern (Continued on page 444) 442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

Hurrying a young man Sf into success

Hi Hk

If a young man could only see into the future and atomic power for planes is a group of research read what would happen to him in business, he'd associates, research assistants and engineers, averbe mighty enthusiastic about his first job. aging less than 34 years of age.

"I want to be where my best talents can be used. Three young men in their twenties designed Gen-

I need to polish those talents—not just by schooling, eral Electric's first largescale reactor to produce

but by new learning at my work. I don't want to be that new chemical prodigy, silicones. And they

blocked or 'lost'in the crowd. I want to work with received the Company's top award for outstandpeople who know more than I do and have new ing achievement.

responsibilities waiting for me if I succeed in my

The armament system for the famous B-29 was first work."

We'd like to say right here that any company developed by a team of G-E engineers whose average age was 26.

worth its salt has exactly that job prescription written for the future of the young men it hires. One thing we do know—when we take trained

Some of our knottiest problems have been unyoung men and supply them with an experienced raveled by young men. To be sure, they have had organization and planning, then put at their disposal

the counsel of older experts to hurry their success. our resources and manufacturing knowhow, the

But isn't that what a young man wants? results surprise even the young men themselves.'

At General Electric, for example, in the fields of The speed with which America's young scientists jet engines and electronics, gray hair is scarce. and engineers are developed will in large measure

In one division the average age is 29 among the determine the rate of America's future progress.

767 engineers working on such things as gyro- (A new booklet hasjust been published: "This is General

scopic gunsights, autopilots for jet fighters, Electric."In it we describe the methods we use for chanbomber armament systems, naval gunfire controls, neling talented young men into the new fields that are

guided missiles. constantly being created by the everwidening uses for electricity. For a copy, address General Electric, Room 12329

Working on atomic power for submarines and Schenectady, N. Y.)

oa crni /ndy&afc (xmAhfewce ir,

GENERAL ELECTRIC JUNE 1953 443 or spiritual. Work has no substitute.

Marion 6. Romney continued Idleness brings neither profit, nor advantage, nor good—only a withering decay and

death. The world is near to forgetting all

them one to another; and save it were by So is everyone who cannot follow the this; I hope that we as a people shall keep

my power you could not have them; living prophet of God. it ever in remembrance, for in proportion

rule. evil will (Conferit is forgotten, testify have that as you you can Wherefore, before thing say to one more I want

103.) April, Report, p. 1933, words. voice, ence andheard know my my sit twentieth I the being Today down.

18:3536.)(D. & C. call to Clark's of Brother anniversary through work I watched him have I to First Presidency, pay him want to the this witness "bear to I willing am brethren. other the years, as have

I tribute. the love Although him. a all to andall Saints and men the he the example appreciate greatly theseWe all to to go the Mexico Lord had way sinners, saints and everywhere,women us. for set has I grateful to that find him, he City am is it eternal for the allin world, the this let say by way conclusion, In me this give to us brought back twenty himtruth. brothers Work, statement. general of I a service. years of to read want I Smith Prophet the that Joseph know Get in sisters, the kingdom. work and the message gave he statement from I saw of he prophet a God. knowwas it I gospel. think of the testimony the it his of ago. years he In spoke twenty his Son, Father, Eternal and theGod, to for is and disgrace women a men of the great apprehension humility and I did. not Christ, as says was he heJesus after day ground the same stand on felt as the to could meet he he whether his Ithere, account many, read but have their knowledge their testimony, in day his of In position. requirements new his account times. Frommany, many the in their work gospel, and the of telling anticipated, of the he he foys picture,I but get in a mental mind my forward. go should Church. We We said:I that he get had knowledge did not my all time, the mettle to our be on ought

I received source. vision thatthe from shall for of too, the joy work, have lives, doing We perfecting our reaching,

it of the whisperings Holy the from is also that he work, went he might man to preparing forward going work, more

ISpirit, whisperings those have and had forth of the to the innocence from Eden live in the Redeemer. the meet We evil, of as with Godlike good knowledgein and Enos the had same when mind my his must coming. before just day We it seems the Divine said, of the voice the Lordhe "... blessing—not curse—as in the work speed the day, speed of face shalt to the thy "In thou sweat me: into (Enos 10.) mind."came my that great day, extremity, that for in eat save bread."no we preparation And man I prinrevealed every that know God living violate rightfully that law by by of may souls in rest the kingdom our may salvatociple of necessary the salvation

It of his brother. the the sweat from brow all I do, and hope which we God, may totion of Smith. Prophet the Joseph men is that eternal, inescapable growth the law

I know that his successor who sits here comes only from work and preparation, so pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

today, David O. McKay, holds every whether the growth be material, mental, Amen.

power and every authority and all the—unlesspriesthoodit thatbe thethe keysProphetof thisJosephlast haddispensation—but every power that is necessary to the salvation of men, he holds.

Nobody has a testimony of the gospel that will save him unless he knows it, too.

It is an easy thing to believe in thedead prophets, but it is a greater thing FRIENDSHIP to believe in the living prophets. I

will give you an illustration.

One day when President Grant was office living, I sat in my across the by Henry D. Moyle conference. general street following a

A man came over to see me, an elderly OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE man. He was very upset about what

had been said in this conference by some of the Brethren, including myself. Henry D. Moyle

I could tell from his speech that he came from a foreign land. After I had

quieted him enough so he would listen, have all been thrilled with the where, in other regions of the universal acting, souls enduring, are and power, now of inspired, testimony marvelous, I said, to did America?"you come "Why We love daring, which can us and which we Every Elder G. Romney. Marion "I of a here prophet because came ourselves love. congratulate can may We a responsive uttered found that he word told to come."God me follies, of of nonage, period that the

"Who was the prophet?"I continued. chord in my being. And I should like blunder, and of shame, is passed in soliof

"Wilford Woodruff."to say amen to all that he said. tude, and when we are finished men, we

"Do you believe Wilford Woodruff I have a feeling akin to the last stateshall grasp heroic hands in heroic hands.

was a prophet of God?"ment which he made, concerning the Only be admonished by what you already

friendship with see, of leagues to strike not to in for necessity lives by our us show he. said "Yes,"

be. friendship can persons cheap where no in faith that the works, have our we his successor, that believe "Do you into rash betrays us impatience and Our Christ. of the gospel Jesus prophet a Snow, wasPresident Lorenzo attends. alliances foolish By god which no

of God?"If we believe, as we profess, we should persisting in yoor path, though you forfeit

"Yes, I do."constitute the greatest body of friends the little, you gain the greater.

"Do you believe that President Joseph the earth has ever known. I have been

F. Smith was a prophet of God?"reading recently the statement of a great I am conscious today that had there

"Yes, sir."writer who must have had a deep income into Emerson's life that which has

sight into the subject of friendship, come into yours and mine, the power

Then came the "sixtyfour dollar though his attitude toward the same of the priesthood of God, he would question."you believe "Do different cynical. had a somewhat have been He have that Heber may

prophet of God?"Grant is a J. friendship. of said, conception from Emerson: and I am quoting idea, aWedifferenthave

His answer: "I think he ought to spoken frequently during this conferof friendstyle the higher demand we The asold age about his shut divinitykeep of of mouth testimony the our ence

it less establish to of the course, ship, sistance."are in engaged. of the which work we in alone blood. flesh walk with and Weeasy lives, that that Jesus is know God in his that I tell you a man We are desire Now as such Friends the world. we

position is on the way to apostasy. He dreams and fables. But a sublime hope the Christ. We know that the Savior

is forfeiting his chances for eternal life. cheers even the faithful heart, that else- (Continued on page 446)

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOLLOW THE SIMPLE DIRECTIONS AND YOU'LL TURN OUT

I perfect U and JAM mWBERRYcan't help being successful in your strawberry jam sessions You if you use ripe but sound fruit, pure U and I Sugar, the correct amount of pectin, and follow the steps. The RESULTS, rewarding dividends in personal satisfaction, economical savings, and

in the pleasure of good eating.

Wash, hull, and crush 2 qts. ripe strawberries, one layer at Add 1 package powdered pectin to strawberries; mix wel

a time, using a kitchen masher to assure an even textured Set over high heat; stir until mixture comes to a hard boil.

jam. Measure 4 cups crushed fruit into kettle. Measure Add U & I Sugar and boil hard I minute. Remove from / 7 cups U & 1 FINE GRANULATED SUGAR into bowl and heat. Stir and skim by turns for 5 minutes to prevent set aside. 2 floating fruit.]

k For all your canning, be m sure to use PURE U AND I SUGAR, often referred to as "crystallized sunshine and Ladle quickly into prepared glasses. water"

ff3 MJmM

Cover at once with Vs inch hot paraffin. Yield: about ten

6-oz. glasses.4

JUNE 1953 445 I am grateful for the opportunity I

Henry D. Moyle Continued have of associating with men who know

what it is to belong to an association as together friends, true of we bound affeclove, is bestow love.of should Begotten the only mankind Son We of Priesthood. the the are Holy bonds by our wives tion, I and devotionof upon to the these Father. and bear witness as I to that today witness bear you we

lives the into us I radiate all letfacts from that in likewise solemnity, and affections friendships create these and all go children. from of our fact to to we bear that witness thewant May for another, can one that have we we lives is our throughoutthere our just homes and of that brotherhood a man, our eternally through continue them

fellow is contacts our our inas with elder so Jesus are our men of principles to truth the and obedience for love, affection that that radiating ourselves. brethren to belong awe Webrother, to right. brethren up you come When to give willsociety mankind in there mankind which perfect which can be a as brother shake your hand and me my respect, obediIt confidence, evenfriendship. a an a of requires us one but I office to to respect the which pay and

to profess. that is encething, which that that the and we keep comwe called, into there have comes been my

It is this of fellowGod.mandments I this friendimpressed consciousness being a that that morning was when

ship, this brotherhood that makes it Elder Harold B. Lee was talking to the ship is of no limited duration, but it

possible for us to magnify the priestmissionary meeting in the Assembly is just as eternal in its nature as the hood of God which has been conferred Hall as to the qualifications of missionpriesthood which we possess and which upon us as men of Israel in these latter aries. I tell you, brethren, there is no causes us to assure one another by that

days. power on earth by which we can penehandshake that we truly love one an-

I want to bear witness to you today, trate the souls of men, the equal of other as sons of our Heavenly Father.

my brethren, that none of us can magnithat radiation of love and affection I pray that we may go away from fy our callings in the priesthood, none which will naturally pass from us to this meeting, from this great conferof us can exercise the power of the those to whom we bring truth and ence, with our testimonies renewed, and priesthood efficaciously, and none of us light and knowledge and understanding. with our desires to serve the Lord and

that witnesscan have into our come increased. his Maykeep commandments this of sort friendship in owe the Wehearts that gives us that knowledge all, great be, after are there only two this family, affection, for love and our ofsupreme of the existence and God a spoken have commandments. We brothers sisters our in the own and ownhis Christ, Jesus Son unless are we I great both. the love deal about them that itself reflect home, that might intrue brothers, unless to belong so- a we all all heart, with Lord with and my lives, in our contacts our the world. withciety of love another, one men who I soul, desire other have no and my are will to witness bear What we our are toand devoted another, one who life I serve that to in him. than hope friends eloquently more than any words haye in confidencewho another, one life I to of in the go on end may my or any testimony that speak. can we areand to apt forgive more much who I journey, retaining love that which

the mistakes of one another than to Elder Romney's testimony this afterhave in my heart for him. I have no

criticize that which we may see amiss noon would not have had the effect greater desire than to have that same in our neighbor. upon me that it had if I had not known love for all my fellow men. I hope I

Emerson goes on to say in that beauthat in his heart he has a love for his may be bound closely to my brothers tiful essay of his on friendship, I love fellow men, willing to devote himself, and my sisters in the kingdom of God, to read it, that it is difficult if not imhis life, all that he has and is, all that and that that relationship may be possible for true friendship to exist he ever hopes to be to bring to them eternal and be righteous, I pray, humbly, between more than two people. He the satisfaction that the testimony of in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

writes further: his has brought to him. Amen.

Friendship demands a religious treatment.

We talk of choosing our friends, but friends are selfelected. Let me be alone to the

end of the world rather than my friendshould overstep by word or look his real Monuments To sympathy. I am equally balked by antagonism and by compliance. Let him not

cease an instant to be himself. I hate when

I looked for a manly furtherance or at least a manly resistance to find a mush of concession. Spirituality

Oh, how I wish that he had felt that brotherhood of God which exists in the lives and in the hearts and in the spirit of the men of Israel today, who by Stayner Richards are magnifying their callings in the ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEpriesthood.

As President McKay, at the opening of this great conference, spoke of the home, I could not help feeling that the degree of brotherhood, that degree of Stayner Richards friendship which you and I exhibit in our lives may well demonstrate the confter almost a lifetime of acquaintdentally, are equal to any occasion, and tacts, the experiences, the influences of /l ance with Adam S. Bennion, I want possibly I may be pardoned if I tell

the homes in which we are raised. I li to assure him and assure you that a little experience that would prove

know as I live that if I reflect in my life I can support him in his new position this to the brethren.

the love and the affection, the devoone hundred percent. I am sure with On one occasion a small boy returned

tion that my father had for my mother, his intellectual talents, the faith that he from Sunday School where apparently then I must constantly pray to my has in God, that he will add greatly they had been talking about the DarHeavenly Father for the strength and to the strength of the Church. winian theory, and as he entered the

the courage to do his will and to keep In listening to the reports of the home, he said, "Mother, am I descended his commandments. I am sure that twentyfive or more mission presidents, from a monkey?"She said, "I don't

there is nothing that we can do, breth- I noted that each one paid a glowing know, Jimmy, I didn't know your ren who hold the priesthood, more imtribute to his wife. Certainly these father's folks very well."

portant in our lives than to bring into sisters and the others of the Church If I may enjoy an interest in your our homes that greatest power of all, are doing a wonderful work and, inci- {Continued on page 448) 446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From faraway placesmore oil for you

In Sumatra back in 1924, Standard Oil Company of California geologists began mapping possible deposits of oil. But not until last year did Sumatran

wells start adding to available oil supplies. This operation, costing some

$62 million to date, was pioneered by Standard. It is now carried on jointly

with The Texas Company under the name "Caltex."

IntO San FrancisCO Bay come tankers carrying in the near future by refineries which Caltex is helping to

Sumatran crude—returns on the gamble Standard underbuild. <I And, of course, the Sumatran oil brought into this

took nearly 30 years ago. Other shipments go elsewhere country helps keep you in gasoline and the many other

in the world, aiding progress and adding defensive strength. petroleum products you've come to rely on. <I The foreign

Four friendly nations in particular benefit directly. First, of activities of Standard Oil Company of California, typified by

course, is the young Indonesian Republic, of which Sumatra this flow of crude from faraway Sumatra, are constantly is a part. Then Australia, Japan and the Philippines. They being expanded, as an added guarantee that petroleum

produce practically no oil of their own, but will be supplied needs of the free world will continue to be met.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JUNE 1953 447 der the direction of Elder Howard and his associates. They haveJ.Stayner Richards Continued McKean

caused these monuments to spirituality faith deto be and erected with good hasn't Spirit been of the program Lord feelings the This building and signs, excellent materials, workand fine

I like to the stakes wards but to speak for confined minutes, and would a few practical are manship. Because they fields, I into mission the to that out chosen subject spread has a have upon

builders, effect to able they have been lands, First all foreign Spirituality."to the in of parts call "Monuments

substantial savings to the and Church curtain,""iron of like the the except I and to mention behind make would to faith stakes. the wards Great 'and I isles sea. in of that construction every the the Los temple under knownew has bishops, manifested the been by

It just present a privilege here today president mission Angeles. was my presidents, stake local building and still fields after this foreign in those the attending morning, out ago andweek

in committees undertaking the conplaces, testify Stake, these that the in Angeles and Los conference a can new struction of these lovely buildings. A propurchased, that construction the those been through to have be shown

faithpromoting could written volume be to in places lovely viding meet, there Elder Jacobsen, Soren which bywork rich the about experiences that have of to in building great the directly operain a charge help been them have to blessings of them. the come The I tions. idea proselyting that work. think he have have must no You And

It bounds. Lord would have no known it is spirit for of the ancient in a missionary the wonderful had mind how

spirit the of that the pioneer seem said, investigators certain after the "Except prophet working Lord with who build the house, they labour in vain to be able to invite them into a suitable builders had returned, for they built by that build it,"(Psalms 127:1) for you place in which to worship. faith. As an outstanding example, may

I in this about Tabernacle mention interested that every to will be know I of president the asked the by was is It are worshiping. which now we start calls before they work, hemorning I as Mission Western Canadian met feet feet 150 long wide 250 70 by and there together the have and workmen tell to other please the day him my It feet high. built 1863 was between prayer. that of that sure I'm a word brother the that prophecy he which or materials finished 1867 and no when is in to dividends practice going pay at the the dedicated time beauhe made steel tools bolts nails or or modern a greater certainly finer construction and tiful in Alberta, chapel Edmonton, up available. were the only had They I in the interest work. was happy And in stated, "This Canada, he which of timbers the canyons nearby and notice that to the a during hour and building will of missionary a the be tools very crude machinery. and Under I those going spent half through workliterally fulfilled, has Church,"been

it conditions, faith these strong took I loafing, never ings one nor saw man of that that and prominent people many to erection this of undertake the unusual I tobacco, using never anyone and rapidly city inare growing becoming elliptical roof. lattice fitted trusses The profaning. that oneheard Now, man terested in the Church. together pegs with cowwooden and case, at the always not but bemay British a Mission the in number Over feet. least hide 150 span must The it be. least that might hope we

I conthat of understand ago, years trusses of spreading kick the out would

I traveled through a have As numof closing to the sideration given was piers stone the below. prominent A

I stakes of of Zion, the ber have been there District Scottish because were the east, of after the engineer examining thrilled and impressed with the wononly a very few converts being made this roof on the inside, stated that it derful new buildings that have been there. During the last three years there constituted the greatest demonstration

stakes. in erected the wards and to of seventyfive average Inhas been an of faith that he had seen in any conconstitute source of pride adeed they a baptisms, I think to and a hundred struction.

to every Latterday Saint, and they are great extent it is because of the fine, sisters, and a credit to the community, and a still suitable places of worship owned by Now, my brethren and greater credit to the Church. They all the Church now in the cities of Glasespecially you bishops and stake and

have a spire pointing heavenward, ingow, Edinburgh, Dundee, and Aberdeen. mission presidents, we now rejoice in

dicating that they are houses of the Just a short time ago I had the privilege and are grateful for these beautiful

Lord. They are well designed and built of interviewing a returned missionary buildings. May I make just a few sugof fine materials. After the landscaping from France, and he told me that he atgestions to you? In the first place, let

of the grounds around them, they are tended the last baptismal service held us keep them all clean and in order an inspiration and incentive for all the in that mission and that a number of and maintain them in good condition.

members of our Church living in those those that were baptized first got their Then let's encourage all of our people communities to beautify their own interest in the Church because of the to show respect and reverence to them places. fine building that the Church now as houses of the Lord. Above everyAs you enter these buildings, you are owns in Paris. thing else, let us follow the advice just

as serve Moyle: given us Elder Let facilitiesthrilled by the with wonderful

fine buildIt that stated each has been stakes, leaders infor the wards, worship, and classwork, and recreation and

If is missionaries. to ten equal ing spirit this missions in these buildings, for alike. in theprovided old the and young

is there case, been have added the then of love carry kindness. recreation Let chapel, hall, us all and on andThe

effective silent or but more 9,000 as says, artistically our the Master "Serve areother so each work rooms decorated, force. the righteousness"of to "preachers love,"in other in that colors walls, of the such drapes, thewith no a way

and floor coverings blending into such These buildings, my brethren and offenses can be taken by anyone. Finalan attractive picture, that you know sisters, are all made possible by the ly, though it may not be possible to

expert attention has been given to these payment of tithes and contributions of have neon signs at the top of all of items. cash and labor by the membership of these spires as I would like to see, with

The building of these lovely edifices the Church, and I say unto you, God these words: "Jesus is the Christ,"let

has afforded the opportunity of bringbless you, my brethren and sisters, for us hope that the testimonies of the ing into activity many of the inactive your faith and for your generosity. Also leaders and members alike bear witness

members of the Church. I think it I am sure that we're all grateful and of this great truth and this work is of

is safe to say that because of the conoften go to our knees in prayer in apGod, and that the gospel as established struction since the war of these nine preciation to the Lord for the First in the last days is for the salvation of hundred or more buildings that have Presidency of our Church, for their all honest people throughout the world.

been dedicated or are ready for dedicaforesight and their wisdom in inauguratAnd then again, let us invite all visitors tion or are now under construction, ing this great building program of the to come to these places and assure them that in each case there have been at Church. We have been growing rapidthat they will never be embarrassed by

least ten or twelve inactive men brought ly, spiritually, and it became necessary having a collection plate passed before into the Church, and that would mean to grow in a physical way to take care them. Freely we have received, and

at least 10,000 families, formerly inof the membership of the Church. freely we give unto the world. God

active in the Church, now active and Possibly it may not be considered bless you all, my brethren and sisters, enjoying the great blessings of the inappropriate to say a word about the I humbly pray in the name of Jesus gospel. building department of the Church unChrist. Amen.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

. or fen or twenty!

You'll be healthier and happier if you completely

relax from time to time during the day. And, DOUBLE OR NOTHING

Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 11 a.f

to help you take your mind off your household FREEDOM RINGS

Tuesday and Thursday at 11 a.m.

duties, enjoy some of KSLTV's weekday ART LINKLETTER'S HOUSE PARTY

Monday through Friday at 1:30 a.m.

BIG PAYOFF favorites. Take this five, for example: <'THE

through Friday at 1 2 noon Monday

STRIKE IT RICH

Monday through Friday at 2:30 p.m.

v For tele vie wing at its best all the time, it's KSLTV Channel 5

JUNE 1953 449 BIG VALUE IN A With Faith—FOLDING ARM

CHAIR And

Without Fear

Richard L. Evans

by Richard L. Evans

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

First of all, I should like to thank ago, including two comments concernBrother Marion G. Romney for his ing the Prophet and the dire circumthoughtfulness for some great men, stances in which he found himself durfor whom I have deep affection, some ing the difficult Kirtland days. One is

present here, and some absent. At the from April 17, 1834:

Samson folding Tablet Armchair risk of some seeming repetition, I do

Series 2625 not feel that I can proceed without I attended a meeting agreeable to appointment, at time the which important sub- I acknowledging Dr. miss how much

First America's For jects Choice of the deliverance of the Zion and A. scientist, Widtsoe, educator,

Cost Longer of Low building Low..Upkeep. John the Lord's Life e in House Kirtland author, publicservant, personal counwere discussed Elder by After Rigdon. There's Folding a Samson Chair selor, friend, of and God. man May I lectuie, the requested the brethren Public For Every Seating and Need

his blessed, his be memory family sisters be to all contribute the they money—Ideal for—blessedand principlesand comforted,for whichand hethe gavepurposeshis couldceived fortwentyninethe deliverancedollars ofandZionsixtyeightand reSCHOOL ROOMS life be prospered. cents. (D.H.C. 11:50.)

President Richards, to and And to a year later, About a half and apMEETING ROOMS Brother likewise, afsincere Bowen my proaching the Christmas season, Decemfection appreciation blessing. and and Folding The Samson Tablet ber 9, 1835, the Prophet Smith Joseph

to President and PresiMcKay, writes again: Armchair—Series 2625 Likewisedent Clark, Smith, and President and

these other brethren we have with whom south, strong, At home. and chilly. Wind * Tablet Arm, 5-Ply Selected Hardwoods the privilege of associating the Elder in this among Packard came morning, and

of a present dollars, twelve Authorities. me which It is a choice and made * TubularSteel

in against he held a note me. God May Legs & Frame—19 richGeneralfriendship and fellowship. gauge

for his Also, bless him James sent Aldrich of Jesse by hand me myliberality.note * Electrically Welded Construction of Andwelcometo Dr. Adamfrom S.me:Bennion,presumptuousa word Hitchcock, there twelve on which was

* Double CrossBraced Tubular Legs though it may be, I feel that I must dollars due, and may God bless him for * SafetyGuard Hinges Protect Hands speakmany it.satisfyingI have beenassociationsprivilegedwithto havehim. whosehis kindnessnames areto writtenme. Alsobelow theopenedbrethrentheir

* ConcaveFormed Comfort Seat I recall when he was Church commishearts in great liberality, and paid me at committee's store, the set opposite sums their {Ibid., 11:32627.) respective names. * CompoundCurved Posture Back sionerin highof school:education,HowandwiseI wasanda studentmature the

* Bonderized for Rust Resistance and old he looked to me when I was There follow twenty names with contributions fifty ranging from to cents * ChipResistant, Baked Enamel Finish youngsixteen,heandappearshow ableto meandnowmaturethat I andam $5.25, totaling for $40.50, the which

I past sixteen. sure that am says, Prophet

tall, MEASUREMENTS: 20V2 "somewhatI OPEN—30W has. have changed than he more much

wide. Seat by 153,4"wide, deep 15'A"

swells with gratitude inexthat'My heart are thoughts convinced I am 16"with clearance between upframe pressible, I realize the when great conit of rights. contagious. is that evidence Front of seat I71/2"floor. The from

descension Heavenly Father, in openof my Covers floor space if wide 27%"by subjects of those 2OV2"that not most ing hearts the of these "many brethren my beloved front to back. tall, CLOSED—39"at this 20V2 have spoken us on might any of to administer liberally so wants. to my wide, thick from curve to of back VA"so already conference been have won- {Ibid., 11:327.) front of tablet arm. derfully covered, well have been and we

the beneficiaries of a marvelous outpourMay God help us to do as well with ing of the Spirit of our Father in heaven. what we have as they did with what

But I could not help thinking as I heard they had.

the opening report and message of I think we shall go from here today ZCMI President McKay, and the statistical with an awareness in our hearts that

SCHOOL and OFFICE data concerning the progress of the we have been taught well. I hope that

Church at the same session, of some we shall go from here with an awareness

SUPPL Y of the experiences and hardships and that we must be doers of the word and contrasts of the Prophet Smith Joseph not hearers only, not must that we 57 So. State St. Salt Lake City office to the and his associates. I went stand listen only. by and I think it was

Phone 3-1575—Ext. 442 following that session and sought out Emerson who said, "Tis man's perdisome things that I had read some time tion to be safe, when for the truth he

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ought to die."I should like to paraphrase this sentence and say, 'Tis

man's perdition to be complacent and inactive, when for the truth he ought to live, when he ought to be doing what he knows he ought to be doing."I

return to a favorite theme of mine: As

we stand before the Great Judge of all of us, I think it shall not be what we don't know that will get us into trouble or that will cause penalties to come upon us. I think we know enough for

our salvation and exaltation in the highest that the Father can give us. I

think our difficulties will come rather from what we do know and ignore and fail to live up to; and merciful as our

Father may be, kind and indulgent and gracious as he may be, there are some things he cannot give to us, as there are some things we cannot give to our own children, except as they earn them and live them and are deserving of them and make them a part of themselves.

I recall from the tenth chapter of

Mark the request of James and John, the sons of Zebedee, that they be permitted to sit on the right hand and the left hand of the Savior, and how he said unto them, "Ye know not what ye ask:... to sit on my right hand and

on my left hand is not mine to give...."

(Mark 10:38, 40.) No matter how much

he may love us, there are some things the Father give cannot us except as Organ special Wicks we The learn except them, live as well as we for designed and console as we know how to live, except as we the Boston, American keep his commandments, and do what Guild of Organists Convention.

we know we should be doing. Details and price for this size

Now, I should like to close with a instrument gladly furnished.

thought that I take from our new associate, Dr. Adam S. Bennion, whom

you have sustained this day. I havenever heard a finer baccalaureate adJQowT?. YOU CAN OWN

dress than he delivered at the University year aof Utah ago called or two "The P\PE ORGAN of the Lord,"Candle in told, A WICKS which he hisin extemporaneous remarks (and I at the price of imitationsthink perhaps it is not in the printed as it)address he gave puzzled how he There is nothing in hiswas youth having upon heard than the WICKSfinerORGAN.for Church... orThisTabernacleinstrumentservicebestor having in read Sunday School the

passage of scripture in II Samuel in fills the need of the organist. In each case, it is specifically

which it recounts that "it came to pass built to meet the demands of the service for which it is in an eveningtide, that David arose intended.

off hisfrom bed, and walked upon is It beautiful the The to hear. to see and WICKS ORGAN

roof of the king's..."(II house. Samuel is a its joy to play and low performance mainand—11:2.)

will costs tenance inForty-six you. of years amaze

I was much impressed when I heard tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ

Dr. Bennion say how that passage giving to the world one of the great instruments of all

puzzled him because all the roofs that time.

in his inhe had youth known the Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).area lived so steeply were he in which

thatconstructed the king could Dowling not Please 1651 Ashlandwell walked them. have upon And

Calif. Monica,—for expertivrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. SantaLeonard toldBrother inquired he Bennion how

Chas. Melvin Hansen Lynn Gararden satis- H. Vernonof Dunn received W. his teacher W. and no

1st 10708 Ave., 8th 603 Donald Ave. 25 Ave. Gate S. Mac 98 Golden AllenN.W. asfactory answer, but soon as he 33, Salt 2, Calif. City, Arizona Mesa, Washington Lake Utah Seattle Francisco later San

learned that there were places in the world in which there were not only flat roofs also people a but where made lives of living part ofpractice their a Cke WICKS ORGAN upon them, walking upon them andresting upon them, the question was COMPANY cleared for him. Please write Dept. E-2 I am sure that many of the unanWICKS

swered questions that confront us willbe answered as easily as this one was HIGHLAND,.. ILLINOIS ORGANS

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1953 451 Richard 1. Evans continued

for him, when he couldn't understand that this Church believes in the future, how the king could walk on a roof in and I say to you young people, go the evening because he had only known forth and live your lives with faith, steep, sharply constructed roofs that without fear, reserving judgment where

For Improvement were made to shed the snow. you need to, and trusting to the Lord

all our people: truth. forth into to young lead To you and Go God Readers Only! Era for truth, fear, search without but with

I testimony. leave with you my May faith. find discrepancies, or you Where to I of dethose had not one was who

discrepancies, reserve seeming judgment. father to leave cide and mother and

is of us, eternity time There ahead and to friends things other and family and NEW 1953 NECCHI also. are Theories changing; textbooks this identified with Church. become My are constantly outdated; becoming new for in that did and grandparents me, MAHOGANY OR IN WALNUT discoveries are being made; and when greatgrandparents. instance one my My

all pieces are the place in put and fifth in the generation sons represent the is everything picture the up, added and of I those you congratulate Church.

is complete, the as will answers seem decision this and face who did who satisfying simple as and the to answer I But kingdom. the into did come this lad, king a puzzled was by who I decisions. other faced some have

roof. the walking on alternathe considered earnestly have

life wellbalanced. to a Keep Keep to I where not tives, should know and

for the of time your and means some ageever to the the find to answers go things the of Lord. the service Study

if I life find not of could less questions as things that as other the well of God of I witness the leave here. you them for yourselves qualify to study must you

certain activities, and go forth with my conviction of the divinity of the faith, with trust. I think the world is Lord Jesus Christ, of the divine calling

going on for some time. There is great of the Prophet Joseph, and after him, of

work to be done. Our building prothe like calling of all those who have

gram, our temple in Europe, and other succeeded him. May God bless us, every

things seem to me to be the evidence one, I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

PLUS, AT NO EXTRA COST:

your choice of a 24.95 matchingbench or a 10.95 Keyhole ButtonThe Same Today,

holer and a 10.95 Necchi Miracle

... plus Necchi's 2.00Zigzagger

..all for only Yesterday, Book. SewingModern

189.95... if we recieve your order,

accompanied by this ad, by June 15. and Forever

ZCMI MONEY BACK GUARANTEE If this isn't the best machine on by John Longden the market at a price as much as John Longden ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE 50.00 more... your money returned.

ALL SHIPMENTS PREPAID Firm a Foundation, Ye Saints undergo a serious tragedy in havingUP TO 750 MILES! Howof the Lord."—our threeyear-old daughter, our first-

I am sure I gained strength from born child, taken beyond the veil. His

10.00 DOWN, 9.00 MONTHLY the last verse of that song. I have words at that time have rung true

prayed for each one who has occupied through the years. I know he will conthis position during the last three days, tribute much with his talents and his

and in return I know I shall receive of leadership to stir the membership of their faith and prayers in my behalf this Church as he visits throughout the as I stand here for a few moments this stakes.

afternoon. This was manifest when As I returned to this building just a

President Ivins placed while Christiansen, ago with Elder associate, and his NECCHI my

I good wife, beginning to rain. a few moments it was his hand on my arm

ago and said, "Hold on, we're with heard the strains from the organ playyou."ing "God Moves in a Mysterious Way

I, too, am happy to sustain Brother His Wonders to Perform."The words

Bennion who was chosen here this to one of the verses come to me:

morning as an Apostle of the Lord "Ye fearful Saints, fresh courage take;

Jesus Christ. I recall along with Sister The clouds ye so much dread are big

ZCMI SEWING Longden, how about twentyfour years with mercy

MACH/NES—ago he brought into our hearts and And shall break in blessing on your

souls the words Second Floor our us. comfort help Weof werethe Saviorcalled toto I head."realize that we have had great

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA blessings here in the past three days in the sessions of this conference;

one in particular—that we have been

brought out of the darkness of theworld and into the light of the glories EACLE of the gospel of Jesus Christ. I cannot

help reflecting upon the words of Peter, that great Apostle, when he said in hisday to that generation, HITCH

Ye are a chosen generation, a royal priestTractors hood, an holy nation, a peculiar people;

that ye should shew forth the praises of Enjoy all these advantages of Eagle of darkness you out hath called whohim hookup Farming—oneminute 2:9.) Hitch (I light. Peter his marvellousinto seat... Constant Hydraulic from driver's

Yes, we have been made partakers of Control for instant raising, lowering, the glorious light of the gospel of Jesus angling of rearmounted implements...

Christ. We have had great manifestashock-free steering, powerful brakes

tions of the inspiration of our Heavenly plus the added comfort and convenience conferof the sessions these inFather general- 2-plow, features of this NEW as reflecting I beenence. have Series Tractor. I have purpose Case "VA"

listened to the speakers that there has r been no improvement in the Ten Comthat they reported and it ismandments, old. BUILT CLOSE TO THE GROUND, years hundredare some thirtyfiveThere has been no greater wisdom given YET CLEARS THE CROP

our given by was that whichthan Lord Low platform... just a step from the ground and great his in Christ Jesusand SaviorSermon on the Mount, almost twenty reached by entering from the side—no need for climbcenturies ago. And there has been no ing over rearmounted implements. Low "Bodyguard"

greater teaching than that which was seat suspended on torsional rubber springs, to give

Smith the Prophet Joseph whengiven by years over a hundred askedhe was ago Vyoucontrols,daylongand cleareasy riding.vision Quick,for the handyjob. Yet,reachyouto getall

what were the tenets of our faith. He full crop clearance for "lookahead"cultivation with

gave what we now know as the Articles upfront cultivators, or behind with Eagle Hitch of Faith. They teach the world that mounting of sweeps, shovels or teeth. Adjustable front

Jesus son in his in believe and Godwe spacings. range of row rear wheeltread wide fits a Ghost, in the and and Christ, Holy and

jolts steering stops Shockfree ground from rough principles those also which confirmthey were taught by the Savior as to how prevents bruises, fatigue.

we might gain exaltation and eternal life. These truths are contained in the

gospel which has been restored for us today. Those Articles of Faith state

that men should have authority to perform the ordinances which pertain to the salvation and the exaltation of our

Heavenly Father's children. Also, we

believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive church. I am

grateful that in those Articles of Faith it teaches us that we believe the Bible to be the word of God as far as it is translated correctly. I am further grateful that I belong to a Church which

enables and encourages me to have a

Bible in my home and to peruse it and study it and understand its teachings.

4. And then the thirteenth article of our 'BSm'.-ut:--, * * faith,

true, in honest, chaste, being We believe to all in inLETS YOU WORK benevolent, doing good men, deed we may ON HILLSIDESmonition of Paul—Wesay that webelievefollowall thethings,adwe hope all things, we have endured many Low center of gravity and 4-wheel dethings, to hope be able to endure and all sign give unusual stability in working

is things. lovely virtuous, If there anything

or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek sidehill fields, renovating pastures, etc.

after these things. Like all Eagle Hitch Tractors... three

sizes and 15 models... this new lowObedience to the Ten Commandseater saves hundreds of motions every

ments, the Sermon on the Mount, and day, takes less time to hook up and get our own Articles of Faith revealed in to the job, gives you more productive light of glorious the bring willthis day field. in the time a date with your Make

lives. into our of Christ gospelthe Jesus for dealer personal a Case demonstraspiritual of partaken a haveWe tion. is this tractor convenient See how days. feast three past these have real We

... it increase helps production, how senses. of exercised our Godgiven some

We have come, and those of the listenlessen costs. J. I. Case Co., Dept. F-44,

(Continued on following page) Racine, Wis.

JUNE 1953 453 in several to subdue Satan was able He

John Longden Continued fourth as instances in the recorded chapter of Luke. You will find there

it states season, that a departed for Satan evil radio, the the viewing taughting promulgated audience and on and by all of us to giving to evidence and me is I testify to also one, that seenaudience Satan and have and you on TV, is there a time that never we when is I is real. things will these a notheard. take not a he myth; hope we He

of subject to temptations the won't be is real, register superstition;into that hearts endeavoring our might they he but

as live in the adversary as the long we carry of into souls, to our that our the might Heavenlydeep thwart work we

I to flesh. call attention your mortal

I for into Father. ourthese thankful messages back But wards and how am

scripture says the that other the which of light stakes, truly there that gospel precious the theour be might which returned Savior to Galilee in the power spirituality. gives strength shines of upsurge us us thean and upon

Spirit. the to truth. will of the hold has on been Power There reference made here to

to the powers which are manifest in be given us to overcome evil if we live My brothers and sisters, I'm sure we the earth: the power of Jesus Christ close to the teachings of this conferhave been filled with the Spirit of the

on the one hand, and on the other, the ence. We have no greater example than Lord Jesus Christ by the truths and

power of the adversary. Everything that given by the Savior himself as he light which have been given to us in

that is contrary to the teachings which had been tempted and tested, if you this conference. May we go back to

we have heard in this conference is please, for forty days and forty nights. our homes in the power of that Spirit,

for I bear witness to you that these things are true, that God lives, that

Jesus is the Christ, and that we have a prophet, seer, and revel ator, a mouthpiece of our Heavenly Father directing the affairs of this Church in the earth today, and these men whom we have sustained as Apostles are literally the true servants and special witnesses of the Master. This testimony I bear

to you in all humility and sincerity and in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Amen.

Little Gus

(Continued from page 397)

balance onehalf inch behind the wing spar."She put the wings

temporarily into place and secured them with stout rubber bands. Then

she tried to balance it again. It

was rearheavy. She dropped a few

pieces of wood into the front end, one at a time. She experimented until

she found just the right amount of weight. Now if she could carve a

little pilot, weighing just exactly enough, and not a featherweight too much, she could cement him into the cockpit, and he could balance the little plane. But after many tries

she discovered that she had not reckoned with the weight of the heavy rubber bands. When the wings were

cemented in place and the bands removed, the pilot was too heavy.

Radioactive Material is reduced to doses for steadies"It willthishaveplane,"to beshe a saidbabyto whoherindividual patients in this Radio Isotope Unit of the Veteran's Hosself. "I know! I'll carve Little Gus!"

pital, Seattle, Washington. Here, a prescribed dose is being measured Why is it easier to carve out a baby

out, with distillation apparatus on the shelf above. The laboratory than to carve a man? Perhaps a

tabletops are of sanitary, easyto-clean U'S'S Stainless Steel, and are woman knows her baby better.

removable for discard when they become too "hot"because of penetraWhen another tenant came down to use the washer, Janice removed tion of radioactive rays. Only steel can do so many jobs so welh her second batch; and when still another needed the space on top of the

machine, Janice hung the clothes.

But there was a burning inside of her to do justice by the Little Gus she was carving and to do balance to the little plane she was salvaging. In

U N I the instruction chart it said there was 454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a manual that explained further dethe hobby man assured her. "And Dixon said as he blew a kiss to Janice.

tails. Janice took up the original Little Gus will fly tomorrow. Don't And Bruce pivoted the plane around

Little Gus, fed him strained liver, put make it fly again in this cramped the small room once and they left.

him in his buggy and hurried to the lot. He needs the wide open spaces. Janice picked up her baby and

hobby store a mile away to buy the He can't really open up his wings in hugged him tight. "They didn't even

manual and tools. Time was so here."ask us to go along,"she whispered.

precious now. Two weeks was a On the morning of the contest, "But we didn't want to go with them

short time when you had a hobby. Bruce came early, holding the Dixonthis time, did we, Gus?"

You had to hurry with so inconseBruce creation high above his head. She stepped to the phone and dialed

quential chores as going and coming. The plane was blue and silver. A Mildred. "They've gone. It's safe

At the store the man told Janice decal of a mastodon head almost covto come now. Yes, we'll be ready as

about the contest. Yes, there was a ered the side of the fuselage. Little soon as you can get here."

sheet of contest rules, and filling it Gus was red and black, because red Mildred swung around in her conout and attaching two dollars would and black were the colors to be found vertible and took the baby while put her in the run. There was a in the basement. Janice went back after the little plane.

space for the name of her entry. Lit- "Well, wish us luck, Honey,"(Continued on following page)

tle Gus, she printed, and dug deeper into the "bootie"for the fee. The

motor cost extra. She was glad that

Mildred had paid her so well for the SO GOOD booties. The man at the store promised to help her if she ran into any

assembling snags. And Janice wheeledher purchases and her baby back YOUR ENGINE CAN

home. She remembered that since

Dix was at Bruce's she didn't need to expect him home for supper, andfor once she did not remember it OUTLAST YOUR CAR with a pang.

Janice worked late into the night.

She worked late for many nights. Before she went up to bed, she always

put the little plane in the coal room.

No one ever went in there since the gas had been installed.

And the final morning, when the boys were out at the airport trying out their model for the last time before the big meet the next day, Janice painted the mascot on the side of the cockpit. The mascot was Little

Gus, in nothing but a diaper and a pair of wings and a twinkle in his eye, leaning forward on a billowy cloud, all ready for the takeoff.

Janice was glad that she had taken two years of advertising art in high school.

That afternoon, in the back yard of the hobby store, Little Gus made its first flight. Janice was sure that

she could never fly it. But the man

at the store said that was part of the contest. So she did everything that

she was told and swung the littleplane in an arc to the right. Then r

breath. planeshe held her The little -AND SINCLAIRspiraled seconds, for ninety around

then slid smoothly into a glide andended up under a car in the parking GUARANTEES IT lot. Janice crawled after it. The V:

propeller had jiggled loose, the pilot had fallen on his nose, and the masASK ABOUT SINCLAIR'S AMAZING cot had skinned his wings where the 100,000 MILE ANTIWEAR GUARANTEE paint had not dried.

"There's time for those repairs,"SEE YOUR SINCLAIR DEALER

JUNE 1953 455 little Gus (Continued from preceding page) put your best foot

tle red overalls!"Mildred cuddled forward in "Golly, you are sweet in your lithim, and Little Gus smiled and

showed his new tooth.

At the airport it was inevitable that Janice and Mildred should run into Dix and Bruce.

"Gee, it was nice of you girls to come and watch our tryout,"Bruce said. "Yes, we thought it would have been nice if you had asked us,"

Mildred chided. Mildred was always

more forward than Janice.

"To tell the truth, we never thought about it,"Dix confessed. And Janice

knew that this was the truth.

"Some girls go to airplane meets regularly,"Mildred went on. "I understand some of them even enter the

contests.""Four or five girl entrants in this one,"Bruce admitted. "Soon be

no ground sacred to man but his burial plot."

in death the man is not Guaranteed To Wear "Even

One Year! without"Have theyou woman,"learned that,Mildredat last?"said.

asked. Bruce

* Good taste for business I read it in a book.""Well,

* Rugged enough for sports Just then the first tryouts were * Perfect for school wear called, and everyone moved forward.

* Comfortable at all times There were silver planes and yellow planes, orange ones, and white

The new absorbent finish lets them ones. And they all did well. But when

soak up moisture like soft cotton, the DixonBruce model launched into makes them always easy underfoot its spiral, men looked at their watches and quick drying. Choose navy, and counted the wide circles. One

a half, two and minute, two minutes, blue, rnaroon, steel gray, silver run, three. and This was the longest

gray, moss green, hunter green, it was still circling.

tan, yellow or brown. 10Vz13. "We've taken the tournament by a

ZCMI MEN'S FURNISHINGS—good two minutes,"Bruce whispered.

Street Floor "Don't count the chips yet,"Dix cautioned. "There's still another

Mail Orders to entry or two."

MARGOT MANNERS, ZCMI "There's nothing that can outslug

Salt Lake City, Utah the Mastodon."

Send the fol lowing soc ks at 79 a pair: "Don't be too sure."The plane

No. Size Color was in its last glide now. "Remember, the mastodon is extinct."The

little plane glided to a smooth threepoint landing and came to an even

Cash D Charge Q C.O.D. U stop."Four minutes and twentytwo secName

Address onds!"the loudspeaker boomed, and

City Zone....S{ate there was a great stirring among the

Please 5# postage, plus 3f for each addispectators.

tional pair. Utah residents also add 2% A couple more planes dipped and tax. state sales

dived, and one crashed into the announcer's booth.

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The next entry is Little Gus,"the announcer said. "Little Gus is the *

creation of Janice Potter. Janice is

new in these meets. This is her ifirst entry."ABeerByA*-

Janice handed the baby to his father and made her way to the little plane.

"Fly, Little Gus,"she whispered, and swung it into its arc. It wasn't

a practised start, but Little Gus seemed to make up for her trembling hand. It flew free and graceful into a wide arc. Men took hurried

glances to their watches and returned their eyes to Little Gus. This was a

real plane. Two and a half minutes,

three, three and a half. Its gas was

gone now, and he would have to come in on his own wind.

"This plane has the best balance yet,"one of the judges said. "Notice

the flight is. This is ahow even BECOMES A BARBECUE little plane!"game THAT BARROW Three and threequarters. Four. THE

Four and a quarter. Twenty seconds.

Twentyfive seconds. Thirty seconds. It was landing now. Janice

thought she would faint. "Don't

fall on your nose, Little Gus."And

Little Gus rolled to a stop at her feet. She stooped to pick it up when

a voice boomed from the loud speaker:

"Don't touch the model until it is examined for injury."Janice stepped

back, and a judge picked up the model and turned it in his hands. He

nodded to the man in the booth. "It's

okay, Jim."

judges words, a few and had The is lar steel frame and a big puncby far BEAUTY BARROW over voice the the loud camethen tire. tureproof for the best value the money.

speaker. "Little Gus is the winner for It's a top quality home and gar- A clever barbecue attachment

Janice Potter, with four minutes and den wheelbarrow and a practiinstantly converts it into a perthirty-seven seconds. This ends the cal barbecue cart as well! fect portable barbecue. Use it

it's easy to keeptwentysecond tournament for the Just compare—Beauty Barrow both ways,Junior Aeronautics Meet. If Mrs. holds big loads, yet it is light, clean—the heat won't harm the

Janice Potter will come to the perfectly balanced, with tubu- >arrow stand...."

Janice accepted the check and made a shaky speech. There was an addiYARD HOUSEKEEPING MADE EASY!

tional trophy that the Junior Chamber of Commerce had thrown in. It was CHIEF UNDERGROUND RECEIVERS

messy of unsightly, end the nuisancea pedestal for Little Gus.

spoil the cans which garbage When Janice had shaken the exty of your grounds. Animals beaucan't

tended judicial hands, most of the get at these receptacles—they're

installed below ground. Only thespectators had gone. The pedestal foot operated cover—painted

was too heavy to carry, and she felt green to harmonize with the lawnthe need of Dixon's strong arm. She shows above ground. They're easy

finally found him in Bruce's car. He to use and to empty.

was alone with the baby. He had Write for Free Descriptive Circular

the child's shoes off and was playing his "This Little Piggy"with are Mildred Bruce?"and "Where toes. NORTHWEST55 SPOKANEMETALSTREET SEATTLE,PRODUCTS,WASHINGTON INC

Janice asked.

(Concluded on following page) TUNE T953 457 Little Gus

(Concluded from preceding page) "Oh, they went home in Mildred's Can we build it? convertible. She said she wanted to

console him. He went away mumbling something about the man not

being without the woman in the grave.""Does he think he's going to die?"

"I think it nearly killed him, losing the match to a girl."

"And you?""Oh, I've had a wonderful time with this baby. Have you ever

noticed how his toes curl up when you play with his feet?"

"Sure. Every night when I bathe

him.""Where have I been all his life?"

And as they returned to get the plane Can we finance it? and the trophy, "Janice, how in the

world did you effect the balance?"

"If you must know, Dixon, I did it with Little Gus."

and here's how we can help—JSM

Starting with the plans, we will be happy to These Times handle everything connected with the building (Continued from page 378) of your new plans home. for have hunWe

dreds of designs new or can tures. Thus today we see national Rehome we...

conventions Democratic publican and furnish special architectural service. We also

sys- "rotation"Washington's extending largest offer the of materials and best selection and can supply you with immediate mortgage tem on a wide scale, with a Catholic financing. And as a final step, we will arrange cardinal or bishop, a Jewish rabbi, and

for a builder in whom we both can have com- a variety of Protestants (including repreplete confidence. It's the finest and most comsentatives of the colored congregations),

plete service ever offered home owners. Call invoking the divine blessing for each

us today? party.

Every president, in his inaugural address, from Washington to Truman, has included an appeal for divine blessing.

Washington's phrase, April 30, 1787, was inserted at both beginning and end. Early in his address we find:

... it would be peculiarly improper to

omit in this first official act my fervent

Being who that Almighty to supplications in presides universe, who rules over the proviwhose nations, of and councils jjjffi i 1 lit It Flit the dential aids can supply every human defect, that His benediction may consecrate to the liberties and happiness of the people of the

United States a Government instituted by themselves for these essential purposes....

In tendering this homage to the Great Author of every public and private good, I assure myself that it expresses your senti-

... CHRONOUDGCALOF THE BOLE CHART ments not less than my own.

General Zachary Taylor, inaugurated

March 5, 1849, perhaps said less in general, and less about Providence, than any other President, whereas in is aid great Bible of the the this study birth of which shows A the diagram date death and 1893 4, Cleveland, of Grover on Marchimportant characters, of reign kings, judges, the the the prophets, of the important events and and in the Bible to really from the end. the sheet. are beginning There side of the on two each final in his testimony""bore hisIn is one in the time reckoned other, the timediagrams—onebirth Christ. of Size from the and from Adam, 8V2"x20".

Price, SI. 00 postpaid. Write to... THOMAS J. YATES, 468 Sixth Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah sentences as follows:

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Above all, I know there is a Supreme Being who rules the affairs of men and whose goodness and mercy have always followed the American people, and I know He will not turn from us now if we humbly and reverently seek His powerful aid. RCHTIN'OIL GREAT NEW

Franklin D. Roosevelt's last inaugural,

January 20, 1945, closes with these words, eloquent in the midst of terrible warfare:

The Almighty God has blessed our land in many ways. He has given our people

stout hearts and strong arms with which to strike mighty blows for freedom and truth.

He has given to our country a faith which has become the hope of all peoples in an anguished world.

So we pray to Him for the vision to see our way clearly—to see the way that leads

to a better life for ourselves and for all our fellow men—to the achievement of

His will, to peace on earth.

Mr. Truman continued the tradition.

Now in 1953, President Dwight D.

Eisenhower has added a corollary, his famous, separate, uttered prayer, the invocation in which he invited the entire nation to join, as a prelude to his inaugural address. Since that time, many

national conventions of bankers, business and professional associations, have felt impelled to follow the President's lead.

There is political power in prayer in a land of nearly eightymillion active church members. But the politics of

prayer, despite its pragmatic sanctions,can never be justification; for, there is a UTOCO! NW'ACnON spirit in man, and the Spirit of God

giveth him these understanding—in Adds Miles To Your Engine Life! astimes in all times.

Always a famous fighter against engine wear, UTOCO with its new additives, fights harder than ever against engineruining acids, and engineclogging sludge. This remarkable newaction oil cleans out

engine soot and dirt, holds it harmlessly in suspension ready to be drained out. Utoco's newaction actually can add miles to engine life

and is especially effective in improving valve life and lifter operation.

Surpasses the needs for most severe passenger car service reSee your UTOCO

COLT IN A PASTURE quirements established by the Pealer for a "SpringClean"Changeover By Anobel Armour—Service"MS"American Petroleum... alsoInstitutefor

"TPhe colt runs up to the pasture rail, diesel engines... Service "DG".

-*- And his ears are pointed with surprise, NOBCTTER

For he is a question from head to tail Utah Oil Refining Co. MOTOR OIL MAPE

And how could a colt be otherwise?

What has become of that other world,

Which was not like this strange plae at all, IN THE GOSPEL NET

Where he lay warm and secure and curled,

Believing that life itself was small? By Elder John A. Widtsoe

What is this soft touch against his nose,

Stroking him cool, and without a sound,

And why is it that the brown mare goes

In a constant circle on this ground? Faith Promoting, Inspiring

Exploring, he runs across the grass,

And his wet nose lifts to the quick new Informative, Appealing air, And then he wheels as two rabbits pass

And canters back to the waiting mare. A book for family reading

Needing a world which is not so wide,

He nuzzles his head in his mother's side! At all Church Bookstores

JUNE 1953 459 %oritu on Lsur Jimetablte

Richard L. Evans

n making decisions or in meeting emergencies, it is some- I times significant to see what a man is most concerned to save. In case of fire, for example, it is interesting to observe

what each man considers to be his most priceless possessions.

In one way or another, all of us are daily demonstrating our sense of values by what we do or fail to do, by what we buy or refrain from buying, and by every use or misuse of time, and talents, and opportunities. When we lose our

health, we feel that we would give anything to have it back. But when we have health, we often shamefully

abuse it in careless or unwise conduct. Many men lose

limbs and even life while taking needless chances in seeking to save lesser things. Sometimes they lose life in the attempted saving of a few seconds. But if we were given a

month to live and knew that this was all we had left of this life, it would be significant to see what our choices would be. And it would be safe to say that some of the

things w"e have been pursuing, and some of the things to which we have given top priority on our timetable, would be quickly shaken down in their order of importance. And

some of the things we have neglected would quickly move up toward the top. Some of the visits we might have had

with our children, some of the talks with loved ones we might have taken time for, some of the obligations we might have met, some of the commandments we might have kept, some of the worthwhile things we might have worked at all might be hurriedly revaluated if we knew that time were to be taken from us on a definite date. But "I know of

nobody,"wrote Thomas Fuller, "that has a mind to die this year."1 Yet always there are before us inevitable

eventualities that come for some sooner, and for some not so soon—but ultimately for each of us. And "It is a poor

thing,"said another observer some seventeen centuries ago, "for anyone to fear that which is inevitable."2 Nor need we DON'T FORGET

fear, if we keep before us a sound sense of values, and recogto nize the sham and superficialities for what they are, and keep bring your back issues our houses in order and cherish our loved ones, and work of at worthwhile things, and walk humbly with Him who is

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Father of us all, and do our best to evaluate all things when you come to June Conference as we likely would if we knew that the time allotted us here would end on a definite date. and have them bound into an

Attractive Reference Book for your library Dke spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

costThe IfCity). isnecessaryjust $3.00to permailvolumethem to(f. youo. b.theSaltfollowLake SYSTEM, APRIL 12, 1953 Copyright, 1953

ing postage rates will apply: xThomas Fuller, Gnomologia (1732 A.D.).

Distance from 2Tertullian, The Testimony of the Christian Soul (210 A.D.).

Salt Lake City, Utah Rate Up to 150 miles 29 150 to 300 miles 35 300 to 600 miles 43 600 to 1000 miles 55 1000 to 1400 miles 70 1400 to 1800 miles 83 Over 1800 miles 97

Leave them at our conveniently located uptown

office.

Deseret News Press

31 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah 460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our Snowstorm Adventure (Continued from page 398) Then at 1:30 p.m., we headed north IINew Boyco Equipment

through the reservation toward the skirting border. The roadCanadian so made this the by drifts, was closedGlacier Park

our best chance was over the gravel

The plow the reserve. throughroad The c. Best Camp Trip Yet../ through, we were told.had been

driving was not so difficult here, for one could see the black dirt edges of the road, and thus stay in the middle of it. It was a weird, fascinating

country through which we drove. We

had occasional glimpses of timbered hills, of grassy (dry grass) swales, blown clean of snow. Then the wind

would close the picture, and we would be swallowed up in the gray swirl all about us. We forced our way

through some drifts which an hour later would have virtually defied any effort to pierce them. We went

through just in time.

At the Canadian immigration station we were informed that we had

Only of the trail. the end reached

, l. BOYCO Kool Kan. but fifteen to Cardston, fifteen miles

steel BOYCO to thonged drifted solidly road miles of with this vnt. Wisely Have split.-. won't They to three six inches \Stakes from snow heavy

equipment road Canadian deep. feet

tent around si,,ho.v/..hout spigot*- trech with "**% of drift miles with the cope not could tst37 compact, Sure is shove!. W was plow territory. the all over A

promised at 3:00 p.m. At 6:00 p.m.,

there were no signs of its arrival.

Brother Richards phoned into Cardston and informed President

Gordon S. Brewerton of the Alberta

Stake that we had come as far as we could. President Brewerton was

relieved that we were so near in safety and said that he would send the snowmobile out to get us. This

is a closed vehicle with skis for front wheels and caterpillar tread in back for deep snow. We visited for two

hours. Then the phone rang. The

snowmobile had stalled and had returned to Cardston. It looked as

though we would spend the night in the immigration office.

snowthe phone Then again—the S?*-**—on short side trips."shovels, and six men, with mobile

other necessary equipment would try anxious long, the it Again again. helpers camping See these BOYCO darkening the down wait! Then

or department hardware, light at your local of flicker a dim saw road we sporting goods store. not enough to be certain—then a

steady beam. In a moment we heard

the roar of the engine and then in a UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS great cloud of snow the machine DIVISION

CORPORATION STEEL STATES UNITED to the door. turned up CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF. ANGELES, AVE., LOS SANTA FE were exchanged. 5100 greetings Happy

President Mark L. Spencer, a member

of the stake presidency; Brother

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1953 461 Our Snowstorm Adventure {Continued from preceding page) Rough Rider slacks

Lloyd Cooper, owner of the snowmobile; and Brothers Jim Cooper,

Gordon Sloan, Morgan Beazer, Lynn flatter every 77)322

Caldwell, members of the crew, made us feel welcome, and a little as though the rescue was like that of Robinson

Crusoe or of Byrd at the Pole. With

baggage and some joking we boarded the snowmobile. The engine roared,

and we were off.

Never have I had such a ride.

From where I sat, it looked easy and exciting. Yet I watched the driver

tense up and the crew brace itself as we would plow into the old track through the deep drifts, snow being thrown over the machine often completely covering it, yet the snowmobile wallowed through and on. Into

the night we roared.

"Brace yourselves,"yelled Brother

Cooper. "If we make this one, we

can do the rest."Ahead I could see

the great drift. The upsurging

tractors had cut a sharp curve through BECAUSE THEY'RE <&tbK0*ed/ the drift. The job was to stay in the

tracks keep and to through. break enough up momentum Rough*? Rider

We braced ourselves! A great Napa, California

cloud of snow covered the windshield.

The machine lurched one way, then the other, groaned, and then shot

You can really get rolling clear—we were through the worst Phonograph Records

when you start saving at drift.

Deseret Federal. A new Fifteen minutes later we could see For The L D. S. Home

car, new home, T-V set, an occasional light. Soon we were THE STORY OF NEPHI

adapted and dramatized schooling vacation or from the Book of Mormon just settle on semiflex records 78 rpm—$3.75 a few dollars... ston.roaringWithdown atheflairmainfor streetthe dramatic,of CardTwo 12"

paycheck from each and his Brother brought Cooper snowmoJESSIE SMITH EVANS in a savwatch 'em grow Darley, Accompanist Roy drifts bile piled right the through at this pioneer ings account semiflex records Two 10"78 rpm- $1.16 to of chapel. the the lighted door up thrift institution.

We stepped out into the light, and "Angelic Choir"each into the united smiles and greetings with M.I.A. Youth Chorus

current rate of the stake officials. The meeting "That Sweet SoloStory of Old"

on was waiting. A little late but happy, "In the Luxembourg Gardens"

insured Brother Richards was soon delivering Solo savings one of the best sermons I've heard "Four DucksSoloOn A Pond"on missionary work.

KING OF GLORY dividual Clean That Hath Hands) account is Sunday morning, with the excep- (He to $10,000.

tion of a bad drift, which delayed us with Tabernacle Choir

JOS. E. KJAR, President C. H. TINGEY, Secretary for an hour, I was delivered by 12"semiflex record 78 rpm—$1.31

Brother Melvin Wynder to LethMY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS bridge in time to speak at the morning Childrendramatizedlove thesetunes19 cleverly session. Three 10"records in album—$3,25

The return trip Monday was unAt your dealer or direct front eventful. been cleared; Roads had

delivered us to RECORDING President Brewerton our car at Canadian customs at 11:00

INC. a.m. At lunched at BrownARTS, noon we

Temple St. 19 West South v2 modernM offices,J ing. night At were in Butte. we

44 South Main 43 N. University Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City Provo To look at the country, lying quiet Utah customers add 2 percent sales tax

Home Office Branch Office and beautifully white under its Add 35c postage for all mail orders 462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA blanket of new snow, one wondered how the wind could create so much mischief.

Incidentally, we went the only way we could go to get there. The roadthrough Lethbridge was closed un- (0*K

til late Sunday. Airplanes were

grounded, even the railroad trains didn't get in. Brother Richards'impression was right—we went west as

inspired.

'6&&s%?'W$$i.

Some Are Born to be Heroes (Continued from page 393) there beside Mike, was very conscious of the big miner. The picture show

had been their midweekly binge on the weeks that Mike was day shift.

They had gone to the show, had sat through the picture side by side, no matter what it was; no matter whether

it was interesting or not. When

Mike was on night shift at the mine,

Noel had gone with other fellows, or with Mrs. Gray, her landlady, or

with some of the town girls. But she

had never gone with another fellow when Mike could be there, and was uneasy under the current of thought that she felt coursing between them.

To shake off the feeling, she paid more attention to her companion, laughed with him at the ridiculous escapades of the screen hero. In the

middle of the show Mike got to his feet quietly and left, and the empty seat seemed to rebuke her silently, "Heaven knows what for!"she said,

shaking herself angrily.

The next day Noel was delayed at school putting an examination for the next day on the board, so that she left just as the men going off ZEE LUNCHEON... Regular Size

shift were coming down the narrow street. They had on heavy work Choice of white, green, peach, or

clothes, not the ones they wore in the yellow.

mine, of course, but heavy, grimy.. King Size ones, nevertheless, and their faces ZEE DINNER.

were grimy, too, in spite of the hasty Snowy white... extra heavy... in

washing they had been given in the "dry"at the mine. beautiful embossed design.

Mike Wilson was with them, but CHIFFON... Twin Ply

seeing Noel he stepped out of the Facial tissue quality, luxury emcrowd and started to walk along at her side. bossing. Extra large... double thick.

"Noel,"he began, and Noel noticed a new diffidence in his voice, "it's CROWN ZELLERBACH CORPORATION 1953 great to see you alone, once in awhile.

I didn't mean to act like a bear last night, but somehow, I just couldn't USE THE NAPKINS THAT ARE ALWAYS FRESH - PRACTICALINEXPENSIVE! think of anything to say—"His voice USE 'EM 3 TIMES A DAYSAVE WORK -TOSS 'EM AWAY!

trailed off.

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1953 463 I

Some Are Born to be Heroes (Continued from preceding page) "I didn't notice,"Noel lied.

He looked at her quickly, and then said, "I guess not."They walked

along in silence for awhile, and then

Mike said, "How about Saturday?"

Saturday! This week the dance was

to be in honor of Gordon, the whole county turning out to do him homage. It would be fun to go as his

partner, and he had spoken last night as if he had every intention of taking her. But he hadn't really asked

her yet. As Noel hesitated, Mike

said placatingly, "I would have asked you before, but I don't seem able to find you any more. And then,"he

stumbledgranted—on, "I sort of took it for

Noel's head went up at that. So

Mike took her for granted, just bebefore. cause she with gone had him YOUbetter serve your Can else thought he no one would Maybe

take her WARD—STAKE—CHURCH As she flung back her head angrily,

Attend shelaughter,heard andLieutenanthis voice,Stewart'scool andgay suave, said, "No, you don't, Mike! Leadership Week Nobody beats Gordy Stewart's time.

June 1519, 1953 Noel's going to the dance with me."

His assurance, after Mike's hesiis INVITED EVERYONE week not INTENSIVE what is—The COURSES—Look there tancy, wasn't exactly flattering, and officers, only for Church but anyone may for the taking: BuildBishop's Workshop,

attend. ing Conference, Family Life Institute, Noel looked from one to the other.

Institute, Teacher Training, lesson, a Both of them she needed NEAR CONFERENCE—Leadership Week GenealogyMusic Workshop, Quantity Cookery, thought, didn't but she to adimmediately want follows M. I. A. Conference. etc. Dramatics, Creative

Stay over and take advantage of it. minister the lesson just now.

for section SOCIETY A special—Before she could answer, Mike's SPEAKERS of the GREAT GenRELIEF—Members

will in Relief Society aids offer theology, eral Authorities other great and leaders voice came, cold, dangerously "Noel litmeetings, work management, home will daily. speak

tell to that, erature, have sciences and social presented Gordon! by will me

ACCOMMODATIONS—Stay right on the outstanding B.Y.U. professors. Coming from you, it doesn't mean a

campus in comfortable rooms, and enjoy

TOURS AND RECREATION—Tours will be thing!"hearty, inexpensive meals.

provided to industries and scenic spots in Noel saw the flush that leaped up exhibits EXHIBITS Valuable around and movies and County. Utah—Plenty of opunder the bronzed cheek of the display will be on almost constantly. for portunity fellowship. fun and

marine, and her eyes went swiftly from one to the other. Mike wasBrigham Young University taller and broader, and he was terPROVO, UTAH ribly strong, she knew. Didn't he

always win the Labor Day prizes for mucking and shoveling and picking?

But Gordon was lithe and trained HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST the word Commando shot through

Noel's mind. could Commando A

into a pretzel. opponent twist an She TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

didn't want either of them hurt.

The average homeowner today carShe stepped between them.

ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your And, putting reason against reaHe's thinking backward to what his replacement valson hastily, faultily, she thought, "I

property cost, instead of forward to can go with Mike any time; he'll be

what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you. here all year. Gordon's here only a

little while—he's been fighting—don't know—

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. But she was saved a decision. Mike,

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agent Salt Lake City quick to jump to conclusions, said,

shrugging, "I might have known and 464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA saved myself the trouble. Of course

it's the hero!"and he turned and

strode away.

Noel was angry, now, too, and she made up her mind that if Mike asked her for a dance Saturday night, she would refuse. He acted like a boor

like a miner—she thought bitterly.

Lieutenant Stewart was suave; she'd

have a good time. But she needn't

have bothered to decide what to say to Mike, for he didn't ask her for a dance.

Once, during the evening, finding herself close to him, she said, "What's the matter, Mike? Can't you even

be friends?"

"Things going wrong, Noel?"he

countered shrewdly, and Noel's head went up, her cheeks flaming.

And that's the way things stood when the mine accident happened.

Noel awakened to the shrill persistence of the mine whistle, wailing through the clear, thin air. She had

never heard it, except as a sharp signal at the beginning and end of a shift, but the stark terror in its voice could not be misunderstood.

She leaped out of bed, wrapping her robe around her, and went out into the hall. Lights were on in

the living room. She went in, and

there were Mrs. Gray and her husband and the older children, shivering, listening, horror in their eyes.

The youngest child began to cry somewhere in the back of the house.

"What is it? asked Noel, fear

clutching at her throat.

"The mine!"Mrs. Gray wrung her

hands. mine! I'm so thankOh, "The lb lb mntolMti wWrri isn't shift. the on Butful my man dW

others! The others!"She began

dressing as the whistle wailed on. When you use Hexol, your bathroom has the unmistakable

"The others?"thought Noel, and fragrance of complete cleanliness. For this effective germicide

suddenly asked herself, "Is Mike on deodorant is a product of nature that banishes germsshift? Is he?"She tried crazily to

figure whether he was or not. as you clean, leaving your bathroom fresh and pleasant.

Mr. Gray was cramming himself

it's so easy to protect your family withinto a shirt and coat. He said, over And

and over, "There's an accident at the complete Hexol cleanliness. Just go over tub,

mine!"and rushed out of the house.

basin and floor with Hexol. Pour a little

Mrs. Gray stood up then. "Get the

children back to bed,"she said to in the toilet bowl, too. Then you'll know your

Myra, her eldest daughter. "I'm going bathroom couldn't be cleaner.

up there."Noel grabbed Mrs. Gray's arm.

"Let me go, too,"she begged.

Mrs. Gray looked at her a moment

and then said, "Get dressed."the pleasant

Noel had never dressed so fast in bathroom all her life. She slipped into flannel Germicide Deodorant

slacks and a sweater, pulled on heavy sox and sturdy oxfords; and as she

AT ALL DRUG COUNTERS (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1953 465 Some Are Born to be Heroes (Continued from preceding page) We Have Any Paint was running down the hall, she was

Color You WantFor pushinga heavy hertweedarmscoat.intoButthe shesleevesdidn'tof

know she was doing all this. She

shift. I know he is. But maybe he Any Color Scheme! was thinking only, "Mike is on night isn't—Last Saturday—"she could

not think coherently.

Choose from 1,322 Mrs. Gray was waiting for her.

Together they went out into the paint samples—get street.

The night was filled with terror. colors to match or The wailing of the siren had pulled

harmonize with anything. every adult of the town out of his

bed. Men and women, hastily

dressed, were running up the steep, narrow street. Many were sobbing,

and Noel knew that these had men

Get any color down in the mine. Her own eyes C were dry, but her throat ached and

at budget pricesher heart seemed squeezed in the giant hand of foreboding.

with no waiting. At the entrance to the shaft house

they came upon guards, who held back the sobbing, moaning mass of humanity. Noel, pushed to one side

in the struggle, found herself crying, "Mike! Mike!"as other women were

Get any color crying the names of men.

An old man standing near Noel for inside or said, "Mike Wilson? He's okay. He's

been up once, but he went right back outside painting! down to help dig 'em out."

"How many are there? What happened?"Noel asked.

laconically. the "Cave in,"man said

there said three unwere BENNETT'S Gx&VWwC'PAINTS "Foreman accounted for."

At any of these stores: "Are they—?"Noel couldn't frame

Provo, Boise; Salt City, Ogden, Lake BENNETT'S,

Co., Logan; BENthe question, thinking of the wives Logon Hardware BENNETT'S

NETT'S East Side Paint Co., Idaho Falls; BENNETT'S and children and sweethearts waiting

Idaho Glass & Paint Co., Pocatello; BENNETT'S there, so pitifully small and human

Falls Glass and Twin & Paint Co.—any Bennett's against the looming mass of the in the and dealer States Intermountain

Southern California. frowning mountain.

POST "Can't tell yet,"the old man said.

"Sometimes they are and sometimes they ain't."

"But,"Noel protested, "I thought zzszzzzzzzzzzzzz mines were safe now. I thought—

"They're a heap safer than they used to be when I worked in 'em,"the old man said, as if he took pride in the dangers he had endured. "But

it just ain't humanly possible to make underground workings really safe.

Men go diggin'about in the bowels of the earth and expect the old earth to sit quiet and take it. But she

won't!"Noel couldn't listen to any more.

She pushed ahead again.

Men with authority were there, 466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

directing the guards, the crowds, the activity that was going on feverishly somewhere below them. Noel * Jhe World 5 cJLeadlna. (church Lxjraan

saw Lieutenant Stewart, tall and efficient and commanding, and felt IS ALSO YOUR GREATEST ORGAN VALUE impatience tinge the admiration his authority evoked.calm No wonder HAMMOND ORGANS ARE INSTALLED IN MORE THAN thought. a hero, she Everyonehe was 35,000 CHURCHES. NO OTHER COMPARABLE INSTRUMENT CANobeyed him without question. But

couldn't he do more underground? APPROACH THIS RECORD.

There must be so much to do!

Suddenly a man Noel didn't know A FULL RANGE of iocs of was standing in front of them, "Do RICH, TRUE CHURCH TONES any of you know first aid?"he asked, EXCLUSIVE "REVERBERATION c CONTROL"M u s iand as several women stepped forIN QUALITY CATHEDRAL OF

ward he lifted his lantern and scanned SMALLEST CHURCHES carefully.their faces as Later, the TRUE TO PITCHno tunbuilt, waited, becrowd bonfires would ing EXPENSE

but so far no one had taken time for EASY TO PLAY that.

To most of the women the man LISTEN TO WHAT THE spoke gently, "You'd better stay HAMMOND CAN DOhere,"and suddenly Noel knew why. IT'S THRILLING

She pushed forward.

"Let me help,"she begged, "I've WRITE OR CALL MR. SELDON N. HEAPS

had first aid and nurse's aid training. faltered, And—,"her voice"I've no one down there."GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO

He said, "Come along then,"and 2546 WashingtonOGDEN Blvd. SALT74 SouthLAKEMainCITY 57 North PROVOUniversity Ave.

took Noel and two other women into the shaft house.

There he explained to them briefly that they were to go down into the mine to give hot soup to the workers and to stand by to give first aid to the rescued, should they need it. CHftK,.

there "Dr. now. Adamson is down

tell for help. asked you / the vacation He willHe like Best...just what to do. Are you afraid?"V you

The women shook their heads, not CALIFORNIA knowing what was coming, not darPACIFIC COAST ing to be afraid. HISTORIC EAST

The cage clanked into place and CANADIAN ROCKIES a halfdozen men, grimed with sweat OLD MEXICO and dirt, their faces haggard, their eyes bloodshot, stumbled off. The Indicate other choice

man who had brought Noel and her... and let

companions in nodded, and they stepped into the little iron box, withno top, and grasped the iron bar GREYHOUND that went across one side. The man help you with

them Idaho,handed Monin Utah, there's a KOLOB round metal hats with the rest tanaEverywhereand Nevada them. lights on

fill your every FOR to anxious TODAY SEND AGENT "You'll have to have these,"he.. giving you need. insurance DESCRIBING FOLDERS COLORFUL

said. you're protection dollar thankful dressed for "I'm dollar greatest TOURS AMERICA AMAZING FREE!

policies covering offers value. He decently."that noticed Noel Then gladly We'll details behind! Leave travel... risk every known

her companions wore Levis and boots prepare your trip Just the way you backed by strong stock companies.policies

They put the clumsy hats on their wanttation, it,andarrangingsightseeing.for hotels,For yourtransporFREE You'lltire programbe safein inhisputtinghands. your enheads. There was a clanking. Water Folder, just send this ad, with your name

dripped from somewhere onto the and address, to your nearest floor of the cage. They started down. GREYHOUND DEPOT

It wasn't like going down in an or to elevator, Noel thought dimly. All Travel Bureau Greyhound SALISBURY, Mgr. FRANKwas pitch dark except for the little

St. Bldg. Salt Lake City Salt Lake 330 Judge 107 West South Temple

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1953 467 Some Are Born to be Heroes IN A pools(Continuedof light fromthrownprecedingby thepage)lamps in their hats. Down and down they

went and Noel's stomach seemed to rise and catch in her throat.

Then with a clatter the cage stopped and there was light around them. Old Dr. Adamson came forward and opened the iron gate of

the cage. They stepped out into a

rockwalled, dirtfloored room, lighted by hanging electric bulbs.

Men lay on the ground, coats under their heads or spread over their bodies. Their faces were streaked

and grimy, their eyes closed in utter weariness. "They've been digging,"Dr. AdamInsurance son explained briefly. "Only three or

four can work at a time, so they work

Deposit Insurance Corporation. in relays."

He pointed to a small electric grill connected by an extension cord to a light bulb socket. A pot of thin soup

it tin cups were and bubbled on standing an on powder empty ZION'S SAVINGS BANK nearby. nodded toDr. Adamson

kettle. the steaming and 7ka4t Ctmt/uuuf ward box

and hot, MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE Utah's first Chartered Savings Bank "Give 'em soup—good

when they come in,"he said. "See

that they are covered when they lie down. It's chilly here and we don't

want any pneumonia."

Noel looked about for Mike, but he wasn't among the prostrate figures.

I She couldn't help it. She had to R WEATHER FRIENDS know.

"Where's Mike Wilson?"she asked,

SUMMER OR WINTER, looking at the doctor.

right now's the time "He's digging,"the doctor said, to install a and his lips curved into a bleak

STOKERMATIC smile. "He's the digginest man I ever

home heating unit... saw. Been at it steady for three

hours, now, and wouldn't stop when the silent home servant that I told him to."

makes coal an ideal fuel. "Could I take him some of this

soup?"she asked.

F-10 HEATWAY the perfect size for The old man looked at her. From

small homes... compact, clean, and amazingly somewhere down a dark passage Noel

efficient. Your choice of hopper or bin feeds (no could hear the sound of pick and

extra cost).

STOKERMATIC the STOKERS—F-15 HEATWAY shovelno talking.on looseThe workrock, wasbut beingthere donewas ultimate in dependability and permechanical larger for homes. Complete silence. in grim nodded. Dr. Adamson formance. Fingertip constoker, furnace, blower comtrol provides heat when there,""He's he said, pointing down you bination. Luxurious. automatic it. want ease.. with

Complete cial and industrialline of stokers.commerheat at lowest cost. to the dark passage that led from

the little room. "It would be a good

PERFECT HOME HEAT dealer... Write for the name of your thing for him to have something hot, nearest Stokermatic

because when he quits, we're going to best hope."lose our

DISTREBUTBNG COMPANY ATE a poured Noel tin cup full of the Street 1409 South State % SALT LAKE CITY 15, UTAH steaming liquid and started down the

It passage. a small tunnel, was of stokers, Stokermatic Stokermatic \ --.-< Distributors wates softeners, Heatway, attic Rheem fans, roofed sided rock, with and but with oil coolers, furnaces. gas and

a dirt floor. It was a new stope, in

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the far end of which the men had been working when the cavein shut them off. Now they were entombed

alive, their only hope the three or four men digging tirelessly.

Noel rounded a bend in the passageway and saw before her the grotesque shapes of men bending, rising, working like dwarf figures in some

Caliban's cave, while distorted shadows danced on the roof and walls around them.

Noel's heart stopped and then beat jerkily as she recognized Mike, taller and broader than the others, his back bent, his huge shoulders and arms working with a rhythm that was beautiful and heartbreaking to see.

Noel stumbled towards him, but before he knew she was there, he faltered, and one arm went up, wiping the black sweat from his eyes.

Noel whispered, "Mike, oh, Mike!"

and though her voice was low and almost lost in the din of the picks and shovels, Mike turned to her as if his heart could hear her slightest whisper.

"Mike, darling!"She was trying to

keep the tears from her voice now that she could see he was safe, but he was so tired, so worn that Noel's heart ached. "Here's some soup—Mike!"

He took the cup without a word and drank the scalding liquid. Then,

like a man in a dream, he turned back to his digging. Noel put both

hands on his arm.

"Mike, darling, why don't you stop? You've done enough. Come

back with me!"

He turned to her, and his eyes were black hollows in his face.

"Mike! Don't you understand? I

love you so—I was so afraid you were

hurt. Why don't you stop?"

Luscious Plump raisins and Meaty to come Then Noel a miracle, for saw as fresh you as the they day were packedMike's eyes were longer no dark in twicesealed Flavotite cartons or bags.pools, they shining were lights; his sfa Tne resn 'd anc'fne!r no natural V y good-9 P,,+Put aa Ullf..lbowlful oft diPlumpface andj Meatyk was longer no worn and seamed, ness and +asfe> T d +hem Oalitorma raisins beedless on yourwith it weariness, was young and

happy. He bent down until his lips table. It's a taste delight...

touched her wet cheek. "I can't stop brimming with nutrition, too! Nanow,"he said, and his voice was ture's own confection.

singing. "I'm not tired any more,

darling. I can keep on until we break

through, knowing this."Look for Red and Yellow Package % He turned back to the wall of rock

and his pick swung with easy rhythm against the barrier.

Noel stumbled back down the uneven passageway to the others, a SAVE! Buy the economical two and fourgreat in wonder her heart. "I'm gopound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite.ing to marry Mike,"she said over keep! $aW They

and over, and then, as her lips lifted in a smile, "I'm just a sucker for heroes!"1953 VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA

JUNE 1953 459 Scouting for 40 Years For Dinner

(Concluded from page 395) On October 24, 1951, President

David O. McKay announced the appointment of a general Church Scouting Relationships committee. At the

time of the announcement its purpose was "to set policies, approve program activities and in general extend the influence of the Boy Scout program throughout the Church. The

committee will also interpret to the

Boy Scouts of America, the aim and purpose of the Church in its program for boys eleven to eighteen years of age."During 1952 the First Presidency announced that the Church would also use the Cub Scout program for boys in the Church eight, nine, and ten years of age. The assignment of

this responsibility was to the Primary

Association of the Church. Steps

were immediately taken by the general Primary presidency to put Cub scouting in the Primary organization according to a definite plan in the stakes and missions of the Church.

This gives the Church a complete scouting program for boys from eight to seventeen years of age.

Another development was the assignment of the elevenyear-old Boy

Scout program to the Primary by the

First Presidency, 31, 1952. December &MIEIET MMW Placing for elevenyear- this program

old Boy Scouts in the Primary, maintained intact the age structure of the Church as it relates to the Primary and the Y.M.M.I.A. program. <D)urcl)%wi Thousands of Mormon boys have

been Scouts in Canada, Mexico, England, France, Norway, Sweden, DenWeekly Report to You mark,ScoutingGermany,has hadandan otherappealcountries.to the

of Church Activities Throughout the World boys of all countries and all churches over the world; but it has had a speEvery LDS home should have this instructive reading on all cial appeal to the boys of the Church

phases of the Church. Every week it brings you official instrucbecause of their deepseated belief

tion from the general authorities, conference reports, welfare activities, inspirational editorial messages and news from all of that boys have obligations to our the wards, branches and auxiliaries throughout the world. The Father in heaven. Since scouting

Presiding Bishopric's Page gives important reports for officers. emphasizes a boy's "duty to God,"it

Bring the "Church News"and its influence into your home. has great appeal to the Church as an

Mail the coupon below now for information. integral part of the program to make

religion vital in the lives of boys.

in is fortythree Scouting America Cljurd) %ws in the Scouting years old. Church is

143 South Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah forty years old. The result of scouting

Please send me subscription information on the in the lives of thousands of boys in the "Church News."Church, who have been a part of it.

Name has been to strengthen them in the

Address faith and to help them build a testimony. It has been a magnificent

City State forty years.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (S&SJSSGnSs

But how many unanswered questions are there con-... 4twavi6—and r- rtomvep cerningcan we otheraccountthingsfor thethat factare thatall aroundwe are,us?thatHowwe

Richard L. Evans feel, that we love, that we live? How can we account

for unnumbered billions of stars that are kept in "TThe longer we live the more aware we are of the their course? for the constancy of the sun and of the

shortness of this life we live, and the more aware seasons? for the awesome miracle of a baby's birth?

If instinct of for never animals? inborn the had we as those of loneliness loss of of a sense and are we

it farspring return require a seen not would leave us loved one lived and have among we whom it to faith of so? that reaching imagine might be

are aware in background ever the one. we And by

trees that seen never one seemed dead had If we all confront Whence? that men: questions of the

we had never and why? and whither? What lies beyond? Shall day, break forth into full flower—if

before these seen here? The event knew them them as we know we

to call have come ourcommonplace—toeyes, these thingsacceptwhichthemwe that assurance is the this is dedicated day to which

faith. require a far could reach of ten our With resurrection reality of the of Jesus we shall—the questions times ten that thousand cannot answer we also. of all others him, Christ, and, through the

feel things the about touch even and and we can it it of in song. scripture. sing in read of We We it little faith see, of further a to reach accept is but

it full it to of with hold in speak sermon. We We of resurrection of the reality the the assurance and

faith, but not perhaps without an ardent, living hope that we shall see it more certainly; or not, in everlasting life, and to trust him who gave us life,

a sense, without wishing that we had seen with our to provide the way for us to see and know and live and forever. eyes and touched with our hands as did Thomas. again with those we love—always

But when all the evidence is before us it doesn't test our faith too far. True, we don't know how it will Jke Jpokijpoxen lA/ord from temple square

be brought about. There are unanswered questions. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

There are difficulties that may seem insurmountable. SYSTEM, APRIL 5, 1953 Copyright, 1953

4C>CCC>QC>Q

She passed her friends without a glance

I And snubbed her partner at a dance i When left without man or friend to name

She still didn't know her eyes were to blame.

Let Standard "Guaranteed Glasses"bring your friends into focus. Have the skilled optometrist at

Standard Optical examine your eyes, today...

before hazy vision robs you of treasured friendships and selfconfidence that comes from accurate, comfortable vision.

V* NOTHING DOWN, $1 A WEEK Standard.

MODERN DFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST

JUNE 1953 471..

This is a continuation of the teacher's The unity of the two natures of Lesson XXIII supplements for the Melchizedek PriestJesus was real, a physical one—the

Lord Jesus one was OF EPHESUS COUNCIL THE person—hence lesson course hood for 1953. Helps

the for Mary was Mother of God previous lessons have in preappeared (Theotokos) Text: Divine Church, James L. Barker, The

ceding months.... that here on earth our Lord Second Part, Chapter XXIII

was one person, but he underwent

Lesson XXII different experiences by virtue of his Teaching Objective:

different two natures."THE CHRISTOLOGICAL Alexandrian The school followed doctrinal disputes divide show To how CONTROVERSY. NESTORIUS AND b. Cyril. centralized lacking a authority. church

CYRIL 5. The factions appeal to the bishop of

Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church, Rome. Suggestions on Teaching Procedure:

Second Part, Chapter XXII a. Reasons for the appeal.

b. Bishop of Rome took the side of Step 1

Objective: Teaching Cyril. Place blackboard of on the an outline

decision of c. The accepted disputes Rome not To show how over manmade the material following to be covered. The

of by followers Nestorius, doctrines of the and mutual of Christ nature shook the is suggestive:

Christian Church. condemnations and excommunications occurred. (To terminate the

Suggestions on Teaching Procedure: conflict for necessary it became the Eutychianism or Monophysitism

emperor to 1 Step Nestorius, dispute between assemble a general 1. The bishop [ecumenical] council.)

of Constantinople, and Cyril, bishop Place on the blackboard an outline of the material to be presented. The followStep 2 of Alexandria.

outline the dispute ing is suggestive: about. was a. What

Following outline, the discuss the with Nestorius a in believer (1) was class the various expressed views church by Christological (In Monophysitism. there Christ The Controversy

leaders. questions as Such these might only, was one nature the divine.

serve profitable to promote discussion: A. the nature The What about been human controversy was had

(A review of the last lesson) 1. What do we mean by the Christological absorbed by the divine nature.)

controversy? Hence Nestorius contended that

1. The effect of Aristotle's philosophy. 2. In what way did the philosophy of Mary was not the mother of

a. Man's nature divided into body, aniAristotle concerning the nature of man God but only the human namal soul, and rational spirit, accepted affect the views of the Christian church? ture that had been absorbed.

fact. Cyril as that the contended (2) Logos did the Christian leaders explain 3. How

took b. to nature of the mystery himself human The incarnationof the the mystery incarnation (God

in the of virgin, the did Mary, become how God human? womb in being a born body)? human

title that and therefore the of 4. of Explain the Apollinaris. view Theotokos, of Views. "Mother Various God,"B. The

5. Explain the views of Diodorus and properly belonged to her.

1. Monophysitism—The belief that in Theodore of Mopsuestia. 2. Council of Ephesus called by the

Christ there is one nature only, the 6. How does Nestorius become the opposiemperor 431 A.D. at request of John of

divine. The human nature had been tion leader against the "Mother of Antioch and Cyril.

nature. absorbed divine by the God"idea? 3. Results of the Council.

a. Apollinaris, of bishop the was a. view held by Cyril, Laodicea, fol- 7. What Council of bishops divided into two

view. lowed this of patriarch Alexandria? parties.

b. view was opposed The by Gregory Cyril seizes control 8. of council and did the factions b. opposing two Why the school. Antioch and condemned Nestorius. deposed and appeal to Rome? c. Finally the Council condemned by c. People this of Ephesus acbacked 9. effect of the that appeal? was What of in 381. Constantinople tion.

controversy you settle a concerning 2. Christ there are two 10. Can Dyophysitism—In

of the nature by the God natures, the other one divine, human. methods d. theNestoriuscouncilhearingcalls ofa thecouncildecisionof hisof

a. Diodorus defended this view. employed? own (a Judas council).

b. Theodore of Mopsuestia, disciple of (1) Protested to the emperor the

Diodorus. Step 3 The Summary action of Cyril.

(1) Upheld the two natures in Jesus. e. John of Antioch, on his arrival

(2) Condemned the veneration of Summarize briefly the findings of the with fortythree bishops, held a

Mary as the theotokos, mother class hour. The outline placed on the council of his own, supported

of God. blackboard can be referred to as a summary. Nestorius, and deposed Cyril of

"Mary,"he said, "gave birth to See also the first page of the lesson in the Alexandria and Memnon of Ephesus.

Jesus (the human nature) but text. f. On the arrival of the delegates of

not to the Logos, (the divine the bishop of Rome another session nature). Step 4 The Assignment of the whole council was called.

c. Nestorius, patriarch of Constanti- (1) Delegates of bishop of Rome

nople, 1. Arouse general class interest in the confirmed the decision of first

(1) Supported ideas of two natures next lesson by leaving with the quorum council conducted by Cyril.

in Jesus which were never members a challenging problem such (2) Mutual incriminations followed.

united. as the following: (3) Neither party could enforce

(2) Opposed the term "Mother of a. What authority does the Catholic their decrees without support

God,"as applied to Mary. Church have for its title of Mary of emperor.

(3) Backed by the school of Antioch. as the "Mother of God"? Read your 4. The triumph of Cyril.

3. Monothelitism—The Savior had two manual lesson 23 for an answer. a. Cyril, by intrigue and bribery, gets

natures, but only one will. 2. Special Assignments: the emperor to side with him against

(Not developed in this lesson.) a. Assign one quorum member to tell Nestorius.

4. The orthodox view (or that which bewhat Nestorius believed regarding b. Nestorius deprived by emperor of

camevailed)—Twoorthodox, naturesbecause andit finallytwo willspre- b. theAssignnatureone ofquorumChrist.member to tell 5. Disunityhis patriarchate.of church and vacillation of

in one person. what Cyril believed regarding the the emperor kept the church in a bitter

a. Cyril, patriarch of Alexandria. nature of Christ. turmoil.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Step 2 b. The emperor, Theodosius II, forced Step 4

in get to a an attempt compromise tell briefly outline, the the Following Summary: The church harmony. story followers of the the dispute between briefly the chief ideas gained Nestorius. to Summarize was condemn John (1) call of of the Cyril, Nestorius the and

of the lesson. from apto be "Mother was God"(2) results. conference the and

only. plied sense-'in a "limited

Step 3 (3) Johnbishoprecognizedof Constantinople.Maximianus as Step 5

Induce class discussion by use of ques- 2. The fate of Nestorianism. Assignments:

tions such as the following: a. The compromise did not stop the

1. Why did the emperor seek to solve dispute, but it continued with new 1. General Assignment.

the doctrinal controversy by a general names and champions.

council? Why didn't the bishops ap- b. Successive emperors exterminated Arouse interest in the next lesson by

peal to the head of the church? Nestorianism within the empire. leaving with the class a challenging

2. Was revelation claimed for any of the c. Nestorians fled to Persia. problem, such as the following:

decisions reached by the opposing fac- d. Nestorius exiled to Arabia. a. How did the civil power affect the

tions? e. Nestorian church flourished in doctrine of the church concerning

3. What is there about the council of Persia, India, Arabia, and China. Christ? Read your text lesson 25

Ephesus which shows a lack of the f. Nestorian Christians found today in for help on this matter.

Spirit of Christ? Kurdistan and Armenia.

4. How much faith would you have in a 3. Cyril—his character and influence in

religious doctrine decided in this manshaping Christian doctrine. The Christological Controversy (Cont.)

ner? a. Influence on Christian doctrine.

5. doctrinal of controversies have the person Unity Do we in (1) of Christ. Lesson XXV the of Jesus Christ of Latter- "Mother Church of God."(2) Mary as

are settled? they indefensible. character day Saints? Are b. His How IMPOSED ON THE they a cruel. MONOPHYSITISM put to vote? have His you methods Would (1) EAST the of confidence in divine nature Unscrupulousness. the (2)

continues Eutyches Church if they were? 4. The monk the Text: L. Barker, James The Divine Church,

theological Cyril dies. argument when Part, Second Lesson XXV Step 4 antiNestorian. a. Is strongly

b. the idea that TestaAdvanced New Objective: ideas disthe gained Teaching the Summarize from

"everything contained necesment cussion.

sary"to know. Christianity changed show and how To

c. Cyril, farther Eutyches than went

its at doctrines dictates rechanged Step 5 Assignments: the of

after that contended incarnation civilbishops. governments ambitious and

dithere only one was nature—thethe 1. general class interest Arouse Suggestions Procedures: in the Teaching on

vine. (Monophysitism) leaving challenging a by manual ques-

5. parties. of error basic both The 1 Step tion lesson. involving next the The

a. asfalsely All factions theological

is following example: an

is that there basic a sumed and Place the a. of outline blackboard did on of the Christians the an Why total difference the divine between historical the lesfourth material the disputes regardinvolved century in have

natures. and human son. is of following suggestive: ing the Christ? nature The was What di- b. All factions "that the assumed

it their basic premise? sound? Was (the vine Christ Logos) in Jesus

2. Special Monophysitism the Imposed Assignments: East on could could change, not not grow

a. pre- a come quorum Have member in die."suffer could not wisdom, and

1. of Dioscorus, to to bishop relate atAlexandria, pared happened what

6. profound mystery. The to tempts the the Christians Nestorian Alexandria where and make Rome of a. 145-6 stated Schaff the As by (pp. of Eastern today. they found Christendom. might be

text.) per- b. a come quorum member Have a. Dioscorus friends. powerful had b. of stated 146 As Boulenger by (p.

to explain pared Eutyches was who of (l)Chrysaphius, minister the text.) the

to regard taught in he and what II. Theodosius Emperor

the nature of Christ. Step 2 (2) Eutyches, who had great influence over Chrysaphius.

the discuss topic outline Following 1;

b. using these friends By Dioscorus topic report a special discuss 2; on Lesson XXIV have able to was unfriendly bishops have

4. topic topic 3; special report a have on

until deposed, he of master became EUTYCHIANISM

Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church, Step 3 2. TheEgypt.Antioch school attempted to unSecond Part, Lesson XXIV Promote a discussion on topics 5 and 6 seat Dioscorus and his friends.

by asking such questions as the following: a. Theodoret attacked the monophysitTeaching Objective: 1. What was the basic error of all theoism espoused by Eutyches and

logical factions in determining the naDiocorus.

To show the basic errors in socalled ture of Christ? b. Eusebius also attacked monophysitChristian theology concerning the divine- 2. What do the scriptures teach us about ism.

human nature of Christ. the relationship of divine and human c. A synod held by Bishop Flavian at

natures? Constantinople condemned Eutyches

Suggestions on Teaching Procedure: See Ether 3:9, 1416. and deprived him of all power.

D. & C. 93:6-14, 1923, 29, 3335. 3. The emperor, under the influence of

Step 1 John 20:1929; 21:4-14. his minister and Eutyches, called a

general council at Ephesus. 24:3643. Luke historical the the blackboard Outline on

a. permitted Those the to attend coun- 1:1011. is Acts following to covered. material be The

cil carefully selected were the by 2:2627. Moses suggestive:

of partisans Dioscorus. 3:2227. Abraham

of sent The bishop a doctrinal Rome to the class the statements of b. Eutychianism 3. Read

letter which not allowed was to be Schaff Boulenger, the divineand on 1. The compromise between Cyril and human nature of Christ. Are these read.

John of Antioch. statements satisfying? c. Dioscorus appointed president of the

a. With Nestorius silenced, John of 4. Is the nature of man wholly different council.

Antioch attacked the views of Cyril. from divine nature? (Concluded on page 487)

JUNE 1953 473 ThePresiding

do with them what they will. Paul

Youth Speaks makes it clear that they are not our Enthusiasm Essential in own, for they are bought with a price: Ward Teaching

defile of the temple God, If any him man of qualities of the is one is 1C nthusiasm shall for destroy; the temple God of God

is It easier to comgood teaching. (I are. holy, 3:17.) Cor. ye temple which

prehend the power of enthusiasm when

JAMES D. God will not come into unholy temwe understand its full meaning.

ples. He has made a great promise to The word enthusiasm was derived

MATHEWS the Latterday Saints who remember to from a combination of two Greek words keep and do the sayings which are entheos and theism. Entheos signifies

known as the Word of Wisdom: "the power activating one who is inspired."Theism means belief in the ex-

... walking in obedience to the comistence of God.

mandments, shall receive health in their Honest enthusiasm is a powerful force;

navel and marrow to their bones; it increases one's personal teaching

{James, a priest in the Nephi Second And shall find wisdom and great treasures capacity; it demonstrates sincerity; it

Ward, Juab Stake, delivered the followof knowledge, even hidden treasures; creates favorable impressions; it is posiing address during a quarterly conference And shall run and not be weary, and tive in nature; it carries the element of

of the stake attended by Presiding Bishshall walk and not faint. persuasion. Contagious, it is easily

op Joseph L. Wirthlin.) And I, the Lord, give unto them a promtransmitted to others. It is the mirror

ise, that the destroying angel shall pass by of one's true convictions.

We read in the Doctrine and Covethem, as the children of Israel, and not Ward teachers who possess this stimuants 93:35, slay them. (D. & C. 89:1821.) lating power are more vigorous in the

performance of duty. They go about

The elements are the tabernacle of God; Through correct living, our tabernacles their work with tenacity of purpose,

yea, man is the tabernacle of God, even of flesh become our most potent symbol overcoming obstacles, avoiding discourtemples; and whatsoever temple is defiled, of the spiritual life within. Well oragement, and achieving success. Every

God shall destroy that temple. dered, modest, clean, and properly coward teacher should seek to acquire the

ordinated, our body of flesh presents a aid of that divine spark generated by

Also from the Doctrine and Coveliving monument to the truth and the quality of enthusiasm.

nants 97:17: power to be found in the gospel of the

Lord Jesus Christ.

But if it be defiled I will not come into it, and my glory shall not be there; for I

will not come into unholy temples. RECEIVE AWARDS FOR 1952

The Church places a high value on AaronicProudlyPriesthooddisplayingAwardstheir earnedindividualdurthe proper regard and care of the human ing 1952, these bearers of the Aaronic body. The taking of a mortal body is Priesthood, Blackfoot Fifth Ward, Blackrequired if the eternal spirit of man is foot (Idaho) Stake, were recently honored

as guests of bearers of the a banquetto progress. at

Priesthood. Melchizedek

The building of a home, a tabernacle of flesh, for the spirit was the final act period. creative atof the When last MESA STAKE QUALIFIES 22 FOR 100% SEAL

spirit, of fleshthe housed the body man became a living soul.

We become acquainted with the nature of our bodies of flesh early in life.

Through the manifestations of hunger, pleasure, pain, and other experiences, we learn to understand its functions.

Our schools and other institutions offer much in the way of knowledge of the body and its workings, and day by day we attain the learning of the law of health. What we do in regard to the

care of our fleshbody, either good or bad, automatically has an effect on the We are happy to present twentytwo Aaronic Priesthood bearers from the Mesa, spiritbody within us. Tobacco, liquor, (Arizona) Stake who have qualified two or more years for the one hundred percent

to their Awards. Individual seal affixed Priesthood Aaronic A figurestimulants, drugs, narcotics, harmful and attendance

years. in excess years qualifying of indicates the of two the following number name

if taken such substances,many other Stewart, Eyring, Victor Gary row: Keith David Wendell Jones, Front Shumway,

into the body, not only destroy the body Cooper, Morgan Davis, Russell Nielson, Calvin Dungy, Roy McCain, Ray McCain, of flesh, but retard the spirit as well. Duane LeSueur, Wesley Millett.

Back row: Dennis Leslie, Vance Davidson, Wilford Cardon, Walter Barney,

There are many who think their Walter Krauss, Melvyn Schnebly, 4> Paul Schnebly, 6; Dan Schnebly, 7; Garth

bodies are their own and that they can Esplin, 5; Larry Clouse.

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

STAKE DIEGO (CALIFORNIA) WARD, PARK SAN Senior Members VALENCIA PRIESTHOOD ALL AARONIC BOASTS UNDER 21 ACTIVE

Sixtythousand Opportunities

for Service

'"Phere are over sixty thousand senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood in the organized stakes of the Church.

The great majority of them are men of integrity, men of character. Many

of them are leaders in their chosen vocations. These men love their wives and

children. They have a desire within

themselves to be of service to the Lord and to their fellow men.

Sixty thousand men with high hopes and great abilities but with limited opportunities! They, with their wives and

children, are being deprived of the glorious blessings associated with the

Melchizedek Priesthood. Their marriage and family ties, so satisfying and

desirable, reach only to the veil of death. They must rely upon others in

times of need to call down the bless1st row: (Bishopric, left to right) Milton N. McCoy, 1st Counselor, Bishop Daniel

ings of heaven upon the heads of their Kristjanson, V. Howard Johnson, 2nd Counselor

loved ones. 2nd row: (Deacons) Ronald K. Mann, Richard Knudson, Daryl Kristjanson,

Seeley Greenig, Johnny Sixty but Dwayne thousand need who men

Scott row: (Deacons) Best, Robert Bogason, William McCoy, Johnny Ferguson, 3rd love, guiding the the encouragement, and Blair Andrews Chambers, Robert

hand of a bishop or group adviser or an 4th row: (Teachers) Donald Ginos, Mark Kristjanson, Doyle Seeley, Franklin Dunactive church friend! ford, Jerold Jones

5th row: (Priests) Berlyn J. Cook, Kenneth R. McCoy, Richard Chambers, Robert

Williams Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 Bishop Daniel Kristjanson and his counselors have every reason to be proud of their unique accomplishments as the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood: Every

Cottage Meetings for Priests bearer of the Aaronic Priesthood under 21 years of age is active in the program.

According to word from G. R. Handy, chairman of the San Diego Stake ComAX/e view with some alarm, the mittee for Aaronic Priesthood Under 21, "This group has one hundred percent

report that many bishops have not of their total Aaronic Priesthood enrolment active, and that activity is in the yet provided cottage meetings for priests high eighty's and low ninety percent bracket throughout the year."

as suggested in the program for 1953.

With the year half gone, it is urgent that action be taken immediately to asked by the bishop to arrange for such ATTENDANCE AT SACRAMENT INCREASED MEETING THROUGH of saints in the homes cottage meetings of failure part in this our work. avoid PARTICIPATION YOUTH for program to this sympathetic are to individual the who earn Wilmington Bishop A priest, Arnold H. Peirce,

Aaronic Priesthood award must parpriests. Ward, Long Beach (California) Stake, reincrease in attendance a substantial ports of this outline detailed ticipate, in at as a speaker, and least two A full

at about sacrament meeting brought will be in feature the program for priests cottage meetings during the new participation greater of youth. through

year. Participation in other cottage found in the new Handbook for Leaders The youth chorus of 63 members (The

meetings are not to be permitted and of Aaronic Priesthood Under 21. Nauvooliers) holds regular rehearsals and

credit therefore will not be allowed. Stake and ward leaders are urged to furnish all the music for the sacrament

The secretary of the ward committee give this matter immediate attention meetings.J. Ray Tomlinson directs the chorus;

and the advisers to priests should be and close followup. Jolene West is organist.

JUNE 1953 475 s RUBYH.EditorMORGANToday

White Lies—Black Lies misstatements creating a false imby Freda Graham Bundy pression, which, according to the

dictionary, is the definition of lies.

Besides, you have forgotten that they t tamie told mc a deliberate lie this Jamie heard you and Bill tell those are hurting someone Jamie.

"I overmorning,it."andTheI'mremarkpositivelycameill politedroppedlittlein liesfor whenthe evening.the MortonsYou. tookYourfromson yourlied aboutpurse,thebutpenniesthat helie

from a young mother whom I knew saw them coming up the steps and to him was necessary to save him well. cried, "Oh, heavens, it's the Mortons; from punishment. He lied to you

I wanted to answer, "You have we'll be bored to tears."Bill added about wading in the water, and you

taught him to lie,"but, of course, I vehemently, 'T wish that they'd move punished him because you "will not couldn't. I wanted to show her how to Kalabogie."But you ushered tolerate an untruthful child!"

she had taught him to lie. I wanted them in, saying sweetly, "We're so Some of your assertions are rather

to say: glad to see you,"and Bill suppleinconsistent, aren't they? In one

There was the suppertime when mented with, "We were hoping that breath you say that little white lies the phone rang and Bill, your husyou would come over sometime soon."are justifiable, then in the next you

band, answered it. He turned to you, Those are not lies, you may say declare that deliberate lies are inand said, "Nell wants you to go over they are not malicious untruths; they excusable.

to meet the Simpsons."You whishurt no one. But these are all wilful (Continued on page 478)

pered, "Tell her that I have a bad cold."Jamie gazed in perplexity at -:-:::-::::::::::-;-:-;''>':': '";'.:'::'.

you who had just finished a hearty meal and who evidenced no sign of a cold.

Grown folk were so funny, but,

Jamie decided, they had some good ideas about getting out of disagreeable situations. That is what he

thought, too, the afternoon when the doorbell rang and you said, "Answer the door. I'm not dressed, so tell

whoever it is that Mother is not in."

Jamie went fishing with his dad, and the four small fish that they had caught and later put into the refrigerator turned into "eight big beauties"during the evening, when friends came in. Jamie thought how

easy it all is, this mild deception;

something like playing hooky from school. He grinned to himself; it

was fun fooling people like this.

Then there was the curious lie about the cost of your new dress.

Jamie had read the bargainprice tag of $8.98. Yet you told Alice it was

a little thing that you had picked up for $19.00. Jamie decided that your

clever trick might work for him with the change when you sent him to the grocer's. He said the walnuts

cost you sixtynine cents instead of fiftynine. It was great fun having—Elizabeth R. Higgs

child imitation, learns sees his does by says parents he what do, what A and hethat extra ten cents to spend for his hears say. parents expect to lie if Don't tell a not black him persist telling in youcandy! ones. white

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

an (AfijOfM frieze on pectins jo every

woman wfio makes jelly

ONLYCERIOSUREJHL

ID GIVE YOU MORE NATURALUmbM FRUIT F1AVOR AND FRESHNESS!

Yes, Ma'am! Now you can make jams and jellies with all the glorious

flavor of fruit at its sunripened, "justpicked"best! And here's why:

Only Certo's or SureJell's exclusive formula gives you a oneminute boil. Yes, you boil just one minute so you capture more of the natural

freshfruit flavor!

Furthermore, because Certo and SureJell are the only pectins coded for freshness, you know they're fresh... not the slightest chance

of their having been on the grocer's shelf for ages!

Taste the wonderful difference... whip up a batch today!

CERTO OR SUREJELL

Take your choice—a liquid or

powdered fruit pectin product!

fir poWo p..E 1N

Products of General Foods HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELLIES TASTE BEST... COST LESS!

JUNE 1953 477 White lies - Black Lies SummerFall (Continued from page 476) Is it right to lie at any time? The CRUISES

evading lies, the polite lies, the lies of defense, all those that we deem so -VSiV minute—are they right at any time?

How are you to teach a child to differentiate between the white lies and the black ones?

indulges and more more As Jamie BERMUDA *

DAYS—S. of untruths, variations in these 27 and AugustS. Maasdom1. leaving New York will July5

he not grow more deceitful in other $110 up directions? Are not sordid actions and INDIES * WEST born and bred in deceit? Ask yourAMERICA SOUTH

leaving S. S. Caronia there you are not 15 which GLORIOUS ways by... DAYS—THEY self, THEM LOVES EVERYBODY 25. York September New

polite, the deevasive, be on can LESS! up COST $325 BETTER AND TASTE

Homemade Berry Jams... fensive, and yet be truthful? No. U.S. Taxes

Raspberry, Strawberry, family Children learn by imitation. * SOUTH AMERICA etc.... are popular treats. They taste better. and WEST INDIES

OctoYork New 13 DAYS it's no less, lot and cost a 4 PORTS—LeavingOctober 29. ber 16 and with to them trick make

up $225 JELLY M.C.P. AND JAM

U.S. Taxes No. anyone 3'/2-oz. package PECTIN. With one

14 not or make—can experienced—

jam, berry possible finest of GLASSES For theseINFORMATIONor any tour,writecruise,or telephoneor FREE in QUICK BREADS FOR JUNE TRAVEL either. of minutes. No guesswork, a matter

assure package in every recipes Tested seaJune is an exciting month—a month Fresh berry time. every perfect results son is under way now. Don't let it go by of entertaining, for graduates and UNIVERSAL

M.C.P. letting dependable JAM without

of will for a variety brides. be There pantry you stock help PECTIN JELLY AND SERVICE of delicious, supply with an ample shelves to TRAVEL breakfasts festive occasions from

won't jams. You fresh berry economical Square Hotel Temple as informal as well suppers, buffet it! regret

and formal wedding receptions. MEZZANINESalt Lake City,FLOORUtah

the what No matter occasion, Phone 5-6552 or 5-5924 experienced are an you MORE THAN TWICE AS MUCH JUICE whether -THREE TIMES AS MUCH JELLY! homemaker with many tricks, a new

Method Wonderful a New or first meal, A serving your bride the by. discovered

firefor a preparing Gleaner Junior Laboratory Kitchen M.C.P... Mail fruits... letsor youberriespressthroughcrusheda side, "Basic Mix"will add variety and

quickly, and muslin bag individuality to your menu. orders as than twice get more

much juice than by the old drip method. This extra large amount of juice, used with Basic Biscuit Mix filled!

M.C.P. JAM AND JELLY PECTIN, makes aljelly given from a 3 times as most much alof time and money For economy

is so juice this of fruit. And, amount

shelves. your biscuit on mix keep comways transof clear, clarified sure you're pletely

parent jelly. To get this remarkable M.C.P. It is easy to prepare; in fact, children

M.C.P. special JELLY (and MAKING method

it), or stamps) like to blend the shortening and flour $1.00 (cash send SET to use

and 3 M.C.P. JAM AND JELLY PECTIN with a pastry blender.

package fronts, with your name and adLaboratory, Kitchen dress, to M.C.P. Ana- 8 cups flour

You'll get the cost back many heim, Calif.

times over in extra juice and extra jelly! 1% cups shortening

1 cup dried milk 4 tablespoons baking powder "FIRST ADE"FOR THIRSTY 2 teaspoons salt

YOUNGSTERS GROWNUPS TOO!

other flour Sift Add and measure.

Lemonade Wholesome shorteningredients. Blend in dry. for.. sifted jiffy... made in a

pennies a glass... with ing until the consistency of coarse corn

M.C.P. JUICE. One LEMON

nearly small can makes 2 meal. Store in an airtight container. Quiltings |>Nn

of healthrefreshing, quarts above mixthe \ water to cup t>J Add l/2 vi>\ ful simply lemonade in hot biscuits, for bake by ture quick and fuss, lemons no sugar. and water No adding

to squeeze. You can't give youngsters, or oven, at 425 for 12 min.

... for M.C.P. For your lovely handcrafted patchwork

Califorquilts.BATTS LEMONyourself,JUICEa betteris pure,beveragefullstrength

Shortcake rich in Vitamin nia lemon juice, C—contains 25% wool, dioxide (sulphur preservatives no artificial 75% cotton 2.19 2-lb. 72x90inch

of or soda). Conveniently benzoate 2025 minutes) at 350F (Bake wool, 50%

it's for instant use canned, ready always 50% cotton 3.49 2-lb. 72x90inch

for juice lemon whenever lemonade, and wool cakes) layer 8-inch 100% 2 (Makes jelly in baking, cooking, jam and is needed 3.59 72x90inch 2-lb.

etc. time save and basic making, with 3 money You mix cups

M.C.P. on always hand JUICE LEMON FILLED MAIL ORDERS... l sugar cups x/4 M.C.P. 'round! (There's year FROZEN Write to water cup If too. doesn't grocer JUICE, your LEMONthe 2/3 SEARS it, it for to stock you.) get him ask eggs 2

City 1, Salt Lake Utah 1 teaspoon vanilla 478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Blend the sugar and basic mix together in a bowl. Beat eggs, add water,

and add to the basic mixture. Beat

about two minutes or until thoroughly mixed. Bake.

Serve with your favorite fruit and whipped cream.

Orange Prune Bread

(One large loaf, bake at 350F.

for 60 min.)

(Two small loaves, bake at 350 F.

for 40 min.)

3 cups basic biscuit mix % cup brown sugar 3/4 cup chopped nut meats 1 egg beaten 1 cup soaked prunes, pitted iy4 cups prune and orange juice 4 tablespoons grated orange rind

Mix all ingredients and beat for thirty seconds. Pour into wellgreased

tin or tins and bake. (Test—when an

inserted toothpick comes out clean.) Remove from pan and cool on wire racks.

Banana Nut Bread

(One large loaf, bake at 350 F.

for 50 min.)

(Two small loaves, bake at 350 F.

for 35 min.)

3 cups basic biscuit mix 1 egg beaten % cup brown sugar % cup nut meats 1 cup mashed bananas I 2 cup mi Ik

Mix ingredients and beat 30 seconds. Pour into well greased tin or tins and gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH

bake. (Test—when an inserted toothpick comes out clean.) Remove from

pans and cool on wire racks. FRITOS Tuna Sandwich Spread

1 can (7 oz.) Tuna

2 tsp. Lemon Juice

4 tbsp Mayonnaise 2 tbsp Dill Pickle (finely chopped)

Vi cup Cucumbers (finely chopped)

V2 cup Finely crushed FRITOS (measured after crushing)

Flake Tuna, add lemon juice, mayonnaise, pickles, cucumbers and crushed FRITOS. Use as sandwich spread.

FRITOS is the registered trademark of The Frito Company.

A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT!

HOTEL LANKERSHIM DRINK

7th & BROADWAY ROOMS WITH BATH ficq A delightful with basic bread possibilities Quick mix FromNew$3.50DiningSingleand—Supper$5.00RoomsDouble for those hot beverage buttertrimmings: orange surprise, and

scotch pecan or pineapple upside down IN THE VERY HEART OF who don't drink coffee.

biscuits. LOSANGELES AT YOUR GROCERS

JUNE 1953 479.

(RJOsSsjiSv?

Beautify rtmper$onaip I [People

Richard L. Evans Your ChurchI n the normal course of living there are many pleasantries

with a.. I that pass from person to person. There is also much

social veneer and much perfunctory impersonal politeness.

For example, in passing we may more or less automatically ask others how they are, often not waiting for an answer or really expecting one. Often two people in passing ask the

question at the same time, with neither one waiting for an

ELECTRONIC answercomplex fromlivingthe amongother. manyThis practicepeople undercomes perhapsconditionsfromof

pressure and preoccupation. Such salutations, though someORGAN

what superficial, may serve their useful purpose. But if a

person really wants someone to tell his troubles to, the chances are he will have a difficult time to find an open ear among the usual run of those who ask without any idea of slowing their pace to hear the reply. Somewhere

along the way in life we must reach down deeper and discover the substance beneath the surface—for if our concern, if our inquiry of others is habitually impersonal—if

those we pass in public places, those whom we serve in our various capacities are to us merely impersonal people, merely population, we shall find that we have only shallow understanding of others and shall little see below the surface. All

men have their troubles, their problems, whether we know of them or not. All have their hopes and heartaches, their

need of others, their feelings of frustration. All need someWhatever the need...

whatever the occasion—one to talk to, someone to counsel with. All men need unConnsonata is "America's derstanding. And all men have some claims upon us, the

Finest Electronic Organ"for claim of having a common Father, the claim of being fellow school, church, or home.

Four models are available, occupants of the same earth. And he who marks the sparwith the popular single row's fall—and he who walked among men, and blessed priced only slightly manual

higher than a fine piano! the children and healed the sick and showed his concern

superior For perall-around all of us expect more from he would for each one—surely

insist formance, on Connof impersonal thoughtless all of our and us than some.. it it for sonata. See. hear

... compare it—and you'll practices would sometimes seem to suggest.

buy it.

Come in for a friendly demonstration at no obligation. Jke Jpohen [AJorcl FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Copyright,'1933 '9)<?) Daunes Music (6, SYSTEM, MARCH 29, 1953

SOUTH I IT I 4547 MAIN rrnrrrrrrrri'VIT I IT I TT'I TT i 5affake C/fy 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0VO"226O WASHINGTON BLVD..06DEN

-'53 NOTICE 'about POLIO WE SPECIALIZE IN OLD AND obtained from human blood—protects

L.D.S. PUBLIfor a OF PRINT few weeks. OUT But it is in

very short supply. DE- &AMMA GlOBUl/Af? ARE CATIONS IF YOU

SIROUS OF OBTAINING OR T SELLING. PLEASE SUBMIT 1 Keep clean 3 Avoid new groups

YOUR LISTS TO... - pRBGAcrno/vs? Z Don r get fatigued 4 Don't get chilled

Tk ZION'S BOOKSTORE is not ready for 1953. But there is hope

65 East 2nd South 1/ACC/AfSr for the future.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH -J Phone 4-3465 THE NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR INFANTILE PARALYSIS

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

GLAMORIZE YOUR GLASSES Milk Improved by Ruth Kytle TABLE QUEEN BREAD

gives you

more FOOD VALUE for your money

Each Pound Contains the nonfat milk solids of -**. 7 OUNCES OF MBLK

I"ong ago, girls discovered the wisdom of wearing glasses when needed. But still, many of us who

wear them continue to leave them at home when we attend parties. We

don't feel festive while wearing them, so we spend the evening squinting at foggy faces.

The answer to our dilemma would be to have a wardrobe of glasses, but that would be expensive. Yet,

there's a way to solve the problem, easily and becomingly.

How? Simply by clipping a shiny

earring on your glasses where the earpiece connects with the rim. The

earring idea is enhanced when the Enriched with sparkler matches your costume pin.

And it's very pleasant to be able VITAMINS and IRON to see people at the party. Royal Baking Company Salt Lake City—Ogden

i?.=

MALE WRINKLE

By Harriet Claycomb What every hard of hearing person hearing aids Just once a week 1 take the should know about transistor gives the instruments, hearing aid operated you hearing a "Can I GET car;

tells It transtruth the capsule'about 'energy FACTS. a single by

I don't drive fast, I don't go entirely will save aids you istor hearing and a dime than smaller jar. in diameter?... with many hard earned dollars.

intransistors, UNTIL DON'T READ YOU BUY My. just one? of husband drives it every threestead hardevery what you know IT!—until in worn. be that can day, know. ofhearing person should

So tell me, please, why does theaid hair?I can wearCan Isogetthatan W. R. KILMER

Service Hearing Maico say he will ONE NO Building Judge know I 604 of hearing? am hard City, Salt Lake points out his latest he Utah When

bookFREE envelope) (in plain Please A new send me booklet, "Facts your FREE About dent, let, "Facts About "Now where'd you get L. A. WATSON Transistor Hearing sistor Hearing Aids."TranTHAT fender bent?"Aids,"600pageby textL. A.on Watson,hearing authorinstrumentsof a AddressName

and nationally known authority on City State.....

JUNE 1953 481

POLIO FACTS FOR 1953 A Breakfast of

Good cook all demand Tremendous recent progress toward a control for infantile paralysis has brought us to the threshold of prevention of the disease. Thanks to

the support of the March of Dimes by the American people, scientists are now planning field trials of a polio vaccine, and manufacturers are producing the blood fraction, gamma helps keep globulin, for limited use as a temporary preventive of paralysis, to be you going 8 distributed and allocated through the

Defense Mobilization office.

This is good news. Hope rides

high.

But despite this, 1953 will see outbreaks of polio; we cannot count on

any startling reduction of cases this year. Reasons

1) the vaccine is not here for public use—it has yet to be tested;JABBER 2) despite every effort of the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, the American Red Cross, and

government authorities, gamma globuihir fevorfte brand canlin willbe givenbe into suchonly ashortlittle supplyover oneit So delicious and million children out of a population of 46,000,000 in the most susceptible so easy with Carnation

It at least will age groups. be two INSTANT WHEAT! will before itCLABBER years ready for pubbe

lic use. THERE'S nothing more satisfying than s

We must understand and accept pipingwhole wheatandhot breakfastso good,of too,nature'swhen ownyou GIRlr the facts and keep cool heads when make it with Carnation Instant Wheat!

thfe balanced faced with the reality of polio. We THIS DELICIOUS morning treat not only

cannot relax our watchfulness nor delights everyone in the family—but it

baking powder ignore the usual precautions yet providesenergy tomuchneededhelp carry younourishmentthrough longand awhile. If polio comes to your comtiring days. Carnation Instant Wheat is

munity, you will want to observe the richmine,inniacin,the wholephosphorus,wheat valuesand iron.of thia<

sensible rules for good health that WHEN YOU'RE BUSY Carnation Instant have been urged in previous years: Wheat can be fixed in a jiffy, too! Cooks

... let your children continue to in "no time"because it's partially pre'

HULMAN& COMP ANY play with cooked. their usual companions YOUNGSTERS, especially, never need to be

TERRE HAUTE. INDIANA avoid new groups; coaxed once they've discovered the flavor

... make sure they scrub their of this genuine Northwest wheat! So, get

hands before eating, avoid use of familyCarnationoutInstanteach morningWheatandwithstarta grandyour other people's soiled towels, dishes, new breakfast!

Send Your Friends and tableware;

at Home or Abroad... beware of fatigue and chilling,

THE which... lowerdon't resistancesubject youngto poliochildrenvirus;

to unnecessary and lengthy travel. IMPROVEMENT

child if your headache, ERA hasConsultany symptomsyour doctorof polio:

$2.50 a year $3.00 foreign fever, sore throat, upset stomach, stiff

neck or back—and keep him in bed,

away from others, till the doctor

Unbreakable... moulded comes.

Lightglu&3. to look like

free. noise EcoIf polio strikes, turn to your local weight,

nomical. Standard height. chapter of the National Foundation

dealer. your from Order

for for Infantile Paralysis advice and SB 167 L OFFER SPECIAL Doz. $1.25 financial assistance needed. where trial $1.00 Ill 'Mail for lot of

postpaid. sent dozen one of polio is not Conquest yet here DrSnulLmh.kJ Some Famous Family As Carnation Milk

St., Boston Sudbury BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 final victory nearer. 14, Mass. but is much

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

GET HILAND

AT YOUR ST0R *MIUBR00K AT YOUR same top quality

either way

HOME DELIVERY DIVIS

OF HILAND DAIRY

fv BOTH CONTAIN UNITS OF VITAMIN D If children are taught early to look up new words that they hear, they will soon form the habit. HILAND... Utah s First and

Finest Carton Milk!

TRAIN YOUTH Hiland Ice Cream.. Wonderful dessert anytime!

TO USE DICTIONARIES

by Louise Price Bell

short time ago, a noted lecturer said that there were two booksA which everyone should recall owning from the time he or she could remember. The first was, of course,

the Bible, and the second was a good dictionary.

Thousands of new words are added to our language each year. The first

dictionary published in America was written by Samuel Johnson (not the famous doctor) in 1798 and contained 4150 terms. The modern dictionary

today contains about 460,000 terms.

If children are taught to look up new words that they hear, they will form the habit and never read or study without a good dictionary near at hand. Teachers appreciate the

help that parents can give their children by encouraging them to use reference children books, thesuch and their Read TRUTHgetthemselves from more much they otherwisereading would. than

habits,Like all the good earlier Not TRASH BY THE MAKERS OF started, the better! MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS

JUNE 1953 483

SHOES FOR BARE FEET

A SQUARE PEG by Lorraine Manderscheid

IN A SQUARE HOLE havehair, aandlittlewhengirl withI tell lighther stories,golden

I her wide blue eyes fairly drink my words, and the freckles on her STANDARDIZATION IN to quiver with excitement. seem TELEPHONE EQUIPMENT nose She is my delight.

MEANS BETTER SERVICE I can hardly take a breath after

FOR YOU the story, before my Ann gasps, "Why,

Mommy? Why didn't the lions hurt

North, East, South or West—Daniel? Weren't they hungry that

your telephone service is a standday?"Each thing must fit with logic

ardized service—with interchangein her fiveyear-old mind.

able parts and uniform practices She often says, "Tell about when to insure dependability the... of you were a little girl, Mommy."I

service the comindividual, to the story munity, the nation... whether the look into her eager face—the

need be routine or emergency. must be one with a hidden lesson.

"When I was a little girl, my mother bought me some pretty new

The Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph Company shoes. The very first day, I wore

them in the field, took them off, and lost them. Wasn't I sad? Wasn't

my mother sad? 'Well, Lorraine, 4

in Mother said, 'we haven't any more mm money to buy shoes. Your old ones For richer, creamier

are in pieces, so I guess you'll just any.'without to go dishes,uq& j have

I to go to school ashamed "Wasn't - with bare feet? When I sat down, GOOD I could keep my feet under my chair

sight when I MORNING MILK stuckto hiderightmyoutshame.in plain But my feet

national Bibles walked"One downday a thelittlehalls.girl in my class

Choose yours from 32 styles attractively said, 'I have two pairs of shoes, and priced from $2 to $25. one give you I can says mother my

Each is designed for a particular need. them.'like to Can have pair if you'd

printed All are in clearcut type easy read National's on to you guess how glad I was? I can enduring paper, white

lovingly and bound by craftsmen proud still remember how soft and smooth of their handiwork.

Ask for a National... wherever fine those shoes felt on my feet. Wasn't

Bibles are sold. that little girl nice to give me her

shoes?"Since My Ann's eyes were like twin

Christmas trees as she gasped, "Oh, girl if a little who we saw give her shoes, we'd any national BIBLES yes!didn't Andhave

KING JAMES (AUTHORIZED) VERSION some of mine, wouldn't we?"

course we replied, "Of And I IMPORTANT obviously HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f story had The would!"d IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA % NEW taught its lesson of unselfishness, and

of it, but the end that YE was REST I thought KINGS MOTEL DISCOVERY 526 5TH STREET SOUTH quite. wasn't—not B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner ancient portrayal of it An in H. Foutz, came Edgar so later Manager Ann day or my A

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout Lehi's vision of the Tree of all breathless, dragging a little girl

Life by one hand. "Oh, Mommy, look!

(Shows all the features described in She hasn't any shoes, and they call "the Book of Mormon—the Tree, her 'dirty feet!'

Lehi, the rod of iron, etc.!)

Order I looked down at her bare feet and

UNIVERSITY BULLETIN OF THE SOCIETY, No. 4 then at her face. I saw there a ARCHAEOLOGICAL

clutched that of emotions of Archaeology, Brigham Department Young mingling CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME

University, Provo, $1.00. Utah; Price 3-1031 carry face St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main 248 Did my at my heart.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that same beaten look in those longago days? And did hope such as that

leap in my eyes when a little girl all these without attachments!offered her shoes to me? The memories surged too close, and I turned )

away. Ann was jumping up and

down in her scuffed brown shoes. COME IN OR PHONE FOR A

"Mother, can she have my shoes? Can FREE DEMONSTRATION

I give them to her?"ON THE FABULOUS

With a sigh of resignation I said, "I suppose so, Dear. You may take

them off."But her voice was an encethethemostinventionremarkableof the sewingsewing machine!performanguished wail. With Pfaff Dial-A-Stitch, you just dial the

stitch you want and sew!

"Oh, no! Not these ugly ones. It's so easy to learn to sew on a Pfaff!

They wouldn't make her happy. I | Remember:

want to give her my pretty Sunday PFAFF IS a ones."She dashed into her bedroom \ full rotary machine!

shoes as carrying the outand came

Zigzags and Sews StraightBlindand StitchesReverse if diamonds. with they studded were Overcasts

The little darkhaired girl snatched Parts and Service them eagerly. "Can I have 'em, Available Nationally.

ma'am? Can I really have 'em for EasyDownTermsPayment-—Low

mine?"Generous TradeIn.

1953, PFAFF SEW. MACH. CORP.

HEARTY APPETITE By May Richstone PFAFF SALES & SERVICE, INC.

1 eat when I'm happy or 1417 SOUTH STATE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ivhen my soul PHONE 6-9728 Has been bruised by inconsiderate fate,

But mostly I eat too much MR. CHAIRMAN! c/l CENTURY OF to console

Myself for being overFOR CHURCHES AND w eight! SUNDAY SCHOOLS

NEARLY EVERYONE BUYS "AMERICAN"The picture of my little Ann walkWrite for information ing to Sunday School in her old on type of organ brown shoes rose to my imagination, in which you and my mind shouted no, you just are interested. St'

can't have her only good shoes!

FOLDING I said hopefully, "Maybe they won't fit."But her feet slipped into CHAIRS

them with ease. What could I do? 3 SEAT STYLES: PIPE ORGANS

If I refused, my Ann would believe Formed plywood REED ORGANS steel 8 Over or imitation shaped or I onlythat things taught her were in million use! 2J&&J upholstered leather

l talking,for were not and when we. -7WMLJXLmiback seats and deepformed shaped wide Extra

for when we were doing. comfort panels, for extra

steel! crossbraces.Rugged, reinforcedMetal ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT. tubing; triangularsteel There was no money—not now, nor parts are corrosionresistant Bonderized, followed

anytime soon to buy Sunday shoes by two coats of outdoor enamel. No sliding or

or soiling cutting snagging, parts. binding Nofor in indecision I stood Ann. As to carry and hazards. Light weight—easy store. 1 PIKES PEAR

still no, there shoutingwith Write Dept. 1 69 my mind

of scripbit a heartslipped into my SEATING COMPANY AMERICAN FLOUR 2, MICHIGAN N. W., 901 GRAND RAPIDS BROADWAY Iture. inside could hear Deep me

IN PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTORS OFFICES AND BRANCH CITIES With FOURit softly, as ye have "Even murmuring done it unto the least of these...."Extra Baking

Advantages Tinnn CATHEDRAL MM Two little girls danced out the

CHIMES SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLSdoor together, and the darkhaired one turned back and said, with her 425 West 5th Southeyes on the floor, "Ah shore do thank una Salt Lake City. Utah

ya, ma'am."MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal.

JUNE 1953 485 MASTER M MEN NEW DRIPLESS PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET MORE ENERGY

Twentyone years ago now, the Master M Men program was inwith Automatic Locking folding handles troduced, June 11, 1932, with the following purposes in mind:

"1. To encourage M Men to

broaden the scope of their activities.

"2. To lengthen the time of interest and activity in M Men work.

"3. To bestow honor and recognition upon the M Men who fulfil given

Rich, golden ALL-O-WHEAT is the energyrequirements and who have accomoutstanding service to the plished bustling cereal that breakfast packed group."1 for adults need children and active

greater stamina during summer. The most important of all purIts tasty flavor, vital minerals, and bodyposes, of course, is the development

building vitamins A, B, E, & G... all of a wellrounded person, one who Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread

in nature's perfect can take his place deservedly in and water tray, in beautiful appear-... supplies blend

Church and state.

you lasting allday ing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk for is the This "plus"program power. M White). Note the large sturdy handles since it requires the person who start longer sumMen So

that automer days the achieves Master M Men status to (all handles are Crystal) %> ALL-O-WHEAT have been enrolled for three years in matically lock in place. Handles fold

way. the M Men program or have filled an down, out of the way, when not in

L.D.S. mission, and must have parALL-O-WHEAT ticipated in at least ten activities in use; requiring only 1/3 the space of of fewer five groups than no the M old type sets. OGDEN, UTAH

field. includes: This work Men

sports, such as basketball, baseball, Water trays feature a special rim golf, softball, tennis, swimming, track; around each individual cup opening

dramatics; debating, music; and pubas well as around outer edge of tray.

lic speech. are there In addition,

the executive and spiritual fields, This practically eliminates inconvenwhich are probably the most imience of dripping water. This is a

portant of all. special patented feature.

The activities of this Master M Men program have been so well received ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY that it has been widely adopted, Sets available at operating now in most countries. Presiding Bishop's Office

Added to the program is the feature

City, Salt Utah Lake Man award M direct or outstanding order from When You Open Your ofwhichthe Honoraryis given toMastermen of SAVINGS ACCOUNT in leadership achievement and will receive and you with $50.00 or more the THE PLASTICAL COMPANY

Fineline are pen Schaeffer lovely FREE your Church. There Master now 2290

* Blvd. 3575 Manchester set. pencil and in the Church; in addition, to M Men Savings Accounts in any amount $1 4, California Inglewood $25,000. there are 196 Honorary Master M

33 years of continuous operation. Men.

CURRENT Per Three years ago the program of the DIVIDEND 34% Annum Master M Men was broadened. At

Utah Savings thatawarded'time topinsall whoand certificatesachieved inwerethe FOR L. D. S.

Association and Loan Master M Men program. ACCORDION STUDENTS! UTAH PROVO,

D. Spencer Grow, President This June a special breakfast and A special accordion arrangement, in an

MAIL HANDYCOUPON program has been scheduled for all overturehymns. style, of four favorite L.D.S.

in the Church. To Men fo Master order or M money your check Send The MORMONOSO Overture Street, Center 172 West Utah Savings, in roof of the the be held garden

Sixty Cents savings pass Provo, your Utah and to call attenit will serve book Hotel Utah, set will mailed immebe to you pen and nearest your from music dealer tion to tops Order the Angel Moroni, diately. who

- - - or direct from the Name the Salt Lake Temple. As the Master

Address M Men meet, Saturday, June 13, at MILAN0 MUSIC CENTER

City.—Zone....State. 1M.I.A. Publications, 193435, Vol. 11, p. 152. 45 West Main Mesa, Arizona

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6:30 a.m., the first rays of the morning

sun will light the angel, serving as a Prepare for a striking summons for these men who have achieved to accomplish even goodpaying job this fall...

greater things for the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. ENJOY YOUR SUMMER AT

L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SUMMER QUARTER Begins June 1st

Enroll Now! You can register any Ask about our HYSPEED LONGMelchizedek Priesthood It class. turns longhand into day through June 15th. Either day HAND

easy. fast and shorthand

or evening classes in beginning and (Concluded page 473) from for nonhigh Special Junior classes Secretarial, Accounting, advanced for ingraduates. Telephone school

Trainreinstated Administration council Eutyches and d. The and Business formation.

imposed monophysitism on the ing.

East.

... (1) Dioscorus becomes the real Remember you are always cordially welcome at

church power in the East. (2) Opposing bishops were deposed. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

(3) Leo, bishop of Rome, was ignored. nniKVBLiSIJVEiSS rOLLKUl] Branr-h

bishop declared The (4) of Rome 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY at that the assembly Ephesus I rB Iff!M

was not a general council but a

Latrocinium (a gathering of robbers). e. The decisions of the Council of

Ephesus supported by Emperor Theodosius II.

Step 2

Following the outline discuss the controversy between Dioscorus and the Alexandrian 1 LB. WEIGHS 50 FT. SPRINKLER school and Eusebius others and of the plastic sprinkler area can spray an This flexible

by 50 wideAntiochian school. ft. 15

it over yourft. longhillside,at averagetwine waterit aroundpressure.your Drape

flower beds, shape it to any contour of your landscaping—it'll do a perfect sprinkling job in any

Step 3 position! This durable sprinkler will not rot or

mildew, even if stored wet! The spray is so fine

Start a discussion by use of such questions it'sthe valvegentleandon itflowersbecomes—a a realsoaker.waterCompletesaver! Turnwith

as the following: brass connector. 20 ft. leneth $2.50: 50 ft.

length $4.75, postpaid. 5 yr. guarantee

RETHY'S determined whether 1. What a Christian

Boulevard, Sunset of the fourth century was orthodox 28, or Hollywood6219 a heretic? Parkways Trees CaliforniaFlower Beds

2. How much influence did the emperor

have in changing the doctrines of the doctrines of the church?

3. What evidence do we find in this Curved or Terraced

controversy that the pope of Rome was. Landscaping

not recognized as the head of the church? 4. Do you blame the bishops for changing

their theological views to agree with the emperor?

IN THE GOSPEL NET Step 4 Summarize the ideas gained from the By Elder John A. Widrsoe

class discussion. At your bookdealers—$1.75

Step 5 Assignments:

1. Arouse general quorum interest in the

next lesson by leaving with the class a challenging problem, such as the following: i USE lorSEVENTYFIviYEMS a. What happened to the doctrine of

the church regarding the divineAids in treatment of Canker, simple human nature of Christ when the sore throat and other minor mouth died Theodosius Emperor and and throat irritations.

the Marcian to power? Read came

text lesson 26 for the answer.

2. Individual Assignments. a. Have one quorum member come HALLS REMEDY

prepared to tell what Pope Leo's Salt Lake City, Utah THE NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR INFANTILE PARALYSIS tome was.

JUNE 1953 487 Your Page

Buffalo, New York The Light Touch Gentlemen:

... Out here in the mission field, we regard the missionaries

A teacher was discussing safety problems with the fourth grade with the highest esteem, and we converts never can hear enough class. One little girl asked to go back to the library for a book about them. How about more "missionary"articles in the Era?

she thought the school should read. She returned with Churchill's My only complaint to the Era is that it isn't published often

The Crossing. enough. From cover to cover, I find the magazine helpful and,

lit'$ # $ $ most important, inspiring.

is It course. the favorite, of features are Church The my sister school, the other crazy about younger and was One one closest Authorities. to that Brother the General hearing I can come sister less 'the older enthusiastic. considerably was day One

. living daily Evans'are gems. "Spoken Words"my "Let's suggested, play school."

for entirely feeling the express never the I can.have. deep we let's right,""All grudgingly, returned the younger one "but

missionaries. of light the Lord's into so brought have They much play I'm absent."

fields. the dark mission hear them. about more we May

Yours very truly, When the teacher asked Johnny what George Washington was /s/ Patricia S. Keyes

noted for, he surprised her by replying: "His memory."

"Why do you think his memory was so great?"she inquired. San Carlos, Calif.

He replied: "Well, they erected a monument to it!"'VT'ou might like to know, that Mrs. Lida Peck, who has been an

;;;: sfc %: * instructor at San Mateo Junior College at San Mateo for

many years as creative writer instructor, gave us a list of good

The difference between perseverance and obstinacy is that one magazines to write for. She emphasized to the class that the

comes from a strong will and the other from a strong won't. stories in The Improvement Era were first class and they accepted

only the best. I remember her saying, "You can't sell anything

to that magazine unless it is of the highest standard."

Teaching a little Indian boy to read, the teacher wrote the /s/ Naomi Shepard MacCabe word boy in different places on the blackboard, and each time he read it correctly. Then she wrote it in huge letters, filling a Portland, Oregon

whole section of the blackboard. He hesitated, then, "I guess Gentlemen:

that must be man."... I have nearly a complete set of Eras since Vol. 1, so would

hate to miss the past two issues. I have them bound, and they

a part library. of valuable become my

lately,"the friend "I complained can't get with boy along my is a wonderful Era magazine. The I especially enjoy the ediif there's anything teenager. ignores that makes me, and "He torials President by Dr. McKay, Widtsoe, Spoken The and Word,

its ignorance!"mad me articles the wonderful Nibley, Dr. by Dr. Sperry, others. and

/s/ Jerreld L. Newquist

Radar is an ingenious device which will never succeed because advertisers can't spell it backwards.

They had been invited to a party, and when at the last moment her cousin, a sailor, dropped in, they took him along.

He proved to be such a talker that he monopolized the conversation to the annoyance of the hostess and her elderly mother, whom he was obviously boring to the point of retaliation. At last

he launched into a story of his experiences during the war.

"I was torpedoed in the Pacific,"he began. "In fact, I lived Miles L. Jones, (right) father

for a week on a can of sardines."of Sister Read; and (below)

"Really!"exclaimed the exasperated old lady. "Weren't you Elder Albert E. Read, Sisterafraid of falling off?"Read, and Elder Boyd A. Read,

their son and present Bishop of

It was little Billy's habit, on awakening in the morning, to slip Lorin Farr Ward.

out of his crib and crawl beneath the covers either with his father or his mother. But one day his parents got up early and

left him sleeping blissfully in his crib. In a short while they

heard piteous shrieks from overhead.

Dashing up to the bedroom, mother flung open the door. The

little fellow rushed to her arms and, raising his tearstained face, explained: "Mother, I woke up and looked in your place, and

you were not there. Then I looked in daddy's place, and he

wasn't there. And then I went back and looked in my place

and 7 wasn't there! Then I was 'fraid!"

A A FAMILY OF BISHOPS

Daughter, wife, and mother of a bishop has been the unique experience of Mrs. Albert E. Read—and the three bishops have

served in the same area in Ogden, Utah. She was born in the

Ogden Seventh Ward, where her father, Elder Miles L. Jones

served as bishop from 1908 to 1916. Her husband, Elder Albert

E. Read, served as bishop of this same Ogden Seventh Ward from

1931 to 1939. Their son, Elder Boyd A. Read, is now serving as

bishop of the Lorin Farr Ward, which is a recent division of this same Ogden Seventh Ward. Sister Read has found a lifetime of

service and enjoyment in the Church.

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

That Wire Has To Be SUPER SAFE do should your motor oil

Walking a tight wire is risky enough without worrying about whether the wire will break. That's why the performer uses a special steel cable, capable of supporting two tons if necessary. It provides an extra measure

of protection, It's super safe

Remember those words "super safe"when you buy motor oil for your car.

Get Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium

Motor Oil. It provides that extra measure of protection you need. You can

depend on it under all driving conditions. It's super safe for all cars!

Mere's 4Xtper-&fk Lu6r>'carton &ncf Engine Protection

TO SATISFY!A MOTOR OILGMRAmEP

When you refill with Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium

Motor Oil you get a printed certificate—your guarantee

of satisfaction! Use this great oil for ten days, or up to

1,000 miles. Then, ifyou aren't completely satisfied, go to

any Phillips 66 Dealer and he will refill your car's crankcase with any other available oil you want, at Phillips expense How does Phillips dare make such a guarantee? We do

it because Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil is such a good oil. It gives you really dependable Lubritection... lubrication plus engine protection. Get Phillips

66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil. It's guaranteed to

satisfy you on every count

"luArifecfion G&t mm

Sharing the >d Things of Life The lure and lore of the great oftof-doors can form a lasting bond of friendship and mutual respect between father and son, between scoutmaster and scout.

One of the first lessons taught by the experienced woodsman to the tenderfoot is to "be prepared",..

and this motto applies equally well to the more prosaic pursuits of everyday work and play. It's a

good habit to "be prepared"for any of life's exigencies. Your friendly

Beneficial Life Insurance counselor can tell you how to do it in financial matters. Give him a call now.

f0J/Ajfo

t

1111*1111 I- M

::!m

: -;:'::.:

EN E'F'TC'I Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah