FEBRUARY

RETURN POSTAGE SALT LAKE Cm.

THE Oh!to dodear,aboutI can'tthe rangedecideinwhatour WhyThen, notin thesteepmorningon the. problem. hohum?

new kitchen.... 'night, darlin'GAS FLAMS

QUINTS SOLVE MRS. D'S

DILEMMA

-.(1

We're the Quints who Bring new freedom

From your household tasks (We'll speed 'em!)

And well save you money, too. -..

May, we go to work for YO U?

??S You'll be the happiest with a beautiful

new GAS range in a "New Freedom"

GAS kitchen.

Rise and shine, Lazybones! I've QUINTS?! Oh, you gave me a

decided on a *New Freedom"gas scare for a minute. A dream,

kitchen with new *CP"range. The eh? M'm'm... I smell

Quints helped me make up my mind. Breakfast, here I come!—

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities.

"Since my first package they're a must By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. with my family

Japanese celebrate their birthdays on the same day, New Year's Day. The

New Year's Day following actual birth is taken as the twoyear-old birthday, even though the child were born the day before, on December 31st. A child

is counted a year old when it is born because the development time of the child before birth is considered as part of its age. Crisp, Tangy, Flavorful

Tt was shown by the late Dr. Raymond

Pearl that people whose grandparents died at an average age above eighty years, normally live about ten years longer than people whose grandparents died at the age of fifty or younger.

'"Phe American muskrat was taken about three years ago to Karelia, north of Leningrad in Russia, and has done well there.

A new breed of silkworm has been "developed in Russia which will breed not only in the southern part of the country, but in the central and northern regions as well. Compared to

the usual Chinese breed, it produces ofone instead cocoons but a year, two each has 1,300 about cocoon of tove yards.thread compared to 450550 yards by "Do 7

the Chinese breed.- problem * 7V patent has been given for a new *

"machine which seals evaporated children.

milk in bottles instead of cans. Bettermilk color and flavor are claimed for vour

this milk. "pROM the time it falls until the time it I\0 you have any trouble to be sure that your children melts, snow commonly packs into have in their diet the quart of milk a day that nutrition about a quarter of its initial thickness. authorities say each of them should have for the best of

Snow newly fallen will contain about growth?

one inch of water for each ten inches of snow but at the time of melting, about The use of Sego Milk—whole milk concentrated to double

four inches of water for every ten richness—will help you to put more milk in your children's

inches of snow. diet, help you more surely to provide the tooth and bone-

4 building substances which growing bodies must have, the

A healthy man accustomed to worksubstances which milk chiefly provides.

"ing under such conditions, may, And Sego Milk provides also the extra sunshine vitamin while exercising in the heat, run a tem- D which children must have in their diet to enable them perature of 103 or even 104 for hours properly to use those tooth and bonebuilding materials. A

without marked ill effects. pint of Sego Milk mixed with a pint of water to make a quart

of rich whole milk contains 400 units of vitamin D. Use Sego

\T7hen it was discovered that millions Milk for all your milk needs.

*"of mosquitoes were killed by dynamos in power stations after being attracted of the engines, drone by electrical an SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY device to give designed was out a particular note to attract mosOriginator of Evaporated Milk in the Intormountain West quitoes to death by electrocution in the Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

apparatus.

FEBRUARY 1946 65

IKadio *-)&ene$ Jke Lcover

debunkers have ONDr. JanuaryFranklin 20,L. HPhe*- had their day, and

West, Church Comin the judgment of of Educamissioner time the great of men tion, commenced still a QmpwraeKrfi history their merit series of Sunday eveFEBRUARY, 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 2 greatness. Despite the

talks on ning hour radio Church the "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"havefrailtiessharedtheyin commust with the general title, Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement mon with all mankind, "Education for ReliAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward they distinguished gious Living."He will Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of themselves by speakbe heard over KSL Latterday Saints ing truth fearlessly and

Sunday every time. mountain m., at 9 p. * accomplishingtasks with steadfastdifficult

purpose. The granthe deur of late Gutzon * (Lditort Jke Borglumi's heroic

sculpture completed of StatehoodJar by his Utah's Golden - Anniversary - son on Mount George Albert Smith 75 Piianiiivmo Rushmore, South Dakota, matches the spirBy P. Bracken Cfmrcfi featured itual stature of WashJefferson, Lincoln, and Theodore Howsilentlovelythings!are these LetterPrinciplesof theof FirstPeacePresidencyin the PostwarConcerningPeriod....DavidMilitaryO*Training..McKay 7678 Roosevelt.ington, photoThe

symsoundless Reconciliations: is The the graph Evidences and Garden Charles by Was CI—Where

.. of snow phony for adapted D'Emery, of 97 Eden? A* Widtsoe John

songs wordless The cover use Charles by to Called Taft Netherlands Benson Genealogy: Ezra Rec-... sings spirit the Jacobsen. Ill Preserved Mission 67 ords European grate's companThe...106 Priesthood: Melchizedek 1 1. Life. of. Jr. Tanner, Nathan glow. ionable 109 Aaronic 112 Church Moves The On 110 Teaching Ward these! lovely, How....86, 115, 122 Mutual Messages NoLiquor-Tobacco Column today, yet, And Field 128 122, 107 Photos still another of I learned Address: Change

more dear: Your look that spanFifteen days'notice rened a room to say Special Featured quired for change of adwonderful "How to "Oh, What Shall the Harvest Be?"Marvin O. Ashton 80 change,dress. Whenpleaseorderingincludea here!"find you

Relationship of Nutrition to Dental Decay and Pyorrhea stencil impression from a

Carlyle S* Miller 81 recent issue of the magaGeorge Washington, A Spiritual Man Wendell J, Ashton 84 zine. Address changes

cannot unless be made "Scouts of the World, Building Together"Editors the old well as address as Rock M. Kirkham 86

is the George Albert Smith included. new one John A. Widtsoe A Mormon Wife—The Life Story of Augusta Winters

Grant—XII Mary Grant Judd 88 Executive and Editorial

Managing Editor Applause at Gettysburg 92 Offices:

Richard L. Evans The Legend of the Tribe of Very Much Wind—Part II 50 North Main Street,

Ruby K. Smith 93 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Editors Associate Square 94 from Temple Richard L. Evans Spoken The Word

Copyright 1946 by MuMarba C. Frankthe Universe, Cook's Corner 99 Josephson Exploring Inc., tual Funds, a CorMulder William lin 101 Hints 65 S. Harris, Jr Handy poration of the Young

Is "Rules Truth? Albert L. ZoWashington's George What Men's ImproveMutual General Manager

bell, 100 70 of Conduct"Jr ment Association of the Q. Morris George 72 St. Valentine's 100 from News the Camps Day of of Jesus Christ Church

Letter Belgium, Charles the Aztecs, Torturing Paul from Saints. All Associate Manager

74 J. 102 Latterday Devignez Dibble E. rights reserved. SubscripLucy G. the Fold, of Brownie BerOut Boy, Theodore American Cannon The tion price, $2.00 a year,

Business Manager Roosevelt 90 nice Brown 104 in advance; 20c single

Best Bookrack Next Your Homing: On the 114 copy. John D. Giles Green.... Friend, Page 98 Your and Ours 128 Helen G.

Editorial Associates Entered at the Post

Office, Salt Lake City, Elizabeth Utah, as secondclass

Albert L Zobelljr.J. Moffitt (L-ditorialSKonal6 matter. Acceptance

Harold Lundstrom Fiftieth Anniversary of Utah's Statehood mailing at special rateforof

Levi Edgar Young 96 postage provided for in

National Advertising Quoting Thomas Jefferson 96 section 1103, Act of OcRepresentatives Communique on Displaced Persons 96 tober, 1917, authorized

Francis M. Mayo, July 2, 1918.

Salt Lake City S. Townsend, Edward S>tone5,r,one5, J-oetroeifu is Thenot responsibleImprovementfor unEra and San Francisco

Los Angeles Spring Comes to Johnny Adams Mary E, Knowles 82 solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, The Old Peter's Cabin Cow S, Dilworth Young 85 welcomes contributions.

91 Trapper.Ann Hafen Chicago Meek, Woodbury and Company Joe

All manuscripts be must New York P. Bracken 66 Cottonwoods, Pianissimo, Zenor Grace suffiby accompanied

- Pratt 68 85 Page Poetry for delivery cient postage Audit Bureau of Member, Time? Frontispiece: and Wasted Washington DevRuth J. and return. Circulations

ereaux Perry Gertrude Lincoln, 98

Stanton 73 Going Home, Grace Sayre 119 66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mtts*EZRA TAFT BENSON Called to Luropean?p iSSion Hea '-i

ElderCouncilEzraof Taftthe TwelveBensonhasofbeenthe London.They willBothmakeEldertheirBensonheadquartersand Elderin

appointed president of the EuroBabbel will leave their families at home. <

pean Mission. The announcement was

made by the First Presidency on Janu- 'T'he reorganizing of the various misiVu'Vl ary 14. sions in Europe will be Elder BenIn appointing Elder Benson, the First son's primary task. Five mission presi-;"I'll

for appointed been have alreadyPresidency announced: dents IMj continental Netherlands Europe: The

have Developments seem made it Cornelius both Mission, Zappey, who is ill to release desirable Elders and wise John the field of labor; for his awaiting visas

andA. Widtsoe Thomas E. McKay from Swiss Mission, Scott Taggart, whose their call to the in order Mission European

transportation is being arranged; the

Swedish Mission, Eben R. T. Blomquist; the Norwegian, A. Richard Peterson, both sailing from New York on

January 26; and the French Mission,

James L. Barker, whose transportation

is being arranged. President Hugh B.

Brown heads the British Mission. He

assumed his position during the war in conjunction with his duties as coordinator for Latterday Saint servicemen.

The other missions have acting presidents.

Fulltime missionaries are now being sent to the British Mission. Missionaries have been called for other countries and are awaiting visas. The extent

of missionary activities in Europe for a season will depend upon the reports which Elder Benson makes after receiving firsthand knowledge of conditions there.

EZRA TAFT BENSON Elder Benson was a missionary in

England from 1921 to 1923 and toured that they might supervise the collection and the countries of Europe at that time.

relief of materialsforwarding and to Europe of president the two as served has He to call to preside Elder Ezra Taft Benson C. D. Boise Washington, stakes, and

mission. thatover of the Council has member been a He

In this position Elder Benson will atof the Twelve since October 1943.

tend to the spiritual affairs of the Saints Elder Benson takes to Europe his exin Europe as well as direct the work to perience gained as secretary of the Namake available food, clothing, and bedtional Council of Farm Cooperatives ding for the members of the Church in in Washington, D. C, which, through We extend our appreciathese distressed areas. In excess of member organizations, served over two tion to the regular civilian

thirteen thousand been packages have resigned farmers. million American He travellers rewho haveshipped prowelfare Church by the the this Council called to position when frained from using to several the past during thegram weeks of the Twelve.

of the Churchmembers now trains who can in order that returnhis mission, Returning he and frombe reached. ing members of his brother, in the spirit of cooperative the Armed are being effected Plans to send now

articles in carload quantities. enterprise, alternated quarters at BrigForces could go home. It

farming, so University with Young ham Letters several cablegrams will be and have which months bethat education. could both get a college offices in receivedbeen from the Church can offer we civilians in fore in 1926, Elder Benson graduated andthe acting Saints presidents mission and

of the liberated countries indicate that that year married Flora Smith Amussen. definite assurance of acthe welfare packages are being received A scholarship took them to the Iowa commodations to the East.

Agricultural State College, wherein condition. to the In addition good he reIn the meantime, do not his ceived of science degree, masterpackages welthrough the and sent by travel unless absolutely elected Delta, Sigma was to Gammafare program, the and of members many

Church have sent packages to relatives the honor society of agriculture. necessary.

and friends. Word has also been reIn 1928 he served as county agriculceived that these packages are reachtural agent in Preston, Idaho. In 1930,

ing their destinations. he became extension economist and

Elder Benson expects to leave Febmarketing specialist at the University of ruary 1 by PanAmerican Clipper. Idaho, College of Agriculture. He did *?4e Sc&tic "Route /4ct44 /4mvucA

With him will go Elder Frederick W. more graduate work at the University

Babbel, recently released from the of California and helped to organize the WESTERN PACIFIC armed services, who served on a misIdaho Cooperative Council, serving as sion to Germany, from 1936 to 1939. its secretary. H. L., A. Z.

FEBRUARY 1946 j 61 WIND BEFORE A SNOWSTORM A PRELUDE TO THE SNOW

By Helen Martin Home By DeVeaux Jackson Townsend Aoto*tlC

SWIFT from the north, with shrill and It's raining, and a grayness is cov'ring all whistling sound, the sky.

A frosty, biting wind is hurrying 'round. The leaves, once green, take on a golden

It rushed upon the twilight's peaceful glare glow.

And threw a noisy clatter on the air. In shallow, dancing puddles, the falling

Across the fields the flecks of stubble fly drops bounce high.

Like swirling specks of dust against the sky, A warm wind sings a prelude to the snow.

While curling, blackened mist, through brittle leaves, swept to the garden The wall, out. smoke, is weaving in and

Are left to dance and shiver where they fall. The morning sun is hidden by its foe.

The locust pods that rattle with their seeds The heavy rain clouds surge and move and

Are raspy dry, and driven with the leaves; spread their store about.

Yet on blows the wind with quick and har- A warm wind sings a prelude to the snow.

ried sound As with a stinging breath it sweeps the ground ABRAHAM LINCOLN To leave the level stretches combed and By Ruth Erickson bare.

Loudly it rushes! Whirling everywhere! SING, oh America, land of free people!

Hurrying, hurrying, as with the sinking sun Rise up, oh nation, and lift up in song!

Twilight ends, to leave the night begun. For history's annals proclaim a deliverer

And night will bring a robe of shining gleam Burning with zeal to right a great wrong!

To "heap upon earth's bareness, white and

SEE YOUR clean. Humblety; his parentage; brought up in povercrude;

a Godendowed love for his fellow ELECTRICAL IT SHALL BE MUSIC ButMightywith in prowess, though clumsy and

DEALER By Helen Baker Adams Likemenunto Onecrucified on the rood!

Tt shall be music just to hear his tread * Upon the drive again, the crunch of rock His was the anguish, and his was the glory,

On rock, footsteps in rhythm spirited Seeking fulfilment of one great ideal; And sure. Too long no clatter at the lock. And blessed are we—for he stands in the

No happy banter, no gay breathless whirl shadows,

About the cheerful kitchen as he laughs Ever inspiring us, vital and real!

"There now! The headman's home again,

my girl.

Bring out the rations. Where's the fatted

calf?

Where is my son... my slippers... and

the mail?"

wail old, familiar Is answered, and his Utah Power It shall be heaven when the family prayer air! like in the music hunger sounds Of

& Light Co. TO THE NORTH STAR

By Wilford E. Smith

i i mi i ii m i 555 i< ii.'iiiii ii i iii i iiiiiii nTTTTmTTTmniinni Five years ago she said, "I do!"

Tonight she's far away.

Tonight in tears I look at you

I And think of that bright day. S C hearts U were one. years ago two for Five of music suitable stocksWeMcarry large they'll ever be And one

As long as earth is warmed with sun

And moonbeams kiss the sea. CHURCH ES

But war broke up our peaceful home sea. called over me ANDSCHOOLS And

Pacific the broad foam Beyond Arranged for HOME USE InstrumentalVocal and Where men fought to be free. And now I have to scan the skies SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS light within your see To Write music. in L. D. specializeWe her eyes reflected from love The for available. material suggestions S.andChurch to us

tonight. too, you, watch in Lester pianos, Which Steinway band andDealers

and orchestra instruments, talking machines, records and musicians'supplies. North Star, caress her wavy hair

a breathe lips which The FAIRBANKS LINCOLN BY AVARD silent prayer ABRAHAM CO. MUSICDAYNES And kiss with silver beams SCHOOL, HAWAII PLANTATION dreams. than FOR EWA more For something City 1 Salt Lake47 So. Main St.

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PORTRAIT OF A GIRL WOOD HAUNTED By Alice Josephine Wyatt * A farte'SM?THERE in the crowd I watched her as she

stood Like one fresh flower in a withered bed.

She must have come from some songhaunted wood

Where pine incense hangs heavy overhead.

And when she spoke, I heard quick brooklets flowing;

Her eyes shone blue as sunbathed mountain lakes;

And in her laughter woodland winds were blowing.

Her hair was like dark pools when moonlight breaks.

She had two cheeks like Indian summer skies

That burn at sunset as the forest fire,

And on her lips redbirds had poured their dyes In mold to suit a sculptor's strict desire.

There are some souls who drink at hidden springs, And transport sylvan worlds where beauty clings.

HOME IS THE SPIRIT

By John E. Donovan

A home is many things—so many things

** That inventories written down don't list:

The countless tunes the chime of memory rings, The habitmolded spots that would be missed, And sorely missed, if they were ever changed.

But homes—real homes—cannot be rearranged

To leave the essence out. That is their

worth, The reason they're the dearest place on earth.

TODAY MY JOHNNY MARCHED OFF

TO THE WARS By Beth Henry Did you ever stop to think why so many of the Case tractors in use are owned by farmers with a lot of tractor experience?

off to the'T'oday Johnny marched my of several years, tractors for perhaps has used a man wars, When with his buddies,* Marched Frank away that the qualities count features the finds out and makes, he Joe. and

Barefoot boys but a few short years ago most in a tractor.

Today they're men marching off to the wars. Experienced owners like the way Case engines pull as strong

Who will they fight when they get to the at halfspeed as when wide open, saving fuel on light work a lot of gear shifting. They like Case SynchroWhy wars?boys—like Johnny and Frank and Joe. and avoiding

Barefoot boys but a few short years ago nized Steering and the Case selflocking, fullswinging drawThey're the ones who fight and die in the bar which make short turns easy with full load. They like the

wars. deep cushioned Safety Seat that floats on springand-rubber

Friend and foe, victor and vanquished in mounting, pushes up to form a backstop when the driver war,

Are boys like my Johnny and Frank and stands for a change from steady sitting.

Joe. Most of all they like the extra ENDURANCE built into

Barefoot short boys but a few years ago—

for the horrorsThey of seem so young war. Case tractors. It means low annual cost for upkeep, extra years

Some think of the glory and gain of war, of use that cut down the cost per year of ownership.

But I of the Johnnies and Franks and Joes

Barefoot boys but a few short years ago

Theirs is the sorrow and the pain of war.

FURLOUGH

By Cpl. D. L. Chipman

1-2 popularpriced the include plow Allpurpose models all last the long? hours can so

full and 3-plow above, "DC.""SC,"2-plowHOW shown "VAC* stretched far? miles so be The sizes standard and models three are orchard the In same is all time furlough wrong?Why 4-5 vineyard also plus the mighty "LA,"fourwheelers, plow star. to not aMy journey's

for dealer; write specials. See Case your truckcrop and fast time should asThe go homeward

As those precious hours when I'm home at catalog of size to suit your farming. Address Dept; B-44,

last. J. I; Case Co., Racine, Wis.

FEBRUARY 1946 69

: Compiled by vK/kat Id Jmth

ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

O say what is truth? 'Tis the fairest gem Editorial Associate

That the riches of worlds can produce;

And priceless the value of truth will be when

The proud monarch's costliest diadem has its assigned part; and it is for

Is counted but dross and refuse.—John Jaques tionus to ofendeavorthis perpetualto performtaskourof porour

(Deserer Sunday School Songs, p. 76) species. (Whewell)

What is truth?—Photograph, Harold M, Lambert

General, abstract truth is the What is truth?

precious of all blessings; withmost truth, for the seek the sake To

out it it is the eye man is blind; truth, is the of of the of one knowing

reason. ( Rousseau noblest objects a man can live for.

What is truth? (Dean Inge)

Truth, whether in or out of fashWhat is truth?

ion, is the of knowledge, measure design but has no a man When business of the and the understandtruth, to speak plain he a may say ing; whatsoever is beside that, great deal in a very narrow comhowever authorized by consent, or pass. (Steele)

recommended by rarity, is nothing but ignorance, or something worse. What is truth?

(Locke) Truth is only developed in the

What is truth? hour of need; time, and not man,

The greatest homage we can pay discovers it. (Bonald)

to truth is to use it. ( Emerson What is truth?

What is truth? Receiving a new truth is adding

There is no progress in funda- a new sense. ( Liebig

mental may grow truth.—We is truth? in What

its in knowledge of meaning, and shall truth, the ye and know And its its of the application, but modes free. shall truth the make you ( John principles will great forever be the 8:32.)

same. (W. Radcliffe) What is truth?

What is truth? Truth—the sum of existence.

Truth is so great a perfection, ( John Jaques that if God would render himself What is truth?

visible to man, he would choose Peace if possible, but truth at light for his body and truth for his any rate. (Luther)

soul. (Pythagoras) What is truth?

What is truth? And truth is knowledge of things

In the discovery of truth, in the as they are, and as they were, and development of man's mental powas they are to come. (D. & C. 93:

ers and privileges, each generation 24.)

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Here Comes AssemblyLine

One milker handles 250 cows twice a day at John

DeCarli's efficient ranch near Stockton, California

can milker the a to milker workj&SX give fflUk tndows stalls, milk four to mventive *** other required 2fif the appU JohnDe has. His machmen blacksmith ation and cows hood change x c to b glass s wlth methods the CarU aUey on eye duction De an keep rfa an the=mUk a as.assemblyline"send same Q that purnps ar> s cos handle layout gates, a mapulls *"of series ding assemblytype consists cow the steps herds and for washes practical. then Th next - the the opens open To primes**?% trap floor fSdr a cows onto 150 than forward De less of the rfgr proceeds floor dairymen and gate,.g neighbor **?*&tfsf Several opening an through Here, home- a show Carli's to anear attached invitedinvn e was cups PeV teat d Carh hTjas De Recently the down proceed plans Q 5?TSSlS2lthe cow to leave, door. compthan 5SSSItMS to the alley r**?*a will be available. so high, milking John's Propenings ateloWerwaistlevel the Here stalls. the

SAFEWAY'S Milk Handling Goes Modem, Too

Live SteanfCooks'Crop Enemies Safeway's tank truck milk collection is so satisfactory the system will be installed at all

Safeway milk plants as conditions permit. Here's how

it works: milk flows from

farmer's cooler to dairy storage vat. Driver of Safeway

tank truck measures amount of milk; turns on agitator

secures sample to be delivered under refrigeration to milk plant for butterfat testing; pumps milk from vat

truck. into tank At milk plant, milk is pumped from fail methods up in Washington's Yakima When other

into tank. storage truck

Elliott's Valley, contraption "cooks"pests, Burr weed seed and other crop enemies in the soil. Neighbors This system eliminates the farm chore of putting

have hired Elliott to sterilize their soil... claim it milk into milk cans. It also reduces transportation

pays when crops are high in value. The steam cooker cost, makes weighing and sampling of milk more

consists of a "tea kettle"set on a double disk... accurate, improves quality. Better quality milk at lower

with tubes carrying the live steam down along the cost leads to larger consumption.

front of the cutting disks, which bury it beneath the soil. Still in the experimental stage—but the results Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut "inbetween"

look good! costs

Safeway buys regularly, offering producers a steady market... with no brokerage fees

A SAFEWAY Farm Reporter Advertisement Safeway pays going prices or better, never offers a

Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab on how farmprice lower than producer quotes ers make work easier, cut operating costs, imSafeway stands ready to help move surpluses prove crop quality. His findings are reported Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by

because we Safeway people know that exchangdirect distribution... so consumers can afford to

ing good ideas helps everybody, including us. increase their consumption

After all, more than a third of our customers are farm folks. SAFEWAY—the neighborhood grocery stores

FEBRUARY 1946 71 *2)L Valentine 5 JUST OFF THE <J-Jat

Discourses of C aint Valentine's Day is alluded to

WILFOR and byalsoShakespeareby the poet Lydgateand by whoChaucer,died in 1451. One of the earliest known writers of valentines, poetical, or amorous "/,;'?;,;=I?IT:..:..': '.: '::':: for this addresses Charles, day was

Duke of Orleans.

Here are the teachings of the There was a prevalent notion among the common people, that this fourth President of the Church. $KK& was the day on which the birds selected

mates. to imhave seem They "Our children should not be their that agined influence an in inherent was neglected; they should receive the in day, helped which degree some

a proper education in both to bind the lot or chance by which any spiritual and temporal things. youth or maid was now led to fix his

That is the best legacy any attention on a person of the opposite parents can leave to their sex. It was supposed, for instance, that

children."—Wilford Woodruff. the first unmarried person of the opposite sex whom one met on Saint

"Discourses The of Wilford Woodin Valentine's morning walking abroad, ruff"companion volume is a worthy a destined or was wife a destined husto Doctrine,""Gospel Joseph by band. F. Smith; of "Discourses Brigham

Young"; "Gospel Kingdom,"by John A forward miss in the Connoisseur,

Taylor; and "Gospel Standards,"by a series of essays published in 1754-6,

Heber J. Grant. thus adverts to other notions with respect to the day: Wilford Woodruff's clear, pointed $250

explanations of gospel doctrines Last Friday was Saint Valentine's day and his wise, farsighted counsel 555 f ILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON 555J and the night before, I got five bay leaves, are as applicable today as they and pinned four of them to the four corners in were his generation. Here is pillow, fifth the and to of my the middle; a BOOKCRAFT COMPANY book of needed by every student then and dreamt of sweetheart, my Street, 18 Richards Salt Lake City the gospel. said Betty be married ifweI should the before

Please send books checked below: out. it year to was But sure, make more

Wilford Woodruff boiled hard, an egg and out took the yolk, Compiled Dr. G. byof Homer Durham$2.50 it Discourses I it salt; and filled I with and to when went the $2.00 and Dragon Man

it, bed, ate shell all, and without Dr. A. By speaking John Widtsoe

Prince of Ur it. $2.00 drinking or after also wrote our We Other Bookcraft books: The new Y. Susa By D. Widtsoe Gates—Leah lover's bits names on of paper, rolled and Theirs $2.00 Kingdom

in clay, them up into put and them water; THE AND MAN IsBythe Wendell J. Ashton DRAGON

Story The first Jesus $1.25 the that and rose to A. John By Dr. up Widtsoe our be

R. Eliza Byof Snow valentine. think 84 Here are you informal Would themes, Blosapplying wasit?—Mr. Quest The $2.00 principles of truth of to problems today. D I som lay man. was a-bed shut my and O. By my F. Ursenbach is This choice $2.00. a volume. till Miracles eyes all the $1.50 morning, Modem he to our came

Stokes Jeremiah By for I house; would not THE PRINCE have seen another OF UR Johnny

before for him $2.00 man the world.1 By Y. Gates, Susa in collaboration Harriet Compiled J. Stradling by

with Leah D. Widtsoe The Gospel Kingdom $2.25

origin Taylor John By of these The peculiar observIntrigue, adventure, in romance, setting a Smith: Joseph $2.25 ProphetStatesman ances of Saint Valentine's is of a Oriental glamor Day of D story Dr. G. By Homer Durham

in Abraham the land..of. thethe Chaldees. subject of $3.00 Colonizer Young, Brigham The obscurity. some saint The D $2.00. Dr. R. Milton Hunter By priest a was of Rome, met who Reconciliations Evidences $1.85 himself, and D IS THEIRS THE KINGDOM Dr. first A. death a sad John Widtsoe By being by beaten with

J. Military By Wendell Book of Remembrance Ashton $1.50 clubs then and beheaded. The greater R. By George Gygi Biographical of sketches eight choice charhis of part His $2.25 remains Mansions Many are preserved in the acters from the of S. history. L. D. pages

S. Rulon Howells By $2.00. St. church of Praxedes at Rome, where This $2.50 For Glory My

a Bailey gate was Paul for him, By named Porte ValTHE QUEST $2.50 entini. association The of the lovers'By O. Bailey Paul F. Ursenbach The Gay SaintBy

The story of one who sought the "Priceless The Gospel Through the Ages -$1.30 festival with Saint Valentine seems to

Pearl."distinctive mark of the true church. Dr. Milton R. Hunter By

$2.00. $2.50 arise from the fact that the feast of the Thunder Cave

By Jeremiah Stokes saint falls in early spring and is purely THE STORY JESUS the $2.00 Temples OF Most High accidental.

B. N. Lundwall ofBy Eliza R. By Snow

$1.50 The Spoken "and Word"life of only complete the The iQiambers, Book o} Days, February 14th account L. Richard Evans By the written for children, Master, by ofa the Hurlbut's $2.50 Story Bible

of S. the L. D. Church. member beau- A Hurlbut Jesse By ofLyman tiful, richly illustrated $1.25. book. $1.25 In the Gospel Net

MODERN MIRACLES God's CovenantBy Dr. JohnRaceA. Widtsoe $2.00

By Jeremiah Stokes By James H. Anderson

A choice collection of faithpromoting inThis Day and Always $1.50

cidents. Here is a book that should be in By Richard L. Evans

every home. $1.50. Highway Helps $2.00

By Ezra Marler D Payment enclosed Send C.O.D.

NameBOOKCRAFT18 Richards Street Address Tel. 4-8961—Salt Lake City 1. Utah

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GQJashington and Lincoln

were so different in many ways To all the common people of the landThey One was well born and of a stately mien: Nothing of beauty, only strength.

He wore his wig and buckled shoes with grace

Fine lace adorned his coat of satin sheen. And yet

A courtly and affluent gentleman

With slaves to do his bidding, fill each need, They were so like in all that makes men great;

Wealth crowned, yet did not spoil him. Here was pride Their highest glory but to serve the state,

Without conceit, acumen without greed. The nation, and the people in their care.

The other came from poor and humble stock, In time of stress, each sought his God in prayer;

No rank of family or estate his share, Each held himself above dishonor's price,

Nor did a kindly Nature deign to grant Each treasured liberty and hated vice,

A comely presence. Rugged, awkward, spare, Each held aloft one banner to the sun

Fitted to represent, to feel the wrongs, "Freedom and Justice"—Lincoln and WashingThe heavy burdens, and division's threat ton.

Gertrude Perry Stanton

—Photograph courtesy E. R. Squibb and Sons

TORTURING

tke AZTECS

Il5u Jjr. tsharlei C. UJi

TTN epic which has captured the

A-V fancy of ancient and modern * -Mexico is the dogged impassiveness of Cuauhtemoc to Spanish torture.

Cuauhtemoc (the Eagle who Descends) succeeded Montezuma as the ruler of the Aztecs. More determined

and defiant in his resistance to the

Spaniards, Cuauhtemoc led his people during the final siege of Mexico City.

After an extended siege, during which the inhabitants were reduced to starvation, the native Indians finally yielded.

Cortez and his henchmen were conYes—the nation's longstanding order for

FelsNaptha Soap is being filled. Cars of this CUAUHTEMOC AND THE RULER OF TLACOPAN

ARE TORTURED badlyneeded, civilian laundry soap are rolling to vinced that Montezuma had revealed all parts of the country. theonlyAzteca fractionempire.of theSubsequentgold wealthsearchof

for the treasure proved futile. In an

You won't have to 'do with something else* effort to force the secret, Cuauhtemoc and a confederate ruler were taken much longer. You won't have to shut your eyes to prisoner. Orozco y Berra describes the

incident "TattleTale Gray."Shirts and sheets and towels tzin,"Cuauhtemoc,ruler of Tlacopan,and Tetlepanquetzalwere subjugated

to torture by burning the hands and will come out of the wash the way they should—feet. The king, with unbreakable constancy, endured the pain without changdazzling white and sweet. ing the serenity of expression. Tetlepanquetzaltzin, about to succumb, sorthe his monarch eyes to turned As so many women have learned during recent rowfully license to though, as beg [Cuauhtemoc]

wartime years—to keep a house and a family toplicatingreveal thethe kingsecretto orrevealas thoughit himself.supCuauhtemoc, fixing his ardent gaze on

really clean, there's nothing like good, mild soap the ruler, crisply said, 'Am I in any delight or bath?'Ashamed, the ruler of

and gentle naptha—FelsNaptha Soap! Tlacopan recovered that stoic indifference with which the valiant were wont

to mock the cruelty of their enemies, and died from the torture. Late for the

glory of Don Hernando (Cortez) the burning irons were taken from the

Aztec emperor, for that act imprinted an ugly blot on the memory of the conFels-Naptha Soap queror, who cannot be defended by saying he could not detain his soldiers, for at more difficult moments he was

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY able to impose his forceful will."

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page

Litak'i Ljolden,et >v/nnweriam

of statehood AddressBy PRESIDENTdelivered at aGEORGEpublic meeting,ALBERTmarking theSMITHfiftieth anniversary of Utah's statehood, held in the

Salt Lake Tabernacle, January 4, 1 946

Nearlygroup ofa homelesshundred travelers,years ago,mem-a bers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, under the leaderworld has ever seen, but he had as his Americans. Children were taught to

ship of Brigham Young, entered the associates some of the best educated pray at their mother's knee and to worSalt Lake valley and camped near this men and women in America. Among ship God, the Father of us all. They

spot. They were the vanguard of apthem were doctors, scientists, statesmen, did not have many luxuries, but by

proximately twenty thousand people educators, lawyers, journalists. They reason of their sturdy characters, they

who had been ruthlessly driven from builded churches, homes, schoolhouses, developed the comforts that would entheir homes in Illinois by socalled and a university. The great temple to rich the lives of their loved ones and

Christians living in a land dedicated to the east of us and the building in which carry civilization forward for the religious liberty. These pilgrims bewe are assembled tonight were the blessing of all those who participated.

lieved the Bible to be the word of God. workmanship of their hands. They were Their success was not an accident.

They knew that their Heavenly Father not seekers after wealth; they were not They were the children of the Lord

lived and had them in his keeping, and satisfied to be hunters and trappers, and lived so that the inspiration of his that the gospel of Jesus Christ was the Their object was to rear families of Spirit gave them understanding. By

only power of God unto eternal salvachildren and develop men and women faith they crossed the wilderness under tion in the celestial kingdom. They beworthy to bear the image of our most difficult circumstances. It was their

lieved that if they sought first the kingHeavenly Father. They cleared the faith that enabled them to perfect irdom of God and his righteousness, all land, made the roads, and bridged the rigation systems which made it possible

other things that were desirable would streams. to develop agriculture in this land. It

be given to them. They believed that the Constitution was by faith that they built the great

When they turned their backs upon of the United States was inspired by temple, the tabernacle, the great organ, their comfortable homes, they braved our Heavenly Father. When they arall accomplished in the midst of their

the wilderness; and under the influence rived in this valley, it was Mexican poverty. When the crickets attacked

of faith and prayer, they traveled fifteen territory; but they raised Old Glory their crops and threatened to bring

hundred miles to the valley of the Great over the land and took possession, destarvation upon the people, their faith

Salt Lake and began creating new places termined that they would be a part of was sufficient to draw unto themselves to live in, cultivating the soil, and laying this great nation. They were associated the blessing of the Lord, and he sent

the foundation of what is now the sovin building the transcontinental railthe seagulls to deliver them from their ereign state of Utah. They were not inroad, as well as local railroads, in buildperil.

ferior people. As a matter of fact, they ing telegraph lines, and in taking adIn an early day, men and women of

were a very choice cross section that had vantage of every forward movement for all faiths and creeds, and people of been gathered from many communities the blessing of mankind, many nationalities found their way into and nations; they possessed intelligence this western land. All who were honthe will appreciate deepthat to succeed know you enabled them where willing to be good were orable and who

I for failed.others have have had I reverence would in my soul They my neighbors welcome, and were made

beenlife—artisansdrawn fromof manya veryof thehighwalksorder,of andown Mother'sforebears,sidewhowereon amongboth Father'sthe first theyand increasingjoined in addingthe abilityto theof populationthe people

farmers, stock raisers, builders, manuto come into this valley. Education was to overcome the obstacles that prefacturers, musicians, scholars, and fostered; the arts and sciences were ensented themselves on every hand. The

above all, real Christians who coopercouraged; and I may sum up by saying Latterday Saints not only encouraged

ated with one another in developing that there was not an uplifting, desirtheir own people to build houses of all that was desirable in a growing abte privilege that could be enjoyed by worship, but they contributed of their community. Not only was their leader the human family that was not sought means and their labor to build the first

one of the greatest pioneers that the after by that royal community of loyal (Concluded on page 126)

'm'U

FEBRUARY 1946 75:.:

YJtfz print below a letter dated December 14, 1945, vv addressed by the First Presidency of the

ChurchDelegation—Senatorsto each memberThomasof the Utahand MurdockCongressionaland

has and Granger Robinson.Congressmen Word euet*it o the First been received Presidency from bynow

both Senators and both Congressmen expressing their approval of and belief in the sentiments, reasons, and conclusions set forth in the letter. The

letter follows

'ress reports have for some months indicated that a determined effort is in making to establish in this country a compulsory universal military training designed to draw into military training and service the entire youth of the nation. We had hoped

that mature reflection might lead the proponents of such a policy to abandon it. We have

felt and still feel that such a policy would carry with it the gravest dangers to our Republic.

It now appears that the proponents of the policy have persuaded the Administration to adopt it, in what on its face is a modified form. We deeply regret this, because we dislike to

find ourselves under the necessity of opposing any policy so sponsored. However, we are so

persuaded of the rightfulness of our position, and we regard the policy so threatening to the true purposes for which this Government was set up, as set forth in the great Preamble to the

Constitution, that we are constrained respectfully to invite your attention to the following considerations 1. By taking our sons at the most impressionable age of their adolescence and putting

them into army camps under rigorous military discipline, we shall seriously endanger their initiative thereby impairing one of the essential elements of American citizenship. While on

its face the suggested plan might not seem to visualize the army camp training, yet there seems little doubt that our military leaders contemplate such a period, with similar recurring periods after the boys are placed in the reserves.

2. By taking our boys from their homes, we shall deprive them of parental guidance and

control at this important period of their youth, and there is no substitute for the care and love of a mother for a young son.

3 We shall take them out of school and suffer their minds to be directed in other channels, so that very many of them after leaving the army, will never return to finish their schooling, thus over a few years materially reducing the literacy of the whole nation.

4. We shall give opportunity to teach our sons not only the way to kill but also, in too

many cases, the desire to kill, thereby increasing lawlessness and disorder to the consequent upsetting of the stability of our national society. God said at Sinai, "Thou shalt not kill."

5. We shall take them from the refining, ennobling, characterbuilding atmosphere of

the home, and place them under a drastic discipline in an environment that is hostile to most of the finer and nobler things of home and of life.

6. We shall make our sons the victims of systematized allurements to gamble, to drink,

to smoke, to swear, to associate with lewd women, to be selfish, idle, irresponsible save under restraint of force, to be common, coarse, and vulgar,—all contrary to and destructive of the

American home.

7. We shall deprive our sons of any adequate religious training and activity during

their training years, for the religious element of army life is both inadequate and ineffective.

8. We shall put them where they may be indoctrinated with a wholly unAmerican

view of the aims and purposes of their individual lives, and of the life of the whole people and nation, which are founded on the ways of peace, whereas they will be taught to believe in the ways of war.

9. We shall take them away from all participation in the means and measures of production to the economic loss of the whole nation.

10. We shall lay them open to wholly erroneous ideas of their duties to themselves, to

their family, and to society in the matter of independence, selfsufficiency, individual initiative, and what we have come to call American manhood.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONCERNING MILITARY TRAINING

11. We shall subject them to encouragement in a belief that they can always live off

the labors of others through the government or otherwise.

12. We shall make possible their building into a military caste which from all human

experience bodes ill for that equality and unity which must always characterize the citizenry of a republic.

13. By creating an immense standing army, we shall create to our liberties and free

institutions a threat foreseen and condemned by the founders of the Republic, and by the people of this country from that time till now. Great standing armies have always been the

tools of ambitious dictators to the destruction of freedom.

14. By the creation of a great war machine, we shall invite and tempt the waging of

war against foreign countries, upon little or no provocation; for the possession of great military power always breeds thirst for domination, for empire, and for a rule by might not right.

15. By building a huge armed establishment, we shall belie our protestations of peace

and peaceful intent and force other nations to a like course of militarism, so placing upon the peoples of the earth crushing burdens of taxation that with their present tax load will hardly be bearable, and that will gravely threaten our social, economic, and governmental systems. 16. We shall make of the whole earth one great military camp whose separate armies,

headed by warminded officers, will never rest till they are at one another's throats in what will be the most terrible contest the world has ever seen.

17. All the advantages for the protection of the country offered by a standing army

may be obtained by the National Guard system which has proved so effective in the past and which is unattended by the evils of entire mobilization.

Responsive to the ancient wisdom, "Train up a child in the way he should go: and when

he is old, he will not depart from it,"obedient to the divine message that heralded the birth of Jesus the Christ, the Savior and Redeemer of the world, "... on earth peace, good will

toward men,"and knowing that our Constitution and the Government set up under it were inspired of God and should be preserved to the blessing not only of our own citizenry but, as an example, to the blessing of all the world, we have the honor respectfully to urge that you do your utmost to defeat any plan designed to bring about the compulsory military service of our citizenry. Should it be urged that our complete armament is necessary for our

safety, it may be confidently replied that a proper foreign policy, implemented by. an effective diplomacy, can avert the dangers that are feared. What this country needs and what

the world needs, is a will for peace, not war. God will help our efforts to bring this about.

Respectfully submitted,

/Sw<c>% The First Presidency

FEBRUARY 1946 77

PRINCIPLES OF PEACE

m tL POSTWAR PERIOD

By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

The recent struggle for freedom and the birth of Christ—"Glory to God in

the principles heralded at the birth of the Highest."

Christ bring to our attention three It augurs ill for the future that men's fundamental ideals, or principles, the hearts all too generally are turned from application of which is indispensable and not toward God. Selfinterest, not

to the peace and happiness of the huGod's glorification, is the motivating man family. Concisely stated they are factor in most people's lives. Irreverfirst, the recognition of the constant ence is all too manifest. The Lord's

operation of universal law; second, the name is frequently "taken in vain,"and

acceptance of the existence of a Divine profanity, particularly here in the

Intelligence; third, good will and brothUnited States, pollutes the air. The

erhood. possibility "that man may fall from

grace and depart from the living God"

A Moral Force Working in the has become a sad reality. Peace deUniverse mands more godliness, more selfdis-

cipline, more power to say with Jesus, "Pssential to a permanent, lasting "Father,... not my will, but thine be

* peace, either in the individual or done."(Luke 22:42.)

the nation, is a recognition of the existPertinently writes Charles A. Dinsence of everoperating laws in the unimore:

verse. As stated by George WashingPRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY ton: God and the unseen world are not merely

of in exobjects surmise. them know We

There is no truth more thoroughly estabIt faith that the perience. of sees is the eye

in exists there than the economy horizon, the color gleam. and the and broad a lished the angel with there was And suddenly

indissoluble nature, union of course an experience standing Religion, on the known praising God, host of the heavenlymultitude happiness; between virtue between and glorious race, bold one the and of makes saying.and

the genuine between advantage; and duty this affirmation. asserts that Power She on earth in the highest, and Glory to God of honest and magnanimous an maxims truth, for for for beauty, that goodmakes will men. towardpeace, good public the policy rewards sordid of and less leap personal than is not This ness we. 2:1314.) (Luke to since policy; prosperity ought and we is justified faith cannot of be because God

be no less persuaded that the propitious less than the greatest of his works; the

rules external the that disregards a nation call personal, heralded we have praise God of therefore, we songsThusBethlehemat the birth of the Babe of smiles of heaven can never be expected on cause must be adequate to the effect. When,

itself right of heaven which order and the loftiest has interpreted symbol we him by this year of era; in the Christian

ordained. infinitely canmore; he have. be may He ushered bursting bombs 1945, Lord,our

spirit, less. call a be we God we When before never as age. thein atomic In other words, as expressed by one not Now the lens the clearest to at look use have we between choice the faceshumanity inspired: infinite.

of principles triumph the throughpeace in is decreed law, irrevocably a There It is that to a deeply regretted through be destruction of possibility theor this world, of the foundations before heaven Allied of the representatives of group energy. of atomicthe misuse predicated all are blessings which upon to in conference assembled cannon, Nations firebelching of booming The God, from obtain any blessing when And we

the marching of a hundred million solit is by obedience to that law upon which it draft a constitution for the prevention diers intent on killing their fellow men is predicated. (D. & C. 130:2021.) of war, and the establishing of peaceful

have practically ceased, but peace on international relations, recently, by a earth is not achieved. Political, ecoHitler's ignominious failure in his majority vote of those present, rejected

nomic, and social problems are still undefiance of Christ, and the Ten Comthe proposition to insert the name of solved. Strife in the world is rampant. mandments, which he called "The Deity. The reason for the rejection, as

Indonesia, Palestine, India, and other Curse of Sinai,"is but another verificagiven by the New York Times, was that countries are torn with dissension. tion of the fact that neither individuals "it is not a question of incorporating

China is suffering as the result of civil nor nations can with impunity sin noble and beautiful thoughts, but of war. In our own United States too against moral law. Retribution follows drafting a constitution acceptable to all

many wheels of industry are silent bethe violation of it as inevitably as compeoples of the world."As long as God

cause of mistrust and misunderstanding pensation follows compliance thereto. is only "a noble and beautiful thought,"

between labor and capital. Millions in Though it appears that only force rules and not a reality in the minds and hearts

Europe are homeless and more millions the world today, eventually righteousof men, their efforts will come to naught without sufficient clothing, bedding, ness will triumph. who strive to avert war and to estaband fuel to meet the rigors of winter. lish peace.

Manifestly, though the signing of the A Unifying Ideal "A civilization declining all contact terms of surrender ended armed conflict, with a supernatural life,"writes it still left unsolved the heralded mes- A nother essential to peace and spirRudolph Eucken, "and refusing to essage "and on earth peace."It is evident ""itual progress, particularly among tablish those mysterious inner relations,

that nations must seek some other nations, is the acceptance of a unifying gradually degenerates into a mere means than war if they would save ideal. The surest, safest foundation for human civilization, and becomes a parthemselves from want and destruction. such is the first principle proclaimed at ody of civilization."

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered oyer the Columbia "Church of the Air"nationwide broadcast Sunday, December 23, 1945.

-J4 Jlimelu e55aaef

There is much talk about a new world disprove his existence. Then why do greed, let us first eliminate these eneorder, and most surely this warshat- Christian nations who accept him as a mies of peace from our own lives, from

tered world needs it. Now as never reality hesitate to acknowledge him our own homes, our own neighborbefore there is a demand for leadership and to appeal to him for guidance in hoods; then, men, "seeing our good

of an outstanding nation, which, as a their efforts to save humanity from anworks,"will supplant their suspicion

Moses, will lead the selfish, stubborn other devastating, perhaps exterminatwith confidence. Deceit, chicanery, and

nations to the promised land—a nation ing war? fraud in ordinary business affairs are

brave enough and sufficiently inspired breeders of distrust, destroyers of to hold aloft the light that will be a Good Will and Brotherhood brotherliness and good will. For exsafe, unfailing beacon to men who ample, the mechanic or garage emstumble along in the fog and darkness HPhe third fundamental principle menployee who exploits the stranger or

of political, economic, and social per- A tioned is "good will among men."passing tourist, the hotel guest who

plexities. One thing recent events have Good will is an individual attribute, defaces costly furniture with lighted

surely proved—we cannot safely trust and persons who would promote it cigarets, the merchant who makes exto gangsters who, as stated in the book should realize that it manifests itself cessive profit when opportunity presof Job, "... conceive mischief, and only toward those who prove thements itself; the clerk in a store or bank

bring forth vanity, and their belly preselves trustworthy. Instead of conor railway station who cunningly gives

pareth deceit."(Job 15:35.) demning too vehemently international out short change—any one who in daily

No nation, reject God as it may, can and group suspicions, enmities, and intercourse seeks to take advantage of another is an enemy of good will and peace. "First, then,"as Charles Wagner

advises, "be of your own country, your own city, your own home, your own church, your own workshop; then, if

you can, set out from this to go beyond it. That is the plain and natural order,

and a man must fortify himself with very bad reasons to arrive at reversing it."The spirit of brotherhood prompts service, not conquest; cooperation, not

exploitation; it involves fair dealing, not

fraud and chicanery. It increases in man

a greater appreciation of Christ's value of the individual soul. In short, it makes

for a better world; and that, in essence,

is the ideal for which your son and a hundred thousand other sons have given their lives in the recent World War.

From their silent graves, now dotting many parts of the globe, comes the demand that we, as they, give our all to continue the struggle for the triumph of principles; that we continue to hold

aloft the banner of Freedom and Righteousness for which they died. Writes

Alfred Noyes:

There's but one gift that all our dead desire.

One gift that men can give, and that's a dream.

Unless we, too, can burn with that same fire

Of sacrifice; die to the things that seem;

Die to the little hatreds; die to greed;

Die to the old ignoble selves we knew;

Die to the base contempts of sect and creed,

And rise again, like those, with souls as true.

Nay (since these died before their task was finished) Attempt new heights, bring even their dreams to birth, Build us that better world, oh, not diminished

By one true splendor that they planned on earth.

And that's not done by sword or tongue or pen.

There's but one way. God make us better

men. "CHRIST ON GALILEE"Photograph from a /. T. Harwood painting {Concluded on page 90)

FEBRUARY 1946 79

"Ok, WHAT SHALL THE HARVEST BE? //

B,u re fawin \J. Mshton,

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

is probably correctly observed that

IT one of the biggest and yet the saddest crops in America is the "spoiled child."You can see at a glance at the illustration who "rules the roost"in this home. Yes, he holds the scepter in thou- -Illustrated by J. A. Bywatcr

sands of American homes. Yes, you'd

like five minutes alone to handle this treatment that will jar this creature into was not too good a penman. The bishselfish little piece of humanity. May I consistency. op announced the hymn would be

the it always is not that here intendedobserve Sow.""Sweat and The

the child Mothers by who raise of but mother, father his and fault of should the book was, and "Sweet Low."boy Atitle if sufficiently vexed, Can, his in all life making a take that handothers taught is not be and "Sweet who results the applying Hasten book by

bed too much one of roses. Someone As well as applying the text. Low"but "Sweat and Sow,"and that

has said, "The reason there are so many he should have his share of such a prospoiled children in America is that A child who never feels, will never gram.

you can't spank grandmothers."I say be a leader. A child who has not been If you, Mr. Dad, give him all the

you'd like to handle this fellow. What taught to make some sacrifice, will spending money he needs without any

resentment flashes through your mind? never know what others suffer. He effort on his part, he won't do any

You recall the comments of some wise should be taught to think of others sweating. A friend of mine went out in

old owl who said, "There's nothing in while he is in the "gristle stage,"before the country for berries. The fruitgrowlife more important than a slap on the his bones get set. er whom he called upon, said he had

back, but it should be administered plenty of berries but no one to pick young enough, often enough, and low HPhere is a story of a stranger seeing them. A lad, about twelve years old,

enough.""We are God's children but a child of six carrying a buxom heard the conversation. Said my friend

not his darlings."I am not too much a cornfed child of two. The tourist was to the boy, "Would you like to earn a

convert to corporal punishment, but you concerned over the weight of the load little money picking fruit?"The answer

certainly see some sad pictures where being carried and the size of the little came: "No, sir, Dad gives me seven

an occasional application has been creature doing the carrying. She obdollars a week spending money, and

neglected. served, "Isn't that a heavy load for you that's all I need. I don't want to pick

In a year or two this piece of parentto carry?"Then came the cheerful reberries."

made selfish anatomy will be taken to ply, "No, he isn't heavy; he's my brothThe other night I called to a son of

school. If the mother hasn't repented er."Now, that child was taught in the my neighbor, "Bill, how would you like

of her indulgence, she will take her offhome to "bear ye one another's burto work for me a couple of hours?"I

spring by the hand, offer him gently to dens."didn't have to wait a second for the

the teacher in charge, with instructions Teach your children from the start answer. "Nope."

like this: "Wilbur has been brought up to share with others. That's what "Why?"said I. He came back at

rather sensitively. Miss Smith, spank makes character. That's what makes me, "Dad gave me a dollar."

the boy next to Wilbur—let him see people delightsome. Some years ago, I

you do it; it will do him good."believe it was in London, a "Sympathy TVoes your son stand on his own feet?

But what this child needs really is not School"was established, a school to In your home, dear Dad and Mothany punishment vicariously-—not by reteach youth sympathy for others. To er, do all the footprints of kindness

mote control, but by direct application. bring these lessons vividly home to the show in one direction—from you to

I am not an advocate of bodily punishstudent, sometimes one leg was tied up your boy or girl? See to it that the footment, and I will go further and say that for the greater part of the day so the prints of kindness show from them to

probably the best citizen never had a pupil would know how it felt to be you.

hand laid on him. Correction has come lame. One day a bandage was tied over Lincoln at ten was so schooled in symin some other way. But when selfishhis eyes so he would know what it pathy and devotion for others that at

ness has been developed in some chilmeant to be blind. this age, a year after the passing away

dren whom you see about you, your One night a bishop was announcing of his darling mother, he arranged for impulses seem to cry aloud for some the songs to be sung. The choir leader ( Continued on page 1 24

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Relationship of Nutrition

TO Dental <=Jjt'ecau and f-uormormea f

S. MILLER, D.D.S.Forthata peopleslong timelivingit hasunderbeenprimitiveknown By CARLYLE

conditions have, in general, excelMEMBER, AMERICAN ACADEMY OF lent teeth. It is also common knowlAPPLIED NUTRITION

edge that most civilized populations possess wretched teeth, which begin to decay almost as soon as they are needed one or more teeth filled or exof the people can be made immune to erupted completely. Doctor Weston A. tracted. Many of these children, yet too dental caries by taking sugar and white

Price made extensive travels throughyoung to enter school, had to have flour out of the diet. The other fifteen

out the world to find what primitive every erupted tooth in their mouths percent need to have other nutritional, people and others with good teeth did extracted because rampant decay had emotional, and endocrine corrections in that was different from the people with advanced beyond control. The loss of addition. The proper approach for the

poor teeth. His findings were to the teeth early in life is the rule rather than control of dental caries, however, is

effect that dental decay and most other the exception. This most certainly is a not to decrease sugar and refined grain

condition deplorable realize alone, restdegenerative diseases in direct the but when the of to improve were we 1 that until recently people the differences. nutritional health Hawaiianconnection with have must optimum diet. To we

Recently, I had occasion to observe had among the best teeth to be found not only refrain from taking into our in Hawaii many of the same degeneraany place on the earth. Even now, in bodies harmful substances, but we must

tive conditions due to dietary changes locations where the people live more also supply our bodies with the neceswhich were observed by Dr. Price. primitively, the dental picture is greatly sary food elements, in proper ratio, one

From the contacts made there, I was improved. to another.

able to make some valuable observaIt is not difficult to see what has haptions and receive much cooperation in pened. They have drifted too far from '"Phe three principle causes of perioare: faulty dontoclasia fish (pyorrhea) fruit diet. native poi and andresearch in the field of dental caries and their

occlusion, traumatic rice, nutrition, ana these, In place of eat they polishedperiodontitis. Through the cooperation

of Dr. Nils P. Larson, of the Queen's macaroni, cereals, white flour bread, emotional disturbances. These three

Hospital at Honolulu, and Dr. Roy sugar, and cola drinks. Here on the causes must receive proper treatment,

Sticher, of Kahalui, Maui, it was posmainland we, too, have gone modern for the results of the disease may be sible to make a survey which showed and are doing too much of the same destroyed bone, tumor growth, or other that ninetyseven percent of the prething as the people of Hawaii. serious conditions. We must always

school children on the island of Maui It has become an accepted fact that (Concluded on page 118) caries or decay can be prevented. Nutrition and Physical Degeneration, by Weston dental

PriceA. It is estimated that eightyfive percent neglecting2Imperfectto jawreplaceformation,teeth thatthe areresultlost.of heredity or

According to a survey made by Dr. Michael Walsh the following dietary deficiencies occur.

(White figures indicate deficiencies.)

6 OUT lO DEFICIENT IN VITAMIN "A* INTAKE a OUT OF 10 DEFICIENT IN VITAMIN C INTAKE

OUT 10 DEFICIENT IN VITAMIN 8 INTAKE 9 OUT 10 DEFICIENT IN VITAMIN D INTAKE B*9

(7 out of 10 defitake.) CALCIUM 1 Qjlllili cient in calcium in-

(7 out of 10 defiJlfQQfiOSRl) ttflffttff Stiff Snta h0n,SKGiiftiii4 OUT OF IO DEFICIENT IN VITAMIN Bx,<G;iNTAKf Phosphorus

(8 out defiof ten in iron CALORIES 11I1IJJHI ajVJSilergy food.) cient iron I IBS 88,8 8 88 take.) in-

M&Z&NS TlHTlTTTTTrTHHr SLffiyJMt IODINE I 888883888 2.A2t\

'-Adapted from charts bg American Foundation for Dental Science by John Henry Evans. Jr.

FEBRUARY 1946 81 nn COMES TO JOHNNY By MARY EK KNOWLES

J,ohnny Adams watched his and buried his face in the hands he had "She doesn't really want to go,"Johnwife as she slept in the other twin bed. grown to hate. ny thought. "But she's going because

She looked very young, and he felt a "Johnny!"As from a great distance she feels it's her duty."

great surge of protectiveness. he heard Barbara's voice calling him.

differhis will this took his face be hands morning from away He "Maybe

I her standing before desperately. ent,"him. and thought saw he "When He ing when theyIt wasarrivedearlyattheMartinsville.next morn-

I'll nice turned mirror, to the the in and see the walked look window.

of the platform stood on wooden They felt her his arm. the friendly of face hand on He way "What Johnny Adams

out. train the station pulled the as it, is Tell it Johnny? me!"to war. before looked he went away

think should have "Don't you we tell Tell I'll couldn't in the eyes anyone. to myself look be able No her—he uncle your coming?"wired were we killed, to that argue flinching."he begood had without

anxiously. The spring rain beat against the cause that was war—kill or be killed. Barbara asked

apartment window, and from far beEven at the hospital he had not been "Oh, we'll be welcome; don't worry

low came the sounds of a great city able to talk about it. He had kept away about that."Johnny was remembering

rousing from sleep. from mirrors, shaved himself with an the other time he'd been here. Uncle

Barbara opened her eyes and smiled electric razor. He had thought that Mack had met them with the horse and

an almost hesitant smile. She got up when he was home the awful nightmare buggy, and he'd let him hold the reins

and came over to him, sat on the side of would go away. driving back. The picture of that small the bed. But it hadn't. He'd been home a week boy was very clear—especially his

It face! clean. freckled and And still was he rid himself not could now, and "Morning, Johnny."the the that held had hands feeling the of that he had destroyed reins—they in his arms, kid.""Hi, her took He hands. nice been he Again remembered life. that Tears not would shed."be

.. whispered, dear she and "Johnny, feeling in his of mirror, face a the and his in throat. that burned prayed He his her, then seeing held he momentA him. hopelessness over swept his to something happen cure would sweat. into cold a hands he broke Those mind. to the road turned and followed They killed. her so released hands had He

left. one, the they and no saw They if it that as he almost had suddenly was

It after silence. in they had walked was the looked out window. her.pushed H,.e the the turned bridge crossed and wide in buildings shut stone him on Cold quickly put Barbara jumped and up in that in road, the bend saw Johnny see side, he could and every nowhere "I'll start breakfast."her housecoat.on in the tree distance apple bloom. an if city It thing. the as a growing was at him. not did lookShe shield a time to put up There no was in gray wet, dead, a were wrapped

his eyes. closed It its Wearily Johnny there against simply beauty. was could he shroud. he Suddenly knew

kitchenette. the fromSounds came in his the eyes, sunshimmering before A city. in the stay longer wanted no He running, opening, water doorcupboard shine, delicate pink white blossoms and feel earth beneath to could he where go

floor. clatterthe of the a on spoon tension sky. the against blue awful An feet, trees blue his flowers and see and

Homely sounds, but sane. After a sky. within Johnny Adams snapped, and

his in the back came warmthmoment surface. the tears to long rushed unshed rehis if in he to prayer answer As

his eyes lookedbody. opened and battlethe He he on Trees had in his seen—trees farm Uncle Mack's membered

beautifully furnishedabout room. the field into grotortured and blackened there Martinsville. not been had He everything in the he'dThis first wanted this tree was the tesque shapes. But was child, the peace but since a he was now

tolong he'd been months away war—he'd since from seen back he had come its him, to vast of acres and back came

this and Barbara. the feeling that he should go there was war, and its exquisite loveliness cut him

as soundlessly cried quick. the imagination!"He and my crazy "Me that not be denied. to strong He so it would

'the road. along he walked himself. Everything's at goinglaughed Barbara."going "I'm away, tree, Barbara said. Johnny!""That right."to but got out of bed, be all He

he did not look at himself in the mirror. "Going away! Where?""Isn't it beautiful! Oh, Johnny, it's

"Martinsville. My uncle has a farm spring—spring."

there. here and today pretense We a stopped. made Johnny He baththe out of came JQe there be tomorrow—can leave by the of with and bags changing hands with dark hair his whistling,room just a signed his his with tears "But we've eyes from Johnny, the wiped dressthe at sitting Barbarawater. was straightened lease—sleeve. he coat up When table.ing apartgive the to "I him. standing again, before don't up Barbara was mean

asked. he ready?""Breakfast can't underBarbara. But ment, you at him. be "This can looked up She this plant I'd ride out to the"Thought get got to from stand—I've away for beginning Someus, Johnny. here!"a new

morning.""But your job at the plant!"thing's been wrong between us since you

up, got She "All ready, Johnny."can't quite there once, back. and what name been came The I—I plant—he'd as if she hadsmiling. were red Her eyes if just it is."trembled. roar of batlike the "But the noise Her lips had been

been crying. "Now that's the way a tle. once you'd take me in your arms and

first in the thing look shouldhusband tell there yet, Barbara. can't "I no back you go me that love me—there's has face said. she "Yourmorning,"solve. to don't Please, Johnny go with But have me. You problem you we can't

tt look, fresh, Johnscrubbed here."stay cansuchtt a nice,

ny. "Don't you want me to be with you, Johnny let the bags drop, and the de-

"Does it really, Barbara?"There Johnny?"she asked in a small voice. sire to take her in his arms was almost

was tight eagerness in his voice. He He wanted her with him, yet what irresistible. And then it was as if an

turned slowly towards the vanity and right had he to take her on a wild goose icy hand closed around his heart. Until

looked in the mirror. And he saw a chase. "That's up to you, Barbara."he had rid his mind of its terrible obsesdistorted face, strange to him. He Barbara's face went pale. "But of sion he had no right to her. Better that

was filled with loathing for himself. He course I want to go. It was just sudden, she forget him.

turned sharply away from the mirror that's all."He let his hands drop hopelessly to

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Johnny turned his head and saw a—wasn't a weed on the whole place

stooped, whitehaired man walking tothen, and the fences were stout and wards him from the back of the house. strong. Every tree in the orchard was

"Trying to destroy the last tree I've in bloom then. Why, in summer the

got left on the place. Destructive nobranches were so heavy with fruit weADAMS goods, dumping their garbage on my had to prop them up. And the house

land, carting off my fences for fireremember, Johnny, how we kept it paint. Great white with slicked up bags. wood—"the his sides, picked bent and up

..."it to be. used showplace "Uncle Mack!"Johnny called, and it her seemed head, and Barbara bowed

an age that he looked down at her. walked towards the old man. And now the grandeur was dead,

could be But it Dead. thought. The old man looked wonderingly at Johnny she raised her head, there was When

fast. beat live again. His heart made to Johnny. sign of tears. no

dehelped he his had hands Uncle me, two With "Don't you remember farther Olde much to Ye "How he life, his hands with but two stroy in bitterness her Mack?"Homestead?"The

to life. vast back farm the the bring could and dawned, Slowly recognition cut him. voice

"Straight ahead. That apple tree is hard blue eyes softened. "You're Amy's "It could look like that again, Uncle

on Uncle Mack's place. See the big boy, Johnny, aren't you?"Mack,"he said. "I'm young and strong. twostory house? This strip along the "Yes, sir. Somehow—I had to come I could stay here and work—

road is part of his land, too. I rememback here. This is my wife, Barbara.""Oh, Johnny, you wouldn't!"Barber there was a green meadow, and a "Pleased to know you, miss."Uncle bara exclaimed. "Surely, now you've

for pond, and cows grazing, and—"He Mack shook hands, and then looked seen—why, there's nothing here stopped. Where was the meadow now, slowly around him, and there was sadyou! It—

and the cows? Now the pond was a ness in his eyes. "Things have changed "I've got to stay,"Johnny told her.

pool of rank, slimy water. He walked some since you were here, Johnny."Barbara walked to the house.

a few steps more. The fences were "What's happened, Uncle Mack?""She's right, son,"Uncle Mack said.

broken down, and on the land were piles Barbara asked. "If you want to go into farming, buy

I the Olson farm, or the Sharp place. of rubbish! "Oh—let's just say the place and

are dying together. My boys are all This place is dead."

here. I to work line. want Can't last "That's the of I'm dead, why and my wrong. The was Oomething I with to see! want my work Can't love for you money. help nor me get And him. struck the quiet place of unnatural life."it to I to bring back as hands, used spry as and quite well, not I'm should be men This was you, spring—there haven't all war, to at been that wasn't "You've laugh be."a gave He fields. see could in the But he working all of kindly. said "And he Johnny?"funny,

step. his one. quickened no He you so bad it's deep hurt you down thin, at Mack's Uncle looked Johnny to to run keep almost had Barbara it."talk about can't even remembered how and body, stooped is this the him. sure with you "Are up if he because not answer did Johnny been. had he quick strong and the It See, place? looks abandoned. held back all tears he had the did, off it too, being "It bad, me makes all broken!"in the are house windows torrent. in mighty one have come would I am. bunch the the road main way A just the seeing than more was Johnny understandingly. nodded Uncle Mack fire the started trailer in of a nogoods the front sagged, windows. porch The It's always son. too, there, "I've been Halloween grove. that One burned my the unpainted, buildings farm were soul of a after war. a the The same to went hoodlums of young bunch a in. trees to roofs grove of caved The pur- a there sick. was gets Maybe man windows. on work my right the the of blackened house was 123) page (Contirmed on the seen couldn't have "Sorry you fire. if as gate the great some by On

was a sign. He stopped and read it. place the way it used to be, Barbara. It

Keep out. Trespassers will be prosewas beautiful. You remember, Johnny

cuted.

Johnny closed his eyes, and disappointment was a heavy stone within him. He had been so sure this was the

answer to his prayer.

"There's no one living here,"he heard Barbara say.

Johnny opened his eyes again. Everywhere over the vast fields were weeds.

All of the trees in the big orchard were dead except for the apple tree. It alone

stood there, proclaiming once again that spring had come.

It seemed to Johnny that even as he watched he could see the weeds creeping closer and closer to the apple tree, and soon even it would die. He would

go away, but first there was something he must do. He opened the gate and

walked towards the tree.

"Wait, Johnny, I'll go with you!"

He did not answer. He reached the

tree and pulled weeds until he had cleared a wide space. Then he straightened up, and pulled down a branch

smelled the blossoms.

"You leave that tree alone!"an

angry voice bellowed.

JOHNNY LET THE BAGS DROP AND THE

DESIRE TO TAKE HER IN HIS ARMS WAS

ALMOST IRRESISTIBLE, AND THEN IT WAS

AS IF AN ICY HAND CLOSED AROUND HIS

HEART.

FEBRUARY 1946 83 George Washington

Af Spiritual an }p By WENDELL J. ASHTON

GENERAL SECRETARY, DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION

TheWashingtontall, gauntloomedfigure upof Georgein the beenGeorgeextolledWilliamas a soldier,Washingtonesteemedhasas torchlight. He stood over a fresh an executive, and admired as a farmer.

mound of dirt in a small clearing in He was a man's man. As a youth he

the wooded wilderness not far from liked the smell of buckskin. He enjoyed

Fort Duquesne. Colonel Washington the turkey hunt and fishing. With his

was only twentythree. He was weak massive hands he liked to grip the reins

from the fatigue of battle, and his coat and push his size thirteen boots into the was riddled with four bullet holes. Two stirrups astride a good horse. He alin out the crowd. stood ways shot him. underhorses from had been dictated to to enabled him him and side, too. another the that had Washington George Washington knew assert maintain and the independence spiritual faith sank man. His Indians, a danHe were French wasenemy, and the of country."

incline mystic deep. the did not to close. that theygerously were He knew He is It said as that boy, a Washington his ritualistic religion in or of the the for his thatthirsty blood. knew He his in to wrote notebook: keep "Labor solid, little day, abiding knowlhe but a of to had the hehundreds which army

little alive in that breast your spark of lives over that presides edge and lay motionlessbelonged, a behind God on fire, celestial well Conscience."How affairs trail. the of men.crimsonstreaked

that engraved thought Washington there, the colonel stood But young his later attested heart years upon was Saints, Latterday Washington the beforestooped, dawn, HPo prayed and jurist the Marshall, eminent by John and... the remains over the of prayed spiritual a than even man. more was first friend presithe neighbor of and officer refused to inspired. hadcommanding President who Brigham was He As dent, wrote: ever has man who "No his fighting in Indian advicetake tacin in said the old once Young bowery the theater of action appeared on whosetics, "... It General Salt that Braddock. City: Edward Lake was God."

.. integrity incorruptible. more was

When George Washington was about twenty, he penned off a little

Sacrifice, still preserved thoughts r.v cos (, a i:ss Jr inbooklet,his ownDailyhandwriting. The

contained therein may not be original, '(ikimuttM0Mtdi%Himx but one prayer begins: "Let me live

according to the holy rules which thou hast this day prescribed in thy holy word...."

As a youth, while living with his half brother, he attended church at Pope's

Creek, and he later helped supervise the building of several chapels in the vicinity of Mount Vernon. He was an active

layman in his church.

Winthrop, the historian, points to an interesting tradition which says that at the first Continental Congress in

Carpenter's Hall in Philadelphia, during the prayers, "While most of the other members were standing, Washington was kneeling."

We have Washington to thank for instituting the system of chaplains in the United States army because it was in response to his appeal that the Continental Congress provided for these special officers.

The general, during one of the Revolutionary campaigns, also issued this

Photograph order:

by of that from Being whose name The

H. Armstrong bountiful permitted to exgoodness we are

Roberts ist, is unceasingly and imprecated profaned in a manner as wanton as it is shocking. For

the sake, therefore, of decency and order, (Concluded on page 127)

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &#3*THE OLD PETER'S CABIN COW

(As told to S. Dilworth Young, of the

First Council of the Seventy, by

James M. Smith, president of

St. Joseph Stake)

Illustrated by John Henry Evans, ]r.

and Bob Martin were riding range up here one day when they jumped this heifer maver- a was The flat That's half mile back. a about been never had know, you ick—twoyear-old. flat. Peter's the cabin a on There was trailin'little dog a branded. had They

it clearing. put the edge of Couldn't high ledge a sat on on Mt. it sure that made dog and them, with

in bein'the out open, the too ground Smith and Graham, I. The Jim off at a heifer she as for that went hotWE it springy, so put and Peter on boggy the evening mountain sun bathed heading timber, the through high lope

clearin'the of the out a dug edge and in satisfying a valley belowand the followed flat. and Pete for Peter's Bob

his only hole water. for was The cow glow. very were warmingand horses, and the fast, spurring We along

prettiest then, the a twoyear-old and the legs dangling overcomfortable, our branches. They limbs and dodging

heifer pretthe ever saw. She you had cliff, against of the backs an ouredge yellin'whoopin'ropes, their and loosed

tiest tassled ears. could never boys The log. pineold yellow right her on spurrin'. was dog and The her. bring to themselves earmark heifer lies pointed. nippin'. Grant,"he yelpin* Fort "Yonder heels The and Christensen, brother, half "Pete my her 'throwin'valin Springs the fast Sulphur below goin'she soFar was got

ley the buildings were etched against heels.'She was really movin'through

the yellow plain like toys pinned on an the timber.

cloth. stretchedamber The valley skairt heifer badly by the was "The into COTTONWOODS distance.the infinite hoped that I had despergetting this time and by dog

Jim would tell of the old Indian masBy Grace Zenor Pratt ate. There across the flat was old

hissacres but near Grant, mind open. the wide door with cabin Peter's

the yonder ever seen alamos by TLTave you not on on cows waswas clearing, throwing the FortIndians—it across loped She * * river the cattle.and the into dashed at and jump, every mud bird calls; the In the wild springtime when in greatest the range "That's cow dog. the escape to cabin

soft elusive the of changeful haze When his throughArizona,"hand and swept open, their the into burst men "The April, distance, as as far "grass a in thetook in floundered hit the and horses bog silver o'er the curtain landscape A 'tanks'scatwander. Watercow can bellies. Pete their to falls? the plumb mud

right, justtered mountain and this ran side light right and up to for Cool cottonwoods, a green and shady welmanaged "quizzically, "only he smiledsummer—cabin to the could over as fast as he come

the cows don't come up here any more. Beside a lonelv and neglected corral gate; and slammed the door shut."

of the hundreds dayI remember when against stark cottonwoods, Bare a wintry only the "That's laughed. Smith Jim right to the used to grazewild cows skyline that I of a cowboy heard ever time this oftop mountain. had enough They

tall, sentinels, hours Like gaunt when foot a without on caught a mavericksense before they to back come down late? grow after too, cow, rope. a good was She in, too. can'tgot snowed you Now

scare up a fresh cow track anywhere. Gnarled cottonwoods along the tortuous that. Peter's cabin seemed to be a good

Those W.P.A. cows of mine just won't river's winding, influence, for she became the gentlest

climb up here even for this mountainBright leaves aquiver in the summer's sun; cow on the range. I've had nine calves

top grass."Shadowy along each silent street and roadfrom her.

"It must have been a job to round 'em way, "It's things like that which make the up on this range,"I hazarded, rememWhen the long and weary hours of day cow business the greatest in the world."

bering the cliffs, the rocks, the deep are done? He lapsed into silence. I agreed with

I look come as a faraway watched him timber. thecanyons, down graygreen pale cottonwoods, and Brave for long time eyes. sat a his into We "It confirmed, the "but was,"he silver, green into valley the setting turned sun as the get thehorses over rough knew how springof the rose a capricious Against blue, purthen to to then deep yellow,

fast too. certainlycountry, a had sky; time toWe Graham. ple, descended Mt. as on dusk old the in experisadjob all glorified autumn's cottonwoods, Proud by days—some

ences, some funny. Say! Did I ever splendor, Jim came out of his reverie. "Guess

tell better be cabin movin'. It's time we we'd the old Peter's about you are the first to bless Loved

grazin', ourselves."were right on It happenedcow? No? last alamos—youto die—that The

FEBRUARY 1946 85

ence of the Boy Scouts of America held sands of boys want to join the movein New York City, a report of world ment. The last census before the Gerscouting was given. Mr. John A. Stiles, mans prohibited the Scout movement in

chief executive commissioner of CanHolland amounted to thirty thousand ada, in making the report graphically, boys in all. The October census was

told of conditions found in Europe: as estimated at one hundred twenty thouhigh as eighty percent child mortality sand Scouts. "No uniforms, no books,

in France since V-E Day; only two hunno tents, no camping material!"-—notdred out of 237,000 homes left in one withstanding these difficulties, the Scout

German city; two and a half million movement is more popular than ever bepeople of Italy sick today from malaria, fore.

ROCK etc. In spite of these and other trying The chief Scout executive of the

M. circumstances, scouting is now, in some Philippines reports the exceptional war

KIRKHAM European countries, two to three times service rendered by the Philippine larger numerically than before the war. Scouts. In refugee centers, they were

He concluded by saying that the salvaserving voluntarily as game leaders, tion of Europe will come through the morale officers, orderlies, and first aidTheAnniversarythirty-sixthwillBoybe ScoutofficiallyWeekinlivingChrist.ofHethefurtherprinciplesstatedtaughtthat byscoutingJesus ers.The Belgian secretary of Boy Scouts

augurated throughout the Church exemplifies many of these principles states, "Our meeting place is destroyed, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints on service to others, the Scout oath, our material lost, our tents are missing.Sunday, February 3, 1946. The First the Scout laws, the motto—"Be preWe want to carry on our activities. It

Presidency of the Church has approved pared,"the slogan: "Do a good turn is necessary for our boys. Can you help

this date and is requesting the scouting daily."All these spread the doctrine of us?"

"SCOUTS OF THE WORLD, BUILDING

rv oforganization each ward to cooperate w (. s\irjm,amJtuiu i\ocKck m in the Scout & recognizing the bishopwith DIRECTOR OF L.D.S. CHURCH SERVICE, BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA NATIONALmovement in the Church. A special

program has been prepared by the scouting committee of the general board good will through the brotherhood of Mr. Charles Celier, international

of the Y.M.M.I.A. scouting. commissioner of France, recently vis-

"Scouts of the world, building to- A Holland scouter reports that thouited the United States on a good will gether"is the theme for Boy Scout tour. He also studied methods and

RECORD LARGEST THE CAMPFIRE ON 14, but February of 1946; ending scoutingweek, to imWITH programs American SCOUTS, THIRTYSEVEN ATTENDED THOUSAND

it than that, it's a theme Scout prove the French is more we can movement PRINCE BY GUSTAV LORD BADENPOWELL,

ADOLPHUS MEMBERS OF OF THE SWEDEN, to his the year. throughout isfollow according statement, A. which, FAMILY OF HOLLAND, ROYAL AND OSCAR

strong, recent national staff conferAt the "The war has now 175,000 KIRKHAM

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been a hard time for the French Scout movement. Any Scout activity has

been prohibited by the Germans in twothirds of the country. Our leaders have

been arrested, deported, and shot. We

have not only carried on, but increased our membership by seventy percent underground. We are proud of our

Scout movement, and proud to belong to the International Scout Brotherhood, and we hope that the friendship among all the Scouts of the world will be increased by the World Jamboree that will take place in France in August 1947."Mr. Stiles states, "I believe we are

on the threshold of the greatest days scouting ever saw. In some ways, I am

afraid in Europe the movement is growing too fast. In Czechoslovakia, since

the war, it has multiplied by three. In

Europe, all through the war, in the occupied countries scouting was thriving underneath. In no one country did it

TOGETHER"

die out. Now, the enemy is gone, almost every boy wants to be a Scout."

The Boy Scouts of America realize that the Scout organizations of the world need more than good wishes. The

world Friendship Fund has been established. This is a popular method whereby Scouts and troops in America can

share with their brother Scouts in HolSCOUTS FORTYFOUR ASSEMNATIONS, FROM land, France, CzechosloDenmark, THE 1929 BLED AT JAMBOREE AT LIVERPOOL, vakia, and the Philippines. Supplies, total net membership of 1,754,087 men ENGLAND

equipment, and literature will be sent and boys registered in 54,614 scouting—Courtesy, "Scouting"

to help scouting move forward. A speunits in the Boy Scouts of America.

cial memorial edition of BadenPowell's This represents a net gain of nine perFirst World Jamboree held in LonScouting for Boys has been printed in cent during the past twelve months. The don—1920, twentyseven nations, six

many languages, and has been sent to United States government issued over thousand strong; second World Jamthese countries through the good will fifty national requests for Scout service boree in Copenhagen, Denmark—1924,

of these Scouts helping in America. during the war. The waste paper drive thirtyfour nations, five thousand

"The Shirts Off Our Backs"camis an indication of the response. }. A. Scouts; third World Jamboree at Arpaign, an outstanding service project King, chairman, War Production rowe Park, England—1929, seventyfor 1946, will be inaugurated during Board, issued a special request for three nations, fifty thousand Scouts

Boy Scout Week. The plan is for the waste paper during the summer of 1944, the largest gathering of youth since the

Boy Scouts of America individually and one hundred thousand tons were time of the crusades; fourth World

to share with their brother foreign collected by Boy Scouts. The need beJamboree at Godollo, outside of BudaScouts, their shirts, uniforms, and Scout came greater, and another call was ispest, Hungary—1933, fortysix nations,

equipment-—anything which Would help sued, known as the Boy ScoutGeneral twentyfour thousand Scouts; fifth make scouting more complete. Yes, Eisenhower campaign. The W.P.B. set World Jamboree in Holland—1937,

Scouts will be giving up pieces of uni- a goal of one hundred fifty thousand twentysix thousand Scouts.

forms and equipment which they may tons, but 302,000 tons were collected. First National Jamboree at Washnot be able to replace soon, but it will Every request successfully completed. ington, D.C., in 1937—27,232 attendbe a grand "good turn"to help others A real record! ing and twentyfour foreign countries

have scouting again. represented. Yes, I was there. No,

Our former Scouts, the returned servCcouting as an ideal way of living is you have never seen anything like this icemen, are coming back. Let's wel- a basis for genuine world brotherin America. It was the fourth dimencome and reinvest them into scouthood. "Scouts of the world"is no longsion of boyhood. It was a great crusade

ing and the Church. They can extend er a high sounding phrase. It is a realof youth. Lowell Thomas said, "I was

and strengthen the present leadership. ity, a thrilling truth. BadenPowell, the completely bowled over.""I am lookThey can help in establishing new founder of scouting, believed that the ing to you,"said Gabriel Heatter to the

units. Most of them have a thrilling tale way to put the meaning into the Scouts, "to keep the campfires of freeto tell. Also, through their practical brotherhood of scouting is to teach dom burning for a long time."Ameriscouting experiences, they can help to the value and belief in international can boyhood in action thrilled the nabuild a thrilling adventure program. friendships. The many world Scout tion!

Scouting in America is moving forjamborees have been a fine influence for Lord BadenPowell, at the final rally ward too. The latest statistics show a building international friendships: ( Concluded on page 119)

FEBRUARY 1946 87 of WIFE Jjf. StyA MORMON %

XII die; they will endure forever as noble

traditions among this people. They deThe Home at Fourteen Second East serve a place in the schoolbooks of the

"Fadeback"land where boys may forever learn by example the vital lessons of patience which nothing without persistence a heap and "It takes claims, as one poet in be accomplished while can worth it home,"to make livin'in a houseIf,o'then the dwelling at 14 Second this world."

East Street, where my mother was Heber J. Grant has always given due

to spend the next dozen years of her credit to his mother for any success life, had eminently earned the title long which he may have achieved in life. Bebefore she came there. In the life of her ing her only child, and she a widow, he

husband, what boyish ambition, what was all that she had to work and plan pride of accomplishment, what joy and for. She centered a great love upon this

her, as he has to him drew which sorrow this home had already boy,what if steel. I doubt of cords "... with said,seen!

ever any nearer, were and son mother of a the time earlier than years Thirty mother father and both for she was Ivins Rachel his mother, I write,which

Grant, had bought the little adobe to me."

house that had stood on this spot, with The two were confidants, and the five hundred dollars which had been worked and planned and played toher share, when, following the death of gether. The mother had a very hospiher husband, Jedediah M. Grant, the table nature and she did not let their

family homestead had been sold and the limited financial resources deter them proceeds divided among his heirs. from entertaining their friends. The litTHE YOUNG HEBER J. GRANT AND HIS

Jedediah's son was about seven years tle house saw frequent gatherings. MOTHER, RACHEL RIDGEWAY IVINS GRANT

old at the time, and here in hard, but "Yes,"she later said in speaking of wholesome circumstances, the young those times, "they loved to come, and advantages "the given Heber was Heber Ofttimes of which home, remodeled them. my TThis to have loved of we

appreciate his to learned andpoverty"fare scanty live the herself on very found in 1893 I would * mother and spirit as she of independence mother's the rambling might have greater mistress, a comfortable, so that we was entire the assumed uncomplainingly friends. with our of sharing rooms, including fourteen fipleasure affair with

nancial burden of her home. 'Sister Grant,'the boys would say, 'we numerous clothes closets, two attics,

To earn a livelihood for herself and have such good times here.'and a cellar with a dirt floor. (This

her boy, Heber's mother did fine hand latter could not by any possible stretch brought this as an exof class work gained a reputation sewing. called But a basement.) imagination of be achel that *"D hours, spent long the stairways, for to in finally decided so little back and cellent were front There cook and

she found it impossible to get ahead. give up sewing and take in boarders. the former carpeted, the latter merely

Denying themselves all but the bare From this time their fortunes bettered. painted, and furnishing the youngsters

deher life, son she opporand excellent necessities of with family an the of early at an school left Grant Heber of for one save that they somemust hasty, cided though a tunity to make of interest kindly the through and, age machines upstairs sewing wonderful disappearance the new noisy, what able boarders, was his mother's of one market. at the arrived then And on were which company unexpected when for business insurance into the to go mother, it ambitious hers, the consider not did they was front door the and when folinterests financial himself. Other all other in from womLeading some after day presentable. sewing themselves opportuniof a that for day was lowed, return home, often front bedroom an's house, would parlors and the double fellow. young ambitious for an ty hall and she supper, dark and a when stairway, front prepare was the to

little the along. Then sped years The into meal the and off in cleared shape an away had Heber branched L which

its in and torn down, house was adobe endishes, she side would in the dried a hall ended and which another washed go at her sewing again, sometimes place, the son built a neat cottage for trance to the home.

very It window, bay a mother. his had touchnight. into the far The working front in the came children seldom time, a roomy We and that at in vogue sitting much little on boy of her picture ing entrance. side this instead used but way still seen be of may which both porch, working his hands, and, with floor the come and to simpler go It much was Street. at East Second 14 her that so the machine treadles of the mufflers, hats, coats and since thus, our in 1877, little that has is home, rest, one mother's could his limbs tired To one hooks, of etc., long rows on hung bride, his his listeners of Lucy took of eyes the the many misted man young it hall, was this and in other, the above chilfirst their two man. here a he and Stringham, became sermons when inour snatch to up matter simple a It born. were Lucy, Rachel and dren, boyish little Heber's this home, In out. went On as raiment dividual we best it be that would later decided his was and encouraged been ambition had oldcoats, an our was opposite wall the a to have family increasing the for somefired achieve to determination umbrella and hat mirrored fashioned they so moved their and of own, life. home battle of the in while thing worth loaded down always stand, was which of after number a However, away. oftquoted the his own Here, made he belongings. smaller numerous with seemed crash financial a years, when on, "Dream Lytton: lines Lord from O large were of her our sold, home rooms The was home Lucy's imminent, and manfully, nobly and youth, dream and in summer, cool highceilinged, had home, mother's his and bought husband prophets."thy shall be dreams thy winter in (downcomfortable once he here and it enlarged, made greatly determination and a developed he Here a fireplace and a least) with at stairs family. his took more recital a that stickto-itiveness made

parin the double stove Franklin Lady the relinquished stir the accomplishments mother now his His boyish of dinin the baseburner huge lors a and a of becoming home, of her youth in a management ambition many fires of that I remember well ing room. How his household. son's of of her one yesterday. As member and today

its genial in for, baseburner, big story of some said: "The biographers

life was family of our much warmth never can as boy a achievements his of 88 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA

sTuaudta l/Winterd Ljrant By MARY GRANT JUDD centered. It was never allowed to go

completely out, but, at night, was IDauahter of freiident Meber tf. and Atu.qu.ila vvinleri Ljn

banked up and closed tight so that in the morning with a few shakes of the the ashes damper dropped and below until it the in night children she discovered grade had were all we we When fuel. fresh ready was for some The in to dining include saying school, the decided our race, to sit around used we

drafts were then opened, and in a our prayers, with the result that we room table in the evenings and study bright there twinkling a was that our lessons. blaze were and knees had a strict rule on our up again down We in another started, and day the Grant this there before but Robinson,"say must be you could no conversation, "Jack

household was on its way. as Grandma Grant remarked. prohibition did not cover the sound of

Around this baseburner we chilapples being munched from the large dren always clustered to dress in the panful in the center of the table. These

chilly mornings and to undress at night, /"\ur dining room was large and the we never failed to bring up from the furniture in proportion. The heavicellar at the commencement of our because our bedrooms were entirely unheated. Mother used to encourage us ly carved goldenoak sideboard, table, study period. The older girls did their

to run races to see who would be ready and chairs, bought in the days of my studying in the quiet hominess of for bed first, otherwise the process father's affluence, would have done Grandma's room upstairs—the only

stretched out interminably. Part of the credit to any home. Many a time my bedroom which boasted the comfort of

sisters large stove. In this a in the room, I have waited and and on table when little girl to for performance each was

it, attic in all of the extra to attached leaves of dozen were were many pile of put her clothes top neat in a on one of the dining room chairs. So that place and twentyfive or more people Grandma's own particular belongings

our long woolen stockings would look were being served at one of our family which had once furnished her home and smooth over the inevitable long underparties. from which she was not asked to part

she housekeeping. gave when up There all in children those which wear wore

this table, evemorning Around and Franklin stove small a with a was Lady rolled days, always them down we to ning, knelt, his in each accustomed we floor the nearby, containon woodbox off ankles slipped before our them we place, as family prayers. had ing, fuel, we The besides the pair necessary a left clothes, them, with other and our

children to their taught turns take were for of gloves she to Grandma don when roll in to ready again morning. the up

the in with praying aloud. grownups the the and, ashes shook from down they respective reposed our on As she a comparatively was young When that coals few descended with them, their for chairs to waiting claim owners woman, suffered Grant Grandma a had fire lighted the the with long of one like next the day, they them looked

attack severe left of quinsy which had pieces twisted that of paper kept were nothing so as very black doughmuch her totally almost deaf. father So to matches. save my handy a There was nuts, to attached the foot each one of

knelt always beside her into and prayed silk table center over which patch- a a stocking.

all ear. her so were to accustomed spread, cover rested was where work We

Mother was quite delighted with her this procedure that it seemed not at all her family album that she never tired plan for speeding up preparations for strange to us. (Concluded on page 121

14 SECOND EAST

From a painting by Joseph A. F. Everett

FEBRUARY 1946 89.

Principles of Peace in the Postwar Period Sot THEAmencan (Concluded from page 79)

By THEODORE ROOSEVELT The gospel of Jesus Christ has as its

is of the expect American boy shall turnOf thatcourse what we have a right to Twentysixth President of the ultimate purpose the establishment of a out to be he a United States glorifiedsocial orderand inin whichwhichhisGodwill shallshall bebe the chances man. Americangood Now, as "which,"kingdom of God done—a thatare strong be he won't much of "shall writes, make Elwood of a ( Published in St. Nicholas, May, 1900) Dr.

man unless he is a good deal of a boy. humanity one large family, with genuine

He must not be a coward or a weakling, love and good will among all its mem- a bully, a shirk, or a prig. He must bers. But this new social order is not

work hard and play hard. He must be to be established by force or authority,

cleanlived,cleanminded and able and all circumstances underto hold his own exceptions as examples would be as unbutsoul.'by a new life within the individual

and against all comers. It is only on safe as it would be to advocate blindwon blind men have because some into ness conditions will growthese that he Conclusion over their honor undying by triumphingthe kind of American man of whom

accomplishing infirmity and physical really proud. can beAmerica atomentered upon the has world ad- '"Phe world. results in the I am no great

the happiness, * ic age. nay The life countless in are always There cramexcessive senseless and of vocate

tendencies for good and for evil, and ming in studies, but a boy should work, very existence of the race, requires that in which age it a spiritual make man generation succeeding sees someeach his at hard, should work and lessons—in discovered potent power yet most strengthened tendencies theseof of sake first what he the the for place, and the

some weakened; nor is it by any means will learn, and in the next place, for the by science will be harnessed, controlled,

always, alas! that the tendencies for evil sake of the effect upon his character and made to contribute to the promoare weakened and those for good of resolutely settling down to learn it. tion of prosperity and peace.

last the duringstrengthened. few in But indifference slackness, Shiftlessness, Christ, the as of Bethlehem, Babe The certainly been there some havedecades incertain to mean almost are studying is life still lives! His of the God, Son life. in for changesnotable life. good boy of other walks in get ability to on charis real! Ideal the whose Man He athletic in of love great the is growth it aThe older, grows as a course boy Of is the the is acter supreme. Way, He for fraught with instance, whilesports, studies his if shape can thing he good our Life, Redeemer, our the Truth,

it if onesided and becomesdanger a has he which direction in toward the Complithe One.""Anointed Savior,

all questionunhealthy, had has this beyond can do he bent; whether but natural peace his brings teachings with ance

in manlieffect increasedan excellent into heart his whole put not, must or he to proclaims he happiness—these and

...ness. mischiefdoing I in believe not them. do privilege this world. The warweary

animal of in the kind hours, or in school still is to offered his gospel of accepting athletes, famous were Greeks The scholin results bad spirit making that or the the acceptance mankind. training athletic Upon their long had as asand

I those that boys who believe ars; and it happithe of rejection depends it lives, in now their a place was normala outside play in hard rough, part take of the destruction human the ness or it thing thing. a very bad Butgood was for find need will not any school of family. athletic their games kept they upwhen study, they in school. While horseplay solqualities of stern letting thewhile as they just the hard as poet of In the Oxenham: study they should words disinto sink statesmanshipdiership and

is It in game. match football a play of readers theuse. of younger learn shall never Some O, we adage, old the homely to wise obey read willthis certainly sometime book all time truth taught has The you while play work; while you "Work letters Pliny, of the youngerthe famous architect as without That God... play."with wrote, seems whata Roman who to building naught? comes Our

in touch, usto a curiously modern can boy the HPhe era.first His present of the century

being a good ""by best becomeboy—nota gooda goodyman Lord,Our heartshelp andus, andlives,inspirethat we the with Emperorcorrespondence

Trajan is particularly interesting; and goody boy, but just a plain good boy. May build, with all thy wondrous gifts,

not the least noteworthy thing in it is I do not mean that he must love only A kingdom meet for thee!

the tone of contempt with which he the negative virtues; I mean he must

speaks of the Greek athletic sports, love the positive virtues also. "Good,"

treating them as diversions of an unin the largest sense, should include clean, is fine, straightforward, it safe to enwhateverwarlike people which was will his him, I respect and good qualities manly. the to Greeks in order keepcourage

if little; I of course, while, count for but good best men Theknow—arebest boys formidable. into anything brave,know—theandfrom turning

So at one time the Persian kings had to at their studies or their business, fearhe is mean, cruel, or wicked, then his forbid polo, because soldiers neglected less and stalwart, hated and feared by physical strength and force of mind their proper duties for the fascinations all that is wicked and depraved, incapmerely make him so much the more obsociety. jectionable of and wrongdoing, to a of submitting He member able the expect the best game.of cannot We if strong but aught being of not and cannot equally he is incapable do work soldiers to carried have fromwork who

helpless. his heart try and with not does and to whole tender the weak A sports the unhealthy extreme andan

pastimes which would be healthy if inhealthy-minded boy should feel hearty soul to count in any contest; and this

dulged in with moderation, and have contempt for the coward, and even strength will be a curse to himself and neglected to learn as they should the more hearty indignation for the boy to everyone else if he does not have a business of their profession... who bullies girls or small boys, or torthorough command over himself and

tures animals.... over his own evil passions, and if he

does not use his strength on the side of "To boy can afford to neglect his work, The effect that a thoroughly manly, decency, justice, and fair dealing.

and with a boy, work, as a rule, thoroughly straight, and upright boy means study. Of course there are occan have upon the companions of his In short, in life, as in a football game,

casionally brilliant successes in life own age, and upon those who are the principle to follow is:

where the man has been worthless as a younger, is incalculable. If he is not Hit the line hard; don't foul, and

student when a boy. To take these thoroughly manly, then they will not don't shirk, but hit the line hard!

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA L COMPANY TRAPPER By ANN WOODBURY HAFEN

Part I From Tenderfoot to Mountain Man (182930) ThepanyRockywas recruitingMountainat FurSt. Louis.ComPartner Billy Sublette was handpicking the men to take west with the

1829 spring supply train.

Joe Meek, a raw young Virginian who was under examination, stretched himself to his full height. He wanted to

look the part of a man. Anxiously his

bright black eyes met the appraising eyes of Sublette.

"How old are you, boy?"

"Eighteen going on nineteen, sir,"replied Joe Meek.

Sublette turned to a trapper friend:

"What about it, Tom? Think he'll do?"

Old Tom rubbed his red beard and sized up the eager youth. "If we feeds

him raw meat fer a while he might get tough enough,"he advised.

"All right, try him out,"said Sublette.

Then to Meek: "We'll sign you for a

year. In that time you'll show us what

you're made of. And if you prove to

be a trifling fellow, remember, back you loaded with queer bales of pelts, and for a few days, resorted their packs, come to the States."Sublette turned to piloted by young bearded men in greasy and made careful check on their provihis assistant. "Tom, give the boy an buckskin suits, he longed to go out to sions for the year ahead, five hundred

outfit. Do all you can to take the greenthat mysterious country in the west and miles from supplies and roof shelters.

horn out of him."become a mountain man. And now, as A dead silence fell upon the whole

Joe Meek could scarcely believe his he looked over his new outfit, he company as they marched away, and good fortune. Signed up for a year with squared his shoulders. "Bring on your unbroken the silence hung for miles.

the Rocky Mountain Fur Company! A Indians; I'm no trifler,"were Joe's deMany were thinking of the homes and

year of adventure in the strange wild termined thoughts. families left behind, wondering if ever

lands to the west! He little realized again they might see them. But Joe

that the trapper's chance at life was C\n a windy day in March 1829, SubMeek's thoughts were on the future.about one in three; that their motto lette and his company left St. Louis He hoped he would not prove weakwas: "Keep your heart big, for tomor-—sixty men mounted on good horses, hearted. He wanted to be a real mounrow you may die."Joyfully he squared with a long string of pack mules loaded tain man—beard, buckskin, and all.

his shoulders. Bring on your bears and deep with merchandise for the Indian The manner of travel was interesting

trade for the afraid. Blackfeet and supplies wasn't Indians—he men of the to semimilitary arrangement. him—a mountains. for were headed They not Another thing Joe did know or leader, Big Booshway, rode at The

there is one trait as important as courSummer Rendezvous on the Popo Agie, the head of the column. Near him was

age, which every recruit must have. He a rich valley with grass for the animals a lead mule on which were packed two

must be a good worker, do the camp and game for the camp, and a shining small trunks that balanced each other.

duties without grumbling. That was mountain background. They contained the company's books,

pretty hard for a labordespising young Up through the state of Missouri papers, and articles of agreement with southerner. they traveled. Camp life commenced at the men. Then followed the pack aniJoe Meek had come from a plantation the start. Rough weather and severe mals, each bearing three packs nicely

in Virginia where he lived pretty much exercise gave them wolfish appetites balanced. The camp keepers were in

and sweetened until his father to according his whims the coarse fare and outcharge to mules one of these-—three

cooking. school. the balddoor sent him to hunters When trappers and man. The each

headed master tried to teach young Joe Getting up at four o'clock on a had two animals which they looked fires to kindle morning March paddle, on the a b c's Joe drizzling a wooden or horse to ride, mule one and after—a

to wood, young with damp woke Joe wasn't cut out he allowed traps. for book to carry the was Joe Meek

learning and used the paddle on the the hard fact that the trapper's life was classed as one of these trappers. At

startled schoolmaster, and departed. He not all romance and danger. It was unthe back of the column rode the second

reckoned his stepmother would not comfortable. But the wise young recruit man or Little Booshway who had to grieve for him at home, so he jumped took it and liked it—or at least never look after the order and condition of

into the wagon of a neighbor leaving for showed that he did not like it. the whole outfit.

Kentucky, and later found himself in The company passed through a On arriving at a suitable spot to the frontier city of St. Louis on an sparselysettled region and came at last make the night camp, the leader would

autumn day of 1828. to Independence, Missouri, the last stadismount in the space he chose for his

Through the winter months, as he tion before entering the wild unsettled own particular tent. About him the

watched long mule pack trains come in plains of the west. Here they stopped (Continued on page 115)

FEBRUARY 1946 91 at GETTYSBURG

-K-K-K**<**

of the Gettysburg Address. He was the

representative of the Associated Press.

Charles Hale, who was the secretary of the commission sent to Gettysburg by Governor Andrew, of Boston, also took down the address in shorthand, and it is almost word for word the same as the Associated Press copy. The Hale

transcript, although making no citation within the text where the applause is—Photograph, Harold M. Lambert said to have occurred, does divide the

address into several paragraphs. The

Manyciatedof withthe minorthe composition,incidents assode- downEyewitnesses,what they whoobserved,personallyshouldwrotealso entlygeneralfollowsparagraphthe samearrangementdivision withapparone livery, and acceptance of the have their testimonies come under the or two exceptions, as the applause citaGettysburg Address have been subjects close scrutiny of the searchers for facts. tions in the Associated Press report.

of much controversy. Usually there The time element is possibly the most Mr. Hale also stated in his notes that

would be no question as to whether or important factor to take in account the address was delivered "with great not certain remarks brought forth apwhen tabulating the value of such testideliberation,"which method itself plause. However, there is a wide divermony. We may always expect to find would open opportunity for applause.

gence of opinion among those who atthe widest divergence of opinion beWith hardly an exception, those tended the Gettysburg ceremonies, with tween those observations written down holding that there was no applause at respect to how the address of the Presiat the time an incident happened, and Gettysburg made their observations dent was received. Some of those preswritten accounts penned many years many years after the event took place.

ent were very sure the applause was after the events occurred. Not only is This viewpoint has contributed greatly

generous while others attending the exthis true with respect to the testimony to the supposition that the address of ercises were equally sure that the of different individuals, but it is also Lincoln was not well received and that address was received in silence. evident in the reminiscences of the same the people present failed to be imIn weighing the evidence of the person who at different times, widely pressed with the beauty of its diction.

witnesses who have expressed such separated, has left written records of Another school of thought, which also contradictory conclusions about apthe same incident. Fading memories has no place for applause in the adplause, certain observations about their have greatly distorted the accuracy of dress, bases its supposition on the soqualifications to speak with authority historical records. lemnity of the occasion and argues that

might be noted. Of course, there is alapplause at Gettysburg would have

ways much emphasis placed upon the An ideal witness would be one, who been like blasphemy.

testimonies of eyewitnesses as it would "as a matter of business, was ordered The copy of the address, which the appear as if what they had to say about to go to Gettysburg on November 19, representative of the Associated Press an incident would be the best possible 1863, take down in shorthand the prosent out from Gettysburg on the very source of information. ceedings of the day, transcribe his notes day the address was delivered, contains

Of least importance among the testiimmediately, and prepare them for in brackets the word "applause"at five monies of eyewitnesses are the large printing. It would seem that what he different places in the address, and at

number of interviews which have been reported would be of inestimable value, the end of the address, the citation, recorded by interviewers, after having and free from just as much of the per- "long continued applause."The fact

talked with some of those who heard sonal equation as possible. In fact, such that the Associated Press report is acthe famous speech. Not only are the a person would be serving in a capacity cepted generally as the most accurate

reminiscences likely to be colored, but not unlike that of a court stenographer. copy of what was said should also give

the manner in which leading questions The amazing fact is that there is availweight to the correctness of the intermay have been put to the witnesses have able the testimony of just such a witpolations with respect to applause.

had much to do in drawing out a desired ness and the printed report of his tranFrom Lincoln Lore, publication of the reaction. scribed notes include a verbatim copy Lincoln National Life Foundation.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jke oLe,eaend or tme TRIBE OF VERY MUCH WIND II yv7i Tctuentum in Jundau School Jeackin9 "Tribal Councils"K. SMITHForthe a"Tribetime afterof Veryour MuchIndianWind"party By RUBY

was just one more happy memory as we turned our attention to other things. First, we must make sure that well. Early in the year, we had adopted At last it was time for our farewell

the end of the year would not separate the Mutual slogan: "We stand for \*"tribal council. But when we asus, and bring an end to our happy assospiritual growth through adherence to sembled around the cheerful "council

ciation as a Sunday School class. We Latterday Saint ideals."In all our fire,"and realized that it was our last

found the superintendent very cooperaclose association, I feel sure none of party together as a Sunday School tive in promising us another year tothem ever did anything unworthy of class, it was a subdued group that lisgether in Sunday School. Then, with those ideals. tened to Nokomis'farewell message.

the new year, tnere was a stimulating With enthusiasm we decided to meet newtention—thecourse ofstorystudyof theto Bookclaim ofourMorat- togetherour bondsyearlyof friendshipso that weandmightour pledgerenew

mon. By this time, we had the class to better living.

divided into two groups, which comThen the boys repeated our slogan, peted with each other for greater excel- "We stand for spiritual growth through lence in class activities. At the end of adherence to Latterday Saint ideals,"

three months, the group with the most and I knew the sincerity with which credits were to be the guests of the they resolved to remember those ideals.

other group at a party. We talked of our adventures toMeanwhile, the mothers of my "Ingether. But my "Indians"could not redians,"who had always shown a great main quiet long, even at our last party.

deal of interest in our activities, began With one last spirited tribal dance, they to make us more aware of their sincere once more became my beloved "wild approval. During that winter several Indians."

of them entertained our entire group at ONE SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 1931 Soon after that, there was another delightful house parties in their own eventful promotion day in Sunday

I if all theyhomes. School, wonder and "Indians"how knew were my close, beto year the a drew As we their friendly to concooperation class. anothermuch advenMy of promoted seriously of to think more some gan totributed ture the success of as the our that teacher Sunday of class of deaideals specific the aims had which and class. finished.School cons was

first met, us. the inspired day From we until in class contest not our intriguing But It was role, new, as my I it favorite of been had dream a knewparty, late in held that the for fantastic March, tribe, a Nokomis Indian mission to of the a some boys go on of adventures"Tribe just was Very well begun. Wind"had Much my that talked of often day. some had We life to leasegiven a on which was new

it definite a dream, became and now it Tribal affecin Reunions placeassure a permanent our goal which towards Durwe planned.tions. consultation After with due

last ing together folyears our in Sunday which weeks immediately HPhe issued the hostsNokomis, an invitation topic. favorite School, our it became farewell the lowed tribal councilto the guests.

misreturned popular a Sunday, all realize One us really made how much we the evening, guests appointed the On the give sionary to a heartboys came to I other as meant each group. a never entertained royally at progreswere a found the joy to talk toheart be about to at ceased the marvel loyalty of my insive the of party some "wigwams"

in service. missionary Sunday, Another "Indians"another, to at one or the foltheir afterof "brother warriors"

girl told east the convert a from young enthusiasm they with which responded trail in their of a deviouslowing search the to gratitude missionof her debt of to any message from Nokomis. Our thishosts. Calling of "council party a

aries the gospel mesbrought had annual who reunions at Christmas betime tribal tribe,"the established they a finally, class her. to sage our was And eagerly awaited came we alltradition. parties of Henceforth, our events—but

visit presistake the a honored from by limited never ourselves to a one party to "tribal calledgroup counbe were truly inspired predent, to be them who year. Special occasions "tribal"forcils."

their calls when to find. easy should come to gatherings had always been for pared this time, impatient By we were

field. the mission go into ( Concluded on page 1 20the return of spring, and as soon as the

snow disappeared, we began to return to our old haunts. All through another

joyous summer, whenever our faithful friend, Bohunkus, was ready to go, we assembled with the same old enthusiasm, to relive an old adventure, or AT THE find a new one. But always, the sunrise FAIRGROUNDS

trip to Rotary Park held the greatest MAY 1933 charms for us.

As the second year sped on, it was a joy to watch the development of those rapidly growing boys, not only physically, but morally and spiritually as

FEBRUARY 1946 93 pQta QMp|

T-Jeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

A A Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern Time, 11:00 a.m. Central

Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time.

Jke \cju,autu of Ljenerosltu Cometimes in observing the lives of others, we may supHPhe quality of mercy has long since been immortalized.

existence—freepose that therefrom theareheartaches,some whofromleadthe anreverses,untroubledfrom the qualityBut todayof generosity.we should Onliketheto facesay ofsomethingit, generosityconcerningwould

the causes for worry and anxiety that beset the rest of us. seem to be easy to define. In the abstract, perhaps it is.

The less we know about others, the more likely we are to But to say in specific cases whether or not one is generous make this error. You can't tell by a casual and impersonal may not be as easy as might be supposed. Indeed, it is

glance at a man what he is carrying around in his heart, possible to give much and yet have little of the spirit of genbut you may know with almost infallible certainty, that, erosity. The giving may be prompted by motives other

whoever he is and whatever he is, life has dealt with himthan generosity. Perhaps we are all inclined to judge

or will before he gets through with it. We dream great generosity in others by our circumstances rather than by

dreams. We make our plans. We write our own specificatheirs. What we ourselves don't have, we may think our

tions. We decide in the glorious and optimistic promise of neighbor should be readily willing to part with. Perhaps

our youth what life shall give us. We decide what we most of us who never had a million dollars are sometimes

would like to be; what we would like to do; where we inclined to feel that he who has, should be more generous

would like to live; with whom we would like to spend our with his mean's. Suppose we convince him that he should

lives; what we would like for our children; how we would be, and, being thus convinced, suppose he finds a million

like the days and the years to unfold—and then, the unpeople in need and gives them each a dollar. He is then

foreseen, the unplanned intervenes: sometimes misfortune, a pauper, and perhaps no one is very grateful to him; persometimes opportunity, but almost certainly something haps no one thinks he was particularly generous; certainly

different from what we had planned. Few men become there is no one who thinks he was very wise. He has

what they expected to become. They may become somedissipated his substance, and has furthered no permanent

thing greater or less, but in any case, something different. purpose. Surely there must be more to generosity than

Life shapes us as we shape life. But when some of the indiscriminate giving. And lest temporary relief become

things which we had our hearts set upon and were deter- a permanent obligation, perhaps the wiser generosity would mined to have, do not come to us, sometimes we go to the direct means as fully and quickly as possible to creating extreme of railing against the Almighty. Sometimes we more work and more opportunities, to help other men help

refuse to accept the irrevocable and doggedly beat our themselves to a selfsustaining independence and selfheads against the wall—but, long after our heads are sore respect. There is yet another and important phase of this

and bruised, we find that the wall is still there. When we question: Often men acquire a reputation for being exceeddecisions, against rebel irrevocablestubbornly we risk ingly generous at other people's expense: for example, those

offers thatbeing crushed in a bitterness and bowed down no reconciliation. Bitterly wishing that something which who dispense money or favors from public or private sources

has happened had not happened, is understandable, but not at no personal cost to themselves. Being free with other

profitable. It tends to clutter up the present with the people's money could scarcely come within the definition

wreckage of the past. Fighting against something that can of real generosity. It is often much too easy to be liberal

be changed and ought to be is thrilling. But fighting against with what isn't ours. Another thing that determines generwhat cannot be changed is futility itself. We all learn osity is what we expect in return. To give expecting nothing

about disappointment and regret before we're through. But is by nature quite different from giving with the expectancy

it is a part of the business of living also to learn how to of reciprocal favors. Finally, if we give only because it is

face life as it is, and to have the faith to recover from our a custom from which we dare not depart, or because of the plans. our Surely Aimlessdisappointments. must make we giving, vanity of the then meaning of generosity has passed

blueprints of theliving is intolerable. keep must Surely we

us by. But give with of our hearts, if we the warmth and us. best the But, having before doneour dreams we can

under all circumstances, we may find our greatest victory in such manner that those who receive, love us for it, and in what at first seemed to be our certain defeat, as Provare blessed and helped and uplifted by it, then ours is the idence and forces beyond our control step in and take quality of generosity, whether we have much or little.

over, and overrule the best laid plans of men. Blessed are they who give or receive with a generous heart.

!—December 9, 1945.—December 16, 1945.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wr tetLD CjlGW

OfJleauevi on and of the need we have for physical darkness to bring C*ar tk us quiet and refreshing sleep. A friendly darkness is so often

"NJo matter what our thoughts have been throughout the a welcome and necessary relief to the glaring light. But

year, no matter what the tension or the pressure of darkness is only friendly and reassuring when we know living, no matter what anxiety lies heavy upon our hearts, what lies within it. If we have any apprehension that there!

there comes almost imperceptibly at Christmas, a mellowis some unknown thing lurking there, even physical darking of spirit, a warmth of feeling that overrides all lesser ness is terrifying to live with—and mental and spiritual

things. Perhaps this is but a foretaste of that peace of which darkness yet more so. Indeed, the record of all past yearsthe Prince of Peace so often spoke. Of course all men are would seem to justify the conclusion that darkness is amongj not touched by the spirit of Christmas. But even with only the most common causes of unhappiness in men—the dark

a token observance, even with so many who do not subness that is the mortal enemy of light; the darkness that

prejudice; that the closes permits darkness breeds minds and its imperfectly thus poorly and scribe to message—even the them; don't they other hate to because know men is the other men different Christmas from how observed—think intelligence darkreason; the that darkness out and crowds chance. small for those give it even year, the of days who

find And, thinking this, think how the peace of this day could ness that fears what it doesn't know—and even fears to

be made to cover the earth and to cover all the days of the out. We speak of the ignorance and superstition, of the

year. But what can you do about it? You perhaps are just dark fears, of primitive peoples, and we think confidently a man with his family by his fireside, or a lad back home of our own enlightenment—but in reality perhaps there are

fear time to face the facts at some do not of us who milfew battles, of one or perhaps a from many mother—just arei ourselves. concerning example, give but there one To the world lions don't touch sent to a son war. You who

with your influence, you think. There is little, perhaps, countless people who live in fear of their own physical

that you know of statesmanship. You can't go to a far condition. They have heard or read of diseases and maladies, country on a mission of diplomacy. You can't call the the symptoms of which they fear they have—and they go

nations together. So what can you do? The answer may on living in fear because they fear to know the truth;

advice, whereas, competent learning the by seeking by in remember its seeming disappointing be simplicity—but the facts, their fears truth, by facing might immediately be where so somewhere, have to begin suppose we begin we

it we are; suppose we begin with courtesy and consideration dispelled. And even if the worst were true, knowing

in our homes. Then suppose we reach out to our neighbors. would permit some intelligent action. But not knowing the

intelligent truth action, precludes permits fears multito and suppose to hate feel someone, begin ourselves we When is almost nothing reality is as There which bad in we fear service. turn to the Ten ply. Suppose him some we we render

Commandments and read them and conduct an honest selfas our mental fears would paint it, and knowing the truth is examination. This may give us something to begin to work seldom as terrifying as fearing the truth and not knowing it.

on. Suppose we keep the commandments of God and observe And so if we have a resolution to suggest for the days to

the timeless virtues and also the oftneglected courtesies. come, it would be that we seek enlightenment with open

This is not a mere impractical idealism. Idealism is the most minds, that we face the facts in our own lives, and in our own

practical thing in the world, and, even from the standpoint of generation; that we search for knowledge and wisdom, for

it. We have sheer selfinterest, the most stupid and impractical people are light, and for truth, and accept it where we find

those who depart from it. It has cost the world millions of an obligation to know all we can know concerning our

lives and billions of dollars from generation to generation to physical and mental and spiritual wellbeing; and to inform

ourselves things, these concerning for are not men "saved there. that aren't they to try find answers like better—answers

let in years ignorance."In the ahead out us come of our unto others actually to work at doing suppose So we begin

as we would have them do unto us. At Christmas, we come dark fears. "Let there be light!"

perhaps nearer to it than at any other time, and nearer Copyright, 1946—December 30, 1945. also to a taste of heaven on earth—which points strong

evidence to what the world could be, if men would let it be so. May the spirit of Christmas carry over, to give us

strength and courage and faith—and peace, this day—and

always. God bless us everyone.—December 23, 1945.

<=>Let Jhere 5e <=JLiqkt!f

"pROM the time of their earliest under standing, we wisely assure our children that there is no reason to fear the dark. We speak

to them of the kindliness of the nighttime,

FEBRUARY 1946 95 alternatives of war or peace. Utah with every state of

the Union is looking forward to the day of peace. We

take inspiration and courage from the ideals of our Editorials American government, which in her life has never wavered; in time of danger, has never hesitated; in

times of darkness, has never doubted the ways of

Providence. To the youth of America, we would say:

-jriftieth Jinniversam of "That which thy fathers have bequeathed to thee, learn it anew if thou wouldst possess it."Sir Francis Drake

lAtak'd >tatekooa gave a lasting word to his men on the Golden Hind, when he said:

in thing commemorathas commendable done a T Ttah abide. hold fast people pass but See that you away, Men * of fiftieth a state anniversary ing its as children your yea, leave and teach the Union. the you, heritage we

The convention of 1 895 which gave us our Constitution value. That never in the coming centuries their hearts mayits

was composed of a fine type of citizenry. They underfail them, or their hands grow weak. Hitherto, we have been

took their task with a consciousness of civic pride, and too much afraid. Henceforth, we will fear only God.

approached their work with moral integrity and purpose. There were issues at stake affecting the stability—Levi Edgar Young

of our institutions, but the members gave security to our government and left a message of publicminded- -\ C7/ kept in citizen mind that to the ness of today. They the (ojuotlfta Jh owias steffer&ovi governlooked upon of this commonwealth founders

strife tongues of possession. spiritual as a The ment

jealousies hatred stilled; enmities and and been had had M'r. WithThomashim,Jeffersonas with isotherquotablegreatandminds,much therequoted.is spirit became things of the the and subdued; been

which, quality of the that has lost in much unbeliefs timelessness—much fears of men were clearer. and The

it its enpast, strikes him with of the reads one when purpose. the joy of cooperative reality and of faith the

All were jubilant and happy that Utah was to gain during application. In recent reading we have come

statehood after the many years of struggle. There was again upon the following utterance by Thomas Jefferno apathy, but a conscious united effort of civic pride son from more than a century and a quarter ago. We

that was active, clean, and beautiful. give it here for its own sake, and without further comment, as reminder to our own time and to all others:

state fathers, our of our tradition the on Carrying office, spirits, in public ardent of using habit men by The influence educaof to a commonwealth be has grown service, the public injury to and more occasioned more has the for good Service industrially, and socially. tionally, occurhas circumstance which other than trouble to me, any

interests sectional of subordination the of humanity, during the adinternal in of country the concerns red my to that supreme idea, the unification of our people by ministration. And were I to commence my administration

common beliefs in duty, selfsacrifice, and progress again, with the knowledge which from experience I have these were the deep convictions of the founders. They acquired, the first question which I would ask with regard

be, "Is he addicted public office for would candidate every right spirit and to in a of work the gospel knew work—to

spirits?"President of ardent Jefferson, to the Thomas use of bequeathed they this spirit It which end. was to a right

to us to ennoble our lives and to teach our children the the United States, 18011809.

fundamental truths which will make them free to carry on their heritage.

Today we are vitally interested in solving the probCcommLmiaue on Jjldptaced f-ier$on$ lems that beset the world. We are looking to the

future, and are holding fast to the principle that it is February, Wed. 4, 1846—The Saints at Nauvoo commenced

"Right that makes might,"and the evil forces that are crossing the Mississippi river for the purpose of moving in the world can only be conquered by the truths taught west. Charles Shumway was the first to cross the river.

by Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Surely we can

become with all Americans a wise and understanding nHE anguish of the winter flight from Nauvoo, this people. The boundaries of greatness are enlarging, and * sparely worded, unemotional entry in Church

he who would know the modern world must first of Chronology does not begin to tell. But in our own

all know the men who are making it. The world lies day we have seen something of peoples dispossessed

open to our view, exposed in its want and evil. The and uprooted. There is no counting the cost.

spirit of consecration, of devotion to righteousness will never fail us, and we will take our problems and lift February 4, 1846, is an anniversary to be held in them into the realm of duty. The nations of the world equal remembrance with July 24, 1847. Between them,

will yet become good neighbors. It means that all the every day becomes a milestone, for a people are on the

men who have died for right and freedom in the war move. What begins as a single man stepping guardedwhich has involved all peoples of the world shall not ly out on the ice becomes a trickle of men and women

have died in vain. The truth of the Master will yet and wondering children, a swelling stream of carts and

become a light unto all mankind, and "... they shall beat wagons, the fleeing population of a beleaguered city

their swords into plowshares, and their spears into who even before "grass grows and water runs"have pruning hooks: nation shall not lift up sword against been compelled to set their faces to the west and soon

nation, neither shall they learn war any more."(Isaiah will advance like a tide across plain and mountain

2:4.) toward uncertain haven. Then as now ideas were more

precious than life, and Nauvoo was resolutely sacriSeveral times, the history of this world has hung on ficed that the ideas which founded and nurtured it might the point of a spear. Each time, an overruling Provilive to establish other and greater communities.

dence has seen to it that the solution was toward the greater freedom, the greater progress, the greater In the chill of February we can more vividly recall liberty, the greater enfranchisement of mankind. The that other winter day when one man immortalized his

clock of time is about to strike the most portentous name by being "first to cross the river."It is a memhour in all history. Civilization is awakened to the orable anniversary in the Church. W.M.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

happen anywhere; they were invented as symbols of

truth.

In short, the world's scholarship admits that it cannot Evidences and answer the question, where was the Garden of Eden?

In 1831, the Prophet Joseph Smith received a revelation designating the place called Independence, reconciliations Jackson County, Missouri, as the center place of the kingdom of God on the western hemisphere. A city

built. CI. lA/here \AJai the C/arden or (Ldeni Therecalled Zionalso, orthetheforemostNew Jerusalemtemple towouldthe Lordthereshouldbe be

7V dam and Eve, the progenitors of the human race, woulderected.issue,Fromas thethe wordtempleofintheZionLordthewouldlaw ofcomethe Lordfrom

were placed by God in the "Garden of Eden."Jerusalem. (D. & C. 57:1-3; Isaiah 2:3; Micah 4:2;

And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden; History of the Church, 1: 188.)

and there he put the man whom he had formed. And out of Later, the Prophet designated "Spring Hill,"a hill

the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is of eminence about fifty or sixty miles north and somepleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also what to the east of Independence, as Adamondi-

in of the garden, the midst "... visit shall place the to where and the tree of knowledge of good Ahman, come Adam

evil. 2:8-9.) (Genesis and

sit, shall his people, the as or Ancient spoken of Days

This very brief statement would lead the reader to of by Daniel the prophet."(D. & C. 1 16. ) In a revelabelieve that Eden may have been the name of a large tion to the Prophet, an early event in the history of manarea of land, perhaps a country or continent, in which kind, occurring near Adamondi-Ahman, was told

a garden of limited area was set aside and "planted"for Three years previous to the death of Adam, he called Seth, the use of Adam and Eve. Enos, Cainan, Mahalaleel, Jared, Enoch, and Methuselah,

For many generations Bible students have searched who were all high priests, with the residue of his posterity for the location of this home of our first parents. The who were righteous, into the valley of Adamondi-Ahman,

geography of every continent has been studied minutely and there bestowed upon them his last blessing. (D. & C.

in the hope that the location of Eden and its garden 107:53.)

Articles, pamphlets, have books and found. be might of his generations called together Since seven Adam acceptable subject, without but the written on been

it at well bedescendants Adamondi-Ahman, can be conclusions.

If so, lieved his old that there the homestead. was few. to are that discovery might lead a clues The

it distant, not for of far probably Garden was Eden in garden "eastward"that the says account was The at the the the east entrance of which Garden was was is in story west east depends or such a Eden. What "fall."closed at against the the time (Genesis of them since writing, of at the time author the the of place on

: ) it fact, In 3 understood has 24. been commonly among It is fair that is assumption mentioned. point fixed a no Saints, the the teachings Latterday the of Prophfrom far quite meaning, another so has the "eastward"word

et, built the in that location to the or near temple was be direction. of usual the one than unknown, the of of Eden. Garden is first the clue, more, at promised which Another

the the actually taught Prophet that That Garden that statement is in near Independence, or of Missouri, Eden was... a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and amply testified to by many who knew and heard him.

from thence it was parted, and became into four heads. The Heber C. Kimball, close associate and friend of the

name of the first is Pison... which compasseth the whole Prophet, said on one occasion:

land of Havilah...; the name of the second river is Gihon

... that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia. And the The spot chosen for the Garden of Eden was Jackson Counname of the third river is Hiddekel... which goeth toward the ty, in the state of Missouri, where Independence now stands;

east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates. (Genesis it was occupied in the morn of creation by Adam and his

2:1014.) associates, who came with him for the express purpose of

peopling this earth. (Journal of Discourses, 10:235.)

Despite the apparently specific descriptions given, this clue has not led to the location of the Garden of Brigham Young, also a close associate of the Prophet,

Eden. Careful scholars have not been able to identify testified similarly:

the rivers certainty. rivers with of the four None of any

fits into Since lands the now known. mentioned the theInLordthe beginning,commenced afterhis workthis earthupon waswhatpreparedis now calledfor man,the

historically wellknown names of Euphrates, Assyria, American continent, where the Garden of Eden was made.

and Ethiopia do not fit into the use of them in the In the days of Noah, in the days of the floating of the ark,

Garden of Eden story, it is more than probable that they he took the people to another part of the earth. (Discourses,

are ancient names variously applied in later times. p. 102.)

countries early ages to belong these rivers Clearly, and In conversation with Orson Hyde, on March 15, history, to presentday of the world's and do not apply said: 1857, President Young

terminology.

The river which watered the Garden of Eden "went You have been both to Jerusalem and Zion, and seen both.

out of Eden,"probably out of the country of Eden, not I have not seen either, for I have never been in Jackson it is think to pleasant to a thing of and County. know Now following the necessarily of Eden. out of Garden The the of think of it? ever was. Did where Garden you Eden

it into heads,"parted "four statement, that may was do, for in the think Jackson Garden I do not County was many refer to a condition at the headwaters area, not within of Eden. Joseph has declared this, and I am as much bound

the garden. to believe that as to believe that Joseph was a prophet of

In dismay at the failure to locate the garden of Adam God. (Journal History, March 15, 1857.)

and Eve from the description given in Genesis, many students have attempted to spiritualize the whole story. That is the position of the Latterday Saints today,

The garden was not, they say, a place on earth, but with respect to the muchdiscussed location of the a heavenly abode, in which the drama of "the fall"was Garden of Eden.

enacted. Others insist that everything in the Bible Adam, after his expulsion from the Garden of Eden,

account of the Garden should be given a symbolic lived in the vicinity of the great Missouri and Missismeaning. That is, the events recorded did not really (Concluded on page 126)

FEBRUARY 1946 97 See what's happened r toMILW owing Your Next Best Friend particularfluently on victory,that subject.for myI feelhusbandthis is isa

introvert type reserved, the By Helen Gregg Green extremely chatty extrothe permits who usually

T Tow often do we read an article and vert to impose when conversational divided. are subjects ''just that's "Oh, ourselves, to say at evenings our spend we When It be wouldn't author's! the of idea an a isn't unless has he happy he home, case."in Children true for"my "go betthe deeper book. worthwhile The feel I Margery would Normally,

differ- a says, ter! tempting has book, he rennetcustards Every exaggerated in an writing was Wilson outlook broadens your slant ent which colors, no wonder! Pretty And mouththis paraincluded she manner when

flavors, watering lots knowledge. of gay, tasty topand BackYour to Improve in"graph Ways pings rennetcustards make blanket surprise a a that need All of us we know of issue Life: recent in Your a ground"treat every time serve them. you And geograas subjects such of knowledge

it's so easy to into these milk is make next your reading of habit good politics. The In a government, and phy,

.. eggless, noncooked custards it the habit, be can other friend. Like best any period, brief reading comparatively rennet enzyme the milk If makes.more you weeks. three or in two acquired subof these knowledge needed much readily digestible too. for enriching something read yourself make obtained. jects be can will you day, every fifteen minutes least at "Junket"Rennet all grocers". At husband, her to said friend of mine Already Powder—Six sweetened. flavors.'favorite three weeks. And after A it automatically do

Vanilla Chocolate Lemon Orange Raspberry Maple asandtheas habityour pleasuregrows, yourgrows,pleasureyour personalgrows "I "Iwishhaveyouhadhada hobbya hobby!"for years,"her

"Junket"Tablets Rennet ity expands. replied. husband // '\ sweetened. Not sugar, Add

it?"is asked. Virginia "What flavor to It taste. 12 rennet true. is can this I to know happen

tablets in package; each tabthe husband dear!""Reading, my to It happened to me! or to you happen let 4 or 5 rennetmakes &0** her. told custard desserts or than more husband. a pint of ice cream. gromy At interesting, better, more so what And effect into rationing came gas cers druggists. and When one can now hobby needed more and spending many ourselves found and we

inworth-while, reading acquire than us, of in home, many our evenings own not having a hobby or not having acformative books? Isn't it true that "a

judgment is no better than his inman's of reading, habit delightful the quired '? formation after evening of having in danger were

adviser reader's library has a Every purposeless. dull and evening grow RENNET reading of course is to plan glad a of these men who husband was My pOWPER m in as to dark the are in case for you you business are there of whom many—aone

begin. to how interest is work. chief executive whose

He enjoyed the magazines most men By reading we become not only more but to ourselves, we become newspapers interesting the read thoroughly read, person, one. type of a more dramatic currentevents the or two of and one

type of weeklies and very occasionally who expresses himself ably and well, of good a advantages the added with milkdes- a book. sertWartime of world knowledge and a vocabulary gCDCCIfflJCCa er. "Mother.s and recipes* Dietffoid-"I ice creams;Whatfor Aboutdelicious also helpfulMy With his highly sensitive makeup,

Polks."'Junket'"The

Laboratory, Chr. Hansen's Inc., Dept. 72. and quick, active mind, he could have needs today.

Little Falls, N. Y. (In Canada. Toronto, Ont.) 'developed a great deal of restlessness,

Please recipes send wartime and chil- I free For of jitters. first class case even a diet folder. dren's

unto conducive is WASTED TIME? anything this i there more paste (Just postcard coupon on

than serenity of lack and and add your name and address.) y happiness a By Ruth J. Devereaux to idea what of time no and great deal

it? with do

a meeting At of a book club to which TheAndpostmanI, withbroughteager fingers,my magazine

I belonged, a popular book was menQuickly sought to find tioned as "a book your husbands would The page wherein the heart songs "Mining and like."Tell such dreamy thoughts

these of mine. farming go SAYS I asked my husband whether he As

in in it. hand halfheartedly hand Utah. buy like to read He We would fast it seemed, Moments flew—too of the much of I products the time next would. that The done; he said should I be which had work For

farm and find farmers some emseveral tots, little get the to library, the has to two one For went who in ployment mills mines, Utah's to clean, the rooms make, time, to beds I the of most The on hand keep books and smelters during off their till is done. verse work read scarce Would it. for I asked season."

a splendid of the beginning That was period reading. of Over a course of a And mind,then the thought flashed through my

year my husband has read sixty of the As if in recompense for wasted time, finest, most informative, and worthWhat good is time, while books to be found in our public If from within its swiftly moving train libraries. We cannot glean those rays of light

He has discovered a particular interWhichIf only feedbut athebit heartof rhyme?

est in political economy and has become a brilliant conversationalist on this subThe thought had passed

METAL MINING INDUSTRY ject. If a subject is well known to you, The verse I read

OF UTAH you can't help but talk interestedly and In half the time I made my bed!

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LUSCIOUS TRY THtS

Josephine B. Nichols MRMAL**W'T FEBRUARY PARTY MENUS AND nc/pe! RECIPES

Birthday A Lincoln's irUeei tip delicious, from Margie! Take a Use

Lobster Cocktail Durkee's blended Troco MargarTAOCO smoothly Broiled T-bone Steak It's ine. an by improved process made that OLEOMARGARINE Mushroom Sauce pure, nutritious the Is churns vegetable Dinner Creamed Green Peas fresh in right pasteurized the with skim milk

French Fried Potatoes PASTEURIZED... and every pound is enriched with 9,000

Rolls Hard Butter of Vitamin A. SKIM ADDS units 2## Heart of Lettuce Salad with ITS Russian TO GOODNESS SPREADCOOK- BAKE -FRY Dressing

Macaroon Custard Pie Valentine Luncheon marmalade Biscuit Recipe

Chilled Loganberry Juice sifted cups 2 flour enriched in Shrimps Scallop Shells teaspoons 3 sift. baking powder—and mix

Jellied Beet Salad Vi teaspoon salt )Ninetyminute Rolls Butter

V* cup Durkee's Troco Margarine fork, in with until cut—well mixed. of Heart Molds Strawberry Ice Cream

V* cup milk stir (about) quickly to—a soft in enough but make not sticky dough. Little Cakes

Salted Nuts Mints lA cup orange marmalade—see below.*

A Washington's Birthday Dinner Turn out onto a lightly floured board; knead for 30 seconds. Roll dough J-inch

Fruit Cup Cocktail thick; cut into rounds with a 1-inch biscuit cutter.

Celery and Carrot Curls *Put a teaspoonful ofmarmalade of on half the rounds; cover with the remaining

Sliced Baked Ham rounds; press a fork. edges together with Sweet Potato and Apple Casserole

Spinach a la Washington Bake in a very hot oven (450) for 12 to 15 minutes.

Whole Wheat Muffins Butter Serve piping hot with Durkee's Troco Margarine. Makes about 12 biscuits. Pineapple Upsidedown Cake

Macaroon Custard Pie 5 tablespoons sugar $0M/lD..$0 $WT..$0 CO(/AfrjeY'f&$tf/N?lAVOR

5 tablespoons flour 2 egg yolks 2 cups hot milk 14 teaspoon salt Yi teaspoon vanilla 2 tablespoons currant jelly $0Ap&L (DodJtin&A. appiisuL to Yz% pintcup drycream,macaroonwhippedcrumbs

Mix sugar and flour together, add beaten egg yolks well. and mix milk and Add OUR DAY incook boiler double until thick. the Add THE Dr. AND MAN DRAGON, John

sifted salt, macaroon crumbs, vanilla and A. Widtsoe's newest is book, a well.and Cool. mix into Pour a baked pie treasure chest of gospel themes,

shell. Spread top jelly with and with cover to applied the needs and problemswhipped cream. of today. of the Each articles 84

Sweet Potato and Apple Casserole drives... eachhomeis enrichedan importantwith anecdote,lesson

6 mediumsized sweet potatoes literary reference, or homely il- 4 mediumsized apples lustration. Here are a few of the

brown sugar titles:

14 cup water Scholarship and the Book of Mormon 4 tablespoons margarine Repentance

Pare sweet potatoes and apples. Slice, SalvationThe Gift offorthetheHolyDeadGhost

but keep separate. Arrange in alternate The Place of Joseph Smith

Spiritual Eyeslayers in greased casserole. Sprinkle with Missionary The Mormonsugar. with Dot margarine. Add water; The TithePayer's Reward

cover. Bake in moderate oven (350 F.) The King's Image

one hour. You will thoroughly enjoy this interSpinach a la Washington esting and inspirational volume.

4 cups hot cooked spinach x/2 teaspoon salt S2.DD

pepper PILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON=:

1 teaspoon onion juice tablespoons 4 butter or margarine 18 RichardsBD DStreet,KCSalt LakeRAFTCity 1, Utah

Chop hot spinach. Season. Pack into Please send the books checked below:

the andgreased starshaped Dragon Man mold. $2.00 Set boilpan into

selection is always Dr. John A. Widtsoe toing water until keep hot use. to ready giftworthy occaany Evidences Reconciliations and $1.85

plate. serving a onUnmold a small sion.appropriate—onA BOOKCRAFT Stand Dr. A. John Widtsoe

flag theAmerican in the center. Gospel Net $1.25 Garnish with D In

Dr. John A. Widtsoequarters of hardboiled hot. eggs. Serve Prince The of Ur...$2.00

Shrimps in Scallop Shells Susa Y. Gates—Leah D. Widtsoe

Payment enclosed Send C.O.D. BOOKCRAFT fat cup 14 STREET 18 RICHARDS Name minced onion cup 14 Address Tel. 4-89S1 City 1, Utah—Salt Lake flour cup 14

(Concluded on page 101) FEBRUARY 1946 99 GEORGE WASHINGTON'S

I\nte5 of Conduct erosfroratdeCamps

a manuscript book which George Though redeployment is thinLatter- this ranks, ning out their fiftyas kept a boy areINWashington to continues meet Saint group day of Conduct."Here seven "Rules left Italy. Front row, in Foggia,

are a few from the list: toDailey,right:HenryVere R.Densley,Bowen, DarwinErwin

Every action in company ought to be Clark,Miller. SidneyBack J.row:Malan,AntonJohnArm-A.

with some sign of respect to those strong,Calder, WendellClark Slade,Gubler,TheoRobertL present. Smith, Harvey Fletcher, B. A.

by John A. of Johnson.—ReportedMiller. courtesy (Photograph, Sleep not when others speak; sit Bradford, Warnes, Elder Arthur

not when others stand; speak not when England.)

you should hold your peace; walk not

when others stop.

Manila, P. I. mental case, afraid to mention the war or

flatterer; neither play with any no Be friends us, afraid and cross but to three and than hundred members More delights that to with. not playedone be have. treat as always they us ones who lovedWe Christ friends of of the Jesus Church

left that the fundamentally are same men in quarthird the Saints of Latterday met will rule pleasant, alike so be countenance All are not Let no your you. men in Philippine held the terly conference to be

serviceman your work. always You know in grave. serious mattersbut somewhat Islands in Fifteen drove Manila. members

treat him. to and how miles present ninety to one hundred and be

Show not yourself glad at the misat the conference. Others came from the Those who come back weak and worldly

fortune of another, though he were your provinces near Manila and from the ships will expect to find you still strong, true, and enemy. in the harbor. faithful. They will desire you to help them

When a man does all he can, though Presented for the sustaining vote of the learnthem, butGod'sofferwaythemandlovehis andwill.understanding,Don't baby

it succeed not well, blame not him that congregation by Harold C. Davis were the and inspire them to once again partake of

the of General Authoritiesdid it. names of the Zion's blessings....—Cec/7 M. Cook. affirmative Church. vote was unamiThe

Be not hasty to believe flying reports mous. B. Orson Goddard conducted the conNielsen and Maxine and Corneliusto the disparagement of any. ference,

solos. organ vocal and Tate furnished J.

Seoul, Korea Ferre, Cornelius Richards, Loren W. not immodest in urging your Morris Be the officers of enlisted Earl Nielsen, Tate, G. and men Maxine Jones, SEVENTEEN

tofriend discover a secret. White, N. Deglas, Thomas Infantry other Woodrow Division Pacific 7th and

Jerome Hartley, and Oliver R. Smith spoke units held a Latterday Saint sacrament

Think before you speak; pronounce during the session of the conference. Remeeting in a former Japanese infantry barnot imperfectly, nor bring out your ported by J. Morris Richards, racks, recently converted into an army

words too hastily, but orderly and dischapel. Twelve cities were represented by

tinctly. the members at the meeting.

learn, to able far as been no As we have Hamelin, Germany his ator speak of you God When other Latterday missionary Saint has work it lettributes, seriously in reverence. be Sisters: Brothers and ear fact In here. of conour done most been

parents, natural and your obeyHonor in gregation attended pride having takes isn't serviceman The homecoming D theyalthough poor. be first the services as on Okinawa Mormon the society and worried. about what much

well. here in Korea, as There, had we for him. nation are or going with him to do Let your recreation be manful, not splendid regular attendance at our Sunday is for ideas to going he what do He hassinful. services night and study Wednesday his the nation. society has and Each man

found of pleasure a great deal We Labor to keep alive in your breast plans and his dreams for the future. ingroups.having debrotherhood assembled, our

that little spark of celestial fire called We expect to find friends and loved ones spite the thousands of miles between us and conscience. who treat us not with kid gloves or like a home. Reported by Paul Millet.

Part of the 312 L. D. S. members

and friends attending quarterly conference at Manila, P.I., Noby—PhotographvemberRobert H.7 7,Richins,7945.

American Fork, Utah, U. S. Navy.

Submitted by J.

Morris Richards, M. 1. A. Group

Leader, Manila.

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner (Concluded from page 99) 1 cup evaporated milk 1 cup water 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce salt teaspoon 34 VICO MOTOR OIL MEANS shrimps 2 cups cooked and cleaned 1 tablespoon minced parsley 1 tablespoon butter l/2 cup bread crumbs Melt fat in saucepan. Add onion, simmer COLD ENGINE SLUDGE

for three minutes. Add flour and blend well.

Add milk and water; cook, stirring constantly until thick. Add Worcestershire sauce,

salt, shrimps, and parsley. Heat, pour into greased scallop shells. Melt butter, add PROTECTION

crumbs. Spread over shrimps. Bake at 450

F. for ten minutes.

Whole Wheat Muffins Every motorist needs protection against cold 1 cup flour engine sludge. If all the water passing out of

l/2 teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons baking powder exhaust pipes of automobiles and trucks in cup sugar brown Y2 the United States in a year's time were con- 1 cup whole wheat flour 1 cup milk densed, it would fill a river bed 25 feet wide, beaten 2 eggs to Los 3I/3 cupcup meltedchoppedshorteningwalnut meats 6 feet deep, extending from New York

Angeles. In cold weather, water condenses

flour, salt, Sift and baking powder; add in the engine and tends to mix with the cranksugar mixed with whole wheat flour. Add

combined milk, eggs, and shortening. Sfcir case oil and the contaminants which are presjust until moistened. Add nuts. Bake in

greased muffin pans in hot oven (425 F.) ent and thus may cause a cold engine sludge

for fifteen minutes. Makes one and onewith the accompanying harmful effects. Sludgehalf dozen.

is dangerous—it can do more damage to your

car than you suspect. Vico Motor Oil resists

cold engine sludge formation to even a greater rloiYiifKmts degree than ever before.

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. can of the ideas None be returned, UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY will receive careful consideration.but each

STATIONS AND DEALERS If children's handkerchiefs are made from scraps of thin print that is left from other sewing they are more easily identified when lesslost at school. guess and They cost my

likeis that will them. your children T. V. **JT***

W., Long Beach, California.

I have found that on days when we have large crowds coming in for extra meals, which puts a strain on our butter rations, Ican manage by making hot meat sandORANGE wiches (beef, turkey, or any meat availSOME LIKE BITTERSWEET!

able) and using either slices of bread, hot rolls, or biscuits, and making hot gravy with the meat fats. Serve with vegetables and

salad. These are very satisfying. Your

family and friends will love them and won't themiss butter.—/. R. U., Lethbridge, Canada.

Here's a good laundry tip for you housewives: Starch your clothes to replace the

protective finish or "sizing"which textile manufacturing gave to your fabrics originally and which is removed from your clothes BitterSweet... cleaT

each time they are laundered. amber color.piquant,

When making candy I find it a good idea delicious flavor.

to grease a freezing tray and pour the candy into it to cool. When it is nearly cool press

the grids down into the candy making nice To complement Roast Beef serve yellow corn meal even squares. Mrs. M. D., St. George, Ut. MENU HIT! mush with TEA GARDEN ORANGE MARMALADE.

FEBRUARY 1946 101.

LETTER FROM BELGIUM

COLOR ADDS To President Thomas E. McKay

Salt Lake City CHARM AND DISTINCTION DearT AM pleasedPresident:to inform you that I have

just received a few copies of The TO EVERY Improvement Era and the official report of the annual conference of the Church SCHEME OF held in the tabernacle last April, and

I sincerely thank you for that very DECORATION interesting Church literature. It will

Englishlot, as well as every in to helpspeakingme a Saint Belgium, convey

our leaders to our members. FOR the MOST the elevated and inspiring thoughts of

EFFECTIVE COLOR ON WOODWORK AND WALLS, THERE'S A BEAUTIFUL EXCLUSIVE COLOR IN 65 West First South BENNETT'S HENRI CHAPELLE (BELGIUM) AMERICAN and Bennett Branches and Dealers MILITARY CEMETERY in Utah and Idaho PAINTS

Up to the present, I have dedicated two military graves of American Saints in Belgium (Military Cemetery of

Henri Chapelle ): Brother Norman A.

Funk of Benson Stake, and (I sent a picture to the family for I had the priviTHE DIRECT ROAD lege to be acquainted with Rex Funk, in his brother, a missionary who wasto Office Work.. the Brother Belgian District) Don L.

L. D. S. business training is ideal for veterans, high school Shumway of Arizona. ( I am unable to

graduates and college students planning business careers. trace the city where he was living in

Thorough courses are offered in shorthand, typewriting, acArizona, but I hope you may find a way counting, and many other essential subjects. New students to locate the family.)

may enter at any time. I know there are several Mormon

boys resting in Henri Chapelle and I am pleased to say that all Belgian graves. brothers'will our Saints honor L. COLLEGE D.S. BUSINESS in for Relatives any service ask may Salt Lake City 1 Telephone 3-2765 Main70 North that way.

FILL OUT, AND MAIL THIS COUPON:;CHECK, is pretty, and, there over country The

College S. Business L. D.

hills see, valleys as far as and you can Utah City 1, Lake Main, Salt 70 North

Please tell me about your day or evening classes; tuition rates; employment servare covered with orchards. At some

hill the the highest distance, of top ice; living arrangements for outof-town students Graduate School High it unfortunately crowned; seems snow rj Remarks: Student College

little or Graduate is not a but more than snow Veteran Name

Rddress - Mature, nonHigh School 18,000 white crosses flowering a huge

Graduate field where are resting so many American soldiers who fought to death so that we may live in liberty.

TWICE as MANY... TWICE as GOOD theInM.I.A.Novembertook last,flowersour youngto our folksAmeriof

in Henri Chapelle and inIN USE for OVER Hmr YEARS canSt. Neuville.brothers

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple With pleasure at your service, I beg sore throat and other minor mouth to remain, dear president, with my and throat irritations. sincere wishes, respectfully your brothDevignez, erPaul DOUBLEBLADESEDGE SINGLE EDGE 10 MedesJ. Remedy CankerHalls Semailles, 10 for 254 5 for 19< Grivegnee, Belgium Lake City, Utah So. at Salt536 East 2nd Sold by all live dealers

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fascinating... Inspiring

Stories for

Children of All Ages

... 139 of them in one beautifully printed book of 500 pages

in large, easyto-read type.

"A STORY TO TELL Expertly selected by specialists in child trainincludes short tales for character ing of the Primary Association and Deseret

Sunday School Union Board. Parents and building from fiction, mythology,

Teachers find it helpful and entertaining. history, the scriptures and per-

$2<>o sonal experiences.

USE THIS ADVERTISEMENT AS YOUR ORDER FORM

DESEHET BDDK COMPANY "Book Center of the Intermountain West"44 E. South Temple Salt Lake City 10, Utah P. O. Box 958

Please send copies of "A STORY TO TELL"at $2.00 each. Herewith

Name....

Address

FEBRUARY 1946 103 OUT OF THE FOLD KJrotvnierownie AS&iDernice vr toung lady, are you a Mormon

YJmissionary?""No, I'm not. True, I'm a Morrown

mon. The gospel found my father's said, "There's the craziest kid. Even

people in Ireland and my mother's peoon leave he never drinks. The kid

ple in Cape Town, South Africa, and doesn't even smoke. It's funny; you'd

I was born high in a mountain valley in think the boys would call him a sissy,

Idaho. I was a coed on the Utah State but he has more friends than anyone

Agricultural college campus at Logan, else on the ship."

Utah, and I did graduate work under the shadow of the 'Y'at Brigham /hristmas eve I was dinner guest

Young University, Prove I can count * in the home of one of the town's on the fingers of both hands the people most gracious families. Before dinner

I know who are not Mormons. But I'm I gave the timehonored smile and "No,

no missionary. I'm going to Alaska to thank you"to the offer of a cocktail. I

teach high school."was the only one there who did not

The above conversation never did take one. Then the coffee was passed

Smoother, Richer take place. But had someone asked me down the table in fragile china cups.

that question as I stared with awe at the Again I polished my smile and declined.

fading skyline of Seattle, while my By this time my little act was getting to

HOT CHOCOLATE throughsteamer thecautiouslywarinfestedpickedPacificherwatersway bedownratherthenoticeable.table whoA teasingadmiredfriendour

in September 1942, that would have "hands off"policy toward liquor and been my answer. I did not know that tobacco but who saw no sense in our

all of us youngsters who leave the safe attitude toward tea and coffee, spoke

Next time you make your anchorage of our Mormon harbor, to up and said, "Oh, no, Mrs. X., please

her."don't tempt unbelieving the of sea tossed an on be favorite chocolate hot

I alterchurch, to attend Wishing in the missionary going to are world, be 2 parts recipe, use Morning to nearly every church and went every service of day in our nated our Church

Milk and 1 part water. Oh, lives whether we think so or not. in town. The ministers and the Catholic

fine invited to father men. were I was at scripnot might handy be as We lady! what a difference! their their of wives where homes of many hats the ture derby quoting or wear

Morning Milk's finer flaour forebears, but whether we wear served me chocolate cake and ice cream while with argued they me about my of our great armed of one uniform vor, smooth, rich texture the atreligion. all cases, In I found them is clothes, services the world or civilian

make your hot chocolate waiting to pounce upon us with questentive and most respectful toward our so creamysmooth and tions needing answers. These questions beliefs.

I choirs, sang church of the In one serious amusing. or very very be delicious your family will may heard, never tunes whose I had I realize didn't of these songs any But

cheer. facts, so I smiled with the stubborn whose words were strange. It had been

confidence of an army mule when one eight months since I had heard a Morof the servicemen aboard ship laughmon hymn, and my desire to hear one ingly said, "Here's a girl who is going waxed more with each day. Then quite

to Alaska, and she doesn't drink and suddenly I learned of the existence of a she doesn't smoke. I've been in half the Latterday Saint family in town. I

states and never heard tell of such a rushed to the telephone and introduced girl. Isn't she going to have a wondermyself. The result was Sunday School

ful time in Alaska if she sticks to ideals and a baked halibut dinner in their cotlike that?"tage overlooking the harbor.

When I arrived at my destination, a I loved Alaska, and through Alaskanbeautiful town clinging to the sides of made contacts I was destined to be the mountains and overlooking the again out of the fold. Summer found

placid north Pacific, I found I was the me a staff member of a Chicago settleonly Mormon on the faculty and probment-housesponsored children's camp ably the only one in that part of the on the shores of Lake Michigan.

territory. Shortly after, I was sworn into the

I smiled, when not long after my arWACs at Detroit, Michigan. Then I

rival, an attractive and intelligent womreceived from my bishop two small an said to my roommate at a tea, "Miss khakicovered volumes and an activity girl, isn't but a nice seems to be Brown hundred carried card, the kind some by FROM the about moral she fellow a Mormon? thousand members What Church of my

girls. Just service into called of Mormon been had what who HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP isstandards their belief things?"about did end. the before war's My thebishop SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH I to learn I proud roomwas going not tell that on a misthat my was me

10 Rooms Filled With Splendid mate, a nonMormon who had grown sion for the Church. But he knew that

Costumes up in a Mormon atmosphere, had I was going on one, and so did I. And

Insure You TIP TOP SERVICE for promptly enlightened her to our credit. now that it's over, and I look back, my

Your Shows and Operas One night at the U.S.O. canteen, sermons, as were those of most of our

A REQUEST pleasurewhere I ofservedmeetingas ahostess,Utah ladI hadwho theno Churchpreached servicefrom thepersonnel,pulpits or werethe streetnot

Make Costume Arrangements more than two years back carried the corners—they were given every time I

BEFORE ball for his high school team. This said, "No, thank you,"to a proffered

Fixing Date of Performance. pleasantfaced youngster was pointed cigaret, or said, "Make mine milk,

out to me by one of his buddies who please."

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Diesel Engine Department at Robison Machinery Co.

This is one section of the service shop at porated in older machines. These improved

Robison Machinery Co. Here trained meparts are always installed when machines are

chanics, who specialize on engines only, are being rebuilt.

equipped to completely rebuild engines to original factory tolerances and specifications. Yes, you can buy "Caterpillar"equipment

with the assurance that competent service

Close inspection and supervision of each operfacilities are available at Robison Machinery ation insures the highest type of workmanCo. to protect your investment and give you

ship. Special tools, gauges and equipment many years of economical use.

insure precision.

You will never have an orphan when you

Major improvements in "Caterpillar"products buy from Robison Machinery Co. We provide

are usually designed so they may be incorservice for everything we sell.

MACHINERY CO. 245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET

S A IT LAKE C I T Y 1, U T A HROBISO &VirSv,rti'u,VMV*

Engines Tractors Industrial and L D I E S E P I R R C CASE L A AT - EARTHMOVING GRADERS Brooms MOTOR TRACTORS Mowers ENGINES Cranes jw EQUIPMENT SepI Loaders Snow Plows105

FEBRUARY 1946..

ulotithw Stake Vv lelchizedek

f-riedtriood tvleetina and

rf/ontniu J-neitkood edeaderd/iipf rl/leetln'9 Juaaested i Material for (consideration at

As previously announced, the general ** priesthood of the Council committee of -jrebmam <=Leader$kip /neetlnQS that has the Twelve recommended a two hour combined monthly stake Melchizedek

Priesthood meeting and priesthood leaderApproaching and How Can a Quorum Encourage the ship meeting be held. (This does not reConverting the Smoker Gathering and Compiling of Genealogy

place the regular monthly quorum meeting, and it is again urged that a separate monthBy Elder Joseph F. Merrill By Archibald F. Bennett

ly for meeting quorum {It all quorum members this that is suggested material be (It this that material is suggested held, in be except scattered areas widely be clipped consideration the for by quorum clipped consideration the for personby quarterly suffice.) meeting where a activity may service department Church and al at welfare the department February

at the leadership It is February meeting.) first that half the of recommended leadership meeting.)

the meeting, or in such time as is needed it is that important "Cirst every quorum the to of the the stake presidency, convert wisdom approach and smoker be TLTow * clearly his should understand member devoted general to a PriestMelchizedek * challenging efforts * is a in and problem in the as of duty priesthood a bearer temple meeting, presided hood over and conducted to solve should two remember that no it, we

Fielding genealogy. Elder and Joseph work the stake presidency. by All of is are members alike. people exactly one "What

Smith, the of Melchizedek chairman Church the Melchizedek Priesthood adult is and is, memanother man's poison"meat man's unbers of the Aaronic Priesthood are expected fortunately, often too nearly a true statePriesthood committee, has written:

the of married at stands "Every head man this at present meeting. to be In addition the fact of to of a uniform ment admit

is, his his that household, family. immediate to appropriate call, roll exercises, opening Its solving the of solution problem. method

I, for will at instance, stand the head Thus for in recommendations the advancement will challenge the ablest wisest and among of family the of sealing virtue group by my priesthood, reports, etc., general business, us.

instructions and inspirational messages Here are a few general suggestions: for time and eternity, and my children will

to belong will belong me. I the from stake presidency should be given. the worker must have good 1 To succeed,

their family group. My father,to my likewiseparents portion second of the meeting The will judgment, that the tact, confidence job can in

sisters, will to his brothers with and belong comprise the priesthood monthly leadership done, desire to and a sincere be do it with that his father's group, family unit in and meeting. is a meeting This the at which the help. Lord's divine the guidance Under

stake presidency, stake Melchizedek Priestmethod of approach used will always be his father to his father before him—all linked

hood committee, and stake Aaronic Priestwise. together, generation to generation like a

hood committees, can meet with the officers 2. Contacts with the smoker should alchain. So it will be of the righteous from and leaders of quorums and quorum groups, ways be in a spirit of winning friendliness, the days of Adam down—Adam standing

including presidencies of quorums, secreinspiring confidence in the smoker that the at the head as Michael, having authority taries, committee members, group leaders, worker's only desire is to be helpful. and jurisdiction over his posterity in this

family large the kept group have comwho class instructors, bishoprics, Aaronic ward 3. individual study Next, each smoker

is that of the order mandments God. Now Priesthood general secretaries advisers, and his learning a of with about personview

. the of priesthood. with special for a department those not ality, dislikes, likes, his faith the in Church

in his the of. a famiduty. man own "Now called in to leadership foregoing of the one its his affability, teachings, willingness and

is his ly to that wife are he sealed see and is groups. to Separation a be on had to fellow his cooperatively with men, work

altar. If in at the the out married world (not basis. departmental quorum) There etc. attitude responsibilities, toward

if the joined before they or Church, they will departments, as follows: be seven 4. Little quit? to the Does smoker want

in the Church been been have have and for the departments, of Three each one his cooperation. without can done be Hence

it is to that temple, the unable to man's go divisions responsibility the ofproposed and to quit desire a aroused. must be How?

his temple, to the to wife have duty goproposed standing committees, each a. faith, new did or have, has he Remind him

their sealed, to children have him and todepartment be conducted or more one by else not the sealed to he ordained would been have that unit that the to group, family so which Priestthe of stakemembers Melchizedek priesthood, as honest a selfrespecting, and is it intact will that belongs, he so made all to committee,hood attended and be feels certainly by responsibility to he man some is all eternity. continue throughout That the of respective committeesmembers from true to the obligations then assumed. be he

first to himself, the that duty owes a man priests, seventies, eldersthe high and quo- b. or of hundred reasons For more one a

children. his receives his wife, to to and He in the stake. the ofrums (Each member his to that prefer took he but smoking would

this the priesthood. virtue blessing of by course, of presidency attend would,quorum wife the children did not smoke. and And

the department for which he has been made best way to keep them from smoking is to "Then it is his duty to seek his record as responsible in his own quorum. It is sugset the right example. Yes, he will readily far back as he can go and do the same thing

gested that the secretaries meet with the understand that he will be held accountable for each unit. He should begin with his fafact-finding and statistical counselors.) for his example, both to his family and to ther and mother and their children, and his

One special department for the class inhis friends. grandfather and his children, greatgrand-

structors, to be conducted under the leader- c. Remind him he has probably felt relucfather and his children, and have the work

ship, or at least under the direction, of a tant about going to meetings because of his done in like manner, linking each generamember of the stake Melchizedek Priesthabit. Thus he shuts himself off from assotion with the one that goes before. That is

hood committee. In this department teacherciating with his brethren, his sincerest the responsibility resting upon every man

training helps and assistance could well be friends, and from engaging with them in who is at the head of a household in this given, lesson material enlarged and develactivities that are helpful and uplifting to Church.... But your responsibility is to

oped, etc. However, it should be borne in himself and to others, thus denying himself do your own work for your own line, going

mind that class instruction and related probthose real joys that the Lord always gives from father to son or from son to father, lems are the responsibility of the member of to those who unselfishly uplift and benefit going back as far as you are able to carry the quorum presidency assigned. their fellow men. this record. When you do that, then you

One department for the stake Aaronic d. His habit is not only harmful to himplace yourself in line, through the fulness of

the receive eventually to priesthood, to the pleasingPriesthood committee, is not but so he the Lord to be attended by self. of fulness of the glory God..the less favors. divine himself of Priesthood committee, worthy stake Aaronic makes

and from each ward, two members of the e. It may be hard to quit but by the exer- "Now, of course, the Lord says that our

bishopric, general secretary, and advisers. cise of his will to its limit he can do so with greatest individual responsibility is to seek

One department for the stake committee the Lord's help which will be given him if after our dead; but as men holding the

for adult members of the Aaronic Priesthe worthily asks for it. priesthood our responsibility is—so far ashood, to be attended by the stake commit- f. The joy of freeing himself from the temple work is concerned-—to teach, to intee, and from the wards, one member of the slavery of tobacco will be more than worth struct, to persuade, to prevail upon men and

bishopric. {Concluded on page 117) all it costs. women who are not inclined to take ad106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. MerrillHPriestWCONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE Splendid, Idaho!

B. FIELDING A. CALLIS, SMITH, TWELVE CHAIRMAN; HAROLD CHARLES is organization there an—JOSEPH Idaho Tn

E. G. LEE, EZRA E. TAFT BENSON, KAY, CLIFFORD MARION ROMNEY, THOMAS MC * Civic Allied the "Idaho as known R. LEVI SONNE, YOUNG, EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE ALMA WINS are of which Forces,"members

churches, educational and civic organvantage their of opportunities receive and Biographical Sketches of Quorum formed groups, izations which was and these blessings for themselves, to into go Members of the purpose ago for a few years the temple this they where can work. do

relaenforcing laws good In and of priesthood quorums getting the early days is responsibility That our as holding men the priesthood. It does not make any difin the Church, as in the Nauvoo period, tive to morals and narcotics in the

ference whether we are high priests, sevenmembers of quorums were each urgently restate. Through the efforts of the Civic

to brief. write biographical quested a. ties,. elders. or as want you toward progress considerable men Forces, We

life, his birth, his of giving parentsketch holding the priesthood, sisters the and laborCivic its made. objectives been has

his age, of ancestry, and what known was ing with to you, persuade, to teach, to do beexistence not into Forces came dates of baptism, ordination, confirmation, everything in your power persuasion by time at the did not have Idaho cause filled, missions other and and whom, by and teaching the by the of members Church morals, governing laws good some life. his of incidents important These were to get them to to the go temple to the do

thing that will bring them the fulness of the copied by the quorum clerk into the quoliquor, and other narcotics, but because glory of God."rum record book, and many of these volthese laws were often flagrantly vioin the preserved are Hisumes Church now strong is case lated, the where always as Since, then, each bearer the of Melchizeoffice, torian's priceless providing data now for continually efforts are not made dek this Priesthood has twofold responother place. a custom in no Such trace his shows Experience their enforcement. ancestry own and do obtainable sibility—to profitably could revived each and be memthe temple for their work them families, their and stick officers "will not enforcement to of a ber could encouraged be quorum to and teach and his encourage fellow quo- a are unless backed they out"by necks life his record similar of write ex- a own to rum members the is do imporciti- same—it sentiment. Let public good strong is perience. through easy This made now tant to this know can how be done most fact. this in forget a obtainable already zens prepared blank not and effectively.

printed form known as the "Personal RecThrough persistent efforts made in

Your Personal Family Record ord"sheet. Some of these could be read in the name of Civic Forces during the last

class, particularly experifaith-promoting years, and new laws amended some few Each man's responsibility begins with to others. ences as a stimulus Idaho. Efstatute the books of are on himself his and own family. Hence each

should compile personally, or perhaps have Guidance in Research forts toward enforcement have been some member of his family prepare on the and are being made, but usually, as standard family group sheet, a record of Quorum members should be impressed would be expected, against the opposihis own immediate family. This will inwith their responsibility to engage persontion of lawless elements and symparesearch, in genealogical the tracing out clude himself as husband, his wife, all ally and thizers.

lines their families ancestral as of shown in their children birth. order of In every into are prone people good Many chart. far their pedigree a on from Those Melchizedek Priesthood group ward there enrelative to the making activity and this library to unable themselves should and do at least be one the of member quorum

particuin general, of laws forcement for to the others should employ do work service Church is committee a who member of the ward genealogical committee. It is a them. If the quorum members live in reasonlarly those designed for moral uplift.

part of his duty to know how to keep a propable proximity to a genealogical library Reasons for this attitude are apparent to er family record. This member, or another they might organize regular visits for the all keen observers, but from the standlibrary. in the research of purpose qualified Many person has specialized in who rarecitizenship they are of point good

activeorganizations family to belong and helping other this persons in regard, could of justifiable. duties if ly, ever, The ly in the its research family with cooperate invited to be bring sample his pages from governof citizenship in our form good its efforts reto centralized contribute and family own record and give a demonstraper- are demand ment is It is desirable. highly fund. tion This search in class showing obligatory—they has he how out made

his own family group, how the information suggested further that a fourpage circular formance. Laws do not enforce themis to be arranged, and what facts are reentitled, "Vital Research Pointers,"be disselves. Every one who desires peace,

quired. He will explain that an individual's tributed to members of the quorum. These security, and good government should

will be provided family record should include first his own his desires manifest by actively free on request by the make

Society. Genealogical immediate family, the all of family groups supporting up enforcement and backing

married descendants, the and family groups sheriffs, police, prosecutors, officers, Service all Stimulus of Temple of The forefathers the different on ancestral etc. sentiment, courts, public lines. should next demonstrate He pedi- a

atthe the of more members quorum The Forces the Civic so movement And chart, gree also and he display may por- a their will the greater tend the temple, be in and should trait Idaho be commended pedigree the showing likeness of each their to of desire kindred have names own all ancestor. this that In residents of demonstration, supported by good attention

for to go. Therefore, they quowork when properly called may be to the is this If individual done, state. widely well and for class the at attendance temple and rum card membership for kept every member distinction the well secure Idaho may in also with endowments, connection and of the the clerk. ward by ward arrangeBy in state clean the morally being of most indirectly the increase will groups, ment, of the members at sealing quorum meet may for genealdesire America. and gathering compiling appointed an time with the clerk ward and

ogies. his records, membership their and check Did: General What A family records against these membership Demonstrations and Class Quorum the 20, 1945, wires /"ver December to cards obtain missing birth, dates of baptism, ordination, etc. the public occasions printed in the where news, came On the year and throughout At intervals

this has the been done records ward Sir press, that Field appropriate Marshall have especially Bernard with in connection materially assisted quorum members, qualified and lessons, persons be brought the may of L. Montgomery, commander

personal family records have supplied many the to varithe demonstrate before quorum in British occupation zone Germany, missing for dates the clerk. ward research. of keeping record ous and phases parpress attended an American camp

the of instructions the Members docrequiring emphasize quorum Such may more ty. report said further broke "he The detailed assistance this intrinal the for family purpose work, appointments make may

rule his after p.m., out staying 9 by own with of the this members in to terest ancestry genealogical appeals and ward comhow..."cigarets. refused but he and wines mittee visit to as the teachers world, the throughout genealogists give home and and

further explanation and instruction on the joy that comes from helping others! Similar All who kept informed relative to

preparation of family groups and pedigree demonstrations may profitably be given in progress of the war on the fightin charts. (Concluded on page 108) (Continued on page 110

FEBRUARY 1946 107 set apart the MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD secretaryQuestionof 33:the quorum?Who should

Answer 33: The presidency of the quo-

{Concluded from page 107) and pictures of officers, of entertainments rum, under the direction of the stake presithe quorum department of the monthly stake or excursions are thus preserved and an dency.

priesthood leadership meeting or again, as extremely interesting and valuable record in the case of high priests, at their monthly can be built. Question 34: Who should set apart the

quorum meetings. In the keeping of minutes, definiteness is secretary of the group?

important. How much better it is to give Answer 34: It is not necessary that the

Quorum Quarterly Projects the subject of a lesson a title that describes secretary of the group be set apart.

the the material discussed to nature of than

It is further for 35: that set should suggested every Question apart the Who give lesson merely a number. Perhaps you

period, of threemonth elder's president his be an quorum members quorum counand familiar story are the of with a who man first specific given selors? the a assignment. For meeting sacrament from and came home quarter his each 35: to stake. asked the presidency prepare of be may Answer The this wife, his asked spoke by was "Who record. family the assign group however, of second may, For Theyown a member replied, evening?""Brother Jones."He quarter his this. chart. the pedigree third to the council of 21 high (See For do p. did she about?"he "Well, speak what his quarter personal record. be Instructions, 17, 1944.) may Handbook No. of He asked.

either toasked research perform personal "Sin,"answered. he

his lines family contribute for or fundson set 36: should Question apart Who it?"she did "Well, about he say what

it the ashaving for fourth done project the priest high leaders? group again. asked

officers quarter. could check Quorum upon 36: leaders be not need Group Answer it."agin was "He the being assignprogress these on made set is apart. position, Theirs appointive an tell It is to spoke, while worth what who at intervals. regularments the direction they labor and of under the thought about, about spoke he he and what

By means such as these each holder of his subject. For instance, if the minutes quorum presidency. This is also true of

the Melchizedek Priesthood may intelligentstate that the lesson was on "Baptism,"it is group leaders of seventies or elders.

ly and effectively fulfill his responsibility not clear. If the minutes state that the lesson

to himself, his family, and his kindred dead. was on "Infant baptism,"or "Baptism for Question 37: Who should ordain elders?

serviceTemple and research are primarily or immersion,""Baptism the dead,"or by 37: Ordinations perare Answer to be

priesthood work. better the understandof something kind, a the formed under presistake direction of

ing is had of what took place. dencies, preferably at a regular quorum

The Secretary Review your minutes and records for meeting, in harmony with the instructions if questions could the past see year and in contained Handbook of Instructions No.

that (It is suggested this material a be naturally arise them, from which with 21. 17, 1944, p.

considered in the factfinding and stalittle in resulted defcare have more would tistical department It privilege at the February initeness. secreto be a is a 38: Question of elders new quorum A leadership meeting.) nations Civilized record keeper. tary and a has recently stake. organized been in our

particularly the the of people have Lord and all in of the reside members The quorum secretaries or should be quorumGroup people. recordkeeping been always a One Is one ward. correct understanding our for fitness their ability to chosen and the features distinguishing the of between that a covers only quorum one when ward records. systematic shouldkeep be They the presthe Lamanites and was Nephites still they in organization, have a group the proper appreciation imofand have the records Nephites. of ervation by addition to the presidency, with quorum of carefulportance record painstaking and completethe accuracy, neatness, and Let the leader conducting the class group expriesthoodkeeping. or group quorum A reflect of minutes you, records ness your and ercises at each during the meeting month responsibility, great carriessecretary as a feel towards love the you and and is except the meeting, the sacrament which all are entrusted others quowithdo who the and Lord's promise joy work. you at devotionWe the meeting quorum and which quorum records.rum this. satisfaction as do you president presides? the secretaries selected are by Quorum

presidency of the quorum with the approval Answer 38: No. Your understanding is

of the stake presidency. The secretary of not correct. A group is a part of a quorum

is also selectedthe group by the presidency in consultationof the quorum, with the (cJue5tion,5 and v/ndu/erd andmore existsthan oneonlyward.whereTherea quorumis no needcoversfor

group leader and bishop. a group organization where a quorum is

The secretary of the quorum is set apart Question 31: What is the recommendaconfined to one ward.

supervision, of under program the new entire the the tion of the the presidency membership quorum Where quorum underby to assistants group having towards leaders, resides presidency. withindirection of the stake ward, It is not is a one each meeting

necessary that the secretary of a group be particularly in the case of very large groups quorum meeting, but one meeting of the set apart. of high priests? month is designated as the monthly quoIt is not our purpose to list here the books Answer 31: This question is a recurring rum meeting and is particularly a business

and forms available to help in the important one. We have previously answered that a meeting.

work of quorum and group secretaries. Each group leader does not have counselors. In a group organization it is proper to

it is large in permissible is groups refersecretary already as provided with this inHowever, to the leader the group leader—not

assistants, leader for the group to have two material. president.formation or as and as chairman The group

secretary. as well as a before secretary leader are sustained and the the mile"second "goes who A secretary

It should borne in mind that officers of be the group, but are not voted upon in ward in his gold."is literally weight "worth Such

a secretary prepares an agenda or outline the quorum consist of a president and two conference, for they are not ward officers, of business to be considered at the presicounselors; (in the case of the seventy's and act without being set apart.

dency council meeting; makes minutes of quorum, seven presidents and a secretary)

the direcleaders are selected under group 39: priesthood Question Has the general the ofthe decisions minutes made, makes

It is desired presidency. tion of the quorum concerning committee recommendation made read business, the minutesunfinished and has

approved so that there is proper followthat they be not called chairmen or presithe secretary of the stake Melchizedek up on decisions, and thus good intentions dents, but group leaders. Priesthood committee?

are carried out into good accomplishments, In this connection, we remind you that Answer 39: Yes. It is recommended that

and progress is made. the three standing committees are quorum each stake Melchizedek Priesthood comMinutes and records have value only if committees, and it is not intended that there mittee appoint a committee secretary, who

used. Often they are not used because the be standing committees in groups. The should preferably be the stake clerk, or

contents are not of very much worth and group has representation usually on the assistant stake clerk, said secretary to are not vital. Minutes should consist of a quorum committees. maintain contact with group and quorum

secretaries checkas of obtaining, a means of dealgreat besides conaccount an who is proproper 32: the Question What ing, annual, quarterly, transmitting and and lesthe prayed, andducted, gave who who selection in the of a Melchizedek cedure all Priesthood of other reports Melchizedekson. sethe secretary? Also Priesthood quorum stake. the within quorums of period over minutes a a quorum The of lection of secretary? a group

inthe history the of record quorum,years cluding changes in officers, ordinations, adAnswer 32: The presidency of the quoQuestion 40: The new outline for "Supervancements, deaths, important decisions, an rum selects the quorum secretary with the vision of the Melchizedek Priesthood,"unaccount of projects and accomplishments, approval of the stake presidency. The presder Section 7, "stake Melchizedek Priestetc. idency of the quorum also selects the group hood committee"states: "We recommend

Ofttimes a scrapbook or album is kept secretary, usually in consultation with the that this committee be composed of a memto make a more complete history. Clippings group leader and bishop. (Concluded on page 116)

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Xaroviic -fxksthoob CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY Jyow Lsne vSidkop Jfntroduced the cLatterdau J>alnt

MARCH 1946 Note: This course of study is predirection pared Presidthe the under of P. and "Dishop informed to as Charles the called was adviser Maughn

ing Bishopric presentation during for the appointed counselors, and bishopric to East Layton by be Ward, the monthly meeting youth ward of the responsible for the Stake, proshe introduced the group Davis in which leadership to bish'North conducted the be by opric in each ward. Members of the gram to the girls and the girls to the was included. Thus the adviser was ofward Aaronic Priesthood committee program in a most fitting manner. ficially introduced to each member of

and of the ward committee for LatterAfter effecting the ward organization her group and each girl informed and day Saint girls are expected to attend as suggested, the bishopric wrote a pergiven notice as to her place in the prothis meeting. sonal letter to each girl, highlighting gram.

—'pFFECTiVEconscious.ChurchThey workersthink of area lessonpeopleor thecial objectivesattention ofwasthegivennew program.to a detailedSpethisTheplanPresidingto bishops Bishopricwho have notcommendtaken

a meeting not as the ultimate end of their explanation of the duties of the adviser some official action to bring about the labors, but simply as a means of touching and of the relationships which should desired relationships and mutual underthe lives of people for good. They even exist between this officer and each memstandings between the girls and the

think of themselves as a means of helping ber of her group. In each case, the girl advisers.

boys and girls understand and live in harmony with the principles of the gospel, that they might have joy.

In our discussion last January, we were HBP:

:;: encouraged mm.

sonality of each to keepyouth—toin mind rememberthe entire perthat

he or she brings feeling, thought, fear, hope, and memories into his Church activity as much as he does into school, play, or family life.

Last month we began our study of the whole nature of youth. These questions

were raised: What are boys and girls like?

What things are fundamental to their nature? How can we best adapt Church activity to the nature of the boy and girl so

that they will like it and so that it will satisfy them? We then considered one

fundamental, neverto-beforgotten characteristic of people, namely, that they are born to function. Like water in a canyon

stream, they will "flow"in one direction or another. Our job as parents and Church

workers is not to block off activity—something quite impossible anyway—but to direct it into wholesome channels consistent

with Christ's teachings.

provide ward must a rich program The if it for of activity its youth means to hold will longBurleybe Stakeremembered.Aaronic GirlsPriesthoodof correspondingcommittee agesstagedwerea invitedsocial forto attend.Aaronic ThePriesthoodcrowd ofmembersthree hundredwhich

them. What kind of activity shall it be? and twentyfour young people and their leaders are shown in the two photographs above. Nine wards

function. allstake participated in the the Aren't youngsters on go all the time

is Aaronic of the stake chairman Henry Blauer Priesthood committee. William Roberts was in charge well ask? anyway, one might social. of for arrangements this outstanding youth

A story may illustrate the type of activity most appropriate to the Church. A first

son was born to a couple. When he was ence in service, in giving of themselves to their job. Work Saturday afternoon or all

still toddling, the grandfather said to the learn the joy of making others happy? evening. Make it a spring tradition.

father, "Franklin, as soon as the lad is able, Here is one suggestion. It is spring. There This little project has several values behave him shine your shoes."are widows, sick and afflicted, old couples, sides the job of service. People need help.

"Why,"replied the young father, "I have and families with fathers away who need A leader can get close to young people by been anxiously waiting to shine his shoes."help in house and yard. Let the bishop make working and eating with them. Young folk

"No matter,"said the elderly gentleman; a survey of such people, learn their exact will find a new kind of friendship and broth-

"he will not love you until he does."needs, and assign Aaronic Priesthood quoerhood, if they work and serve together.

The grandfather hit upon a great truth. rums, one or two families each to help. Girls Next month—more suggestive activities We love the people we serve and those to of the Young Women's Mutual Improvefor youth.

whom we give ourselves. Mothers love their ment Association groups or of Sunday

children, not for what the latter do for them, School classes may cooperate in some inSuggestions for Discussion or having stances housework, but doing because they so by and by have do done much of the the thoughts main 1 Review Januin or for buffet the their at children. contrast, child to supper In ready Church a a disleadership ary youth and February

is the for given, is job for the everything workers a when and home whom whom cussions.

is everything done. done, appreseldom deeply

2. activity, for the need what Granted

is ciates nor giver. imneither the experiment an This an girls will love bring kinds and boys a

It idea. this successfully practical to point has worked of Applying our view Church the for gospel and Church?

repeatedly. in less entertainorganization Church work, one time should spend we

of the 3. advice grandfather Evaluate the directions. sure everyare ing time a few planning youth Be more and our Here ways

the related in incident above. arin thing is well planned give to of be challenged which they may

families 4. are there in the for, felto succeed—placestools provided, to their jobs outlined, many themselves ranged the Church and to How

low men. The most satisfying principle of workers assigned appropriately. Be sure it ward who need physical help?

the gospel is service inspired of love. How is well supervised, but in the background, Readings: James 1:2225, 27, and Mosiah

can we lead boys and girls to a rich experiso boys and girls think it is their idea and 4:9-27.

FEBRUARY 1946 109 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

NoLiquor-Tobacco WARD TEACHERS

Column The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

{Continued from page 107) that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with And see fronts know this general was noted, not each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

only for his successes in North Africa And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the for his abstinence also butand Europe, members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

liquor riotous tobaccofrom and and living—an exemplar of clean living.

could said be that as muchWould of all Ward Jeack eri! V(e55aae forfor rvfarctWjarck, 1946 officers in Alliedthe highranking the

services! also ( Seearmed what Thomas "SALVATION FOR THE DEAD"Jefferson page 96.) said, on

A Meeting That Is Different /Questions the teachingssometimesof the arisegospelamongis thethemostLatterdayimportantSaintsand asshouldto whichreceiveof like for a program"\17ould you first an our training according to the are varied attention. Opinions experiand

other that meeting or ""M.I.A. fields. of enthusiasts in their respective ence In the reflections midst of our

stresses antiliquor and antitobacco in let us consider what the Prophet Joseph Smith has to say, "The greatest re- a way that really clicks? It is hard to sponsibility in this world that God has laid upon us is to seek after our dead."

treat this subject in a way that does not On another occasion he said, "Without us they cannot be made perfect nor outwardly preach. This program is a we without them."The significance of his statements is given further emnew way of appealing to an old quesphasis in the message of Moroni to the Prophet during his first visitation

tion that sets an audience thinking, when speaking of the coming of Elijah, "And he shall plant in the hearts without antagonizing them. It can use of the children the promises made to the father, and the hearts of the

as many as twenty young people or as children shall turn to their fathers. If it were not so, the whole earth would

few as eight or nine, and is organized be wasted at his coming."(D. & C. 2:2-3.)

around the theme, "And ye shall know Elijah held the keys of sealing power. He was clothed with the fulness

the truth, and the truth shall make you of the priesthood, and with that authority all things done in the name of free."(John 8:32.) the Lord are made valid. Through this power, sealings may be made in

Things that we see as well as hear God's holy temples for the living and the dead. That which is bound on

are more impressive and more likely to earth is bound in heaven. These keys were committed to the Prophet

maintain interest. The reason tobacco Joseph Smith. Man and woman may now go into the sanctuary of the

has appealed is due partly to the pretty Lord and be united in marriage for time and all eternity. Children born

pictures, the good music, and the sly, under this covenant will continue as their children beyond the grave.

lying statements made about it. In this Likewise, the living may stand as proxies for the dead and have these

program we deglamorize tobacco. We sealing ordinances pronounced with equal effect. Family relationships of

take it out by itself and laugh at it. this nature are never terminated, except by unrighteousness. The faithful

When something is ridiculous, it loses are linked together, generation to generation, from the days of Adam to its appeal. the end of time, to be exalted in the celestial kingdom.

Tobacco, Al Alcohol, and Tobby realize blessings sacrifice these as of the a result Jesus which We real Coffee becomeCuppa persons who for us. incomplete, victory over death His be sin would however, and made

walk up to the stand from the congregaif the redeeming features were confined to the few who have heard, tion. There they speak with Mr. Habit. accepted, and lived the gospel in the flesh. He made no such distinction.

Some habits are necessary and good. While his body rested in the tomb, he went in the spirit and taught the

The habit of paying tithing as soon gospel to those in the spirit world. Salvation to them was also based upon

as the money comes in, saves one obedience to his laws and ordinances. How then are they to obey his manmuch arguing with himself as to how date without our help?

much and whether or not he should. Baptism, ordination to the priesthood, and the temple ordinances

When man uses habit this way, he is are necessary in order for man to attain the most lofty height of personal if master, allows it, habit the but he exaltation this kingdom. in God's achievement and must do work We guest, enters as a the the house becomes saviors vicariously for kindred dead our and thus become upon Mount

host, and finally the master. The audiZion. There is no time for further delay. Neglect defeats our opportunity

ence is invited to see what happens to become perfect and delays the same sacred privilege to our worthy is the master. Habitwhen of the the us follow admonition These charancestors. Let Prophet Joseph when he

acters tell the story to the congregation. as therefore, as a a people, church and as Latterday said, "Let us, and

Each one explains how much he owes Saints, offer unto the Lord an offering in righteousness; and let us present

to habit and admits that habit is his in his holy temple... a book containing the records of our dead, which

master, making each one of them spend shall be worthy of all acceptation."(D. & C. 128:24.)

money he had saved for other things and even choosing his friends. Habit

holds up a thread. Habit is as a single

thread. With a twist of the finger it and can use his arms and body. The son of God, he is tied to a habit. He

can be broken. Two threads are harder first cigaret was taken just for fun or a cannot be free until he takes the threads

to break. Many threads are impossible dare, but each one sends a tiny thread, of habit and cuts them.

to break. Habit says he will demonand as Tobacco talks, Habit keeps Habit explains that there are other

strate on Tobacco. With the first wrapping the threads around until situations that he enjoys, and over

smoke, Habit wraps a tiny thread Tobacco is well tied up. Soon he sees which he is master. Eva Envy comes to

around him. He still has much freedom what has happened. Although he is a (Concluded on page 117)

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bed and straightened out without the least hope of his return to life short of the resurrection day. It occurred at a

time of night when the mother was watching, and his father had lain down to get some rest. Death had been expected, and he was so low that the Qcncaiogy change was but slight indeed. When

life extinct, the that was notifather the and awakened his fact. arose from of theNetherlands Records ordsmanywereimportantdestroyed.and irreplaceable recmotherfiedfullyhimsatisfied He

Preserved theAtvaluableArnhemlibraryeverythingwith itswasliterarysaved collecexcept cot,and andpleadingthroughwithhisthefaithLord,andtheprayers,spirit which the study workrooms and tions and just reached the to of the child, returned body news hasfooD It down. be called burned the were may

again. lived and he a Nathan, Society"* Genealogical from Holthese firedoors that the miracle between

land. This comes in a printed leaflet rooms and the official archives resisted the

from the Netherlands Genealogical Sodevastating fire as well as the heavy bomciety, Nederlandsche Genealogische bardments of artillery.

and Gelce the Leenakten Concerning of states will that they, whichVereeniging they documents, other valuable were to manyshortly obtain to able as paper so be the of safe in the Nederlandsche Handels put this publications soregular ofresume of Association Netherlands Com- (The My

Itciety. that suggests Canadian and safe the only at which merce) was Arnhem

other foreign soldiers with Dutch not blown up by the enemy, and the valunames or those who may have deable contents were saved.

scended from Dutch families, who are The documents of the archives of the interested in doing research for their western part of the country which had been forefathers, should get in touch with the evacuated to the Cannenburgh when it there to safe any longer, wasn't them keepsecretary the of Netherlands Genealoggenealogist over sent to to a were Germany ical (Secretariaat: Society Sumatrascause. the served These there wrong who

). It statestraat fur230, Amsterdam still near in are Rothenburg documents

ther that all records, including parish Kiefhausen, Germany, awaiting the time registers, which were in the state arwhen they will be sent to the Netherlands.

chives before the outbreak of hostilities As soon as this is done all documents will had been placed in various localities in be registered again and research can be continued. Inquiriesthe Netherlands. have been

statistics desiring of vital copies Persons as to done the amountmade of damage cents. present forty used many At to pay

to the during them war. Generally three guilders but NATHAN TANNER, JR. organizations charge up to

speaking, there was very little damage original price of forty trust that the we of the occupation followed Nathan thoseexcept to will cents in Middelburg where soon be resumed. did pioneer considerable most boys and

freighting, mostly from Corinne, Utah, to Butte, Montana. He later studied

located law he where in Ogden, and LIFE OF NATHAN TANNER, JR. as attorney served city alderman and

By his son, Freeman Tanner, after spending a for a number of years. He served in

E. Pingtee Tanner, number of years in California, located the Black Hawk War, his life being

Tanner Family Genealogist in Payson, Utah. He was an expert wonderfully preserved on one occasion

horseman, and carried the championfrom the bullets of the Red Man.

VS 7hen President Young was building ship belt for riding, in California, for a Nathan filled an honorable mission to "* up this great western commonnumber of years. the Southern States in 1884-6 with his

wealth, he was surrounded by many John and Nathan Tanner located in bosom friends, Elias and J. Golden

large families and groups of noble Cottonwood, and their numerous deKimball. During the term of his misveterans, schooled in the experience of scendants are found all over the west sion, mobbings were frequent, and the

Kirtland, Missouri, and Nauvoo. from Canada to Mexico. lives of the missionaries were enAmong these large pioneer families, inThe other sons and daughters of John dangered at times, but Nathan, Jr., had

cluding the Tanners, Kimballs, Snows, Tanner played a prominent part in a very tactful way of handling men, and

Smiths, and many others, none were pioneering the west, under their pioneer on more than one occasion, made more loyal than the children of John leaders. friends with the avowed enemies of the

Tanner in assisting their pioneer leader Nathan Tanner, Jr., the Tanner famiSaints and elders. One time a mob of

in redeeming the desert, and dealing ly historian for thirtythree years, kept from one hundred to one hundred fifty with the Indians. a fine record of the Tanner family, their surrounded a house where the Saints

Sidney and Joseph S. Tanner located travels, and accomplishments. These were. Nathan placed the Saints in the

in Beaver and Payson, Utah, respecrecords were later compiled into a large house so that if the mob shot through tively, after having filled a mission to and more complete record in. book the windows or doors they would not

San Bernardino, California, with their form, by Maurice Tanner, grandson of get hit. He then stepped to the door

brotherin-law, Francis M. Lyman. Sidney Tanner, containing the record and said loud enough for the mob to

Joseph S. Tanner was assigned the of nearly six thousand names, all dehear, "Now bring me the axe. The

mission of bringing Colonel Thomas L. scendants of John Tanner. first man that comes through the door

Kane to Utah when the Saints were Nathan, Jr., was born on the plains of will get it."It seemed that no one

awaiting, with anxiety, the arrival of Iowa, as the Saints were commencing wanted to die; so after talking for an

Johnston's army. He was bishop of their long trek west across the plains. hour or so the mobbers went away.

Payson for many years. When seven years of age, he had a At another time the Saints were notiMyron Tanner located in Provo severe attack of inflammation of the fied that if they did not leave the counwhere he served as bishop for a long lungs, with which he lay prostrate until try in so many days they would be

period and helped found Brigham the doctor pronounced his case hopeless given the death penalty. They came to

Young University. Many of the Tanand gave him up to die. About the time father to find out what they should do.

ner family have graduated with honors set by the doctor (which was not He told them, in the name of the Lord, from the leading universities of the known then to the parents) death that if they would observe Christmas land. came, and his body was laid upon the (Concluded on page 117)

FEBRUARY 1946 111

Moves Ok Qmek Hillside, Temple Stakes into the Haven Ward, with William spirit survives in Utah. Life was not easy

in the early day. vision, But as Tingey H. courage, bishop. and in the part changes southernC weeping industry rewarded; were the desert was Stake, lost Wells The which wards*** Salt of City 13 on Lake January to "rejoice made blossom the and as rose."to Granite, Salt South Lake, and Temthe creation Hillside the ofsaw and seen have immense in the advance We ple stakes, includes the Whittier, now arts sciences since and stakes, state 154th 155th Utah a suchTemple and became

Ivins, Waterloo, McKay, Belveand fifty It years ago. has of wealth resources. aunits of the Church. dere wards. President Thomas E. I still think But that state's the is best asset

Hillside organized from Stake was his Towler and counselors Elias L. the spirit indomitable Day which hardconquered

part of Sugarhouse Stake and consists and Hemming C. Mortensen remain as ship in the past and will sustain a proud

of the Wasatch, Mountain View, the stake presidency. people from generation to generation.

Laurelcrest, Mountaire, and Edgehill The complete reorganization was Very sincerely yours, wards. Casper H. Parker was susdone under the direction of Elders Harry S. Truman

tained as president of the stake with Spencer W. Kimball and Mark E. PeHarold M. Wright and J. Stuart Mctersen of the Council of the Twelve. During the program, State Supreme

Master as counselors. Court Justice Martin L. Larson preTemple Stake was formed from porUtah Anniversary sented pen and pencil sets to Mr. Richtions of Pioneer and Wells stakes, conTtah's fiftieth anniversary as a state ards and three of the possibly seven

sisting of the Salt Lake Fourth, Fifth, was appropriately marked January living members of the constitutional

ThirtiethSixthSeventh, wards and the 4, gatherings by throughout the day and conventionPeterson, Noblewho wereWarrum,present:Sr.,Monsand Stake, from Pioneer BranchMexican with a public mass meeting in the Salt

and Jefferson and McKinley wards from Lake tabernacle in the evening. Louis L. Coray. Mr. Coray responded

the Wells Stake. Adiel F. Stewart, Speakers at the tabernacle meeting for the group.

bishop of McKinley Ward was suswhich was conducted by Dr. E. E. Invocation and benediction were oftained as president, with William F. Monson, Utah's secretary of state, fered by the Most Reverend Duane G.

Perschon, formerly of the Pioneer were: Governor Herbert B. Maw; Hunt, bishop, Catholic Diocese of Salt

Stake presidency, and L. Darral WellPresident George Albert Smith (see Lake, and the Reverend Dr. John E.

ing as counselors. page 75); Charles C. Richards, who Carver, pastor of the First Presbyterian

Pioneer Stake now includes the Canwas secretary of the Territory of Utah church of Ogden. Music was by the

non, Brighton, Redwood, Poplar Grove, and acting governor when Utah became Utah State Guard band, the Salt Lake

Salt Lake, Twentyfifth, Twentysixth, a state; and Senator Abe Murdock who Tabernacle choir, and Harold Haugh,

and Thirtysecond wards, and is offiread this message to the people of the Ohio tenor, who recently sang in the cered by Fred H. Peck, Jr., former bishstate of Utah from President Harry S. annual Salt Lake Oratorio Society's

op of the Thirtysecond Ward, as stake Truman presentation of "The Messiah."

andpresident, with Leland C. Davey Building Beautification I I regret that exceedingly could not accounselors. as They Smith A.Henry the to invitation in attend person exwar-interrupted program of reChild C. Paul Presidentsucceed and cepttended Secretary of State by as HP'he Monson,

counselors William F. Perschon and chairman of the statehood program commitmodeling, repairing, landscaping,

Jesse M. Drury. tee, seconded also by my good friend, Govand beautifying ward and stake properGranite Stake as reorganized includes ernor Maw. But I am sure they and you ty has again been approved by the First

realize [Senator presthe Murdock] heavy larger scale. Presidency an even on Fairmont, Dale, Forestthe Lincoln,

sure of these here days. work to Plans presidencies are stake have formwere wards, whichNibley Park is state entitled great of to The Utah building will supervisor appoint a who Stake, the Granite and of partserly its in pride the achievements during half

details the authoriout with work ward which wards, Columbus andWells all of statehood. century Please to extend

were taken from the Wells Stake. Carl the citizens my hearty congratulations and ties. Members of the building depart-

W. Buehner, former first counselor, warmest personal greetings. ment of the Presiding Bishop's office

was sustained as stake president with I like to believe that the hardy pioneer will aid in the work which will be ex-

W. Howard Allen, former second

counselor, and C. Laird Snelgrove,

bishop of the Lincoln Ward, as counMISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME DECEMBER 3 AND LEAVING DECEMBER 13, 1945 selors. They succeed President Lorenzo H. Hatch who had as his counselors presidents Buehner and Allen.

The reconstructed Sugarhouse Stake is composed of the Emerson, Bryan, and Sugarhouse wards, formerly of that stake, and the Hawthorne, Marlborough, and Richards wards, from the

Granite Stake. President Thomas M.

Wheeler was resustained as president of the stake, but received new counsel-

B.ors, Elbert Frank and R. Curtis

left to Reading from succeed H. CasperMatheson, who P. Julian, Beverly Baby Annright,Julian,first Donrow: B.BerthaColton,Luelladirector;Byington,Mrs. LeonCreedN.Haymond,Byington, Mrs.AlbertaFlorenceBeebe,AllenUla

Celestina V. Villalobos. Cheney, susParker Wright, Harold and M.

row: Second Martha first president counselor astained and Harris, Dr. Ara Creed Haymond,J. G. Albrecht,Selar E. Cheney,Valborg SamJ. McGregor,Cockayne.Austin Beebe, Kenneth M. Julian, William

of the Hillside Stake. Third row: Robert Albrecht, John J. McGregor, Annie H. Bishop, Edyth J. Hansen, Bernice Chard,

The South Salt Lake Stake received Dott FourthLowder,row:JosephPhyllisS. Morris.Redmond, Afton J. H. Van Limburg, Grace Caldwell, Clarence J. Dangerfield,

part of the Columbus Ward, formerly OliverFifthJ. Sorensen,row: WilliamMary E.Shaw,Holfeltz,Ruth LouiseGeorge Steinfeldt,A. Mangum,JuneBenLaPrielF. Homer,Lund. Ruel Mickelsen, J. W. Oakley,

of the Wells Stake, which was immediMervin W. Howard.

ately organized, together with part of SixthSeventhrow:row:GeorgeNewellC. Laney,Lee Layton,JosephHaroldWilliamN. Wilkinson,Pugmire, RayR. P.S. Mclntire,Bishop, M.JohnJ. Miller,Reed Parrish,Neil OscarFrancisNewell.E.

the South Salt Lake's Burton Ward, Griffin, Wilford W. Clark.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tended to the stakes and missions of the The presentation in the Salt Lake Mammouth Branch, SantaquinTintic

Church. Tabernacle of the pageant, "The MesStake, Glen L. Larsen succeeds James

Toone. the pageant sage of was Ages."The

Seattle Stake, Central Ward, TacomaDr. Horris folthirty for originally presented days succeeds Harris Franklin H. Howard

in r.1 the of centennial the Church lowing Franklin S. Harris, president of Brown.D the Utah State Agricultural ColApril 1930. It will be revised and Peoa Ward, South Summit Stake, Allege, Logan, and former president of brought up to date to emphasize the bert H. Marchant succeeds G. Reed MarchBrigham Young University, has accoming of the Saints to Utah. ant.

Stake, Southern Arizona Bisbee Ward, mission assigned a governmentcepted

Peterson. succeeds E. S. Henry McRae Jack Conventions School will take him Sunday theto which MidEast, Stake, Price RonPanaca Ward, Nevada 13, and continuing eginning January Iraq, Syria,into TransJor- Lebanon, succeeds Sprague. Harvey nowdania, SaudiArabia, and Egypt. The B through May 19, members of the Pocatello Third Ward, West Pocatello

purpose of the mission is to help these general board of the Deseret Sunday Stake, Vernal H. Wardle succeeds Myron

countries establish agriculture departSchool Union will hold Sunday School L. Western.

ments, experimental stations and extenconventions throughout the stakes of East Mill Creek Ward, East Mill Creek sion work, and install agricultural dethe Church featuring the theme "Using Stake, H. Leroy Erickson succeeds Lamont

partments in schools. materials effectively to enhance spiritual B. LoganGunderson.Square Ward, Chicago Stake,

growth."Henry Duncan Weaver succeeds Ariel L.Relief Society Incorporates Williams.

'"pHE Relief Society general board North Rexburg Stake *"signed articles of incorporation durnpHE one hundred fiftythird stake of Excommunications ing the week ending January 1 2, giving the Church, North Rexburg, was Martin Leslie Barnett, born April 18, that organization legal life for another organized October 28, by a division of 1910, deacon. Excommunicated Dehundred years. The Relief Society the Rexburg Stake. The new stake is cember 4, 1945, in McKay Ward, Wells

was previously incorporated for a fiftymade up of the Hibbard, Newdale, Stake.

19, born September Newell Baum, Hawsyear period which expired four years First, Salem, Piano, Rexburg seventy. Sugar 1905, Excommunicated Decemberago. is officered City, and Teton wards, and 10, in Pleasant 1945, Sharon Ward, View

president, P. Mortensen, Orval by and Stake.Welfare Appointments C. Flamm and Edwin Leon M. Strong Kenneth W. Boyce, born April 12, 1916,

'T'he First Presidency has announced as counselors. deacon. Excommunicated October 23, 1945,

the appointment of Clyde J. Brown, Remaining in the Rexburg Stake are in Rigby First Ward, Rigby Stake.

Boise, Idaho, farmer and financier, to the Archer, Burton, Independence, LyBernhard Braun, Jr., born March 17,

1909, deacon. Excommunicated November committee the general First,membership on the Second, man, Rexburg and

14, 1945, in Brookyn York Ward, New Elder program. welfareof the Church President Peter wards. and Third J. Stake.

director of the Emmett president. stake was the continuesBrown as Ricks George Emack, Malcolm Jr., born March

project of the Church welfare program John L. Clarke succeeds Arthur Porter 27, 1907, elder. Excommunicated December

of several years ago in which a number as first counselor, and Charles G. 21, 1945, in St. George South Ward, St.

of Latterday Saint families were reThomason succeeds Oswald ChristenGeorge Stake.

habilitated and given security on a farm sen as second counselor. The organizaWilliam Cecil Epling, born October 23,

project near Emmett, Idaho. tion was under the direction of Elder 1908, elder. Excommunicated December 9,

in Stake. Pittsburg 1945, Oakland Ward, H. Hatch Lorenzo Child and C. Paul Fielding Council Smith of the Joseph

born Herzog, George November James general the to also been namedhave of the Twelve. teacher. 9, 1918, Excommunicated Decemhas been Child Presidentcommittee. in 4, 1945, Stake. ber Ward, Wells McKay Bishops, Sustained Branch Presidents the of Pioneer president asreleased 16, Kinder, born H. Harry December

Stake, and President Hatch as president Taylorville Ward, Alberta Stake, 1912, seventy. Excommunicated December

of Granite Stake. Both men have been Merlin J. Steed succeeds DeVerle 24, 1945, in St. George Center Ward, St.

long active in Church welfare work, Lowry. George Stake.

President Child serving as vicechair- Alpine Ward, Alpine Stake, Orion J. Clyde Homer Knold, born November 14,

priest. 1881, Excommunicated November Burgess. succeeds Burgess Edward W. Salt the of 1936 from Region Lakeman

Stake. 18, 1945, Oquirrh Ward, in Magna Stake, Beaver AnBeaver East Ward, chairPresident 1944.to Hatch became

Lucille Livingston, 18, Clara born March succeeds drew Woolsey. Mark J. Terry in 1944. Salt the of Region Lakeman in in 1945, 1918. Excommunicated HayStake, Beaver Beaver HyWard, West

Stake President rumMinersvilleSteffens succeedsWard, BeaverD. EdwinStake,Paice.SherwardJinnieWard,Fay OaklandLivingston,Stake.born August 16,

T-Jenry Ray Hatch has been sustained man Carter succeeds J. Delos Baker. 1914. Excommunicated in 1945, in HayStake. Stake, Oakland University Chicago R. ward Ward, Ward, of the president Idaho as North

Norvell, Fredricks born February succeeds A. Matis. Henry Vance Wendell Emma PresidentFalls Stake succeeding David

7, 2, 1902. Stake, 1945, VinBunkerville August Excommunicated Ward, Moapa

secformerlySmith. Grant M. Andrus, St. in St. cent Austin Hunt. Leavitt succeeds South George George Ward,

counselor, A. has succeeded Josephond Stake, Stake. East Moroni Ward,

r. as first counselor.Brunt Reuel Nielsen succeeds N. NielBertrand A. James Nephi M. Reynolds, born May 5, 1878. MoroniW

sen has succeeded President Andrus as Child's. Excommunicated November 13, 1945, in

second counselor. President Smith, the Benjamin Ward, Nebo Stake, Francis G. Ogden Thirteenth Ward, Ogden Stake.

retiring president, retains his position as Wride succeeds Heber E. Hansen. Mary Ella Reynolds, born November 20,

president of the Idaho Falls Temple. ElderBrighamStake,CityJamesThirdJensenWard,succeedsNorthEberBox in1889.OgdenExcommunicatedThirteenth Ward,NovemberOgden13,Stake.1945,

Utah Centennial Celebration hartStorrsZundel.Ward, North Carbon Stake, Grant ExcommunicatedEmma Panama Rice,Novemberborn June28, 23,1945,1870.in

HpHE Church has proposed two proj- B. Jensen succeeds Sterling C. Forsyth. Mission Park Ward, Pasadena Stake.

Sanpete South Fairview North Ward, Saville, 30, Douglas born March LeRoy for ects the 1947, of summer when succeeds Stake, Rigby Heber Howard W. in in 1905. 1945, Excommunicated Haythe of the centennial of the coming L. Mower. Stake. ward Oakland Ward, into Saints Salt theLatterday Lake Salina Sevier Second North Ward, 12, Dorinda Scorup, born D. November willvalley be commemorated Stake, Christensen A. succeeds LaVon 1881. 1945, 16, Excommunicated December duplicate, Nielsen. erection of P. Niels exact an The in First Salina Stake. Sevier North Ward, Stake, Milford Sparks A. Ward, size, Reno in in of the architectureboth and

1925. 27, Scorup, born December Jean Piggott P. succeeds Humpherys. Elmo the Saltold UniverTheater on Lake in 16, 1945, Excommunicated December Stake, Fernando San Garvanza Ward,sity Dr. of campus. Lowell C. Utah First Stake. Salina Sevier North Ward, succeeds Overlade. Oates Eldon of of ErnestLees, the speech department head Charles born Branch, Stake, Worthen, Fernando San Reseda Wayne W.

is the of chairman Universitythe Utah 5, teacher. 1909, Peel E. succeeds Lund. August A. Wallace Excommunicated John

of the committee studying the rebuildLaSal Branch, San Juan Stake, Merrill November 23, 1 945, Monument Park Ward, ing of the Salt Lake Theater. Stevens succeeds Oscar Jameson. Bonneville Stake.

FEBRUARY 1946 113 OwFUktBobkrack THE ROUNDY FAMILY IN AMERICA known as electronics. It is a field of mar- A brief look at the main divisions will

(Everett Ellsworth Roundy. Published by vels. This book contains a wealth of inindicate the scope of the work, but cannot

the author, Dedham, Massachusetts. formation for the engineer, mechanic, and in any measure substitute for the contents:

582 pages.) student in this field. It is comprehensive, Pacific Races, Mexicans, Oldest Americans,

accurate, Culture Negroes, A. and up Creed. and is history W. a of genealogy the and aHPhis to date.—/.

*- It is is this family. especially appropriate important during Roundy work The PLAYS SEVEN It is interest special talkedwell to period being done. of peace of us and about when Translated Alexander Gorky. ( Maxim by

it in for the that States contains the because planned United a biographical West weis Press, University Bakshy. Yale New setting order. to in his history of dehouse our look Shadrach and own Roundy Connecticut. Haven, $3.75.) 396 pages.

to the did scendants, help C. conquer J. who much—M.

stubborn western deserts. In the words of 7V mong the great Russian playwrights, the

Dr. Milton R. Hunter, of the First Council ** name of Maxim Gorky must feature. THE GENTLEMEN TALK OF PEACE

of the Seventy, who collaborated in the Having died in 1936, at the age of sixty- (William B. Ziff. Macmillan Company,

writing, "It was Shadrach Roundy 's type eight, he lived in the uneasy transition New York. 1944. 520 pages. $3.00.)

frontier the of American opened the period nineteenth century who and between man is the at sociology with reckoned UNLESS to land a helped colonization our and in the Trotsky, make revolution Lenin, and which sciconferences competent peace by "Settlement chapter, nation."their great parts. Stalin the Another played Gorky knew

entists, engineers, and execumanagement genealogy, all in gives a carefullymade trying to classes of Utah,"people were who tives, politics rather career than by power of the history their their withmingled Roundys adjustments to much changing make is the plunging diplomats, headlong world the pioneer reflect their Shadrach. as from descended world. plays problems Hiswho third will a toward sucworld "which war well as as the the of problems A. government W.—J. lid off finally in the ceed blowing and

set political forces the economic and new it splattering pieces against in the walls AMERICAGREATER thirst for to insatiable knowlGorky's work. ceiling civilization."of author and The Bolton. in of Herbert (Essays honor Eugene in spite himself, drove to edge educate him for a realignment of argues dramatic world Berkeley, of Press, California University difficulties, difficulties greatest the of of

politically that powers. believes by He 1945. California. $6.00.) pages. 723 rebel. to tended a which him make five the into united grouping super world

in size, states repopulation, so powerfulDR.historiansBoltonofisthea West.peerlessNotleaderonly amonghas he shortHis stories,first literaryand whenworkshe tookwas theat theformpeakof "it sources, development and would make

discovered and made available a vast body of his success in this field, he turned his international piracy so difficult as presumof new information bearing on western hisattention to drama. ably to rob it of most of its attractions."

tory, but he has encouraged and trained a The translator has carefully laid the The book gives a rich and detailed history regiment of younger historical scholars who background into which Gorky introduced of the causes of the first and second world are revealing unexpected chapters in the his plays: the time when Chekhov was at wars. H. L.

story of America, especially of the west. his height, a playwright whom Gorky vastTo honor their great teacher, twentyseven ly admired; the time of Alexander Blok, the FLIGHT FROM CHINA

of these students have contributed essays to great Russian poet of prerevolutionary (Edna Lee Booker. Macmillan Company,

this volume. The contents really make an days; the time when censorship was so New York. 236 pages. $2.50.)

of section cross readable very excellent and strict his that could of not plays some this lived author in of has China book be HPhe history of early American our knowledge * in Russia. produced for years, learned twenty she has and influence. Dr. R. Milton Spanishunder

its are: included plays to seven the love people. The country and The During of First the of CouncilHunter, a member called himself part lived the that there, of (which time she Depths Gorky she Lower was interesting study contributes anthe Seventy, the Barbarians, Enemies, Bottom"), assigned that special sent reports "At news

title, in the Openthe Mormons "Theunder fifty People, 2,heleznova miles in [Mother), her inthe Vassa thousand Queer around together with Frontier,"theing of Western terior the and of respect Xykovs, has China. Bulychov genuine and Yegor a The She migraof the routesa showing Mormon map

life is for the Others. of Chinese conwhose waytion.—/. W. A to happiness. ducive recently stated Americanized Russian An

FAITH... THE CONQUEROR that if we really wish to understand Russia, Her husband, whose story is told in the

(The story of Jacob Hamblin. By James A. we must not read Tolstoy and Dostoevsky latter part of the book, lived in China for

Little. General Board of the Y.M.M.I.A.—for they do not represent the thinking of thirty years, as manager of a large Ameri1945-46. 165 pages. 25c.) the modern Russian. The same could not can real estate company as well as vice

for writing said is indicative president His be Gorky. largest general the of and manager pocketsize book, twentyfive-centThis feelings that the of in Russians daily have Chinese modern China. newspaper

the for Y.M.M.I.A., published boys by the of present attitude that the Russian and is effective one, unusually book an The literature. in step amarks new government C. J. it as the combining situation does modern maintains.—M. it is every for issuedPrimarily ChurchScouts—but literature, history, the with philosophy and that see to will in want theadult Church NATION ONE of will ancient Everyone enjoy a copy. The in the has Churchevery boy Stegner, of the Editors (Wallace and Look, this reading for will gain much is well by known China.book—and of Hamblinstory Jacob Mifflin Boston. Houghton Company, life his in the C. /. own into read Church previously have reading.—M.those who 1945. pages. 340 $3.75.)

it to available a to newliterature. But make

conveniently thus and inexpengeneration notable service which is asively should Onecomeof theto themostpublicpoignantis thisbooksvolumethat dealhave FLORESTAN(Robert H. Schauffler. Henry Holt and

succeed so conspicuously that other pocketing with the minorities in the United States Company, New York. 1945.

$3.75.)books of the kind will follow for our youth.—where brotherhood, equality, and free574 pages.

Fiction was never more thrilling than the dom are ideals, but where their realization npHE subtitle of this work indicates the extrue story of this great pioneer character falls far short of accomplishment. * tent of the work that the author hasmoving fearlessly among the Indians—and By word and picture, the story of misdone: The Life and Work of Robert Schuwhen we can get high adventure with understanding and intolerance unfolds mann. The author has the ability to treat

truth in a story conducive to faith, we have dramatically, until no one looking into this not only the life of the composer with aureached a high mark thority insight, and with also has he fail to been sorrow and feel shame this haveboys should to his appraise this equal keenwork exist in with great able could in book—andgood reading.read Allit. bookthat suchcouldsituations—R. L. E. country. Surely this book deserves wide ness since he is himself a musician of no

ability. all, mean careful reading consideration and by EQUIPMENTELECTRONIC especially those to and need reby be who in Robert addition to Schumann, being a Publishing ComWalker. Chemical (R. C. in the educated that concept Paul an made composer, critic exceptional an of was pages. $6.00.) Brooklyn,pany, N.Y. 393

... integral of part Christianity: music. "God the states, author As was "He

transformed new world is being all by of hath nations blood one of made men toward drawnTHE. all the the earth. to for to dwell of face be developments in what on has come ideals.."lofty of a thereformer."—M.field of criticismC. /.by the

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. Aa

JOE MEEK, COMPANY TRAPPERVyLrtuaL (Continued from page 91) Rendezvous before either of his partothers formed a circle, the Little Booshners, Smith or Jackson, had arrived.

Wl&A&jajg&A noneway bringingwas lost upor thestrayed.rear toThismakesecondsure trappers,But other hunters,parties cameand Indiantrailingtribes.in—free

man proceeded to give each mess a spot To Joe Meek this was a beautiful to pitch tent; then he examined the valley. Plenty of tall grass for the hunThirty-sixth Scout backs of the horses to see if any were dreds of horses and mules. Plenty of

Anniversary Week sore. A guard was appointed to take the game in the country around to feed the

gathering. Picturesque mountain graze, to keepwhile animals out camp is the following prosuggestedHPhe ranges. bluffs red of sandNaked ers meal. the darkevening prepared As thirtysixth anniverfor the gram stone in the which glowed and morning fell, inhorses the brought ness weresary week, M.I.A. Scout Sunday Boy sun. evening tents side ring the staked of and were

1 946. 3, Februaryprogram on supplies goods and opened As were all there. after supper were Soon

The theme will be, "Scouts of the asleep except the pickets, and everyfrom the packs, trading commenced.

World, Building Together."thing was quiet in camp. At times the Indians crowded in with their beaded

leader would arouse and call out a buckskin to barter for calicoes, fireThe General Authorities have conchallenge, "All's well?""All's well,"water and ammunition. The trappers

sented to the use of the evening meetthe guard would answer quietly. turned over their bales of pelts for a

ing of February 3, 1946, by the ward At daylight the Little Booshway set of new clothes, a change of food, scouting organization. The ward Y.M. came out from his lodge. He shouted and perhaps a new gun or pistol.

M.I.A. presidency should therefore in French, "Rise up, rise up!"In about

confer with the bishop, and with his five minutes he cried, "Turn out, turn HThe business of the rendezvous occonsent and under his direction, carry out!"The men came out from the cupied about a month. By this time

out the following or a modified prolodges and turned the horses loose to states goods, horses, buckskin, and gram: feed; but not before a horseman had beaver pelts had changed hands. The

satisfied, Indians, trailed off their with the to all around camp make 1. Opening song galloped travois horses. and loaded pack The safe. the horses sure all was When

all 2. of Scouts Entrance and Senior Boy train its for the departed states with fed, sufficiently they brought were were

colors together,Scouts in uniform carrying skins. bales beaver of the began. in, packed, and march then at front. postedwhich Scouts be may Still the partners the of Rocky

quietly. placestake the route followed company by Mountain Fur not HThe had come Company

3. Invocation—A Scout is Reverent—was in general along what later in. Where was Smith? Where was

Senior Scout, became the Oregon Trail—from the Jackson? Had they been killed? Or 4. Musical number—"Battle Hymn of the great bend of the Missouri River to the what had delayed them? Sublette, the

—ScoutsRepublic."on (Soloistchorus.)might be used for verse streamsouth bankand itsof norththe Platte,fork tothenthe upSweetthat brigadescompany andhead,dispatcheddivided histhemforcesto intothe

5. How a "Good Turn"brought Scoutwater and thence northwest to Wind various hunting grounds of the neighing to America—( Story of W. D. Boyce )—River. borhood. They were ordered to meetScoutmaster—fifteen minutes. The first adventure the company met at certain times and places to report

also the progress; just to collect struck they before the cache and with came is Building My Boy—

noses. Platte River. count furs, and to morning Early one a band of the If anymother—five6. How Scoutingminutes.

failed parties arrive, Indians, painted, to armed, others thousand a were 7. Highlights

to yelling search their of them. brandishing go in weapons, andTroop in '45—Seniorof the PatrolActivitiesLeader—fiveof Our of in like Sublette himself sweeping Captain came took a madmen downminutes.

prairie formation. the the with group across warlike him open mountains to On

flight, trap the thing as River, there in on or such Snake no opposition wasTogether"—Bishop—ten8. "Scouting and Priesthood,minutes. Building fight to the protection. for any cover of the Hudson Bay It was Company

9. The Scout Oath and Law in living or die, if the redskins chose to fight. Britishers. He hoped to find his partner

pictures Investiture (or Scout Ceremony). there. Smith somewhere sixty lined Sublette Young Quickly Meek up his its the repeats law and As a reader selected of the as one hired trapfor battle. hear you my was inmen "Whenterpretation, or three simply Scouts, and two

quickly, portray the law in its tableau form. shot, then fire!"he called to his men, pers to go with the captain.

Ten minutes. As the fur man raised his gun, the InOn reaching the headwaters of the

Sublette Snake, delighted to run was his chief dian horse sprang and from 10. Training Scout Me How his third partner, onto his Jackson, laid ground. the This on who weapon (select veteran, a former—Returned safe, in prospering and the pleasant relief the was sign of to great peace a was HasScout—minutes.Helpedbest available speaker)—fifteen valley of Hole. Jackson's white men.

1 1 Closing song this All agreed that great place a was fine giving the of After a talk, and 12. Benediction—a Boy Scout. presents to the chief, Sublette and his to await Smith's coming, which they

company were allowed to depart. Nor expected daily. When days passed with

Scouting, with its universal appeal to did they stop their march until they had no signs of his arrival, runners were boys and men throughout the world, put many miles between themselves and sent out in every direction to find trace must now take up the crusade begun by the braves. of the lost Booshway.

with of dethe went one Meek Joeits in 1908, founder, BadenPowell, and fight us, captain?"didn't they "Why tachments. distant In valley, later a at in the 1937which, Jamboree World night. in that asked young camp Meek called Pierre's his Hole, party foundin personally turned over Holland, was

chief the old cost presents "The "the absent Smith to.. Calihad been who histo words: through.so them

fighting cost nothing, but have would fornia to and seeking Oregon new all this ashere, of in greatpledge you like Injuns warriors. don't him many country, beaver and trapping was now to to utmost youth, of yoursembly do

fighting scalps. us lose to say any They exploring, and only with four in all men friendship ofestablish Scouts among

costs 'em trappers too blood."much his party. other twelve had The whonations."

Four months, from March to July, the departed with him had been killed by

So, in 1946, we emphasize not only pack train traveled on without serious Indians during the year's journey.

the "togetherness"of scouting throughaccident and arrived at the place preJoyfully, word of the find was carried out the world, but stress the necessity viously agreed upon for Summer Rento Sublette and Jackson. They imand importance of "Building together"dezvous. It was on the Popo Agie, a mediately packed and hurried west to

for the future. branch of the Wind River, Wyoming. join their lost companion in his new-

(See also article on page 86.) Thus, Sublette's supply train reached found paradise. (To be concluded)

FEBRUARY 1946 115 MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

(Concluded from page 108) but in no case less than three. It is underRecommendation for and Ordination

ber of the stake presidency who shall be stood that this committee has equal authoriof Seventies responsibility ty in the supervision of and of as the highchairman, and members many of the presidents of a quorum Whenever priests, seventies, elders, the high under and is less incouncil necessary, case but as no it or that advisable necessary seventy deem direction of the stake presidency."the three."than

additional to the quorum, added be members this? please enlarge upon Won't you the clear thought enough, but seems This they should interview the seek stake with an is authority? equal What is it in the intention minds, arisen ourhas president, the discuss with him, matter and the duties of the are stake Just what Melrepresentatives thethat the present from their to submit recommendations. him When referchizedek Priesthood with committee

priests seventies,elders, high and quorums conclusions the stake reached, have been to the seventies? ence

this released?serving committee be on shall, after president interview personal a referred to matters to are the be What It released. 40: of should be presidency the stake a Answer and They member by First the of Council Seventy?

itis felt will satisfactory that to the the of more requirements be with compliance have the stake Melchizedek Priesthood comAnswer 44: There appeared in The standard Melchizedek Priesthood recommittee composed of members of the high Church News of December 1, and The Immendation form, submit recommendations

1946, of January Era less will leave provement than three. This an article for the the of approval consideration andcouncil—not duties outlining the of the stake Melchizedek elders, representatives from willthe former First of the Seventy. Steps Council

seventies, and high priests quorums free to then be taken by the First Council of the remain in their own quorums or groups Seventy to have the new members added.

Sunday mornings, and to visit their own deRecommendations for ordination to the ofmeetings. filled at leadership fice ofpartments seventy out should properly be has been error typographical A

this the with additional information: num-

: Is it spelling the in the discovered 41 of advisable, once a Question of the of ber the candidate which quorum

month, to have the bishoprics and advisers name of the Brother of Jared on pages will become a member.

Priesthood the groups excusedto Aaronic the priesthood 82 textbook, and 84 in will, after consultapresident stake The the that partsfor of period they meet so may aftion the presidents the of with quorum the His Ages. Gospel Through The their and quorums Melchizedekwith own

fected, the First to recommendations make spelled should their be name Mahonri carry to the leaving ongroups, boys for of ordination of the the Seventy Council their presidencies and under workown own in footnote Moriancumer. Also numstat- office priest, to the of high seventy any priest priests, of the the havingin a case in 1, the reference ber 82, page therefor. The the ing reasons the of department? chargetake

Juvenile Instructor should be volume

Answer 41: No! It is within the jurisdic27. Qualifications of Those Recommended

Priesthood the quorumstion of Melchizedek for the to ordination recommended Men to presidency, the stake the of approvalwith office ability to proshould of seventy show their for holding time quoset monthly the gospel, the claim missionary the possess previousmeetings. have However,rum we to willingness manifest respond and a duties Priesthood the spirit, of committee. The the for that chosen time suggestedly a be

call. will interto missionary a relations in their committee equally be apply They

is convenmeeting whichmonthly quorum of First of the Council viewed priests, with the a seventies, elders member by high and interfere will with notient any which and the the the of or Council Seventy, reference with Twelve, their responsibility: to afternoon.other Sunday the the assistant to of Council meeting—possibly an Twelve, train officers in their duties quorum 1. To

42: of the stake have addition to the interview Question so many now We that so they may become more effecin

<seems there to be that president stake in the standard as required recomin ourwards tive in their leadership.

in interfor ordination. department. every mendation This form Would workmore it a. conducting leadership a monthly By alternate satisfactory, the ordination to member proving advisable an have viewbe

officers the meeting leaders with and the will council? to of attendedof high the be a member by the of or groups. quorums First of of the Council Seventy, Council disFirst 42: Presidency has The Answer b. stimulating and quorum group By to the the assistant Council or an Twelve, alternate of practice having thecouraged officers assisting leaders and and of the Twelve. said not councilors. it has However,high effectheir to them more work make

that alternate members are prohibited and tive. Ordination Certificates for Seventies

if conditions require, alternate members of c. By keeping in touch with the work

the high council are permissible, after perand activities of all Melchizedek After interview and ordination by a memmission is obtained from the visiting GenPriesthood quorums in the stake. ber of the First Council of the Seventy,

eral Authority. d. By visiting the meeting of every the Council of the Twelve, or an assistant

First the the to the of Council Twelve, least at quartergroup quorum and the 43: "NoLiquor- does Question How certificate will ordiissue of then Council a ly. fit into the of Church programTobacco"clerk will the stake nation to sent be which e. regular council encouraging By the of of Melsupervisionthe program

it shall in deliver to the which quorum who the meetings of presidency quorum Priesthood?chizedek enrolled. is the ordained newly member The attending council and meetsuch by the is that It 43: recommended Answer will clerk also the stake clerk notify ward ings time, to giving astime from of the "NoLiquor-Tobacco"chairman ordination. the of in sistance suggestion wise through the of stake of the a be membercommittee

planning. If in committee. Presidents Seventies Priesthood of Melchizedek Changesstake

f. the instructions of that seeing By of a the bedesired, member chairman may in presidency vacancies a quorum the of relative to Council When Twelve,

is priest- a council. programthe This high or or necessary occur are changes deemed activities, out. carried are quorum

it is carried to out be and program,hood will desirable, the council seek an quorum 2. report presito the stake promptly To the priesthood. of the quorums Youthrough stake, interview the the of president with presiin dency vacancy any a quorum rests the this responsibility withwill notice will to recommendations have who made dency. is chairthe the ofpresident quorum, who First the the Council. done, matter This

3. colquarterly to committee. welfare a report personal the of and makeman To First the Council. awaits the of approval

lect requarterly annual and quorum instructions not presidents be conshould proposed 44: Recent The new Question

to ports the of and send Council them this until to or a matter of the Melchizedek advised of supervision spokencerning the Twelve. First that the the other the thought of or Council Genmember emphasizedPriesthood

"responsibility of directing Melchizedek The First Council of the Seventy has receral Authority shall have had an interview

Priesthood activities rests with the stake ognized the stake Melchizedek Priesthood with them. If this interview is satisfactory,

presidency. As an aid to the stake presicommittee as the "extended right arm"of presentation of the proposed changes will

dency, we recommend and urge the appointthe stake presidency in carrying the responbe made to the quorum involved, and upon ment of a stake Melchizedek Priesthood sibilities as outlined above. acceptance by the quorum, the setting apart

committee to assist them in carrying out The stake presidency will, however, wisewill be attended to by a member of the First their duties. The stake Melchizedek Priestly honor the First Council of the Seventy Council of the Seventy, the Council of the

hood committee does not preside, but superand consult with them concerning direction Twelve, or an assistant to the Council of vises under the direction of the stake presiand supervision of seventies'quorums. the Twelve. Forms for the purpose of subdency. We recommend that this committee Stake presidents and all concerned should mitting such recommendation for filling

be composed of a member of the stake presibear in mind the following instructions and vacancies are supplied by the First Council dency, who shall be chairman, and as many procedures which appear in handbook No. to presidents of quorums and the presidents

members of the high council as is necessary, 17, pp. 19, 20, which continue to apply: of stakes.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,

NoLiquor-Tobacco MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Column Monthly Stake Melchizedek Priesthood c. Repentance essential to salvation

References: Doctrine and CoveMeeting and Monthly Priesthood 110) (Concluded page from

49:8; 22, 18:19, 42, 44; 20:29; nants Leadership Meeting

3: 29:1-10; 34:1341; be thethe stand. to head of Mosiah She wants Alma

the organization. People don't under- (Concluded from page 106) 8-24; The Articles of Faith, pp. 113-

B. Lee, 121; Harold Youth and the is her; not aptalented she butstand for the brethren department One

97106; Discourses not inChurch, of pp. sits the vited attend departtopreciated. of the foregoing Hypocrite one on Hyp 242245. Young, Brigham pp.: is ments This department to be conducted think but wouldn't of churchfront row

of paying his debts. Miss Four Hunby a member of the high council and will 3. Knowledge of the Gospel of Jesus

consider teaching, famitems as ward Truth) get (of in order to has and adred new job ily prayer, suggested to be by Christ suchetc.,—topics with the she goes Miss crowd.ahead search a. Man's priesthood the committee. general

great deal of has a done TiredRhea for truth

Under the direction of the general priest- b. Source of knowledge of truth retired haschurch and work now

committee, Dr. has Milton R. Hunter hood the gospel of man's and c. Knowledge will these enjoy the Church.from You outline covering prepared gospel twelve an salvation refersure thatcharacters. any Make this studied lastnamed to be dethemes by the References: Youth and living or the to ward, one anyence into are divided partment. themes These

197206; Milton R. Church, pp. is entirely perhapsdead, three general follows: as headings accidental—orin the Gospel Hunter, Through Theinspirational. talks three are on There

I. to Perfection 1-5, 4653, The 116117; Ages, JoWay pp. tithepaying,truth, prayer family and to Fielding Smith, seph II. The Saint Way Latterday The Home set atmosphere. athat Miss wholesome Doctrine 225231; Perfection, pp. III. in of Citizenship the Kingdom God Faulta Finding Gossip Miss andGossa 3642, 2430, 93:11, Covenants, and

end the program. Further suggestions and references for the 53; 131:6; John 8:32; Gospel DocThe whole program takes from thirfirst four months of 1946 are as follows: Brighamtrine, pp. Young,323324;pp. Discourses377405; Theof

tyfive to forty minutes. At some places Gospel Kingdom, pp. 4751, 261the audience will laugh. Bishops who GOSPEL THEMES 277.

that say someused the programhave 4. Obedience to Law ( The Gospel)thing not is taught that could be said I. 1."TheFaith—TheWay to FoundationPerfection":of a Righteouswithout offending, because ours is in a Life a. Law of compensation—-all of God's

offerfriendly, informal you, way. We

truth, the and ye shall know"And the a. Definefaith. and discuss the meaning of blessingsobedience receivedto law. as a result of

truth shall make you free,"for a whole- b. Importance of faith in the Lord b. Obedience necessary for man's salsome, modern way of dealing with a Jesus Christ. vation.

knotty problem. Seminaries at East, c. Importance of faith in the gospel of c. Nature of sin

West, and Granite in Salt Lake have Jesus Christ. d. Observance of Sabbath day.

this sixtypresented is over times d. program that faith the foundation Show living of Law chastity—clean life true happi- e. requests of and a righteous than theyand have had more

f. of Wisdom Word ness. If likecan handle. a copy you would

and directions for presenting, write to References: Doctrine and CoveReferences: Youth and the

NoLiquor-Tobacco Committee, 47 nants 5:25, 28; 8:10; 12:8; 18:19; Church, pp. 1-9, 5667, 8796, 148194-196, 226236; A. 156, John 57: 14:2529; 26:2; 88:118; Alma SaltEast South 1, Temple, City Lake

the Dragon, Widtsoe, and 12:1-32; 2127; pp. 32:1443; Ether ManUtah. Mrs. It was written by Doug- M. to Perfection, 123138; 1: The 10:1926; 7:2043; Enos Way Moronilas Wood. 232239; 186190, 202209, The E. 1-8; 5:18; Talmage, pp. James The

Articles of Faith, pp. 98112; Gospel Gospel Through the Ages, pp. 18Doctrine, pp. 427428; Discourses 19, 138144; John A. and Leah D.

of Brigham Young, pp. 236242. Widtsoe, The Word of Wisdom,

Facfs the Guide 2. Repentance—The Road Back to True pp.nants 11250;82:10; 88;Doctrine130:2021;and Cove132:5,

Happiness 11; Gospel Doctrine, pp. 263272,

In an admirable address on "Religion and a. Nature of repentance 300311; Discourses of Brigham

Education,"October 1924, Ernest DeWitt b. Repentance, the road back to truth Young, pp. 254268, 282289, 338Burton, president of the University of Chiand happiness 351.

cago, not only acclaimed Jesus as the "world's greatest thinker in the field of religion,"but represented him as the author of the much applauded scientific approach to truth.... He faced facts squarely, made tell the neighbor that he wanted to use sessed of a splendid analytical mind,

them, rather than opinions, however ancient it to shoot rabbits which were getting pronounced by his cousin, President and honorable, the guide of his thinking and into his garden. Then when it got dusk, Francis M. Lyman, as one of the best

his action.the basis of... (Frederick it of the off husband enein the the to so that Church. shoot was D. he He was

Leete, Christianity in Science, The Abingfather of thirteen there that the three and wives mies gun a was would know Press,don p. 221.)

filled his honorof children. not Six sons did there. as instructed and was He

molested. able missions to the nations of the earth.

President J. Golden Kimball wrote His eldest son, Nathan A. Tanner, has

the following tribute to Nathan Tanner been prominent in Church and business life, havingGenealogy on November 28, 1933: "Your father affairs in Ogden all his

was especially gifted with unfaltering served in the Weber Stake presidency (Concluded from page 111) faith in the gospel of Jesus Christ, was many years.

as a day of fasting, instead of feasting, a testator, a witness for Jesus Christ, A leading characteristic of Nathan, that not a soul among them would be and a fine exponent of the gospel. He Jr., besides his unbounding faith in his

molested. They did so, and not a soul knew the truth; he understood it. He Master, was his forgiving spirit. The

was harmed. preached without fear or doubt. He was gift of charity was exemplified in his

One day, one of the Saints came to unafraid and fearless in sticking to his life on numerous occasions.

Nathan and told him that he had just ideas of truth, like a bulldog to a root. He died June 16, 1919. One of the

learned that they were to be mobbed He enjoyed, as all seventies should, inmain lessons gleaned from his life was that night. He asked what he should spiration, prophecy, and revelation for that of charity and forgiveness, and

do. He was told to go across the street himself."that final judgment should be left with

and borrow his neighbor's shotgun, and He was a gifted writer and was posthe Lord.

FEBRUARY 1946 117

DENTAL DECAY ash.one partWeacidshouldash to keepthree inpartsmindalkalinethat

(Concluded from page 81 an increase in protein intake; (2) modgrains and meat produce acid ash, while

consider pyorrhea as a systemic diseration of fat intake; (3) a low sugar vegetables and most fruits produce

ease, and not merely as a local disturbintake; (4) decreased cereal and grain alkaline ash. The pyorrheaproducing

ance. Failure to do this is the big reason intake; and (5) increased vitamin and diet is a high fat, low protein diet with

why it is thought by so many that it mineral intake. deficiencies in minerals and vitamins,

cannot be cured. with an improper ratio of the calcium to

At present the world is confronted "Drotein plays many parts in the body the phosphorus. A proper calcium

with a mass of nutritional information metabolism. It builds new and rephosphorus ratio of food intake (not

and misinformation. Often we hear places wornout tissue cells. From problood calcium) is one part of calcium

people say, "Our grandparents didn't tein many of the digestive juices and to 1.5 parts of phosphorus.

know anything about calories and vitahormones are derived. Therefore, they Vegetables, dairy products, and sea

high in foods minerals, are very the in sufficient quantity and should bemins, all right."along they got and We

latter especially being in iodine. high quality, meat, eggs, dairy from confusemust not high tension our pace

of modern life with the low tension but products, or plant sources. If meat The fats may be reduced by drinking

higher physical activities of our foreis omitted, large amounts of dairy buttermilk or skim milk instead of whole fathers. Food intakes that were adeproducts and eggs must be included in milk. (A quart of skim milk contains

quate in 1847, when the Pioneers enthe diet. Of proteins, it is well to keep more minerals than a quart of whole

tered the Salt Lake valley, are not necin mind that there are twentythree milk. ) By avoiding fried foods and by

essarily adequate in 1946. Our presentknown varieties, a number of which the diluting of salad oils and dressings

day physical activities are much less, are essential to health and growth. Of with such substances as lemon juice,

about one half, than those of our physithis group four are found only in meat. tomato juice, vinegar, etc., the fats can

cally vigorous forefathers; therefore Refined foods such as white flour, rebe reduced.

our calorie requirement should be less fined sugar, prepared cereals, should be than theirs. Yet we go along on this avoided, for they have been devitalized "VTutrition and physical degeneration

smaller amount of food, trying to get in the refining process. Whole live could hardly be thought of without

the same amount of minerals and vitafoods are better than those which have giving consideration to emotional facmins, to say nothing about the changed been robbed of their vital elements tors. It is very noticeable that along

needs in the ratio of proteins, fats, and through heating, pickling, refining, with the emotional or nervous tension carbohydrates. The average calorie inovercooking, and other processes. existing at the present time, there has

take of our forefathers was three thouSome of the results of the survey of been a definite increase of the degenerasand five hundred to five thousand calover three thousand diet records are tive diseases. This has greatly increased

ories, whereas the average daily inshown in the tables on page 81. Howthe number of people seeking medical

dividual intake today is between fifteen ever, most of these people had some ailattention. What the country needs is

hundred to twentyfive hundred. ment such as dental caries, pyorrhea, or more psychiatrists, or we must change

Until the present warproduced some other disturbance which brought our thinking and actions. Happiness

shortage and rationing, there were them to their dentist or physician. and a healthy mental attitude go far

available a great variety and quantity Modern research men enable the in maintaining physical wellbeing.

of food; yet many diets were still defifamily dentist to determine the degree There should be some play in every life.

cient because they were produced on of immunity or susceptibility of patients The Godgiven instruction of one day soils depleted of their minerals. The to dental caries, by bacteriological of rest in each seven is sound advice,

majority of prepared foods, such as methods. Then the dentist is able, and the individual who does not have

manufactured grain products, breakfast through proper nutritional supervision, time or room in his life for spiritual foods, pastries, etc., have been so deto decrease greatly, and in many cases development becomes an unbalanced

vitalized in the process of their preparato prevent, the formation of cavities in individual.

tion that it is better to exclude most of the teeth. The principle reason why If people could only learn that mealthem from the daily diet. It is common more persons are not made entirely imtime is not the time for discipline and

knowledge that primitive peoples, who mune is the lack of cooperation on the family quarrels! Of all times of the day,

maintain excellent health on their napart of the patient. this should be a time of relaxation and

tive foods, develop degenerative disThe great offenders in producing happiness. Too often for convenience's

eases when changed to our processed dental caries are sugar and white flour sake, when the family is together and refined ones. Today foods advergrain products. The typical cariespro- around the dinner table, the mother

tised as "refined,""enriched,""puriducing diet is one of excessive sugar proceeds to tell the father that little fied,"etc., are, in many instances, enand grain, with deficient quantity of Johnnie was on his bad behavior, and

tirely lacking in the most essential protein, minerals, and vitamins, espethis is followed by the father's scolding nutrients. cially of the B complex. It is also found him; or else sister is to give an accountOur food animals, dairy cows, beef, that with dental caries there is usually ing of her whereabouts the night before

hogs, and poultry are often fed on re- a preponderance of acid ash over the and why she was out so late, etc. If

fined commercial feed lacking in essenalkaline ash ratio. This ratio should be parents themselves must have an argutial minerals and vitamins. A large ment, they should wait until they are by

amount of our fruit and vegetables is themselves, and then let it not be at deficient in minerals and vitamins bemealtime. Neither is breakfast the time

cause they are grown on depleted soils for father to read the paper while with the dubious aid of a minimum mother scolds the children for not eatamount of commercial fertilizer. ing fast enough to get to school on time.

By comparing the actual intake of It is my opinion that besides being the food with the patient's estimated reproper thing to do, the practice of offerquirements, a knowledge of the state of ing a prayer of thankfulness and blessdeficiencies or excess of proteins, fats, ing upon the food, just before partakcarbohydrates, calories, and minerals ing of a meal, is the most beneficial acand vitamins, can be determined. Dr. tion that the family can take in the way

Michael Walsh has compiled averages of conduct for good digestion. The anof thousands of diets submitted by cients knew this to be true. In Proverbs,

dentists and physicians in private pracit is written tice. The results agree with the present Better is a dinner of herbs where love is,

?ieneral trend in dietary advice that than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.

or optimum health there should be: ( 1 (Proverbs 15:17.)

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Scouts of the World, Building Together"

(Concluded from page 87) of the last World Jamboree in Holland in 1937, said:

This brotherhood of scouting is, in many respects, similar to a crusade. You Scouts

all of the parts world assembled fromhave will; of and have Clipper skipper's caras ambassadors you good

been making friends, breaking down any of class. or race, ofbarriers of creed, That starts quicker on

is If are friends, crusade.surely a great you

you will not want to be in dispute, and by

Capt. friendships thesecultivating have such as Chevron Supreme C. Richards this great jamboree, at cementedbeen

AMERICAN you F.PAN interfor solution of the preparingare way AIRWAYS WORLD

national problems by discussion of a peaceful character. This will have a vital and

very farreaching effect throughout the world in the cause of peace, and so pledge all of you here in this great assembly of youth, to do your absolute utmost to establish friendship among Scouts of all nations.

Scouting is basically a religious program. The twelfth Scout law, "A Scout Smooth getaway is important on the long Pacific hop, too

is reverent,"as well as the Scout oath will states, honor, dowhich "On my best, to to duty and do GodI my mymy Gasoline—"I'm glad weit's uselikeChevrona guaranteeAviationof this point.country,"bears out Nationally, about seventy percent of the parperfect engine performance,"says

ent sponsoring groups are churches. Captain F. C. Richards who has flown

The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterPan American World Airways'big day Saints realized the value of this proClippers since his line pioneered the gram when they—the first church body TransPacific service ten years ago.in America—adopted this program. "That goes for cars, too, with ChevToday, with pride, we claim a larger ron Supreme,"adds Captain Richards.

percentage (seventyone percent) of

Scouts registered with the Boy Scouts Heavy burdens of fuel and payload of America than any other religious make Clipper takeoffs mighty impordenomination. tant to a successful flight. And the

Forward in 1946 for better scouting same "light fractions"in Chevron in the Church is our aim: more units, Aviation Gasoline that help smooth

better programming, finer coordination the Clipper's start go into Chevron with the Aaronic Priesthood activities, Supreme for easier starting, faster more intelligent understanding of the getaway in your car.

full boy program of the Church.

In July 1947, we are planning for the largest gathering of the L.D.S. Chevron Supreme Gasoline inherScouts on record—a "Pioneer Scout its its flawless performance from warJamboree,"—this large encampment of born ingredients developed for Chevwill feature arenaScouts shows, disron Aviation Gasoline. But Chevron

plays, trail treks, pioneer our honoring

Mormon pioneer forefathers. This cenSupreme Gasoline is designed for

tennial celebration will further the true cars, "tailored"to their needs. No

spirit of scouting, friendship, and brothwonder you get a smoother ride erhood, and will depict the many temat every speed on Chevron Supreme.

poral and spiritual values of the movement. born on the skyways

"Scouts of the World, Building To-... tailored to the highways

gether."It is a great theme. It suggests

action. It demands action. We have a

tremendous job to do!

Keep your Chevron National Credit Card

GOING HOME with you and you won't need to bother about cash for service and gas when you're

By Grace Sayre motoring. Your Card provides an accurate

too. record expenses use it So of motoring

* I fHE day he left the tossing sea wherever Canada and the U. S. you go in

* And took God's hand, to walk with him...A STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCT

Into a peaceful harbor's calm,

Into eternity That day, that hour, there shone above,

A beaconbeam of God's true might

And he, young pilot, homeward bound,

Followed its beckoning light.

(Dedicated to my young nephew lost AT CHEVRON GAS STATIONS, GARAGES, AND STANDARD STATION over Tokyo.)

FEBRUARY 1946 119

THE LEGEND OF THE TRIBE OF VERY MUCH WIND

( Continued from page 93 summer holiday,, to enjoy once more ber of the wellknown Millennial ChorOne such occasion was a horseback that favorite old adventure of ours, a us, who sang their way into the hearts riding party during the summer of 1933 sunrise breakfast in Rotary Park. of the people from one end of England

when every member of the tribe assemSo Nokomis continued to see her to the other.

bled to relive an old adventure. By that "Indians"frequently all during their Meanwhile, Lone Pine was finding

time the boys were taller than Nokomis busy, growingup years, and they never much joy in his busy missionary life in and old enough to drive cars, so they failed to make her happy with new eviSwitzerland.

gallantly assumed the duties of chaufdences that they were not forgetting the feur and escort for the occasion. ideals of their boyhood. pOR those left behind, there was a winter of "Indians"June of 1934, By all of my

tribal three 1938, completed high school, the next Missionary Adventures had and hardmembers—Firebrand,study, and in June fall found them in college. It was in Tn November 1936, a very important Little Warrior, and Fleetfoot—were

December of that year that our most event called for a special reunion of graduated from the university.

memorable annual reunion was held the tribe. White Eagle was to be our Soon after, Nokomis sent another

with the parents of the boys the honfirst missionary. In our own little faremessage to the tribe, announcing a

ored guests. Carefully we planned the well for him, when all his comrades tribal farewell for Strongheart, who

details of that party, carrying out the united in doing him honor, new tradiwas to have his favorite dream come it was July, Indian theme in our decorations and retions were established. Our departing true at last. And because

freshments. The feature of the evening gift was a small volume of sermonettes, we met in his honor at sunrise in Rotary

Park, tribal although of the few memfirst reading of of Legend "The and Long by Arrows, Short Range—the

still bers at to him. were honor home of the Tribe Brimhall, whicji Very Much George ap- H. seemed Wind"—was started trail he long a on Then surprise the to a themboys as much propriate for his ammunition adnew

selves, as it was to their parents. venture. Soon after, he started on the to Samoa, and to a far different advenNot long before, Nokomis had delong journey to Brazil. And there, in ture from any of the other, among darkcided that the story of the tribe should that strange land, among people with a skinned Pacific Island natives. And bebe recorded, and promptly appointed different language and different cuscause we knew how well prepared he

herself as tribal historian. Already there toms, White Eagle's adventures was for his opportunity, the success and

had been five years of tribal history brought him much joy and success. happiness he found in his work was no

since their first meeting, every precious At our 1937 tribal reunion, held again surprise to Nokomis and his fellowdetail of which she had faithfully rein Rotary Park, this characteristic letter tribesmen.

corded. And as those tall, handsome, was proudly shared and answered The next Christmas brought greetings

to her "Indians"from Nokomis listened "Indians"attentivegrown-up

April 4, 1937 different from many made recalled ly to the story which so many belovedlands—and Nokomis: Dear for her grateful the humbly joy they had memories, happy Nokomis knew how first the Eagle, the of of "Tribe White

life. into her brought her And how appreciated those they boyhood much to the privilege to have Very Much Wind"

experiences, though they gave no sign go forth and tell the world that the Great heart was touched when one of them until Christmas morning brought lovely Spirit has again spoken in these latter days, wrote:

the reports to other tribe, of the members roses to "Tribe the It red from truthfully Nokomis that said can be your now this is that of the task carrying message is felt being the missionary around work of Wind."Very Much

interesting very pleasant work. and train world. potential helped young, You parents the learning Meanwhile, were into missionary every other goes As who in missionaries intolertheir impatient and first time, for the the of story complete I field, the appreciate the Sunday now all ant years. of the in are parts we Now tribe,""Indian the of they which had I classes especially School had, have when and, world, are although sometimes a we heard so followed the much. adThey to as held a mission goal a was up work it, little expressing slow are beginning we

tribe, bit toward. as ventures perhaps the the of worldly, And, a heroes more and realize just to to you. what owe we

I important, the also appreciate pleasant but of the introduced, story were one by one, there was a glow of pride on the memories they have given of waffle parties, Then came 1939, and with it came trips to or Peak, Rotary Ensign events Park swimworld-shaking brought which an face parent. of each

sleigh the of 4, riding ming morning on July experiences of missionary the to the end this of reunion, the one only boys At bit chili, circles front in a of followed by in fields, "tribe"foreign before any and the group. absent from Hawkeye, was fire in of the the grate Fourth on wigwam to the others of opportunity an had first tribe the adventurer the to leave of Avenue.

participate. quietly year began The joined the navy. home, he had the appreciative. equipment For new When I am

had been unable to start college with I only hope and pray that my bow will be enough, and in June, Red Feather bethe rest, his ambition for an education strong and true—to shoot these "Long and came the fourth college graduate of the

had turned his attention to the educaShort Range Arrows"to the hearts of those tribe. During the summer White Eagle

is It also appreciate them. pleasant can finished Brazil his in who missionary work tional of the navy. advantages Would flyleaf to at the the of read look and names of opportunity and took advantage an to able he be remember his boyhood ideals prinfriends the and have same who to visit But home. Europe on his way ideals in during experience a peacetime I ciples. will especially pleased be when there, the I while that of he part was the the evening During navy? a very in the others that of are out them hear same

fine letter, which Hawkeye had written work. world was suddenly plunged into war,

for the occasion, was answered by all I would very much like to hear of the which ended the old order of peaceful the others. And thus another tribal doings of the tribe. It seems that the value living and leisure travel, and White

friends increases the distance beafter to with Eagle hurry home. had Soon tradition of of exchange was started—the them. tween that, Laughing both Pine and Lone absent with messages members whenSincerely, in participated the dramatic Brook held. ever a reunion was Eagle White the events exnever-tobe-forgotten of

HpHE next few years were very busy In September of that year, two more odus of all Mormon missionaries from ones for those "heapbig Injuns"of tribal members answered the call of Europe. Meanwhile, Strongheart was

mine. But in spite of their everincreas- their Church, and another message from still carrying on in Samoa, but a year

ing popularity in college circles, they Nokomis called the tribe together. With later, gathering war clouds in the Pacifnever let anything interfere with their great pride we bade farewell to two ic shortened his mission a few months

attendance at a tribal reunion. However, more of our finest representatives, Lone also.

when several of them missed important Pine and Laughing Brook, as they So ended the priceless adventures of social functions in order to attend our started for their new fields of service. our tribal missionaries, which added

reunion of 1935, we decided to change Laughing Brook went to Great new meaning to our joyous tribal rethe time of our annual gathering. So Britain where he found many wonderunion, after their return.

"for our reunion in 1936, we met on a ful and satisfying adventures as a mem- ( To be concluded 120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A MORMON WIFE

(Continued from page 89) ing when we climbed the stairs to

Grandma's room.of looking through, and a globe of Improvement Era

waxed flowers and fruit. Another smallThere was a small window in the

er table, with a marble top, held precious attic making it quite light, so that our little ornaments. Near the window, to excursions were pleasant and interestattic other to the a trip Not so light, chair ing. wicker acatch the was of Subscribers.. It from what opened our home. we sat with unbeto sewwhere Grandmalievably tiny stitches, and her faithful called the storeroom—a spare room that

filled furniof ends with odds and was affair that (a twotiered box,sewing of The you much ERA gives in use. second that not ture This were in close plains) the wascame across current best CHURCH attic dark, pitch and you the when was special possessionsproximity. These

its covWithin LITERATURE. find that to something struck a match verbally to willed invariablyGrandma

this one or that one among us. "Edith, you had been sent after, you quickly ers you find each month auwhen I am gone I want you to have that grabbed the article and made a hasty thoritative material written or

little vase...."etc., etc. exit, being very much aware of a ghostspoken by our Church leaders.

ly white bust of some former church article furnidistinctive of most snatch that aboutHThe to you. leader seemed it to occurred what you Has

importantthe in the A ture room was of theology, priceless gems parlors downstairs double were The regulation bed. alooking bed had This

gosdown-toearth poetry elegantnot and but furnished comfortably a of mattresshair top which on was

I ly. told, origparlors, yearby- the in were pel Those have am you it appear veryfeather mattress, making

I reinally as rooms, separate but two this of magayear volumes this bed,high. "feather morning Each connected them, they were member by zine? thoroughcalledas it, must be Grandma

side of which hung on each an arch all the it, togetherly with shaken, and draperies of patterned flowered for preserve not aired long them bed,paraphernalia of the be must Why chenille, to enough drawn heavy when rite concluded, or This two.for an hour your future reference and your

it to heat possible one room make feather the withthe up bed made was edification? urge children's We if other, only the heating one without into place, and smoothed punchedbed so. to do you I the strongneeded. remember was patchthe sheets handmade and snowy wallpaper the ingrained of red hued carefully quilts arranged top onwork

that paintings the with Hafen good it counterwhite and,of over bound (12 numbers) Single father's volumes walls. the symadorned (My enthe complete spread.pane was all,Tothe

his artists for struggling purpathy and cloth attractive, blue durable, in laid across bolstersemble, long a was their to pictures out help of them chasethe of bed, the top huge and on this, two in gold $2.25 binding, stamped chilhis giving in rich dividends net yielded stitchedpillows, hand with covered plus postage. ) each I art. see for appreciation can dren an straight arranged"shams,"and were

it all it might looked as have on nowstiff against the fancy This headboard.

evenings of those Friday wintry one at one time volumes more Ten or only, daytimedecoration and was for get, to there no lessons were and whenthe might been "sham"have word plus postage. $2.00 each to assigned preach not was Papa apwhen bolster to the aptitudeplied equal with

pillows as well as the coverings, for the at some Sunday conference which his necessitate commencing would stuffed with straw andformer were jourBring them in or mail them to us upright I see the ney a few days early. for too enormous hard andwere much

anyone to have slept on. Steinway piano and can almost hear

Edith's childish flutelike voice singing, In a small wooden box, Grandma had "Oh Sweet Sabbath Bells."Papa sits in NOW!

an electric battery, which was considthe huge black leather rocker with a ered quite revolutionary in those days. child perched on each arm of the chair,

alleged electricity it generated wasThe chair in withand a low rocking Mama, effect for upon goodto have a marked knits arms, one contentedly of out one's health. She used to let us children the long black stockings previously

experience the tingling sensation which mentioned which were so trying to the resulted turned the electricity when was offspring. her pride of is a cozy There The unin an handson, and we clasped blinds fire in grate; are the the green

circle whereinbroken members two the creamcol- heavy between drawn affairs thatgrasped handlelike were atpretty curtains (very they ored voiletached to the box and through which were with scalloped embroidery along Deseret News Press the electricity came from the battery. the edges ). Stretched out on the flowWe would squeal as the current became ery carpet before the fireplace is one 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City

fairly strong and imagine that we were of the children completely lost to her unable to let go of each other's hands surroundings as she pores over an exuntil it was reduced. citing story in The Youth's Companion

little in far the a door opened chilbest-loved We and wholesome—the

( stooping to of the oursaveend room that dren's magazine of day, to which selves a bump on the head) to get into my father never failed to subscribe.

attic. dormerroofedGrandma's Here just children the of has come Another

... furniture that pieces she of extrawere is called the "bookroom"from what OEEER WE

for in her use Here bedroom.had no A COMPLETE is with of a copy Sara which Crew,

could be seen the chest that swayed soon to be read aloud to all of us before ENGRAVING SERVICE

Portraits to, the Largest in Missionary Israel the plainsacross Ivins'covered kneel in we family prayer and give our FromCatalogues. all contained of which and hadwagon kisses. goodnight Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given earthly at possessions thatGrandma's

"It Yes, takes a heap o'livin'in atime. interesting to us But most CO. ENGRAVING UTAH to it home."chilhouse make fact attic the that in thedren was were Utah 113 Salt Lake City, Regent St.

kept the goodies which were forthcom- (To be continued)

FEBRUARY 1946 121

i attended; people everytwenty-three

at the door, and eachNEW YEAR'S EVE WITH THE SALT LAKE STAKE body was greeted confetti, hat, Through- T/"nowing that people like to have a Eve as they could get any place in the serpentine,received a littleand aNewnoiseYearmaker.

A gay, hilarious time, be in crowds, city. So all effort was made to bring out the evening prizes were given for

and stay up late on New'Year's Eve, everything that goes to make up this the best dancers of the waltz, rumba the stake presidency requested the evening within the environment of the and fox trot. Two capital prize drawMutual Improvement Association to Church standards. ings were had from numbers on the

give the people of the Salt Lake Stake The evening began at ten o'clock in tickets, and nice gifts were awarded the as good and as exciting a New Year's the Emerald Gardens. Four hundred winners.

Just at twelve midnight balloons were released from the ceiling. By this time

the things which had been given at the door were pretty well scattered, and what fun everybody had wrapping himself in serpentine and confetti

GREEN GOLD AND THE to get a balloon. A yell of "Happy New IN BALL HELD

POCATELLO FOURTH Year"went up from all present as the

WARD, POCATELLO orchestra played "Auld Lang Syne."STAKE

Shortly after midnight a box lunch was served. Dancing was resumed and

continued until early morning.

Impressions of the party:

In addition displaying to the her go? attendants of M.I.A. her queen and and did honor two the matron two Year's and Eve Question: New How

for attendants 1945, display were to all able year with we preceding the to 1934 queens for back each this not for Good, Answer: time. May just of exception two, one in serving Spars in the D.C., with other Washington, of whom and the was who bishop. to stay again, had up go soldier her husband, stationed in the isNorthwest. too late.—A

story The place in typical took L.D.S. a mother, to the home. before The departing Gold attend and Question: you think the stake should Do Ball, tells story Green the to her Ball, little daughter M.I.A. of the live to Gold Green the her and and counsels year? it again next do themes year to from year forcibly brings and to them several of her attention the repeating outstanding by

themes of the past regarding the development of character and on being worthy to become such a queen. Answer: By all means try it again next

then She family takes the her pictures album and of shows the beautiful of queens the past Gold and Green year. It was a success.—-A married woman.

Balls, whereupon, preceding each in her respective year, queen in person appears a large and from album takes her place in formation down to the queen for the present year. Question: Did you enjoy the stake New

Year's party?

Answer: Oh, yes we had fun. I'll go

again next year if they have one.—An

eighteenyear-old girl.

Question: Did you have fun at the stake

New Year's Eve party?

Answer: Yes; it was swell, but I wish

more of my age had been there—A sixteenTHATCHER yearold boy.

WARD Question: What is your impression of the M.I.A.

New Year's Eve party?

Answer: It was so nice to have a place

to go to that night and not be where people drink and smoke.—A young married man.

So the presidency was right. People,

young and old, want to go places, and have fun New Year's Eve and they might just as well do it with the right people at the proper place, under a

Mutual Improvement Association officers of Thatcher Ward attended the ball in which the Hawaiian theme wholesome influence.

was carried out.

GRADUATING CLASS OF BOISE STAKE BEE HIVE GIRLS ON SWARM DAY

Sylvia Hagenson is stake Bee Keeper 122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Spring Comes to Johnny Adams (Continued from page 83) Coming.*. Feb. ISpose in your coming here—maybe this is

the medicine you need."the book for which you long

"Will you show me what to do?"

Johnny asked. "I want to start now have waited!

this morning."

"Yes, Johnny. I'll show you."

"I want to plant wheat."There was

a feverish look of hope in Johnny's eyes. "Could I plant an acre in oneday?"Song

Uncle Mack looked up at the sun.

"An acre by sunset! It would take a

bit of doing. Yes, you could plow andplant an acre today, but not another Everlasting

acre tomorrow. See what I mean?"a rich, interpretative and hauntingly

beautiful "Mormon"novel J.I ohnny held tight to theplow. The old horse pulled ahead; the by PAUL BAILEY

plowshare cut deep in the soil, and as (Author of FOR THIS MY GLORY. THE

the smell of the newly turned earth GAY SAINT. SAM BRANNAN. etc.)

came to him, he was filled with a strange excitement. la the some skill and vigor which has won him wide acclaim as a novelist, Paul

straight, "Guide it son,"the old man Baileyevents, givesand asto enduringhis peopleasa Utah'sbook ashills.peculiar as their faith, as dynamic as today's

right!"cautioned. "That's

The plow left rich, black furrows SONG EVERLASTING will comfort those who mourn, strengthen those whose faith as he guided it back and forth across may waiver, and open the universe to those who grope. In it is the depth and

the vast field. He saw Barbara come meaning of eternity itself.

out of the house, and for a while she stood watching him, a perplexed look on Priced $2.50 at bookstores, or direct

her face, then she went back in.

The sun was directly overhead beWestemlore PreSS.. 1G20 Colorado Blvd... Los Angeles 41

fore Johnny stopped and wiped the sweat from his forehead. Weakness

swept over him like nausea. The long

weeks in the hospital had taken a greattxw&SS er toll than he had realized. He rested

a moment. He looked back at the earth **jCoAV"v*,- 1'>v

he had plowed, saw how much was yet to be done. It became an obsession with

him to finish the acre before sunset. He

was racing with the sun, and even as he looked it seemed to move.

Barbara came out of the house.

"Lunch is ready, Johnny."

"You and Uncle Mack go ahead and eat without me."

"But you look so tired!"

"I can't stop now!"

Barbara went back to the house. She

was back in a moment with a tray offood. "Here are sandwiches and milk, woib

Johnny."Johnny grabbed a sandwich from the tray and ate it hastily, and drank the milk in big gulps. Then he again picked

up the plow. "Get up, Tony."

"I'm going back to the city,"he heard Barbara tell Uncle Mack. "Johnny doesn't need me. He doesn't even

know I'm here!"

Barbara mustn't go! He must begher to stay. And yet—-what right had

he to stop her.

By late afternoon the field was ready for the wheat. Tiredness burned like a

fire in Johnny's body. He had not seen

Barbara again. She must be gone. He

didn't blame her, but he felt a pang of loneliness. Uncle Mack handed him a xA. Welcome (j,ift

large, shallow of wheat. pan THE ERA cJhroughout the year steps,"your "Measure Uncle Mack

told him. "Spread the wheat even and

not too thick."(Concluded on page 124)

FEBRUARY 1946 123. )

SPRING COMES TO JOHNNY ADAMS

( Concluded from page 1 23 "With these two hands, I have

Johnny forgot his weariness. It was created,"Johnny thought. The feeling

as if he were nearing the end of the race, of heavy despair within him was gone.

last stretch. as if and in all depended the weariness It was on the his body GmaM

step, white his burned that with measured walked hot and all arm had was He sweeping in long graceful curves. The evil had been consumed.

wheat fell far and wide, and as it fell

his face, sloshed over water He and turned them to gold. hands. irn# the rays of the sun caught the kernels The strong soap stung his blistered it towel. and dried with a rough Then

It was dusk when the last kernel of he looked at his face in the mirror, and wheat was sown. Johnny looked at the the face that looked back at him was

field. The acre of earth that had been the nice, scrubbed face of Johnny

barren that morning was now filled with Adams.

life. He had beat the sun. But he had

lost Barbara. He was suddenly very He said a silent prayer of thankfulrwrMA&'r tired. ness. Relief surged through him, and it

was as if a heavy load had been lifted

Uncle Mack was at his side. "Well, from his heart. He could go back to the

you did it, son. That's a good day's city and work if he wanted to. He

in Better work. go the house and wash If here. free. stay could His soul was Mayonnaise makes DURKEE'S I'll supper. up for put in the the horse stayed, only loved Barbara him had

tastier dressings better salads,.. barn."blindly. to trust enough him

gives new goodness to everybefore stood the the mirror turned and stood from He J.ohnny

still, in quite the kitchen. there a gladness looked and thing you use it with... because washbowl in was He

it's genuine his at his hands. heart. standing dirty so Barbara were For was They mayonnaise, made.-"down

finhis face. smile him, before not a tender and blistered he could on her bend fresh eggs. with

gers, but somehow he liked the look He held out his arms to her, and as he of them. For the first time he saw that held her close the scent of apple blosthey were good hands, broad, with soms filled the room, and he knew that

short, strong fingers. for him, spring had come.

"OH, WHAT SHALL THE HARVEST BE?"

DURKEE'S (Continued from page 80) Now that boy ten and his brother a passing minister to come and give a were "boobs,"and they are going to prayer over his mother's grave. grow up men who are "boobs."fOODS

About a year ago in coming from Now let's suppose that tenyear-old

Los Angeles on the train, I sat in the "boob"in ten or twelve years more of diner opposite a lady with a pair of pampering falls in love with a girl unspoiled sons, one about ten, the other derprivileged ( and I use that word very about seven. Before the meal was over, carefully) the same way. They marry

I was sorry those boys showed up in—I ask you, dear reader what kind of

company as they did, but she was only load of responsibility in the way of sitting in the nest she had made for heroffspring will they hand on to the next self. A year ago meat was hard to get. generation? What is the name of that Nevertheless, somehow beefsteak was Sunday School song?—-Oh, yes "Oh,

on the menu. The waiter first brought a What Shall the Harvest Be?"

it son. front the I suppose of younger > this nursing stop. should This BIBLES big juicy Swiss steak and placed it in "Y"ES dollars. least at cost the mother two is calf rustling old to enough be now

lad think the have jumped You'd would itself. for in children the same Some

that into his teeth the to put over moon after "nursed"are long they should way wholesome meat. But he pouted, bringbe weened. The accompanying picture is

his his as ing close as to possible nose prompted experience: by boyhood my

this forehead. attitude told His about at big family a our had house and We dollars, five story: give "Ma, and me to always cow. a had have Milk we

I'll it."steak, eat the In second came it in plenty big of a item and was

it ten. to the presented and was boy KING JAMES the budgeting VERSION family commissary. Of

his training, too, Yes, he showed home There's in course plenty a necessary one having to item meet almost every training.) of lack (I should say His is Bible of calf that need at arrive of or milk must a young old—student

too, up, say, as to nose went as much or teacher. intervals. regular for the Look a Calves were such National

I'll ten dollars eat and pay "Ma, me before trademark buy. that nuisance you It idento be expected that it was

tifies a book you can be proud to give mine."Well, they carried on. The Father bargained with the butcher

liked to mother crawl in would have—or to get. a about once a year to come and buy the

if hole. I wouldn't surprised been have new offspring.

SINCE 1863... AT YOUR BOOKSTORE shealmosthadwishingbeen capableshe had thatno sons.momentWithof But in all wellgoverned homes there

a flushed face she turned to me and are exceptions to the rule. How well I

said, "Oh, these American children."remember the exception: The stork one

FOR A COMPLETE LIBRARY I didn't answer her according to my bright morning brought a beautiful litTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA observations,swer for ), but (I'veI saidgotto enoughmyself, almostto antleFather,jerseytoo,heifer.fell in Shelove waswith a her.beauty.No

12 Issues..$2.00 aloud, "Yes, and, oh some of you Amerbutcher was called, six weeks after

ican mothers."Bossie's confinement. That attractive

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Oh, What Shall theHarvest Be?"YOU NEED NOT WAIT |

little girl was going to reach womanUntil The Beginning Of The New Academic Year To hood no matter at what barnyard inconvenience.

The calf waxed strong and was now six to months enough on its be old—old ENROLL in persisted animal but theown, drawing its livelihood from the milk headat the

5riakam Lyouna lAviiversitvi

Provo, Utah SPRING QUARTER begins MARCH 25

SUMMER QUARTER begins JUNE 10

Write For Your Catalogue Now

COSTquarters. Something had to be done. LOWThe mother cow was perfectly willing PROTECTION

to continue the indulgence of her child. FOR

Well, one day Father came home halter for strangest thatwith a calf—the

seen, I'dpiece of harness ever the SUGARwith FARQUHARBEETS fit inlaidstrap that the with nose over protruding spikes. It doesn't take muchintelligence to understand why the little IRON AGE "Iron Ape"traction sprayer

capable simplified machineheifer the milk be kept from would now protecYork, Pa. aof beet handling sugar surpriseheadquarters. Imagine of the tion as efficiently as many

that cow after nursing a child the night complicated and higher priced sprayers. to find thatbefore next morning it had TRACTION SPRAYERS thejoined family. porcupine can You

Iron Farquhar sprayers steel Age traction are duty strong frame, mechanism, and Bossie get the poor wouldsee how extensively not only being used ready adjustment long assures life with in imporworst of it. tant sugar beet districts but in other terriminimum maintenance. Tank capacity 100

potatoes, tomatoes, 100 to cantbeans, tories—foretc. efficient You know, for years I thought of the aloupes, Unusually well 300gal.—pumplbs. pressures range from as

all economical, essential as the they give FREE! "Iron sprayer cataloginjustice spikes, halter The that of Age"with

qualities desired in sprayer, modern a such fully for specifications the illustrated—with calf. heifer that shouldworn by thoroughness, as speed, Whythe handling easy and entire "Iron pressure sprayer high Age"

troublefree operation. trac- "Iron line Age"incifor detail didn't accessoriesthe every parent and Father suffer—why tion sprayers to are especially designed to of dental the crop, spraying orchard row spikes, strap bigbring a to with home of the to the to very spray ends rows grove. or...

fit of the give complete plants coverage from the hindquarters of the around cow WRITE FOR CATALOG—NOW1 underneath, as well as from above... suffer. the offender,so the calf, would of distribution provide solution even spray STATES to MOUNTAIN IMPLEMENT CO.

But the older I get the more sure without excessive visible residue. Heavy Ogden, Utah

I am that Father's philosophy was right, that the parent should get the worst ofit. You can see how well our cartoonist A. B. FARQUHAR COMPANY

has shown that the dear cow is re3408 DUKE STREET, YORK, PENNSYLVANIA minded that "the nursing must stop."

Dear parents, the greatest gift you. l m. "".

can pass on to the next generation is to hand to it a citizen that has been taught r to paddle his own canoe. There comes

a time in every child's life when it must Your cleaning break forth into a world where he has to be on his own. Someone has observed that you help a moth out of its

dies—letcocoon andit breakit is bornforth weakitself andand itsoonenPAR-tner!

ters the world vigorous and strong.

Parents, if it is necessary for you to be child that relyreminded a must on The Quality Soap foritself, if it's only the should way, you indicated. parents, pricked asbe Dear

yourself will the PARticular Housewives determineyou "what harvest shall be."

ftBRUARY 1946 125 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 97) multirivers. his sippi descendants As ERRATA settle naturally plied, along they would A MAN f %I% Tn paragraph climatically acceptable the fertile and

* article of 761 Imon page The valleys. flood river the came When for 1945, in provement December Era IIHIMtS drainMississippiAID 2, column 2, of the the the of days Noah, entitled Melchizedek?""Who Was tremenincreased to a age have must in place of should read "Shem"be that, in large measbelieve We quite in the with volume, dous harmony as follows: "Seth"drinks, eats ure, as and a man

Biblical ark be account. would Noah's is tradition is old food, he. "There an has Hebrew nature For so

given us fruits of the sun and floated on the mighty, rushing waters, that Melchizedek was none other than soil. These are priceless treastowards the Gulf of Mexico. With Shem, the son of Noah. As far as

ures, conducive to health of favorable winds, it would cross the Atthe age of Shem is concerned, that is body and mind. Besides these, lantic to the Eastern continents. There possible. Shem lived five hundred

flood, the after and Abrayears stimulants. two need no we its start race, in the second on human

ninetyhundred born two was ham fill earth, the to multiply interwill and began agree, be who You flood. the after Abraham, years tw in drink that delicious ested earth. a Shem. have therefore, known must

fruit. is grain from and made the location of of Eden Garden The is this cast upon doubt However, delightful, this wholesome And in at America, Independence, Misand that statement revealed the claim by caffeine, contains no beverage it souri, priestclears [the up received problem a which 'Melchizedek many narcotics. stimulants, or other falineage, his of the through its hood] the Bible garof account and Eden

"till of to (D. is C. millions thers, Noah.'even known & FICGO It in left students. has the of den minds

think sanely about people who a vexing historical 84:14.)—J.A.W. many

It of drink. food and is made A. W. treeripened roasted barley and clearsquestion.—/.up also

California figs, It is a boon to noncoffee drinkers who admittedly, and rightly, enjoy a wholesome hot drink with their UTAH'S GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY meals. Wholesome FICGO can (Concluded from page 75) Approximately a hundred thousand of

be freely recommended as a Catholic church and the first Jewish our sons and many daughters have healthful drink for the whole synagogue in this part of the world. evidenced their loyalty by enlisting in

family. The first Catholic mass, celebrated in the armed services, and how grateful

priest, of are that was so devout them should be many by a southern Utah we President H. BALLIF, LEONARD sung their tabernacle ones loved return and to in to permitted held a Mormon

California Ficgo Company atthe choir. impairment. serious Such was without a by Mormon

Los Angeles, California titude of the Latterday Saints toward a all real Christians who came to dwell X17e* debtlive inof a gratitudegreat state.to Wethoseowewho them. among

founded and builded it; and if we will

HpHE best blood of the world coursed please our Heavenly Father, we will in the veins of the founders of Utah. love one another, deal kindly and fairly

After fifty busy, eventful, happy years with all our fellows, and grow in peace of statehood, we meet in this noble and happiness as the years multiply.

house of worship this blessed evening As an American, I am grateful that to thank our Heavenly Father for his the blood of the Pilgrim Fathers is in watchcare over those who laid the my veins, that those who came in the foundation of this sovereign state and Mayflower bequeathed to me many of

Z>V#X'$ brought us into full fellowship of this the blessings that I enjoy. I am proud

greatest of all nations in this land choice of them and the fine record they made, HUMSUt&Sttfr above all other lands. If there were but I am just as proud of my forebears

time, the names of many people who who accepted the challenge to make were outstanding in the development their homes with God in the tops of yot/vse/r/A of this commonwealth might be menthese everlasting mountains and gave tioned. I am sure we are all grateful to to me the wonderful opportunities and

those who have preceded us who asdelightful companionships that have

On meats, fowl, cold sisted in the development of civilizabeen mine.

cuts, fish, in salads tion here to bring the state in which we I desire to express to all of my fellow and sandwiches and live to its high position among its sister citizens gratitude and appreciation for shellfish, with Duris fellowship deIt to to me. I of pride states. extended source me their aA kee's Famous Dress- I forsire to while unite with that child, even since a Utah you in carrying was

ing brings out natuwas a territory, few states ranked highward the standard of liberty and the ral flavors, makes er in education than we did. Few states blessings of civilization brought to us

things taste twice as had fewer illiterates in proportion to under the Constitution of our nation good. Peps up hors population than did we, and we have and our state, that the friendship that

d'oeuvres, too. Taste continued to guide and teach and dewe now enjoy will continue and inthis golden 17spice velop our sons and daughters until tocrease not only in mortality but

sauce just once and day they are known throughout the throughout the ages of eternity. Let us

you'll In for their accomplishments. continue never be withworld to be real and women, men

out it. let Dr. Thorndike's makebelieve; not us safeguard article entitled "The our

places of bodies, he Greatness,"physical Source characters, Utah our moral TSSraKR percent lives, higher spiritual than that twenty Massachugreatest the our joy scientists FREE 1. Easyto -do setts in the of possible and number passed and be ours be on may

men and women of affairs in proportion to our descendants for the enrichment

California to population, and Massachusetts leads of their lives eternally. In this way we

2900 fifth StreetBerkeley, thecident.others.GodThesehas giventhingstoareus noteveryan opac- canand hisdemonstratepioneer children,our gratitudewho, underto Godhis

portunity and every blessing and offers guidance, founded and gave to us the to us now encouragement to carry on. state of Utah.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GEORGE WASHINGTON

(Concluded from page 84) His famous farewell address carries ForComplete News the General hopes and trusts that officers of this thought:

their will influence every rank auuse and all habits the dispositions which and Of to thority is as unprinwhich check its me a vice religion political prosperity, lead to and it is cipled shameful. as and wicked

supports. indispensable morality are

When victory came to George Washington's armies, he did not order Cometimes the best X ray into a man'sa triumphal arch or march, but he did innermost soul is to look at him ask all chaplains in the army to render through his personal mail. Washingthanks to Almighty God. ton's letters reveal a deeprooted faith

in God. His widow, Martha Washingall letters ton, of the personal destroyed genuine humilityTITashington's

in possession. her her husband from * v in colonel out again shone a when her, notes to of Washington's One

his of a apprised him army movement preserved. been has wrote however, He these king. "Banishafoot to him make

it to take farewell as as about a he was thethoughts mind,"from your fumed the Revoluof over American commandgeneral, never from "and communicate forces. tionary her Addressing "my

else,yourself sentiment or one any a the told great of her he Patsy,"dear like nature."of a that responsibility him, to a had come

An ancient American prophet, Jacob, responsibility he had tried to avoid, and said "therehad shall be no kings upon uncertainties of the But, he ahead. 1

land."the rely, therefore, assuredly, "I shall added

In concluding his formal farewell to confidently on that Providence, which his victorious army at Rocky Hill, near has heretofore preserved and been

Princeton, New Jersey, Washington bountiful to me...."

said (speaking of himself in the third To serve its readers, to preperson) About a year later, during a dark sent complete information on of the war, penned hour Washington bid to the adieu armies he a final To every news event, the Sunlines to these a Joseph Reed to the honor long hehas.. so. had command,

can only again offer in their behalf his recday Salt Lake Tribune subthe predicament people know their we grateful Few to country, andommendations.. scribes to all five of the... If I. in, in accounts. are a thousandhis the of armies. prayers to God May

ample justice be done them here, and may rise superior to these and many other diffination's great news services.

I shall culties which might be enumerated, favors, here heaven's of the choicest both religiously that the finger believe of Tribune editors choose their those, hereafter, the most attend who, underand divine auspices, have secured innumerable Providence is in it.... material from the wires of

blessings for others.... Associated Press, United

of faith Washington's beacon in the Press, International News the miserable Washington acknowledged God's cause winter shone out in deliverance of the colonists, even as of trouble and trial in 1 77677. Toryism Service, New York TimesNephi rife in ranks, the Staff and disForeign American had foreseen almost 2400 years was Chiand thebefore: in its raising sension ugly head was Press cago Tribune Service.

And I, Nephi, beheld that the Gentiles Congress itself. On New Year's day

that captivity of out deto his brilliant had were he gone wrote French young TribSunday Salt Lakelivered the of of the still by power friend, in his The Lafayette, who was 2 God out all nations. of other itshands first thus discharges une twenties: early

and primary trust to its readGeorge Washington's thoughts often... But we must not, in so great a

reached heavenward in his public uttercontest, expect to meet with nothing but ers: Complete news coverthat sunshine. everythingances. I have his no doubt he resigned commisWhen that is accurate,

best, shall for the that triumph, age—news happens wesion as to commanderin-chief Conin the alert. Only Tribune... be end happy. and in the..gress, the ". support he acknowledged

of the supreme power of the Union, and can you enjoy the advanthe patronage of heaven...."In his first The faith of the great soldierstates- tages of this complete news

characteristic death. in was He lay,inaugural address he said man presentation. in pale, at his beloved his bedroom

to bled be peculiarly Vernon. improper It would had been omit in Mount He The Sunday Salt Lakethis first official fervent supplicaheavily, act, my thought a method for that was

Tribune onlytions when 4Jc to that Almighty in those days. cure Being who rules over of end As the

... universe.the taken with TribDaily the his neared, dramatically to he turned

MI Nephi 10:11 physician, and said, "Doctor, I die hard; une or the Daily Salt Lake

n Nephi 13:19 but I am not afraid to go."Telegram.

Indeed Calvin Coolidge reechoed the message of the prophets when, before a hushed Congress two hundred years after Washington's birth, he said of the father of this country:

His stature increases with the increasing years. In wisdom of action, in purity of

character, he stands alone. We cannot yet

estimate him. We can only indicate our

reverence for him and thank the Divine

Providence which sent him to serve and inspire his fellow men. \y

FEBRUARY 1946 127 QJoi/irTouje cwi Ot/irs

Dear Editors: Flavor to Taste

Thanks for a letter received recently accepting a poem of mine.... No other magazine can ever seem to me quite Dentist: "What kind of filling do you want?"

like The Improvement Era. My only son gave his life in France Boy: "Chocolate."

in March and among his things sent home was a copy of a poem from your mazagine which he must have especially liked and Honor Insured kept among the few treasures a soldier can retain.

Sincerely, Professor: "This examination will be conducted on the

Lalia Mitchell Thornton honoralternatesystem.rows."Please take places three seats apart and in

The Strength of a Name The Half Plus TOpatea groupthe ofslaves,citizensPresidentwho hadLincolncalled saidto urgeit washim toimpossibleemanciRastus: "Well, Sam, how is your better half this morning."

at that stage of the war, and that proclaiming the negroes free Sam: "She's better, but you is sure careless with your

would not make them so. By way of analogy he asked his fractions."

callers: "How many legs will a sheep have if you called the

tail a leg?"Never Bother Trouble

"Five,"was the reply.

mistaken,"are "You worry, can't boy? Worrying help you."said Lincoln, "for calling a tail a leg "Why my it so."not does make 'That's I can't either."help so, and worrying,

Unimpeachable Sources Listing Tohada manin thewhofield,askedLincolnhow manyreplied:men"Twelvethe Confederatehundred ArmythouTeacher: "Jimmy, name five things that contain milk."

sand, according to the best authority."Jimmy: "Butter, ice cream, cheese, and two cows."

"Good heavens,"cried the man.

"Yes, sir,"repeated Lincoln, "twelve hundred thousand—no Reform Desired

doubt of it. You see, all of our generals, when they get

whipped, outnumbers say the enemy believe I must to one, and them. We havethem fourfromhundredthree orthoufive housing"I wantreform;postwarI wantreform,"politicalshoutedreform;theI want.candidate....""I want

sand men in the field, and three times four makes twelve.""Chloroform!"suggested a listener.

Financially Speaking

"Please help a poor cripple."

here's fellow, "Poor a dime. Where are you crippled?"GERTRUDE HOFFMAN sir."finances, "In my

seven For the past Point of View manyears hasGertrudeattendedHoffthe "How much is that Jersey cow of yours worth?"Harvardwithout WardhavingM.I.A.been

"Are you the tax assessor or has she been killed by a train?"absent.desire is thatHer inearnesta few

years she may be able That Old Feeling hasto fillbeena missionpreparingand for it regular by her "Anything wrong?"the man said to a sailor who was slumped attendance at Mutual a park bench."on studied has she where

"I'm listless."the gospel and enright joyed the kind "Lost pep?"your

recreation through list "No, my association of phone numbers."ofwholesome

Maybe So ofwiththeotherward. members

Nell: "Mary must be very softhearted. She weeps at the

slightest provocation."

Jennie: "Not necessarily-—think what a block of ice does."

SUNDAY SCHOOL GROUP OF THE OAKLAND WARD, OAKLAND STAKE, ASSEMBLED OUTSIDE THEIR CHAPEL. J. RULON DOXEY IS THE BISHOP.

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Product of INTERNATIONAL

An old and honored name The PRODUCTS that Harvester builds oni the farm they serve the ultimate wel-

A 115year record in American industry. A in its twentyone manufacturing plants fare oi—you, the reader of these tvords.

Tractors International—the and Farmpioneer history that with began Cyrus harvester seen has America has grow—International Trucks, the the Equipment,McCormicIc the of the and Invention Reaper its in he immeasurably ped development.

in Industrial International Tractors En1831. Reputation that and endured, has good will in help Harvester greater in measure

will that prize. we in every gines—are today working country

lies that era the for ahead industry new in land. the and community of symbol resolution newA and purpose—agriculture. and

"1"letterthe red letter the black on "H". is fact the to important us that not And

International "ount on Harvester and to build renewed determination productsA their that millions but build them, of we the International sell Dealers and who lastingof quality—build to that machines Highly/ speak that them. owners of Not seivice products coast "IH"from to coast. in essentialare the to plan American make sell the dealers International them, but

a better America, that, on thejob, they serve just about International Harvester Company

These things are International Harvester. everybodyj/everywhere. In the city and 18$ N. Michigan Ave. Chicago 1, Illinois

Listen to "Harvest of Stars"every Sunday. NBC Network

BUILDING MOHyMEHTS The inspiration to see....

the.:: cottrage:. to. venture;;*;.;;.:..:.

tlie: labor.; enci: sacrifice-: to:;

achfeve—t'bas is: on ettii*-H;

;er fey carved mmmimnemi

E "-- i =::::: [ -":: ";.:/|rtl;f3 r**el*il

;|of ffetir;;e;sftei:Jfe;!fp;H r

;:::-:t: im ttdsv;es:"si::i:hiti:0Siwepf

illl ifi:.'courage, and

!"'lilfS!ltiiie.of;fieei:rlsei

mmwmjkwmmmn &eorqe Albert Smith Pres.