Reproduction of a mural on wall at Chichen Itza,

Yucatan, Mexico, depicting dark and light peoples.

JULY 1955

new hjjtfr1

* '""'">*: Zl Ced c*ar 1 8ra Stuffed Snack Rolls are juicy—but m-m-m!

So delicious and easy to handle with a gay ZEE Napkin "wraparound."

New ZEE Napkins are so soft, yet so much more absorbent you rarely need more a than one per meal. They're strong when wet.

No washing, no ironing for you!

In colors, too

ZEE pWu'Cm

y Crown Zellerbach Corporation the cracker "that -features

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Average length of life in the United

States is now 68.5 years, a gain of

nearly four years in the last decade according to the US Public Health

Service. In 1900 females lived an average of 2 years longer than males but

this has now increased to 6 years for 71.8 years to 65.9 for the males.

A onstudythe rattlingof the effectfrequencyof temperatureof a rattlesnake has been made by L. E. Chadwick and H. Rahn. They found that

the Crotalus v. viridis when clocked

with a stroboscope increased its rattling from 17 times a second at 46 F. to 89 at

97 F. which is perhaps faster than the

frequency of humming bird wings at the same temperature.

Metals are not as strong in practice as would be expected from theory.

Perfect crystals of pure iron, however, are 100 times stronger, agreeing with theory, and are resistant to rust.

The energy which reaches the earth from the sun is about 30,000 times the rate at which energy is being used in fuel and waterpower, according to

Professor Roger Adams.

n the search for chemicals which attract the common house fly by smell, it has been found that a group of chemicals, the aliphatic aldehydes, are effective. Isovaleraldehyde was investigated

when it was found that flies were more attracted to a 10 percent mash solution, which had a similar smell, than any other of several hundred natural products tested.

Professor Wayne D. Criddle, reporting on studies of water use made

by Utah State and US agencies at Vernal and Ferron, Utah, has given the quantities of water needed for various crops:

Alfalfa consumes about 37.4 inches of

water a year; pasture, 35.9; corn, wheat,

barley, and oats consume about 23 inches. Excess water, over and above

that needed for irrigation, is returned to the stream by surface or subsurface

Salt lake Phoenix PocaTello routes. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

JULY 1955 481.

A Curio from Contemporary Scholarship

As a man by Dr. G. Homer Durham

thinketh. VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

or, like in us Toynbee, Let London?

it further 2 great new books to Onepassingmonthreferenceago thisto thecolumnlife workgave suppose that your had come to help young and old of Professor Arnold J. Toynbee, parattention, that you had access to all the

choose the right! ticularly to the last four volumes (VIIChurch publications since the first edi-

X) of his Study of History. It is intertion of the Book of Mormon and Eveesting to ask whether a movement like ning and Morning Star. Further, that

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday you had available all the books devoted

Saints comes to the view of such a scholto this Church found in the LDS of studies in Historian's Office the Royal in Salt ar. A director City, Lake

IF WERE of International Affairs has in the Berrain Collection the New IN TEENS Institute IMY many things brought to his attention York Public Library, and whatever sparkling A over the years. Such achievements as the is available in the British Museum. series from the

Improvement Roman Empire, Athenian democracy in Let us now assume that you can i Pericles, of the age Era the written of give Great perhaps Wall or six sentences j were in If in retrospect the China, Christian message, the Valley three this stage paragraphs—atfive by prominent in rise of Kings ancient Egypt, of ileens the of the the in Church your manutwohistory—toof leaders 111 of

youth. papacy, the birth of the great religions in script. Suppose you decided to limit

Vibrant. the Fertile Crescent and in yourself to three facts,

Stimulating. the OxusJaxartes Basin events, or personalities for

$2.00 are bound to receive procomment. As you sift the

found analysis. What of material, along with the

men, institutions, events *f \ rise of the Han dynasty of more obscure, recent in China, the Trojan origin? war, and the rest, what

All people are selfwould you select to say conscious. Curiosity about about this Mormon

THE STORY how we affect others is phenomenon, 18201950?

OF THE one of the principal preWhat three things, in

PEARL OF occupations of most individuals. Only your judgment, have stood out in 130

GREAT PRICE infrequently, said Wendell Phillips, do years that may have come to the atten- a few "forget themselves into immortaltion of the world at large? (Not your

ity."But curiosity about how indiattention.) Selections will probably be

viduals and groups affect others can be as different and varied as the backvery useful. Very few marriages of the ground, experience, and judgment of indesirable kind or business contracts and dividual readers. And they will probother human affairs, could be comably not be at all like Toynbee's.

pleted without some hint as to what Here then, for the sake of curiosity, kind of "splash"we have made. The is what Toynbee's Study has to say

"splash"and the "ripples"are sometimes about Mormonism. Perhaps as we note

of the trained most carefully $3.00 tiny,interpreted.sometimesFromlarge,a varietyvery ofoftenpointsmisof whatand observantone scholars of our times has

view, however, men and movements noted, some perspective can be gained perspectives. gain valuable can Let us about ourselves.

question, the ask has * the restored

The massive index to the final four Church, in existence only a brief movolumes contains three references. One civilization, of proin the span ment

is to it "Smith, Joseph,"in and appears or Order Mail Bookcraft Thru by Dealers sufficient to to "splash"duced come '55 BOOKCRAFT July at VII volume in page the 753 followSalt South 1186 City, Lake Main, Utah of of attention the author the Study A "... ing context. established sacred an Please send me. History? of

I If In book,"writes Teens "is Were Toynbee, My impresan is yes. answer The Story the of The Pearl Price of Great sive of instrument confers power which

I Before kind examining type what for and enclose which check or money its possessors on enviable an prestige in of gives to attention Toynbee the for order $ the of estimation parvenus have no who let ask question. us another Church,

it; to pit against Name the oband

a were Chinese monk, If you an viousscriptures for is remedy religion to put a new Address editor, or a Arabian European Western its equal terms itself on with seniors by if C'ty professor; and, State you were attempting

producing a distinctive sacred of book to analyze the documents and monuthen cites of own."He the example left in around the globe ments the its

past six thousand years, do you think the Primitive Christian Church in addthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ing its own "New Testament"to the Old Bookcraft Saints would have come to your attenTestament of the Hebrews, (also the 1186 SO. MAIN SALT LAKE CITY tion? Let us say, if you were a presiding Koran of Islam, and the Granth of the

scholar in Ceylon, Tashkent, Khartoum, (Continued on page 541) 482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Take me home to the Ball Game!

Baseball is as much a part of the American scene as lemonade, hot dogs and family gatherings.

Mountain West families find great sport each Saturday at 11 a.m. watching Major League Baseball on KSLTV, Channel 5,

Be looking for your favorite players in action.

families agree on ImSfc TV channel$

JULY 1955 483

vJrficial \Jraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church'WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Uke Ckurck of

/jesuS ikrist n>J rW VOLUME 58 r> NUMBER 7 JJy 1955 Or cJLatterdau Saints

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM G. HOMER- - JR. HARRIS, FRANKLINContributing NIBLEY MILTON R. HUNTER HUGH

- A. B. LEE SIDNEY B. SPERRY PALMERS. CLAUDE -PETERSEN General Manager: Associate R. Manager:- CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA

- Business Advertising Manager: F. Director: D. GILES S. SCOTTREEDER JOHN VERL

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Uke C-tover

Otto Done's color photograph of a mural on a wall in the ruins at Chichen Itza,

The Editor's Page Yucatan, Mexico, provides this unusual cover study. For more details of this reSome Essentials of a Permanent Marriage production depicting lightand darkskinned

. President David O. McKay 493 people,Mormon,"see by"ArchaeologyPresident Miltonand theR. BookHunterof

on page 496.

Church Features Your Question: The Sin against the Holy Ghost EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Joseph Fielding Smith 494 50 North Main Street

The Way of the Church—II: Two Views of Church History Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

-HughNibley 502 Y.W.M.I. A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Church Moves On Melehizedek Priesthood 528 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

New Appointee to YMMIA General Presiding Bishopric's Page 530 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

Assothe Improvement Mutual by Board 489 published

LatChrist of of Jesus the Church ciations of terday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance

Special Features foreign25c singlesubscriptions,copy. $3.00 a year, in advance;

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, for matter. Acceptance secondclass as Utah,...Franklin S. Harris, in the Magazines Jr. 490 Mormons

provided of special postage rate at mailing Archaeology and the Book Milton 496 R. Hunter 1917, au1103. of October section in Act for of Mormon—III

1918. 2, July thorized Killed Accidents are in Automobile Why People

is responsible not Era Improvement The Sherman W. Thorpe, M.D. 499 unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes confor

Thankful Hearts C. E. Meredith 500 tributions.panied by sufficientAll manuscriptspostage formustdeliverybe accomand

"... Harris—Conclusionpublish it upon the mountains,".. The StoryWin. ofH.MartinHomer, Jr. 505 return. Change of Address

"How Glorious is Youth That is Clean"Rex A. Skidmore 508 Thirty days'notice required for change of

inAll-time please Subscriptions a ordering change, address. Reach High A. Glen Snarr 510 When ERA

issue slip a recent of address from clude Square Spoken from Temple The Word cannot changes be Address the magazine.

Richard L. Evans 518, 520, 524, 540 madeone isunlessincluded.the old address as well as the new

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Durham 482

Harris, Jr 481 On the Bookrack 486

These Times, A Curio from ContemYour Page & Ours 544 porary Scholarship, G. Homer

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Clifford Mrs. Enjoy G. Snows K. Kent Fixit, Ruth The TOWNSEND COMPANY 535 EDWARD S.

Iris Parker 110 Sutter St. Meals, Miniature 532 Gardening, Good Helen D.

Girls Like Plaid! Louise Price Bell 534 Stanley 536 San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

672 Lafayette Park Place Los Angeles 57, California ies, Poetry SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

Edna's Misapprehension Ruth Tanner 501 New York 17, N. Y.

DAVIS & SONS St. N. LaSalle Young Fisherman, Christie Jeffries..486 Frontispiece, Salt Lake Valley, From 30

Lest Any Truth Be Lost, Jane H. 1847, Katherine F. Larsen 491 Chicago, Illinois

Merchant 489 Poetry Page 492 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Captain Frank L. Swaim judges automobile

gasoline the way he judges aviation gas

II'S PERFORMANCE THAT COUNTS

paistieAccentofi

Accent on Higher Octane! Both it in your own car, with your ownnew FliteFuel and new Phillips 66 gas gauge. Performance/

Gasoline have been fortified for inAccent on Cleanliness! Today's

creased power and higher octane. New new FliteFuel and new Phillips 66

FliteFuel is the only gasoline to Gasoline are made with high purity which is added the super aviation fuel natural gasoline components which component Diisopropyl. And today's burn clean. So they don't need an

FliteFuel is better than ever. antifouling additive.

Accent on Long Mileage! Proven It's Performance that Counts! And

ability to deliver long mileage under the way to judge gasoline performance all driving conditions is another is in your car. Drive in today for a

reason why FliteFuel has won new tankful at your neighborly Phillips users at a record breaking rate. Prove 66 Dealer's.

Phillips Petroleum Company

In Driveway Service, too ffi Terfbrmwce That Counts!

SEE YOUR PHILLIPS 66 DEALER!

JULY 1955 485 ON THE BOOKRACK KITCHEN CHflRm NOT BY BREAD ALONE craft Company, Salt Lake City. 142

WAXED PAPER pany,(BryantSaltS. LakeHinckley.City. 128Bookcraftpages. Com1955. pages.This 1955.companion$1.00.) book to four other

offers $1.50.) this compiler same books by KEEPS FOOD will stories verse which and One can do no better than quote from additional FRESHER LONGER! the foreword by Elder Mark E. prove most usable to the teacher and

Petersen: "The work of President Hinckspeaker. The excerpts are succinct and

ley should be preserved. It has been labeled for ready usage. That there is

masterful and courageous. It has shown variety may be gleaned by even a

a deep and understanding nature and cursory glance at the table of contents, has touched the heartstrings of young which will serve as a ready reference and old alike throughout the Church. for those who need pertinent, concrete

"At the time of this publication illustrations.

President Hinckley is eightyseven years of age. He has been a personal witness KNOW THE BIBLE

to the unfolding of a great era. His (Benjamin Alward. Deseret Book Comcareer has spanned the entire, period pany, Salt Lake City. 337 pages. 1954.

from the oxcart to the jet plane."$2.50.)

Our own personal witness is that This sixth edition of this valuable book

Bryant S. Hinckley, leader in, the is presented to the field with addiChurch as stake and as mission presitional materials, which have been caredent, has much to offer the world in fully authenticated, and in addition the

the matter of building lives founded on revisions have been made on all of the the rock of truth. The seventyfive other material which is included in the

gems that are included in this work will book.

prove valuable for reading and invaluIncluding the fiftyseven original quesable for the speaker. tions which have been answered by

In presenting this work his daughters more than one thousand scriptural pasbear tribute to him: sages, the book in addition contains

"We hope to share with others some ninetyeight pages of pertinent and inof the philosophy and ideals of a father teresting material suggested by the readers of the other editions. They wrote POPULAR WITH MILLIONS who has exerted such an endearing and

OF HOUSEWIVES... enduring influence upon our lives."offering suggestions which the compilerAT ALL LEADING GROCERS has considered and from which he has

STORY CLASSICS selected that which has been most conThis Summer—come to life in (Compiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Booksistently desired.

YOUNG FISHERMAN COOLEnjoy miles of uncrowded By Christie Jeffries bay and ocean beaches, sailtl ing, water skiing, worldHThe river bank was summer green, Falling straight, as plummets fall, /i famous fishing. Cool, So new it seemed impermanent. Into the water plopping slow,

rested, sinker there, halfhid, below, sank halfseen. The stood boy cool breezes always! A

Farther quick than swirl, intent eye could go; to the water's Close

On casting as if casting meant Did not come up at all

More in his life than any game Until the nearly paralyzed

He yet had learned. The rod between Boy muscles sensed the moment's need,

His clutching fingers was as new Flung into action at wild speed, line. in the Breathless Reeled his he spied slender leaves; frame the were As VisitSAN exciting harbor, our thrashing shiner cast, hook. on the arching to the poised A make Was Balboa Zoo. and Park it with enormous, saw wide line follow through He the and snap To

lovely Jolla, 't= La—Mt. Palomar if as fixed could look he Eyes not white to massed foam deeps where the Down

Del Mar and Coronado. Against the river's changeful blue, Half hard enough to realize

And rainbow trout went slipping past. That his was this tremendous prize.

Over and over through the air, He had fulfilment of his wish;

The rod whipped with a rapier flash. But as his catch shone in the sun,

The line leaped out, escaping bare His dreams progressed from this first fish ForeignDIEGOatmosphere of nearby Sharppointed twigs, a grapevine lash. To landing a yet bigger one.

Old Mexico makes this America's only International Playground

SEND FOR FREE FOLDERS

SAN DIEGO CONVENTION AND TOURIST BUREAU 924 2nd Ave., San Diego 1, Cali-f., Room 333

NAME ADDRESS i I CITY ZONE STATE L. 486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA make your Genealogical work easier, more enjoyable with the right "tools"

3. Book Sheets Guide of Remembrance 1 Our Eleven sectional illustrations titles, with and hHe\* FomUySnttS instructions, are included in this set. $1.00

4. The ABC's of American Genealogical

Research E. Kay Kirkham

A wealth of information on how to fill in family group sheets and pedigree charts, and the -f 100 genealogical necessary steps in genealogical research. $1.25 12 p> 2. Q anan assortment 5. for Genealogical Guide Research, withwith. Faimg 44 binder pedl Same, BUffl Archibald Bennett sheets 12 ee,ot These per defines objective sheets. This the book of genealogical Pictu, anct 2 tmg History, 5Q research, acquaints the genealogist and with Family

of varied the pedigrsheets. sources information now availRecord fonal able. $2.00

6. L.D.S. Family Record Post Binder

This sturdy heavyduty post binder, in imitation leather, contains space for 300 sheets.

Choose maroon, light blue, or white. $5.00

the ILu (",;5 GENEALOGICAL SHEETS AVAILABLE OF 7. Ruled Family History Sheets 13. Ruled History Family

8. Personal Record Sheets 14. dozen; Family Sheets Group 70c—Sheets10c 9. Family Group Record Sheets a 1000. $6.00 100; a—25c dozen; 'CESEALOat-V!

$1.40 for 100; $12.00 for 1000. 15. Pedigree Charts (Working Forms)—10. Pedigree Charts (5 Generation) 10c dozen; a $7.00 1000. 80c a 100;

11. Pedigree Charts (8 Genera16. Personal Record Sheets tion)—15c; folded chart 17. Plain Bond Sheets, Punched (Light

punched to fit binder 25c Weight) 15c dozen; $1.25 a 100; $10.00

each. a 1000. K.K wsa<==S\ Picture Pedigree for (Heavy Weight Mounting) Chart—3c—30c

each; 35c dozen. dozen; $1.50 $15.00 a 1000. a 100;

Deseret Booh Co.

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY ORDER

Temple, 44 East South Salt Lake City, Utah

: Open a Gentlemen BY MAIL! Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

for the to my account the following amount Convenient

All Genealogical Supplies s items( ) charge list Item Prioe CHARGE

Postage Paid ACCOUNT Shipped in Anywhere the U.S. Name....

Address

City., Zone r.*-J:Ti Residents of Utah include 2% salesStatetax. 1

JULY 1955 487 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

the two missions is attributed to the Fred W. Schwendiman of the Wells

April 1955 Latterday Saint members who are mem- (Salt Lake City) Stake, succeeding Elder rt j President Stephen L Richards of bers of the armed forces. President George E. Eason. Elder Nicholas J.

L \ the First Presidency dedicated the Smith, accompanied by Sister Smith, will Teerlink is first counselor in the stake chapel of the Sacramento First Ward, go by boat to Yokohama. presidency.

Sacramento (California) Stake. Special services were held in many of

Elder LeGrand Richards of the CounPresident Joseph Fielding Smith the wards of the Church, commemoratcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel O of the Council of the Twelve dediing the restoration of the Aaronic Priestof the Fredonia Ward, Kanab (Utahcated the newly remodelel chapel of the hood.

Arizona) Stake. Thirtythird Ward, Bonneville (Salt Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to

President S. Dilworth Young of the Lake City) Stake. the Council of the Twelve, dedicated

First Council of the Seventy dedicated Elder John Longden, Assistant to the the chapel of the Lehi Third and the chapel of the Banning Branch, Council of the Twelve, dedicated the Seventh wards, Lehi (Utah) Stake.

California Mission. During this tour chapel of the Shelley Second Ward,

volfifth annual allChurch The of the California Shelley Stake. (Idaho) Mission Elder Young

in leyball tournament began today (I dedicated at branch chapels Oceanside of the Most of Schools Sunday City. the Salt Lake El and Centro, California, and appropriate held Mother's at Church Day

Parker, Arizona. services. First Presidency announced The

President D. Marion of the Hanks B. Elder Assistant to the Brown, Hugh the of Elder appointment Thomas

First of Council the Seventy dedicated of Council the Twelve, dedicated the as.president of the S. Bingham new

the of chapel Bluff the Branch, Red of chapel the West to Suburban South Ward, Australian organMission be

Northern California Mission. Chicago (Illinois) Stake. ized soon under the direction of Elder

Marion G. Romney of the Council of

of the was made is curthe President Twelve. Bingham President David O. along McKay, of Elder 3"Announcementappointment Stanford G. rently as serving the in counselor a

Jj| with others, twenty some a was to of Smith the general board the Young of presidency Riverdale the (Utah) dinner guest at the House, White WashAssociation.Men's Mutual Improvement

Stake. as bishop of served the He has ington, D. C.

Riverdale Ward, where he was also a

The First Presidency announced bishop's counselor, a ward clerk, and a 1955 May superintendent in School. the Sunday the appointment of Alfred Elder I 4

will Mrs. to accompany Bingham him E. as president Rohncr of the SouthIvins R. of the Antoine field this of labor. new west Indian Mission, Presisucceeding 1 PresidentFirst of the dediCouncil Seventy First Presidency the announced The dent R. Golden a Buchanan. As young the ofcated chapel the City Brigham of Elder appointment Herald Grant President filled a Rohner man missionSecond Elder South (Utah) Ward, Box president as of the Heaton new Southern in States. the Eastern served has the HeStake. to East Mission Far organized be soon variously as Church president of an

direction of President the under Joseph ciders'superintendent of quorum, the Carl of the W. Buehner Fielding of the of Smith the Council

of bishop YMMIA, Inglewood Ward, 4 BishopPresiding Bishopric dedicated the President misTwelve. a Heaton was five for served he where onehalf and ofchapel the Heber Fourth Ward, for sionary the Church Kong in Hong years, as a of the high council member Stake. (Utah)Wasatch missionaries the were withdrawn when of the old (California) Hollywood

1951. area in that from then went He Stake, as president and of Inglewood First Presidency announced The to served three Hawaii, where he months 7 (California) it Stake organwas when that President Fielding Joseph as a missionary, transthen he was and ized in 1939. Mrs. will serve Rohner of ofSmith the Council the Twelve ferred the to Mission Chinese which President this field in Rohner to orient the go inwould and with June 'the in organized been then of had San labor.divide the Mission. Japanese new The area. in Francisco misserved that He

missions be given would names, new

Japanese beand the name would dis-. Elder Frank B. Bowers, formerly sionently fora teacherthirteeninmonths.the seminaryHe issystemprescontinued. Headquarters of the new 1 D first counselor to President Junius in the Salt Lake City area and is finishNorthern Far East Mission will be at M. Jackson of the Bonneville (Salt Lake ing his work for a college degree. His

Tokyo, Japan, present "home"of the City) Stake, was sustained as president wife, the former Roxcy Luana Carter and

Japanese Mission. Included in the of that stake. President Jackson has their infant son will accompany him to

Far East Mission will be Japan, Korea, recently been called to preside in the this new field of labor.

and Okinawa. The new Southern Far New England States Mission. Elder Lakewood Ward, East Long Beach

Gerald G. Smith, formerly second counEast Mission, will Philipinclude the (California) allChurch Stake, won the

sustained as first selor, was counselor.pines, Formosa, British the and Guam, volleyball defeating tournament by

Port of Hong Kong on the Chinese Elder Ira B. Sharp was sustained as secClearfield First Ward, North Davis

mainland. Headquarters of this mission ond counselor. (Utah) Stake. Consolation award was

is expected to be at Manila. Much of Elder Clarence E. Schank was suspresented to Ogden Fortysecond Ward,

the Church activity within the area of tained as second counselor to President (Concluded on page 539) 488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Appointee to YMMIA

General Board JUST APPIVED AT >6up (SPOCEPt/

Stanford G. Smith

TheG. appointmentSmith to the ofgeneralElder boardStanfordof

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association has been announced.

Elder Smith, who is currently returning to Utah with his family, has lived in California since returning from his mission in South Africa in 1935. He has been a member of the

Los Angeles Stake high council, bishop of the Wilshire Ward; an instructor

of Mutual and Sunday School classes, assistant YMMIA superintendent in

Pasadena Ward, Pasedena (California) Stake, assistant superintendent in the YMMIA in Wilshire Ward, Los

Angeles Stake, assistant stake superintendent of the YMMIA in Los Angeles

Stake, and a seminary teacher. At

the time of his appointment to the general board he was serving as superintendent of the Santa Barbara

Ward YMMIA, Santa Barbara (California) Stake.

Elder Smith married the former

Mary Ellen Stoddard. The couple

have five children.

His first assignment of the general board will be on the Scout committee.

LEST ANY TRUTH BE LOST

By Jane H. Merchant

If I should wound you, speaking what I 1 hold As truth in needlessly emphatic terms,

Expressing with a tongue too bluntly bold

For grace conviction that my heart affirms,

Believe me, it is but my eagerness

To add to universal truth the grain

Of inward certitude which I possess

Through wellauthenticated joy and pain,

For I am well aware no word of mine

Is all of truth, for truth is various

As individual hearts that must divine

INCORPORATED THE SEA, CHICKEN OFTheir own, scrupulous it with and utter

ISLAND. CALIFORNIA TERMINALSwift zeal, of the cost exceeding aware

Should any particle of truth be lost.

JULY 1955 489 Oklahoma in the early 1930's. They ment of Mormonism which is generaldeveloped a set of individualistic proply sound and carefully done. David

erty arrangements, a different utilizaBrion Davis (member of the Gradution of the property patterns from ate School of Arts and Sciences, Harthose at Rimrock, and a highly scatvard University) has written "The tered type of community. New England Origins of MormonIn a comparison of the two comism,"in The New England Quarterly

munities in four problems, the differ- (Brunswick, Maine), 26, 147168 ence is highlighted by their accom- (1953). Mr. Davis'summary of docplishments: 1. To meet the "tight"trines and quotations seems to show aMORMONS

land situation for thirtytwo returning good general understanding with the

World War II veterans, Rimrock borexception of a few points. It is of

in the rowed $10,000.00 from the Coopera- course difficult for one who does not

tive Security Corporation of the accept the LDS explanation of the

Church and bought land to be used origins of doctrines and practices to cooperatively by the veterans. In 1934 find for certain where they came from.MAGAZINES a federally planned program to give Mr. Davis ably helps to portray the

land on a cooperative basis fell New 'England background and the through in Homestead. 2. In Rimrock contemporary scene of the organiza-

a construction company building a tion and early growth of the Church.

nearby state highway was used to He views Mormonism as "not priby Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. gravel the streets for $800.00, financed marily a religion but a social moveUNIVERSITY OF UTAH by each family's paying $20.00. With ment."Allowing for this and his feel-

a similar chance, Homestead coming that Mormonism can be derived munity did nothing; only a few busifrom its contemporary scene and dinesses had a few loads of gravel rect antecedents, he does a good job.

hauled for themselves. 3. With state

local life residents aid, the of in Rimrock philosophy the LDS article Tn a thoughtful "Mormonbuilt a the labor supplied betand daily to problemsDoeshelp meet high *- ism and Literature"Westin The classis extra school fascinating and ter? gymnasium reading There

in a report made by Evon Z. Vogt (of rooms with each ablebodied man ern Humanities Review (Salt Lake

Harvard University) and Thomas F. contributing fifty hours work or $50. City, Utah), (9 Winter, 195455, pp.

O'Dea (of Massachusetts Institute of In Homestead a similar opportunity 8589), William Mulder (University

Technology), "A Comparative Study was rejected by the community, leavof Utah) examines briefly the Book of of the Role of Values in Social Action ing a partially completed gymnasium Mormon influence in the early in Two Southwestern Communities,"and 10,000 adobe bricks disintegratChurch, and the early emphasis on

American Sociological Review (Aling slowly with the rains, which literacy with schoolteachers and college graduates leaderincluded in the to the indi- "stand as monuments 645654 18, (1953). York)bany, New

ship. there that Then commenting 4. of is the homesteaders."of effect of "those vidualism the a studyThis

views of the world, often implicitly The Mormons have always considered has been no great religious classic proheld, which, define the meaning of dancing to be an important recreation, duced (aside from the scripture), he human life or the 'life situation of so every Friday a wellconducted says that there is a rich legacy in man'and thereby provide the condance is enjoyed at Rimrock. Dances the journals of the pioneers in which

text in which dayto-day problems are calendared several times a year "in this unpretentious subliterature of are solved."A comparison is drawn at Homestead, but often end early Mormon journals we come close to

between two communities in western "when tensions between rival families understanding history"and that "it is

New Mexico, which face the same result in fistfights."as a collective expression that Mormon

literature its greatest makes impact forty situated areproblems. They conobvious the draw The authors in rather single than any so far work livpeople apart, withmiles each 250 philosophy of the clusion that the two artist."single by any conditions and the sameing under difference. the communities makes

meeting the same problems in agriWith the comment that presentculture and livestock raising. Dis- "It is a curious fact that the vast day novels written about Mormon excussed under names madeup to proliterature on Mormonism tends to perience are "far better ones today

tect their informants, the Mormon treat the subject as everything but a than the old lurid treatments,"Mr.

"Rimrock"differs from the nonMor- religion. Until the twentieth century Mulder touches on the special diffimon "Homestead"dryfarming only the issue was so incendiary that nonculties of Mormon fiction and throws

by irrigational farming. Mormon publications were usually out the challenge for good writing in

Rimrock was settled in the 1870's either polemics written or preached by spirit and style. He concludes with,

and maintained in the face of great Protestant ministers or sensational "Mormon literature will move toward difficulties. It developed into the exposes by people who claimed to have the promise of its highly articulate becharacteristic LDS pattern of compenetrated Brigham Young's iron curginnings, for Mormon readers will

pact village, with cooperative, social, tain."demand of Mormon writers authentic

and economic arrangements with the voices, whether in fiction, in history,

Church and its activities as the central Tt is pleasant to pick up a scholarly in biography, or in missionary tract core. Homestead was settled by *- journal and find an article which the authority of good writing, of

migrants from western Texas and commences and continues in a treattruths made memorable."

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph by Hal Rumcl &$lak /#47 Mty.j*

by Katherine F. Larsen

.. and the land lay idle in shimmering heat, L ate July.

Lizardlazy, somnolent beneath wheeling gull and hovering hawk,'

Devil grass riffling to intermittent wind, salt lands to the west

Spread to the lake's edges, bleaching under steady sun,

Splotched here and there by scudding cloud shadow....

Here, inhabited by elusive gopher, bounding jackrabbit, slithering snake,

Coyote and bison making trail through greengray seas of sage;

Here, from the easterly hills broke early wagon track behind plodding oxen, And the first mancries, save the wandering Indian's, or the early mountain men's

Trapping beaver up and down the spare streams, cut the desert silence since Peter Skene Etienne Provot—Jim Bridger—Jedediah Smith—or perhaps

Ogden Gazed with eyes keened to distance at the smoky Oquirrhs;

Or the misfortunehaunted Donners ribboned the unblemished salt

With a tragic trail reaching westward....

Here, then, into waste and spatial silence the resolute men of purpose

Came to cry awake the sleeping valley broad and supine under the sun;

To guide silver water channeling the dust, to grub the stubborn sage,

Until the sullen land yielded, and tilled green spread peripheral

From the square where the temple rose, indomitably, over four decades,

And over the easterly hills, from far lands and over expanse of seas,

Trekked the many following the intrepid few...

And the towns began... and grew... drawing down from cool canyons

Living water to sustain the ingathering peoples, beebusy

Over the humming land....

JULY 1955 491.

THREE SONNETS

FOR THE HOMESTEADER

By Ethelyn M. Kincher

1. The Land

[Je filed on land that early day in spring BLESSED ARE THE MEEK "Then walked around his acres in the sun; By Beulah Huish Sadleir He felt the good red earth and let it run

Between his fingers, and he heard it sing

I spoke a gentle word A blind man smiled; Of wheat and corn his willing hands might

I touched his hand, bring And he caressed my cheek. Before another snow. His task begun,

He grubbed the silver sage, and one by one

Gone were his eyes, He moved the rocks and started gardening.

But how his soul could speak!

All through the long sweet summer days that came He toiled and watched his homestead slowly

STRANGE BUT TRUE grow From land, untamed, to tended fallow slope,

By Alice. Whitson Norton

Fenced now, in shape for him to prove his

T'HE mountain lifts its head above the claim.

clouds, He loved each furrow and each tasseled

And fragile blooms appear in lonely places; row,

The sands of time grind on relentlessly Strong with his strength, deepplanted with

Etching lines of joy and pain on human his hope.

faces.

The scale of living is not carved in stone, 2. The Bride

little part left form unsolved problemsAnd to a star,—Monkmeyir Press Photo hen autumn came, he brought his bride us goal though ourAnd may lead

share toThere's but one place for happiness—the Montauk Lighthouse he had built of seasoned pine. cabin heart! The

She toiled with him to make the cottage shine; With love she fashioned dreams and halved

BEYOND MIND'S REACH MY MOTHER IS A BEACON his care.

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard By Sylvia W. Dixon Theyfair,laughed at storm and waited for the

planting spring would of days when Sweet is there the reach beyondSomething is a of II/Iy beacon mother fine. be mind, night, darkest light the defeats whose vivid, design; hours, of a gay They made light, live heartbeats Lighter than than more ealm stormthe faith love and whose other, the land was each loved and They are, soul tossed there. is flesh strange; the the are eyes which To still!""Peace, be saying, of Jesus voice the As

blind, a are faith beam, love constant and Her there long, sun were and grew and days The star; NTparer a breath, remoter than than quiet in way, a fog piercing doubt and rain, or sun. the planets than luminous More alike, derelict craft and proud Finding their all earth quickened with the was And comforting blood, than more More warm moorings. to staunch the marking way dreams. hands; than of daughters sons and with when, my And frost there in were there and May, was Then lost entirely won, wholly nor Never own, crows of sands. prismatic as hues Elusive for guidance, I heart trembling with pray

a accepts name, without heart knowing The still hours: the in comes the answer fields their of grain; ripened feasted on That of nourishment. Reeling the mutual need

faith. in strong met they They were But it came, inouires always whence But mind

steps mother thy the climb thee extremes and it "Go it losing, where takes, and, form What granite the for from thee to drought, but stayed vanquish hath and hewn Of heat went.

stride thy of experience. foes. Match stones chill, the urn grown before emptyWe toils ever the well hers. way in Note searching searching, goes on mind And grievem;nd rail the see 3. to by not Fail Years upward. The still.

which her workworn hands helped her years soon fled away; each summer's the HPhe gratitude with use heart up—and

toil carefully left so she guideposts many

SORROW AND FAITH for thee. Markedworth.up their progress and their honest

the of the backroads children knew Their prayerful with daughter, when, "And my Thelma By Groneman W. earth, pinher reaches step thy perseverance

soil. of the lessons learned the early And nacle, black horse charging on a came orrowW heights, greater to ascended has she And struck everything that war down And foil faith, certain heritage a Their was.. of her womanhood. cloth the Take up left behind. death and had their adversaries; mirth and For homespun... light dimmed. be her not Let scattering the blackened throughout Then their at Instilled in hearts the deep dreams if can you Match, waste birth strength!"shining her the ills with smokeSwept onward madly could strong kept not where them That

filled wind, despoil.

And drove out pleasure, joy, and love in his great haste. They were the little people when they came;

IRON ON TUESDAY Unsung, unknown, they struggled for their

Softly faith came floating on a white cloud land.

And, seeing life slowly lift its head, By Genneva Dickey Watson They built their homes of sweat and toil

Reached down a pitying hand and fed it and tears;

hope O'N Tuesdays when it softly rains,

Until it stood again. And slowly, dread I love to iron freshsmelling things,- They weathered nature's roughest lot to

Crept out of sight. A tiny dress, a Sunday shirt, claim

Then courage softly breathed upon the land, For as I iron, my spirit sings Their homesteads in the brush and rocks

And life, renewed, swept on In tune with rain, and then I feel and sand,

Triumphant, in its stead. The peace that loving service brings. And wrote one saga of the pioneers.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Some Essentials of a Permanent Marriage.*;..

by President David O. McKay

know of no other place where happiness upon virtue as being as sacred as life itself. If

I abidespossiblemoreto makesurelyhomethana inbit theof heaven.home. ItInis youmindwantthe tofacthavethata youhappyarehome,goingeverto keeplay thein

deed, I picture heaven as a continuation of the foundation for it in your teens before you even ideal home. Some man has said: "Home filled choose your mate. I know that there is spreadwith contentment is one of the highest hopes oi ing among the young people in high schools and

this life."other places the feeling that parents are rather

It is Christ's ideal that home and marriage oldfashioned, and that it is out of date to keep should be perpetual—eternal. To the Pharisee's clean and wholesome morally. But there are

question, "Is it lawful for a man to put away his some things which never grow oldfashioned. The

wife...?"the Savior answered: "Have ye not sweetness of a baby is one. The virtue and chasread, that he which made them at the beginning, tity of manhood is another. Youth is the time

made them male and female. to lay the foundation for our homes. I know there

"And said, For this cause shall a man leave are those who tell you that suppression is wrong, father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: but I assure you that selfmastery, not indulgence,

and they twain shall be one flesh? is the virtue that contributes to the virility of

"Wherefore they are no more twain, but one manhood and to the beauty of womanhood.

flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, In your studies, you students, keep yourselves

let not man put asunder."(Matthew 19:3-6.) free from the tendencies that will arouse your

Marriage is a sacred relationship entered into physical passions, and you will have increased infor purposes that are well recognized. It is claimed tellectual energy. You know, as every man and

by some observers that our present modern mar woman knows, that chastity is the crown of beautiriages tend to frustrate these purposes. Modern ful womanhood, and when you seek the girl of

living conditions, writes one, contribute to these your choice, you want a woman of virtue. Chastity

frustrations. is the foundation of a happy home.

"Formerly a married woman had a home to You who are approaching the marriageable care for, often several children. Today, in many age: May God help you to prepare yourselves

parts of our country, a married woman continues to be worthy of that form of marriage which either to follow her vocation or to spend her time he has ordained—the union of a man and woman

seeking new stimulations—no children to care worthy to have their marriage consecrated in the

for—no house to clean—no meals to cook. Under temple of the most high. And there, as true

such conditions her leisuretime activities become lovers you kneel to plight your troth, may each her allabsorbing interests—interests which often of you be able to give yourselves and your chosen

lead her away from her husband rather than to companion these essential and blessed assurances him."that:

"Our state rests upon our homes,"said former 1. Your marriage begins in purity—that she

President Taft on one occasion. "And if we canwho kneels there at the altar is as worthy of

not keep our homes from this constant demoralizmotherhood as the purest of virgins. And that

ing breaking up, we had better go out of the he to whom she is giving her life can give her that business of government entirely."same assurance that he is just as worthy of fatherNow to you who are young and who are makhood as she is of motherhood;

ing decisions for your everlasting future: Look (Concluded on following page)

xxJ/Ct 1/ l/U I %j CJst/xJULY 1955 493

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) vealed. If you do, then you have the answer that love

will characterize that personality over there as here. 2. Your religious views are the same—the difficulty ofrearing children properly is aggravated when father and Whom will you love over there?

mother have divergent views regarding doctrine and One day while on a boat sailing north of Australia, church affiliation; I asked a woman that question, "Whom will you love

3. Your vows are made with an ideal of an eternal over there?"She said, "Why, we should love everyunion, not to be broken by misunderstanding or diffibody."

I I find said, love everybody, "Yes,"but should "we are too the value of a many who forgetculties—there to wife, I love that me, has been an inspiration who my affecof the sacrednessvow, let their a covenant, and

tions go astray; by whose side I have sat when our loved ones have been

ill. I love my mother. I find I love these children. I

4. A covenant made in God's presence and sealed by love my dearest friends. I think that those heavenly

the Holy Priesthood is more binding than any other feelings will be over there just the same as they are here.

bond; I love everybody, but I shall cherish and I shall love my

5. When children come to bless the union they are dear ones";

guaranteed a royal birth, a clean, unpolluted body, to 7. Finally, the family unit will remain unbroken

which every unborn baby is entitled; throughout eternity.

6. A marriage thus commenced is as eternal as love, Such is temple marriage. Is it not worth while? Do

I do not.the divinest attribute of the human soul—you who quesyou know of anything higher and nobler?

tion temple marriage as possibly a mere dogma of the And every phase of our effort should contribute to the

Church, let me ask you to name the most divine, most preparing of a young couple to be worthy to enter the precious virtue known to man. I have named it. It is house of God and build a happy home.

love. Let me ask you another question. Do you believe My young friends: Look forward to such a marriage

in the persistence of personality after death, the imand the building of a happy home—that you may find

mortalitytianity—inof ourthe Church,soul, a fundamentalmore than doctrinethat—a truthof Chrisre- foundhome ait. heaven on earth, as many of us have already

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OP THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Sin Against the Holy Ghost

"Will you kindly explain the significance and permanent repentance. Shedding innocent blood is Question:

of verses 26 and 21 in the Doctrine and spoken of in the scriptures as consenting to the death

Covenants, section 132? Some of our brethren hold to of Jesus Christ and putting him to open shame. For

the view that after a man and a woman are married for those who have had the witness of the Holy Ghost, fighttime and all eternity, nothing can prevent them from ing with wicked hate against his authorized servants is receiving the promised blessings of exaltation except the same, for if this is done to them, it is also done blasphemy against the Holy Ghost or the shedding of against him. For men who have had the light of the Holy

innocent blood. Others feel that such a doctrine tends Ghost to turn away and fight the truth with murderous

to nullify the repeated statement in the scriptures that hate, and those who are authorized to proclaim it, there every man will be judged and rewarded according to is no forgiveness in this world neither in the world to his works."come.

In the twelfth chapter of Matthew, verses 3132, the

Your question in relation to what is writLord states in substance what is said in the two verses ten in these verses is one that is constantly in the Doctrine and Covenants, section 132, referred to recurring. It is a great regret that so many wellmeaning above. The Prophet Joseph Smith's revision of these

men are deceived into thinking that after they are married verses is as follows:

in the temple for time and all eternity they become im- "Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and mune from the consequences of all sin except the blasblasphemy shall be forgiven unto men who receive me phemy against the Holy Ghost or the shedding of innoand repent; but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost,

cent blood. According to what is written there is but it shall not be forgiven unto men. (Italics author's.)

one unpardonable sin, that is the sin against the Holy "And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son

Ghost and the shedding of innocent blood. All other of Man, it shall be forgiven him; but whosoever speaksins may be forgiven, but only on conditions of sincere eth against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him;

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

neither in this world; neither in the world to come.""Concerning whom I have said there is no forgiveness

(Inspired Version, Matt. 12:2627.) in this world nor in the world to come

The reason blasphemy against the Son of God may be "Having denied the Holy Spirit after having received forgiven, even if the Son be made manifest in a vision it, and having denied the Only Begotten Son of the or a dream, is that such manifestation does not impress Father, having crucified him unto themselves and put the soul as deeply as does the testimony of the Holy him to an open shame.

Ghost. The influence of the Holy Ghost is Spirit speak- "These are they who shall go away into the lake of

ing to spirit, and the indelible impression is one that fire and brimstone, with the devil and his angels brings conversion and conviction to the soul as no other "And the only ones on whom the second death shall influence can. The Holy Spirit reveals the truth with have any power."(D. & C. 76:3136.)

a positiveness wherein there is no doubt and therefore From this it appears that all the rest of mankind, no is far more impressive than a vision given to the eye. matter what their sins have been, eventually will be

In the book of Hebrews it is written: heirs of redemption from the devil and his angels. We

"For it is impossible for those who were once enmust not, however, lose sight of the fact that all men lightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and are to be judged according to their works. To be rewere made partakers of the Holy Ghost, deemed from Satan and his angels does not mean that

"And have tasted the good word of God, and the all will find their way into the celestial kingdom. Alpowers of the world to come, though redeemed from his power, they will have to go

"If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto to that kingdom which they merit according to their repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son works. The remaining verses of this section inform us

of God afresh, and put him to an open shame."(Heb. of this fact. Some, after being redeemed, will go to the

6:4-6.) telestial kingdom. They are to suffer the wrath of

Peter has also borne witness to this truth: God (idem, 98107) which will continue through the

"For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the millennium and to the end of the earth when they reworld through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour ceive their resurrection. Paul said that the last enemy to

Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and be destroyed is death. (I Cor. 15:2426.) Those entitled

overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the to the terrestrial resurrection will come forth after the beginning. coming of Jesus Christ. (D. & C. 88:99.) Redemption

"For it had been better for them not to have knoWn does not mean, therefore, that they are to receive eternal the way of righteousness, than, after they have known life in the celestial kingdom.

it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto Repentance is a gift of God. It is possible for men to

them."(Inspired Version, II Peter 2:2021.) sin beyond the power of repentance. This was the conWe have heard of some who have stated that a man dition of the Nephites in the days of Mormon. Of them

cannot be an apostle of Jesus Christ unless he has seen it is written, they were beyond the power of redemption the Lord. The fact is that the testimony of the Spirit and they sinned knowingly. (Helaman 13:38, Mormon

is far more impressive and lasting than a vision given 2:1314 and 5:16.) We read that the devils believe and

to the eye. This the Lord knew when he said that the tremble, but they do not repent.

blasphemy against him may be forgiven but not the Now we will consider the significance of these two blasphemy against the Holy Ghost. verses. Regarding the punishment of the unrepentant,

John, in his writing to the members of the Church in Moroni has written:

the first century of the Christian era instructed them in "Then will ye longer deny the Christ, or can ye bematters of this kind: hold the Lamb of God? Do ye suppose that ye shall

"If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not dwell with him under a consciousness of your guilt? Do

unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for ye suppose that ye could be happy to dwell with that them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto holy Being, when your souls are racked with a condeath: I do not say that he shall pray for it. sciousness of guilt that ye have ever abused his laws?

"All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto "Behold, I say unto you that ye would be more

miserable to dwell with a holy and just God, under adeath."(Ibid., I John 5:1617.)

consciousness of your filthiness before him, than ye would

The sin unto death is the unpardonable sin which to dwell with the damned souls in hell."(Mormon 9:3-4.)

will bring to those who partake of it banishment with When the Lord left his Nephite disciples he said to the devil and his angels and is called the second death. them

From these words of John we gather that any sin, except "And he that endureth not unto the end, the same is a sin unto death, may be forgiven on true repentance. he that is also hewn down and cast into the fire, from

This is in harmony with what is written in the vision whence they can no more return, because of the justice in the Doctrine and Covenants in regard to sons of of the Father.

perdition: "And this is the word which he hath given unto the

"Thus saith the Lord concerning all those who know, children of men. And for this cause he fulfilleth the

my power, and have been made partakers thereof, and words which he hath given, and he lieth not, but fulsuffered themselves through the power of the devil to filleth all his words.

be overcome, and to deny the truth and defy my power "And no unclean thing can enter into his kingdom;

"They are they who are the sons of perdition, of therefore nothing entereth into his rest save it be those whom I say that it had been better for them never to who have washed their garments in my blood, because have been born; of their faith, and the repentance of all their sins."

"For they are vessels of wrath, doomed to suffer the (3 Nephi 27:1719.)

wrath of God, with the devil and his angels in eternity; (Continued on page 542)

JULY 1955 495 clia|ology and the

Book of Mormon

by President Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

White and Dark Peoples

of Ancient America

peoples. and dark White Reproduction of mural from inner wall, "Temple of the Part III Mexico.Painted Walls,"Bonampak,

s Otto Done, Jose Davila, murals, "painted in exquisite perspecmains at Bonampak, which included our two Indian guides, tive "i other buildings, three large stelae, and

Nabor and Juan, and We entered each of the rooms and two limestone altars. Charles Mor-

I approached Bonampak excitedly examined and photographed row Wilson states that one of the early in the morning on the colorfully painted frescoes. Then altars

January 19, 1955, our right to be there with a machete we cleared the vegeta-... is considered one of the best examples

was vigorously protested by a number tion from the top of the pyramid in of Maya sculpture yet discovered. It rivals

of wild monkeys. They screamed front of the "Temple of the Painted the stone carvings at Palenque, which are

regarded chattered while scamperingand so that could photograph commonly Walls,"we as among2 the finest exsculpture. amples of Maya indignant the trees,through highly building. of the the exterior

at our trespassing. Perhaps they felt Also, we examined and studied Bonampak, which is Maya for

that they were the guardians of the some of the other archaeological re- "Painted Walls,"consists of at least

Mayan temples which had been iCharles Morrow Wilson, "Rediscovering Lost Tem2Charles Morrow Wilson, "Open Sesame to the erected approximately 1300 years ago. ples of the Mayas,"Travel (Baltimore, November Maya,"Pan American Union Bulletin (Washington,

However, we paid little attention to 1948), p. 26. D. C, Vol. LXXXII, No. 7, July 1948), p. 379.

their noise because we had been in- -Photographs by Otto Done formed by our guides that we were approaching Bonampak's most famous edifice, the "Temple of the Painted

Walls,"which is considered one of the most important archaeological discoveries made thus far in the twentieth century.

Eagerly we climbed the principal pyramid upon which stands the ancient Mayan edifice. We observed

that the building is approximately sixtyfive feet in length, containing three rooms. Each of the rooms, approximately ten by seventeen feet in

size, contains one door and no windows. The building is constructed of

rocks covered with excellent stucco.

The interior walls are plastered and are still in a good state of preservation even though hundreds of years have elapsed since their construction.

The entire interior wall surfaces of the three rooms, including the sloping

Reproduction of a mural depicting white and dark peoples, from the inner wall, convex ceilings, are covered with 'Temple of the Painted Walls,"Bonampak, Mexico.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and of clay with of wood drums made century, acand seventh during the heads. 4 % i?K,%ii% SFllil'/H prime skinned ornamented glyphs."to date cording

More revealing are the costumes worn by

cultures as having been made of deer and jaguar H scholarsDr. Sylvanusof MesoAmericanG. Morley and other the great Mayas of old. These are pictured

have maintained that "painting was skins handsomely ornamented by jade a fine art among the Maya and probably imported from distant places. Cloth

reached a degree of excellence attained garments,interwoven apparentlywith numerousmadefigurines,of cotton,glyphs,are aboriginal of people no other by colors favorite symbols. planetary The and

of green discovery white, rich the on brown, include 5 Until red on America."

Bonampak, archaeologists had made dark brown on white, and brilliant sashes.

are picancient all the Mayas instances only a few fragmentary finds of Maya In of people, healthy and as tured a strong paintings on which to base their conoutstanding dignity and charm.

clusions; however, the Bonampak [The principal temple contains more than

murals confirm tli2 former statements 1200 square feet of murals] magnificently made by scholars, showing the impainted by superbly skilled early American portance of the "extremely talented artists who worked at least eight centuries painters whom the greatest Indian werebeforemade.the greatRemarkablymural paintingsenough theof Europeheroic

civilization developed."In the words wall paintings of the preColumbian Ameriof Charles Morrow Wilson: can artists excels in many respects the best

of European mural art. More important

But the amazing find at Bonampak rethey open the way to a greatly improved veals life in the Golden Age of the Maya understanding of what many experts believe with all the powers of strong colors, brilwas a Golden Age of ingenious American liantly used. The 1300year-old murals culture....7

of warriors and processions... ceremonial Artists show versaimpressed the by

Topiltzin, or bearded Kukulcan white, The rituals, sacrifices, and of scenes also tility kings; least of colors the eleven colors—atare Itza, Yucatan, of ruler Chichententhcentury of stucco which kind a battles. it on is Painted are used that believed effectively—and of is doorjamb a likeness carved onwhich the masonry, limestone is on superimposed vegetable both paints mineral and were at of Kukulcan temple structure the atopthe

feapageantry depicts a handsome is used. skillful, perspective mural amazingly The Itza.Chichen

8 cereheaddresses, feather... elaborate turing contemporary standards. even by

monial bars which were ancient Mayan eight standing temples which are scepters of authority and the musical instruDuring February and March, 1947, ". great of the Mayas in. ments been built to have. believed of old—long studied and artists and

3 rattlers archaeologists turtleshell horns, huge Tibetanstyle centuries A.D."sixththe and seventh (Continued page) on following

a Dozen "Backwards Wilson, 4Charles Morrow founded have been"Although it may 6Wilson, "Rediscovering York, October History (New Lost Temples of the Mayas,"Natural 2526. op. was Bonampak in its Centuries,"1947),much earlier,

24. Alto, (Palo Morley, mid.,cit., pp.p. 5Sylvanusp. 370.G. Maya The Ancient

3Wilson, op. cit., p. 24. Calif., 1946), p. 412. sIbid., p. 26.

"Temple of the Painted Walls,"Bonampak, Mexico.

Nabor, Lacandone Indian guide, in the doorway.

JULY 1955 497 a

Lamanite traditions, and the other

Archaeology and the Book of Mormon group followed the Nephite traditions, including a belief in Jesus Christ.

(Continued from preceding page) true religion occurred. Following the Thus there probably were dark and

photographed the Bonampak murals. close of the Book of Mormon, the rewhite people in each army. 12

Also, water color paintings were made, ligion of the descendants of the The Book of Mormon gives evireproducing the scenes as nearly like Nephites and Lamanites was pagan, dence that some of the Nephites the originals as possible. The reprothe true gospel which Christ had (white people) survived the last great

ductions have been placed in such taught to their ancestors having been war; for example, between the dates

places as the National Museum and greatly adulterated. But since the of 400 and 421 A.D., possibly toward

Palace of Fine Arts in the city of most important event that had ever the latter date and approximately

Mexico and in the museum in Guateoccurred in the history of ancient thirtyfive years after the last great mala City. America was the appearance of the battle, Moroni wrote:

A point of great interest which one resurrected Savior on this continent, observes in studying the original the descendants of Book of Mormon... I make not myself known to the

murals on the inner walls of the tempeoples carried forward a rememLamanitesFor behold,lest theytheir shouldwars destroyare exceedinglyme.

ple at Bonampak and the reproducbrance of that great event in their fierce among themselves; and because of their

tions made by the artists is that there traditions. They adopted the quetzal hatred they put to death every Nephite that

are lifesize paintings which depict bird and the serpent, coatl, as symwill not deny the Christ.

Christ; will the not I, Moroni, deny And ofthree distinctively colors different Bearded God,"bols of the "White

for whithersoever I can I wander 13people. repQuetzalcoatl It is probable that they they named whom life. of and wherefore,the safety mine own

resent the various races that were whom they worshiped with their diliving at Bonampak at the time the verse pagan practices. Although prophet after prophet

throughout the entire course offrescoes were painted. As is wellknown, two peoples—

The murals portray people as white white race and those of a darker Nephite history predicted that the destroy the Nephite wouldas the for Lamanites Caucasian races of Europe America ancient and color—inhabited the latter people became nation whenas the years'and other Semitic Hebrews thousand approximately one

races of the Mediterranean world. The time. Speaking of their skin colors, "ripe in iniquity,"the Lord through

skin color of many of the others Nephi declared that the Lord his holy prophets also promised the of their seed that Nephites someclosely bronzeskinned resembles the to upon cursing the come caused had forever. preserved be The ofnatives the since America, known.. would. associates] his and [Laman them...

in the recorded first of these promises InterIndians. of asdays Columbus exceedwhite, and as were they wherefore,

spersed among these are also a few ing fair and delightsome,... the Lord God Book of Mormon was made near the

of did cause Nephite history by a skin of blackness to come upon beginning people, asrepresentations of black them. In to his son Joseph. Father Lehi Negroes.dark as the darkest

The question immediately arises: Approximately five hundred years giving his son a patriarchal blessing,

Who were these white and dark peolater, Alma wrote: Lehi predicted:

ples depicted in the Bonampak And now I speak unto you, Joseph, my murals? And the skins of the Lamanites were dark, lastborn....

It is the opinion of the writer that according to the mark which was set upon And may the Lord consecrate also unto their fathers, which was a curse upon them thee this land,... for thine inheritance

the bronzeskinned persons and the because of their transgression and their reand the inheritance of thy seed with thy white people are descendants of the bellion against their brethren, who conbrethren, for -thy security forever,...

sisted of Nephi, Jacob, Joseph,... for thy seed shall not utterly be deand and NephitesLamanites and the which

were just holy stroyed."and men. 11 who of Sam, inraces are described the Book

feathers shownMormon. The quetzal brother the of Nephi, told Jacob, "Yes, unThe reader may say: we

in the muralsas headdresses and the that Nephites God derstand that there race a white were those depicted on the lintels of the and a dark race in ancient America... has promised... us that our seeddoors (see photographs) suggest that

the builders of Bonampak were worfrom approximately 600 B.C. until shall not utterly be destroyed, according

approximately flesh, A.D., to 400 the but preserve that but he would we have

ofshipers Quetzalcoatl or the "White in shall future generations them; they and also latter understood that the date by

people theBearded God"who -visited a righteous become the house branch unto all people exthe white (Nephites),

Israel.15in ancient America and Morwhom

killed cept Moroni, had been in a war of 9 Christ. Since identify as Jesusmons the darker with people or Lamanites."foregoing prophecy indicates The onlythe painted two murals were

hundred years following the close of It is true that the Nephite nation that through an apostate line the seed

Nephite history, such a short time ended toward the close of the fifth of the Nephites would be preserved in having elapsed would practically ascentury A.D., but probably many of the land. Alma made a similar statesure the traditions as those of Christ's the white Nephites were saved from ment. He predicted the destruction

appearances and connect the builders death by joining the Lamanites. of the Nephites as a nation, pointing

of Bonampak with Book of Mormon These then would not be followers of out that some of them, however, peoples. Christ and would be unfaithful ones. would not be destroyed but would be

One fact should be kept in mind, The last great war was not fought numbered among the Lamanites. To

namely, at the close of Nephite hisentirely on the lines of race, but probquote:

tory a great apostasy from Christ's ably the determining factor was that (Continued on page 520) one group allied itself with the 123 Nephi 2:1416.

Note: A marvelous account of Christ's appearances 13Moroni 1:1-3.

to the inhabitants of ancient America is given in the 102 Nephi 5:21. u2 Nephi 3:1-3.

Book of Mormon, 3 Nephi. "Alma 3:6. 15Ibid., 9:53.

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm:W::s

WHY PEOPLE ARE KILLED EDITOR'S NOTE

Traffic safety is the concern of

IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENTS every thinking citizen. Here a

practising physician expresses his views on this timely subject. We

enjoyed reading it, and we think you will, also.

by Sherman W. Thorpe, M.D.

of the fireman's net that makes it possible for a person to jump from the third floor of a building without injury, whereas if he struck the hard, unyielding pavement, serious injury or death would result.

Each year during the past twenty William W. Harper, consulting physiThe violence of rapid deceleration

years approximately thirtyeight cist to the Pasadena and Los Angeles was strongly revealed in a study by thousand people have been killed Police Departments: the auto crash injury research group

and one million five hundred thou- "Assume that a vehicle collides with of the Indiana state police in which sand injured in automobile accidents a solid fixed object at a speed of thirty they found that in a series of 616 perin the United States. miles per hour. Assume further that sons killed in automobile crashes, 290

Incredible as it may seem, our failthe car is crushed in a distance of two or fortyseven percent were forceure to support and demand safety feafeet (i.e., the crumpling of the fore fully ejected fromthe automobile!

tures in car design in part allows this parts of the car). This represents a They conclude that the "basic probyearly loss of life to continue. The deceleration rate of 483 feet per seclem of saving lives in highway colliautomobile industry early found that ond per second. Such a deceleration is sions is holding your seat in the

features of rapid acceleration sell more 15 times the acceleration of gravity, crash."

cars than almost any safety feature which is 32.2 feet per second per secAt Cornell University, experiments

offered in support of their product. ond. This unit of gravity is called the using dummies in controlled automo-

A reply from a large automotive G. For convenience, we say that the bile crashes reveal that the deceleramanufacturer to Dr. H. E. Campbell vehicle suffered a 15 G crash. tion force present in a car stopping

is most emphatic on this point which "But how does the vehicle occusuddenly from a speed of seventeen stated in effect, "We have no evidence pant behave in such a crash? At the miles an hour is sufficient to throw

that there is even a slight interest in moment of impact he has the same a child from the rear seat forward, or demand for socalled safety modifivelocity as the vehicle. As the vehiover the front seat to strike its head

cations, and wc are not offering feacle crashes to a full stop, he continues against the windshield, and/or dashtures to the public which it does not forward at almost the same speed of board, and thence to the floor!

want or may even violently reject."30 miles per hour and collides with The author has seen many tragic

Motorcar makers are not influenced the dash and windshield. By the results of these forces at work in autofacts—aby scientificrealisticfacts aspointmuch theyas by mustsales timethey arehis atbodyrest, reachesor nearlytheseso. Assumobjects, mobileyear agoaccidents;four peoplefor wereexample,broughtone

honor to remain in business. ing that the combined crushing of into the accident dispensary who

People are killed in automobile achis body and the vehicle interior will were involved in a car crash in which cidents because the free occupant of reduce his velocity to zero in a disthe car struck a cement safety island an automobile is subjected to a tertance of two inches (i.e., the yielding while going but thirty miles an hour.

rific force of deceleration when the of the soft tissue parts of the person A young dental student was killed crash occurs. The occupant is hurled against the car interior, he will have instantly from a head injury. A young

at initial precrash speed into a wall suffered a deceleration of almost student nurse suffered twentyseven of steel and glass adorned with knobs, 5,800 feet per second per second, or lacerations of her face when her head steering wheel, etc., which is at rest 180 G! In other words the motorist went through the windshield. A third

or almost so at the time of impact of watches the vehicle crash relatively occupant, another young man, sufthe occupant against the car interior. slowly to a stop and then dashes himfered a fracture of a neck vertebrae,

This terrific force of deceleration is self violently to pieces against its inluckily without spinal cord damage.

present even at moderate speeds we terior!"Mr. Harper concludes, "This In similar manner every fifteen minuse in daily city traffic. Actually the makes no sense at all, but it is still utes, twentyfour hours a day, someoccupant of a vehicle crashes to a standard practice after fifty years of one is killed and every half minute

stop with greater force of deceleration automotive accident history."someone is injured in a motorcar accithan does the car itself! This amazIn a nutshell, it is the reduced force dent in the United States.

ing fact is well illustrated by Mr. of deceleration caused by the yielding (Continued on page 539)

JULY 1955 499 Thankful Hearts

by C. A. Meredith

it of year, I the check. charge disyour had our on ten lepers once and only got one We applied Iast "of tribution estate in contract. which an house very you you.''thank Thank

I a number of important gifts had much.""I am glad I did it,"he answered.

been left to local charitable instituThen he handed me the letter from "It has been interesting. I think I

tions. As the officials of the various the fourth boy. Here is how it read: will go upstairs and have my lawyer

organizations came in to sign the "Dear Uncle Charley—- I really bemake a slight revision in my will."

receipts for the legacies, it seemed to lieve that your gift came as an answer Gratitude is an important Christian me that there was a noticeable lack to prayer. My wife and I were faced virtue and when sincerely expressed

of expressions of gratitude to the with a real crisis. Our son had just will often encourage the giver and

donor. There was, however, one been taken to the hospital, and we enrich the receiver. "Thank you"

notable exception. needed financial help desperately. We notes can mean little or they can

A small gift of five hundred dollars were praying that, in some way, we mean much. Writing a real "thank

was left to a certain church. When could get through. Your check saved you"is an art. Notice how that

the three officials came in to sign, the day for us. You should have seen fourth boy did it. He tells how the

they did it with an air of gratimy wife's face when I showed it to check met a crisis and shows you the tude and appreciation that almost her. We are thanking you, with all picture of his wife getting the welcome

brought tears to the eyes of this our hearts, and we also thank Him news.

hardened old banker. Furthermore, who we feel must have prompted this How do your "thank you"notes

I have no doubt that there were adwonderful gift. Believe us, we are sound? Take enough time to write

ditional expressions of gratitude made most grateful."a message with sincerity. It can be

to God at the next meeting. "Well, Mr. Barnes,"I said, "I done you know.

Some time later, elderly Mr. Barnes think you have done pretty well with It might be well for all of us to

stopped at my desk. "Mr. Meredith,"three thanks out of four tries. Seems practise up a bit on knowing how to

he began, "I want you to help me to to me I recall that the Master healed say "I thank you."

try an experiment. You know that

I have no children of my own and '—Kaufmann & Fabry Photo

that I have named my four nephews as beneficiaries under my will. I wish

to give each of these boys the sum of five hundred dollars now and see what will happen."

I thought it would be a good idea, and we wrote the four drafts as he had planned and mailed one to each of the boys and enclosed in each letter a receipt for him to sign and return to Mr. Barnes.

A few days ago Mr. Barnes came in

again. He asked me to check up our

records to find out whether or not his

Chicago nephew had received the money. I found that the draft had

been cashed several weeks ago. "All

right,"Mr. Barnes said, "I just wanted

to be sure that he received it. He

never answered."

Then he showed me the receipt that he had received from the second boy. It was brief. Across the bottom

of the receipt he had written "Thanks."Next he brought out the letter from the third boy. He wrote, "Dear

Uncle—We were surprised to receive

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Sister Kelshaw! Are you sitting in the

audience? I can hardly believe it."

:::.;:.:,:

Edna's Misapprehension

by Ruth Tanner

fell hurriedly lieve it."Mae Benton plumped herEdna Kelshaw hurriedly slid into right there! Her eyes

one of the polished wooden to the floor. No one must see the self down by Edna to talk briskly bebenches in the rear of the church. persistent tears that would keep bubfore meeting commenced. "It's been

The organist was playing the opening bling up! a good many years since I've seen you

music. Edna's small wrinkled hand "We have a good choir, but we're here and the choir up there. When

smoothed her gray linen skirt, going to have a better one!"Last Peter was the choir director, rest his

straightened her white lace collar, Sunday evening, Brother Myers had wonderful soul, you were the most and fingered the diamondstudded stood tall and stately and announced stable alto he had. Nope! doesn't

cameo that etched her neckline. to the choir. "We have a lot of seem right not seeing you up there!"

I feel so terribly out of place, she talent in the ward, and we're going "Guess there should always be thought, as she glanced up at the to utilize it. We have a lot of young changes."Edna fingered her cameo

choir shuffling pages in the hymnbook talent that should be working for the nervously. The organ stopped sudfor the opening song. Everyone choir."He ran his hand along the denly. A hush fell over the audience.

there, except me! My voice is probedge of a green hymnbook, as he The bishop announced the opening

ably getting rusty with age, and everycontinued. "We're going to call peosong that was to be sung by the choir.

one has noticed it but me. She ple to sing! It will be a lot like a call "Oh, ye mountains high, where the

squirmed in her seat. But to sit in for home missionaries. This is an clear blue sky;"Edna pressed her lips

the choir and watch everyone come important position, and we want peotightly together. The words would

in had been wonderful! To see plump ple to realize it!"Edna dabbed a automatically come out.

Sister Benton's new dress and to nosmall lace handkerchief at the corner "Sounds mighty good,"Mae Benton tice pretty Ella Mae's new boy friend. of her eyes as she thought about it. whispered. "See my Dorothy up

To see all the strangers that hesitantRevision was good, but why had she there? Sings soprano. She was well

ly took their places in the first empty failed to be called? pleased when they asked her to sing.

seats they would come to. Then "Sister Kelshaw! Are you sitting She certainly doesn't take after me."

Peter—always to feel as if Peter was in the audience? I can hardly be- [Continued on page 526)

JULY 1955 501 times of world crisis and wideInspread calamity, those churchmen who normally exhibit a bland andeasy confidence in the assured and Two Views.

inevitable triumph of Christianity through the ages find themselves pressed force of events the to ask by of Church Hisforyquestions reflections in indulge and which in better times are left strictly alone. We have suggested already by Dr. Hugh Nibley

that the key to conventional church BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY history is its fairweather determination not to face up to certain unfor that would be fatal to all their churches all damning each other as pleasant, nay, alarming possibilities, claims. To save at least the tattered impostors.

in particular the proposition that the remnants of the true church, modern The third argument, usually dechurch of Christ did not survive in claimants fall back on three main livered in shocked and outraged tones, the world long after the Apostles. arguments. The first is the perfectly is that God simply would not allow

But today, as at other moments of irrelevant "gates of hell"passage a complete dissolution of his church.

great upheaval, such authorities, (Matt. 16:18) which we shall discuss "Can God fail?"cried an angry priest

Catholic and Protestant, as D. Busy, later. The second is what they like to the writer, with a great show of

Bardy, A. G. Herbert, and F. A. M. to call "the simple fact"that the indignation. Well, God has "failed"

Spencer are moved to remind us that, church has, for all its setbacks and to give the earth two moons or equip after all, Christianity has never come troubles, persisted in the world unthe human race with gold teeth—but

anywhere near either converting or intermittently for nigh onto two is that failure? One can speak only of

saving the world. Instead of the moral thousand years. This is worth a mofailure where an intended aim is not

reform which the fourthcentury ment's thought. achieved; where desirable things are

fathers promised with such confidence Actually that statement of survival dispensed with, that is not failure if the empire would only turn officially merely assumes what it claims to but policy. "How often"would God

Christian, came a disastrous deterioraprove, namely, that whatever has have done things for the people tion of morals; instead of world come through so many centuries must "and ye would not!"(Matt. 23:37.)

peace (also promised), world war; inbe the true church. But the fact that To learn what God's intention and

stead of military victory for the Chrischurches {never just one, and usually policy are in the matter, we must contian emperor, crushing defeat; instead many) calling themselves Christ's sult not our own common sense or

of prosperity, economic collapse; inhave been found on the earth in every emotions but the statements of his

stead of the promised intellectual cercentury since the apostles is no proof prophets: "My ways are not your

tainty, violent controversy; instead of in itself that all or any of those ways!"The ancient pagans loved to

faith, speculation and doubt; instead churches really were Christ's. After charge the Christians with believing

of tolerance and love, ceaseless polemall, did not the Lord himself predict a in a God who was either immoral beic and persecution; instead of trust time when there would be many cause he knowingly allowed the exin God, cynicism and power politics. groups bearing his name and saying, istence of evil or weak because he

The world once Christianized not only "Lo, here is Christ, or there!"and did could not prevent it. Their logical

remained barbarian, but became also he not warn that at such a time none minds could not conceive how anymore and more barbaric as it passed of those professing Christians would thing could happen in a universe from one century of Christian tutelage be authorized? (Matt. 24:23.) As the ruled by an omnipotent God which

to the next. Contemporary scholars socalled Apostolic Fathers and the was not the immediate and consumfreely admit, since they can't deny it, early apologists never tire of repeatmate expression of that God's desire

that something went very wrong. A. ing, the name of Christian does not and intention. Those Christians are

G. Herbert, a Catholic writer, now guarantee the Lord's approval of guilty of the same vanity and impetueven goes so far as to declare that recognition of the individual or soosity who insist that because they just

defeat, not victory, is "the hallmark ciety bearing it, nor does its presence can't see the point in taking the of authenticity"for the church of in the earth prove at any time that church from the earth, God would be

Christ on earth. Christ's church has survived. So foolish and unjust—a failure—if he

So much being conceded, the only though we find in every age churches permitted it. The solution of the

question is not whether God would claiming to be the true heirs of the problem lies not in men's feelings on allow his church to suffer—he has apostles, and though we are under ob- a subject on which they are necessarallowed it—but how far he would alligation to investigate them all, we ily very illinformed, but in God's

low things to go? Some Christians are by no means bound to accept any expressed intention in the matter.

when pressed will allow that the rule one of them simply because it is big Fortunately the New Testament conof evil reached the point of almost or old—least of all, simply because it tains full and explicit information.complete extermination for the church exists. Athanasius says the argument The Three Acts of the Drama:—

on earth; this is the Baptist "trail of of bigness is preposterous; Justin First of all, Christ knew and explained

blood"theory—that the church has Martyr says the argument of antiquity to others the nature and outcome of

been reduced from time to time to an is vicious. The argument of mere his own mission: what his purpose

almost imperceptible trickle but never existence is the weakest of all, when was in coming to earth, how he would allowed to go out entirely. The last at no time since Christ have there be received here, and what would

inch, of course, they cannot concede, failed to be numbers of Christian happen after he left. These points

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA parable—theare all touchedonlyuponparablein a insinglethe

Bible to which the Lord himself has left us a full explanation. The parable might be called a drama in three

acts. Act One is the Lord's earthly

mission, in which he likens himself "unto a man which sowed good in his field"(Matt. 13:24, 37), the field being the world, (v. 38). In Act Two

the villain enters: "But while men

slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat"(v. 25), and as a

result the crop was spoiled: "... when

the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also"(v. 26). This sorry state of

things, with wheat and tares indistinguishably mixed together, does not represent the state of the church, for we are explicitly told that the ruined field is the world, in which the good seed ("the children of the kingdom") have not yet been brought together (vv. 2730). This time of confusion 3>*SSS iUff brVvifi *f.s!3 *5 "!*$'

lasting is a long one, har- "until the in addition is of the kind A problem adding and taking away and subtraction:—This isvest,"entitled Act Three, which refers to which in Revelation 22:1819. Into text of John a Josephus'a "Jewish War,"

"the end of the world"(v. 39). Here scribe has inserted the famous "Testimony of Jesus,"taken in its revamped version from

everything is set to rights again, and fromanothera workwriting,falselythe attributed"Antiquitiesto ofJosephus.the Jews."ThisTowasthisdonehe haswithaddeda viewyettoanothermakingexcerptout a

the wheat is finally gathered together stronger case for the Christians, but a later scribe has scratched out the second addition in explained right: "It the the margin should on that noted the crossingout beout of the we world barn"and and "into my

is justified, since have done have in this passage not found we copies of this other any gathering (v. 30). out"happens "A text, not a single teacher (or and doctor) what is more of the of Christ Church remembers

to be the very meaning of the word such."He also explains that the preceding passage, which he has not crossed out, is not

ekklesia—"church."In the settling from the "Jewish Wars,"but from the "Antiquities."(After Eisler.)

of accounts in the last act the tares are bound in bundles for the burning the Son treated even worse than the us consider the major steps of the and, "Then shall the righteous shine others, cast out of the vineyard and drama as far as the New Testament forth as the sun in the kingdom of slain by villainous men who say, '.'Let is concerned. First of all, the Lord

their Father"(v. 43). (Italics auus kill him, and let us seize on his came into the world knowing full well

thor's.) "... so shall it be at the end inheritance...""let us kill him, that that he and his message would be reof this world"(v. 40): It is a happy the inheritance may be our's."(Matt. jected: even as Elias had come "and

ending, indeed, but a delayed one: 21:38; Luke 20:14.) So they claim they knew him not, but have done

first the Lord, then the adversary, who the vineyard for their own and reunto him whatsoever they listed. Likeis the devil (v. 39), and finally the main in possession until Act Three, wise shall also the Son of man suffer

Lord again. when the lord of the vineyard comes of them"(Matt. 17:12); "for from

The parable of the vineyard tells to destroy the impostors and turns the days of John the Baptist [Elias] the same story. In Act One we learn the vineyard over to authorized work-... the kingdom of heaven suffereth

that the master of the vineyard having ers. (Luke 20:16.) It is the same violence, and the violent take it by

been detained in a far country has in threeact theme as the other parable: force."(Ibid., 1112.) At the outset

the past sent many servants—the first the Lord's work, then the triof his mission he was met by "two

prophets—to receive the fruit at the umph of the impostor, finally the repossessed with devils,"who recoghand of those he had left in charge; turn and triumph of the Lord. nized him for what he was and hailed

but his messengers have all been The first two of these acts are the him as the Son of God, with the reroughly treated and thrown out. Now legitimate subject of church history, quest that he leave them alone and

he has decided to send his Beloved since the third either has not hapnot torment them "before the time,"

Son, saying, "... it may be they will pened yet or opens with the restora- (Matt. 8:2829.) Immediately therereverence him."(Luke 20:13; Matt. tion of the gospel, which conventional after a whole city of mortal men fol22:37.) But in the second act we see church history does not recognize. Let lowed the lead of those evil spirits

"and besought him that he would depart out of their coasts."(Matt. 8:34.)

Neither devils nor men would accept his preaching nor did he expect them to: Why do ye not understand my speech?

even because ye cannot hear my word.

(Continued on following page) JULY 1955 503 TWO VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY

(Continued from preceding page) take place at a later date, "the Father stage clear to the adversary for the are Ye of your father devil, the the and act. long is a second This gloomy unto all judgment committed... hath

lusts of your father will ye do. seekpeople period in his go about which but during (ibid., 5:22), the Son:"I tell because And the you truth, beye

lieve me not. earlier mission he did not judge. Men ing the Lord in vain and falsely but

Which of you convinceth me of sin? are free to accept or reject him as loudly proclaiming themselves to be

And, if I say the truth, why do ye not bethey will: "And if any man hear my the true heirs of the vineyard. First,

lieve me? in of the Lord, no hapdeparture the not, believe I judge him and words,... because ye are not of God. (Tohn perverse faithless and mood: the world, judge not to "O not: for I came py8:4347.)

but to save the world. generation, how long shall I be with

He expected only hatred from a "He that rejecteth me... hath one you, and suffer you?"(Luke 9:41.)

world who came to testify of it "that that judgeth him [lit. "one to judge He is going to rise up and "shut the

.. thethe works thereof are evil."(John him"]: the word I have spoken, the door."(See ibid., 13:25.) ".

7:7.) "I know you,"he said to his same shall judge him in the last day. days will come, when the bridehearers, "that ye have not the love (Ibid., 12:4748.) No judgment now, groom shall be taken from them, and

of God in you,"(Ibid., 5:42) for truly but "in the last day....""Therefore then shall they fast."(Matt. 9:15.)

"he knew all men."He made no efjudge nothing before the time, until "Hereafter I will not talk much with

fort to wheedle, persuade, or meet the the Lord come,"writes Paul (I Cor. you: for the prince of this world

world halfway. Said his enemies: 4:5), "who both will bring to light cometh, and hath nothing in me."

14:30.) (John darkness, things of the hidden and

surprisingly enough, once he Then, of counsels the make manifestand.. teachest. Master,thewewayknowof Godthatin thoutruth,artneithertrue, will

carest thou for any man: for thou regardest the hearts: and then shall every man is gone everyone, the wicked as well

not the person of men."(Matt. 22:16; Mark have praise of God."(Italics auas the righteous, will desire Christ

12:14; Luke 20:21.) thor's.) The time of Christ and the and seek after him—but in vain. Just

the venerated as the wicked world of not time to be the apostles was

If Jerusalem refused to be gathered to their prophets tombs after and painted of testing; the judgment, but without

him, no matter how often he would opportunity of freely accepting or rethey had been safely put to death have gathered them, he would not jecting, there could be no judgment: (Matt. 23:29ff), so they would worforce If them. (Matt. his 23:37.) "If I had not done among them the ship Christ—at a safe distance. peoplehometown him, put no faith in works which none other man did, couldhe mighty do no works for

Ifthem. 6:5; they had not had sin: but now they then...I Yetgo untoa littlehimwhilethat amsentI me.with you, and Matt. 14:2.) (Mark

have both seen and hated both me Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me:they wanted to go so far as to "kill

(Italics and 15:24.) (John my Father. and where I am, thither ye cannot come.the Prince of life,"(Acts 3:15), even

7:3334.) (John author's.) of the purpose That was

resistthen not he them. would (James I go shall way,... and ye seek me, my his to give preaching them them—to5:6.) shall in die sins: I and your wither go, ye to the chance, convert not them, no

(Ibid., cannot come. 8:21.) Either a here very have we weak matter of saying the what,—"That Little little children, I yet a while am else or definitecharacter reahe has

fulfilled, the Esaias prophet be might shall you. with I seek Ye as said me: and

for his behavior.sons reason The

I the unto go, Jews, Whither ye cannot spake, Lord, he bewhich hath who his of purpose preachingand he makes I so come; say you."(Ibid., unto 13:33.) now... lieved report? our

... like clear; will othervery prophets, the days he come, shall The ye when

has been sent as a witness by the "Therefore they could not believe,"desire to see one of the days of the Son of ". it.. shall see ye not man, and (ibid.,. their 12; 3941); JohnFather, speak know, do what we "We

shall they or, you, to say here; See And are of dull their hearing, and seen; that ye ears haveand testify we and see there: after not go follow them, nor

lest closed; eyes at they havereceive witness."not our 3:11) (John any them. (Italics author's.) 17:2223.) (Luke

"And what he hath seen and heard, time they should see with their eyes, that he testifieth; and no man reand hear with their ears, and should In these speeches the Lord is adceiveth his testimony."As in the days understand with their heart, and dressing not the wicked but his fol-

..."(Matt. lowers; even for them the quest willof Noah, the witness was given and should be converted,

rejected: 13:15.) The world is not going to be be vain; plainly there are conditions

converted, but it is going to be judged. and time limits attached to the prom-

... The world was made by him, and The first act of the drama is all a ise "Seek and ye shall find,"and "Lo,

not. worldthe knew him preparation,

unto his own, came and his own reHe but for the last notone—thefor the secondsecondcomact, endI amofwiththe world."you alway,(Matt.even28:20.)unto theIn (Ibid., not. 1:1011.)ceived him

ing and the judgment; on that time their search they are warned not to

Even as their ancestors did not beand event all the apostles fix their follow after any of the groups claimlieve in Moses, "... ye also have seen gaze as the reward and vindication ing to be the church—to have found

me, and believe not... (Ibid., 6:36); of all they are doing. In between lies Jesus. Those who are looking admit

"For neither did his brethren believe the dark and dismal interlude of the they have not found him—they are

in him."(Ibid., 7:5.) "The world second act about which the Lord and not the church; and all the rest are

cannot receive the spirit of truth."the apostles have a great deal to say. impostors! Once he has risen up and

(See ibid., 14:17.) Why then bother Having been as completely as poshas shut the door, then all will call

to preach it? The answer is clear: sible rejected by the world—cast out upon his name and clamor to be num-

"For judgment I am come into this of the vineyard and slain—the Lord bered among his followers—but then

world"(ibid., 9:39); that judgment to was to depart thence and leave the (Continued on page 538)

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Conclusion)

titearly thirty years ago The Im- \\ provement Era featured in its - 'March 1926 issue an article on

William Harrison Homer and Martin

Harris, written by the author's father.

We quote extensively from that arti-:: ': ':

cle. The first paragraph is an edilltiilili

tors'note.

Brother William Harrison Homer, who has written the following testimony concerning Martin Harris, one Martin Harris Goes to Utah of the three witnesses to the Book of

Mormon, was born in 1845. He filled the door and knocked. In answer to When the old man was somewhat

a mission in Great Britain in 186769. our knock there came to the door of exhausted, I asked, "Is it not true that

He has lived an honorable life of the cottage a poorly clad, emaciated you were once very prominent in the great activity. He and his good wife, little man, on whom the winter of Church, that you gave liberally of

who celebrated their golden wedding life was weighing heavily. It was your means and that you were active

anniversary several years ago, are still Martin Harris. In his face might be in the performance of your duties?"

living in fair health on Provo Bench read the story of his life. There "That is very true,"replied Martin.

(1925). It was the privilege of Brothwere the marks of spiritual uplift- "Things were all right then. I was

er Homer to hear the testimony of ment. There were the marks of keen honored while the people were here,

Martin Harris under the unique condisappointment. There was the hunbut now that I am old and poor it is

ditions here described. "To hear gry strain for peace—the contentall different.""Really,"I replied,

Brother Homer relate the testimony ment, the divine calm, that it seemed "how can that be? What about your

of Martin Harris,"says Dr. John A. could come no more into his life. It testimony to the Book of Mormon?

Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve, was a pathetic figure, and yet it was Do you still believe the Book of Mor- "is a thrilling experience. The wit- a figure of strength. For with it all mon is true and that Joseph Smith

nesses to the divine authenticity of there was something about the little was a Prophet?"Again the effect was

the Book of Mormon have passed into man which revealed the fact that he electric. A changed old man stood

the spirit world, and not many remain had lived richly, that into his life before me. He was no longer a man

who have heard their testimony. The had entered such noble experiences with an imagined grievance. He was

unusual experience of Brother Homer as come to the lives of but few. a man with a message.

is of great historical interest and is I introduced myself modestly as a "Young man,"answered Martin faithpromoting. Brother Homer's tesbrother-inlaw of Martin Harris, Jr., Harris with impressiveness, "do I betimony is of itself convincing for, as—as he had married my eldest sister lieve it? Do I see the sun shining?

he speaks, the fire of full knowledge and as an elder of the Church who Just as surely as the sun is shining on touches all who listen; and he dewas returning from a foreign misus and gives us light, and the moon

lights to repeat Martin Harris'testision. The effect of the introduction and stars give us light by night, so

mony, and to bear his own to the was electric. But the fact of relationsurely do I know that Joseph Smith

truth of the Book of Mormon."The ship was overwhelmed by the fact of was a true prophet of God, chosen of

Improvement Era takes pleasure in Utah citizenship.... God to open the last Dispensation of

reproducing the testimony herewith. [After expressing bitterness toward the Fulness of Times; so surely do I

the then present leadership of the know that the Book of Mormon was

Editors Church, the eightysix-yearold man divinely translated. I saw the plates;

said,] "You want to see the temple, I saw the Angel; I heard the voice of

Statement of William H. Homer do you?""Yes, indeed,"I exclaimed, God. I know that the Book of Mor-

"if we may."mon is true and that Joseph Smith

I first saw Martin Harris in Kirt- "Well, I'll get the key,"he anwas a true prophet of God. I might

land, Ohio, about the last of Decemswered. From that moment Martin as well doubt my own existence as to

ber 1869. On my return from a misHarris, in spite of occasional outdoubt the divine authenticity of the

sion to England, I stopped to visit bursts, radiated interest. He led us Book of Mormon, or the divine calling

some of my relatives in Pennsylvania. through the rooms of the temple and of Joseph Smith."It was a sublime

On resuming my journey, one of my explained how they were used. He moment. It was a wonderful testicousins, James A. Crockett, who was pointed out the place of the School mony. We were thrilled to the very

not a member of the Church, came as of the Prophets. He showed us where roots of our hair. The shabby, emafar as Kirtland, Ohio, with me. We the temple curtain had at one time ciated little man before us was transremained in Kirtland overnight and hung. He related thrilling experiformed as he stood with hand outthe next morning after breakfast, we ences in connection with the history stretched towards the sun of heaven.

asked the landlord who was custodian of the sacred building. In the base- I asked Martin Harris how he could

of the Mormon Temple at Kirtland, ment, as elsewhere, there were many bear such a wonderful testimony after and he informed us that Martin Harsigns of dilapidation; the plaster had having left the Church. He said,

ris was the custodian and pointed out fallen off the ceilings and walls; win- "Young man, I never did leave the

to us where we would find the old dows were broken; the woodwork was Church; the Church left me."

gentleman. Accordingly we went to stained and marred. (Continued on following page)

JULY 1955 505 tion of the first high council of the

The Story of Martin Harris Church, and he was a member of said council...."

(Continued from preceding page) dent received us very graciously. He During the next few months EdMartin Harris was now in a softer listened attentively to my recital of ward Stevenson was authorized to colasked, to turnedmood. President me and Harris. He to Martin my visit to bring lect subscription by money

I explained you,"again"Who are questions again asked Young now and to two Harris Utah. About Martin

1 Brigour relationship. "So my son, Martin, to make clear certain points. Then, hundred dollars was raised... -

married your sister,"repeated the old when the story was told, he said ham Young's personal contribution of man, shaking my hand. "You know and it seemed to me he beamed with twentyfive dollars is said to havemy family then?""Yes,"I replied; pleasure—"I want to say this: I was headed the list.

"wouldn't you like to see your famnever more gratified over any message ily again?""I should like to see Caroin my life. Send for him? Yes! Even When the weather became propitiline and the children,"mused Martin, if it were to take the last dollar of ous for the aged Martin Harris to

naming over the children, "but I canmy own. Martin Harris spent his travel, in the spring of 1870, Brigham

not. I am too poor.""That need not time and money freely when one dolYoung assigned to his counselor in

stand in the way,"I answered. "Presilar was worth more than one thouthe presidency, George A. Smith, the

dent Young would be only too glad to sand dollars are now. Send for him? task of making all necessary arrangefurnish means to convey you to Utah."Yes, indeed I shall send. Rest asments for bringing Martin Harris to

[After he had hesitated, Martin said:] sured, Martin Harris will be here in Utah. The choice of a man to con-

"You call on Brigham Young. Tell time. It was Martin Harris who gave duct this project was the uppermost

him about our visit. Tell him that the Prophet Joseph Smith the first consideration. The logical choice was

Martin Harris is an old, old man, livmoney to assist in the translation of Elder Edward Stevenson, who had ing on charity, with his relatives. Tell the Book of Mormon. Martin Harris first been impressed with the testihim I should like to visit Utah, my was the first scribe to assist in the mony he had heard Martin Harris

family and children. I would be glad translation of the Book of Mormon bear in Oakland County, Michigan

to accept help from the Church, but from the original plates, as dictated (then a territory) in 1833. He also

I want no personal favors. Wait! by the Prophet, who was led by the had visited Martin Harris at Kirtland

Tell him that if he sends money, he Holy Ghost. It was Martin Harris in 1869 during the course of his mismust send enough for the round trip. who was called, by revelation, to assionary travels, and impressed the old

I should not want to remain in Utah."sist in the selection and ordination gentleman that the work of the Lord

For twentyfive years he had nursed of the first Council of the Twelve was prospering in Utah in fulfilment the old grudge against the leaders of Apostles of the newly organized of Isaiah's prophecy, "the mountain of the Church, probably because nobody Church. It was Martin Harris who the Lord's house shall be established

... andhad had the patience with him that was called upon to accompany the in the top of the mountains,

I had shown. Prophet to Missouri to assist in the nations shall flow unto it."(Isaiah

After we had bidden Martin Harris selection of the land of consecration. 2:2.)

goodbye, and had taken a few steps Martin Harris also aided in the selecThe day following Elder Stevenfrom the temple, my cousin placed his son's arrival in Kirtland was a Sunhands on my shoulders and said, day. The temple was made avail-

"Wait a minute."Looking me squareable for a religious meeting, and after

ly in the eye, he said, "I can testify the morning meetings, the audience that the Book of Mormon is true. voted to come back for a second meetThere is something within me that ing that day. Both meetings were

tells me the old man told the truth. well attended.

I know the Book of Mormon is true."In Chicago, on their way west, MarIn due time I reached my home in tin Harris was delighted to find

the Seventh Ward in Salt Lake City. crowds that would listen to him. All

I recounted to my father my experiseemed astonished to hear him relate twoences Harris, and Martin we with page) on following (Continued livSteele, only Harris Sariah at the toset report immediately out of Martin ing granddaughter, Era (Salt Utah, Lake City, Improvement he PresiPresidentoffice Young. of The 468471. xxix; year. Harris, 1926) March 84th in her now

Martin Harris and One Direct Line of Descendants.

WSf f&

Martin Harris, WitMartin Harris, Jr. Russell King Harris Walker Harris Russell Martin Martin David

ness to the Book of Harris Harris

Mormon. 506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA three witnesses of the Harris, one Martin city in beautiful fact story in the of histhe part the bringing pie—and

rebaptized of the Book was of Mormon, to Brothto- fullforth of wonderful of the Book Mormon. view—lookedin at the Edby Elder House day Endowment in er Harris, his arrival wrapped Iowa, seemed Moines, at Des who On Elder Stevenson confirmed and by ward

members of the branch of the Church Orson Pratt (mouth), John Taylor, Wilford admiration and exclaimed, "Who there took up a collection and bought Woodruff, and Joseph F. Smith. President

him a new suit. That act made MarGeorge A. Smith and Elders John D. T.

tin feel like a new man. He rested McAllister,and Martin'sJohnsister,Lyon,Mrs. Naomi H. Davis,Bent

in this several days Iowa city for his also present. and were Harris Martin and Nancy Homer interviewed the local newsbywas sister also baptized Brother were Stevby of Harris, wife

paper. Here he attended a baptismal enson for a number of their dead relatives, Martin Harris, Jr.,

service, and it was here that Elder and were confirmed by the same brethren, in whose home the

Stevenson more particularly began to Josephnamed F.brethrenSmith beingbeing mouth,present.all4 the above hisageddecliningwitness years.spent

teach Martin Harris about the necessity of his being rebaptized. 2 What a time of rejoicing! What a rjgfa

Elder Stevenson and Martin Harris notable gathering of General Authoriarrived in Salt Lake City August 30, ties, distinguished associates, and 1870. President Brigham Young was friends of the witness, now assembled would have thought that the Book of

5out of the city, but they saw each to welcome his return to the fold. Mormon would have done all this?"

other and were reconciled on PresiThe prodigal son had returned and to Cache Valley, hedent Young's return. great was the joy. How appropriate On his way

From Elder George Q. Cannon's that Martin Harris should be constopped at Harrisville, near Ogden,

firmed after Orson by Desereteditorial in the member News Pratt—a of Heto visitthenhisproceedednephew, onMartinto SmithfieldH. Harris.to first the of in quorum the valley, Aposthe Twelve arrivedMartin Harris

we quote: tles in this dispensation, who had been the home of his eldest son, Martin

selected and ordained by Martin and Harris, Jr. While living at SmithMartin Harris is in his eightyeighth year. the two other special witnesses thirtyfield and later at Clarkston, Martin

of his is for vigorous one remarkably his Harris byHe was visited sons, John five years previously.

faculstill of his the retains useyears, and his daughter, Ida and Solomon, and invited in Martin to speak was the his good,ties, very being and his memory after in born Iowa was May, who in failed, Tabernacle City, to hissight, appear have Salt Lake eyes and though being so acute that he can see to pick a pin later in Ogden, bearing the same Caroline had left Martin at Kirtland off the ground. He has experienced many testimony, unchanged and with reand started West. Martin had never

point, to vicissitudes; one butchanges and this until to daughter he came earnestness, newed vigor and conseen never has heard, he as haveso far we a lass of fourher found and Utah firming his early experiences while testifailed to bear never haschanged:—he teen. eldest Julia, daughter, Martin's of the authenticity to divine Book themony

of Mormon. He says it is not a matter of died in Echo, Utah, the year before

belief on his part, but of knowledge. He, her father arrived. Emer Harris, Marwith the other two witnesses, declared—and tin's brother, also passed away in

every copytheir has accompanied testimony StevenEdward the year before Martin Logan came of angelof an the book—"that God came son, auwas who Martin's former Caroline, to Utah. brought he heaven, and and from thorizeddown Brigby

laid before our eyes, that we beheld and ham Young to wife, was now married and sealed to collect thereon."money engravings the the plates andsaw to John Catley Davis.

bring Martin Harnot varied from in has declaration heThis fortyone years; and it is a remarkable fact ris to Utah. Shortly after the arrival of his

that, though away from the Church, and father in Smithfield, Martin, Jr.,

not maintaining their connection with the moved west across the valley to ClarkProphet Joseph Smith, not one of the three ston. Here the aged witness spent the

far failed, so as known,witnesses have ever of their to the truth united remaining years of his life in theto bear testimony declaration contained in the preface of the associated with Joseph Smith during quietude and serenity of his son's

Book of Mormon! Deny whatever they the period of the coming forth of the home, affectionately cared for by

might of other points of doctrine, of Joseph's Book of Mormon and the organization Martin, Jr., and his wife, Nancy Ann.

his have they or ofauthority management, of the Church. This Clarkston home soon became they the have testimony denied whichnever

given to the world concerning the Book He was then conducted by Elder a center with a beaten path leading of Mormon. Stevenson on a tour of many of the to its door, a constant stream of

We are glad to see Martin Harris once established wards throughout the tervisitors from far and near coming to feels Saints. in of the the midstmore He ritory, received always where he to Harris, their respects Martin a pay

this led are peoplethat God, that by rejoiced at every they hearty welcome, and his everthe witness, hear and to a people blessed haveare a and and happy the appearance of enjoying God's favor. They opportunity to repeat his testimony. ready testimony. He was literally and

are doing the very work which the Book When President George A. Smith in great humility complying with that

of Mormon said should be done, and are and others were being driven by John divine command, given him more than people,the only to take in a carriage Smith who as a people, believe in Henry a forty years before: 8

the Book.

Salt Springs, near bath in the Warm tidings, shall yea, declare thou glad And passing over a high City, while 17, Lake Saturday, September on Then it the publish mountains, upon and upon hill, directed curthe President Smith rejoined the Harris1870, Martin place, every high people every and among raised, to givcarriage of tains the be states: that see. shall record to permitted thou beChurch. (D The & C

ing a magnificent view of the city be19:29.)

Witnesses Three Stevenson, "The 2Edward

Saints'Latterday MillennialBook The of Mormon,"to the low. The Tabernacle and the Tem- (Continued on page 524)

Star (Liverpool, England, 1866) XLVIII: 366367.

sDeseret News (weekly) September 7, 1870. journal History, September 17, 1870. DEdward Stevenson, op. cit, page 390.

JULY 1955 507 HOW GLORIOUS

IS YOUTH

THAT IS CLEAN"

by Dr. Rex A. Skidmore

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

—Photographs by Eva Luoma

is the virtue that contributes reports are based on twelve falseOnefacingOF theyouthimportanttoday questionsconcerns wrong,not indulgencebut I assure you that selfmastery, cently, which states that the Kinsey premises and consequently are "enmoral standards. The scriptures ofto thewomanhood.virility of1 manhood and to the beauty

discarded tirely be should and wrong the ages have throughand sages down of truth."interest the of virtue.extolled Church the values Although the values of chastity in

Authorities, other leaders, and scienhave been set forth clearly and simply, Although some promiscuity exists, tiststruth—thatare reechoingchastity istheimportantsame basicand tionala few errantexplorationyouthsis claimall right.that affecThey dothisnotdoesmakenot makea thingit right.right orNumberswrong,

brings great rewards for individuals, point out that some studies, such as desirable or otherwise. Just because

families, communities, and nations. the Kinsey reports, show that promsomeone else does something, does not

The scriptures spell out emphatiiscuity is not uncommon in certain make it best for another to do. Thoucally that morality is a fundamental groups. But the best knowledge sands of persons are killed annually in

teaching which brings joy and happiavailable shows that errant youth are automobile accidents; millions are

ness. The Book of Mormon and Docwrong. An overall view of scieninjured. This does not mean that actrine and Covenants, as well as the tific data substantiates the view of recidents are desirable. Theft is a

Bible, clearly stress the importance of ligious leaders—morality makes sense common criminal offense; because

chastity. The First Presidency, in as well as being spiritually sound. thousands of people steal does not

1942, reaffirmed this position when The Kinsey reports, although make stealing a good thing for anyone, they stated: quoted often, have been carefully individually or socially. Many people

intoxicating drink tobacco and smoke fields. in various analyzed by experts

angels glorious to the near and How this that again, liquor; not does mean sciendescribe evaluations many is The this joy unis clean; has that youthyouth desirable. are drinking smoking and tific studies; for limitations of such hereeternal happiness herespeakable and

after. Sexual purity is youth's most precious example, Kinsey 's research subjects In fact, a talk with a wife whose huspossession. were volunteers. Who would be most band has been a heavy smoker and

likely to volunteer to be interviewed? who has died of lung cancer or with

President McKay, speaking before One who had socalled "liberal"a husband whose wife is an alcoholic the MIA youth convention in Los views, similar to those of the researchdramatically reflects the undesirability

Angeles, August 8, 1954, reiterated ers or someone who disagreed? Scienof both practices.

these basic truths: tifically, his samples were not adeMany social scientists and marriage

quate. Therefore, it is unwise to draw counselors are reaffirming the imgrow never things which There are some

is conclusions from these studies. Edportance of morality; for example, Dr. of sweetness a babyoldfashioned. The

one. The virtue and chastity of manhood mund Bergler and William S. Kroger, Pitirim A. Sorokin, noted sociologist

is another. Youth is the time to lay the two doctors, published a book reat Harvard University, recently wrote:

for ourfoundation homes. I know there

Salt Deseret Salt *The Deseret and Lake Telegram, "Church News 2The News Lake Telegram, Salt Lake and tell that suppression you 3.are those who 1954, Aug. 28, 8, City, is News,"p. 1954, 6A. January p.

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Immorality has to helped ruin many a person involved to his associaand successful It is marriages. obvious great nation in past centuries. it Today

is tion with each other, support gained that a husband and a wife who threatens even the States. United ****** for reserving affection for one's mate been true to themselves and to haveeach

Sexual behavior, like any other kind, must in marriage. other can develop deeper understandtested be for Tightness or wrongness your by oneness ing and than a pair can who about morality it—does What make conscience. it own Will harm your commistrust start. the from Those sense? study of cases facts harbor munity? A and family? Your yourself? You ****** shows clearly that it does. Persons who are promiscuous before marriage

Many scientists are already wondering who follow the moral code never have are the ones most likely to be promisor whether is not there a connection between cuous after "the knot tied."has been to worry about difficult situations the status shaky of our sexual morality If a couple best the marriage, want and such as venereal disease or an unthe rise in the rate of crime, suicide, juvenile

defined. way is well reputation. delinquency takes Life and on a the insanity. Personally I besavory

lieve there is. is very different Affection to meaning much more than a a young

person who has just been told by a physical experience; it has psychoDr. Abraham Stone, noted author doctor that he has a "social disease."logical overtones and spiritual meanand doctor, often regarded as the His feelings toward himself and others ing. Therefore, the sanctity of the

father of modern marriage counseling, will never be the same. Let's take home is needed for real love and loytakes a similar position: "From my the case of Miss L. who showered her alty to abound. Affection, within

quarter century of counseling on maraffection on whoever came along. marriage, is a spiritual resource for

ital problems I cannot recall a single When she wanted to settle down, she enhancing family solidarity; outside

case where infidelity has strengthened chose a seriousminded, clean young of marriage it is a cancerous growth the marital bond.... In fact it man. The marriage lasted only two which causes all kinds of trouble and

usually leads to deep personal conweeks. The girl could not stand being complications. The sex urge is Godflicts and family disruption."4 a "living lie."Contrast this situation given for noble purposes which can be

At the conference of the National with the mature couple who have reconsummated only within the sancCouncil on Family Relations, held at served their affection for each other tity of marriage.

Mills College, in Oakland, in July in marriage. They are deeply in love. What about the youth who has

1954, Dr. Lester Kirkendall, a naThey have an abiding faith and trust "crossed the line"? This person needs

tional authority on family education, in each other; the marital door is help. If he can talk, in confidence,

explained that in his discussion with open for further growth of love, reto his bishop or other counselor, and youth groups the most effective reaspect, and unity. reevaluate everything, then there is

soning in favor of chastity comes from The person who adheres to the a good chance he can change his bethinking about the question: "What moral code actually has the most freehavior and move forward. There is

would be the results of the interdom of all. He is a slave to no one, still an opportunity for a successful

relationship?"In other words, as not even to himself. As the rights of marriage—less than for those who

young people really think through others are respected, freedom is inhave not "crossed the line"—but cerwhat promiscuity would mean to each creased for everyone. tainly worth working toward.

3Pitirim Sorokin, A. Case "The Against Sex Freeeverything into conis taken When Studies that those reshow who Salt The dom,"Lake Tribune, This Magazine. Week

January 3, 1954. it is clear chastity that serve their affections for marriage, for sideration,

Stone, 4Abraham Case Against "The Marital Infidelreligiously as pays big dividends, well ity,"Reader's the Digest, The really one they love, 1954, May p. 13. have the most

as in other aspects of living. If young

people will think through carefully all possibilities, they will find ample evidence and support for following the moral code, not only in the teachings of their church but also in the findings of social scientists and marriage counselors. Case history after case

history attests to the fact that those who reserve their affection for the person they genuinely love, in marriage, are the ones who find the greatest happiness in life. The evidence,

religious and secular, shows that chastity is a basic value to be cherished by all. Experience of the past and

present confirms what President

McKay so aptly said:

people If young think Selfmastery during youth and the comthrough carefully all possibilities, they will find ample pliance with the single standard of morality evidence and support for folis (1) the source of virile manhood; (2) the

lowing the moral code. crown of beautiful womanhood; (3) the

foundation of a happy home, and (4) the contributing to factor the strength and per- 5 petuity of the race!

5David O. McKay, Gospel Ideals (Salt Lake City:

The Improvement Era, 1953), p. 474.

JULY 1955 TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS

SOUTH

LOS Jjrcimauc Lcam,paianANGELES

First in Total, First in Percent ERA

Wm. Noble Clifford B. Harold F. Marvin E. Edna Harris

Whittier Waite Wright president first stake counselor second counselor MIAJacobsonsupt. MIA pres. SUBSCRIPTIONS

LONG BEACH Third in Total, Seventh in Percent

by A. Glen Snarr

Francis M. Richard Barnes Delores Halls Dorothea Smith is a report and tribute to the

Zimmerman supt. MIA pres. Era direetor This president MIA stake thousands of loyal Era workers

and subscribers who were responSAN sible for making the "Every Home anFERNANDO

Fourth in Era Home"campaign an overwhelmTotal, Fourteenth in ing success.

Percent We are very grateful for the support and encouragement given by

W MIA officers, bishoprics, high councilFullmer Dolly Mary Jane Henkel Dean Hugh presidencies. men, Through and stake

Carlisle stake president Era director Ena directorm C. Smith A.MIAWestonsupt.Bird

efforts pres. the Eras combined of all, more MIA

than ever before are now going into

LAS VEGAS Fifth in Tothe homes of our people.

tal, Ninth in Considering some unavoidable obPercent stacles that had to be overcome this achievement is even more significant.

Era workers in many parts of the

Church were faced with problems that

Thomas Myers G. DanielMIAS. supt.Larkin AshworthMildred JohnsonHarold ArvillaEra directorJohnson threatened to hinder the placing of stake president MIA pres. Era director the Era in the homes of our people.

As a result during most of the camUNIVERSITY

Seventh in paign subscriptions lagged, sometimes

Total, in as much as twenty percent. Eleventh

Percent Then the magnificent field force started to roll. With a great conviction

of the good they were doing and with a determination to be successful in the

J. Quayle president stake Ward ClarkMIAP.Russellsupt. EdytheJohnsonC. EraNickdirectorStolk EraBethdirectorBrady assignment given them, problems and MIA pres. discouragements were pushed aside;

the true missionary spirit took over;

EAST LOSANGELES and we had the biggest March, subTenth in scriptionwise, in Era history. This Total

spirit continued through to the end of the campaign, April 13, and we finished in a blaze of glory with a better than two thousand subscription gain

Fauntleroy John F. Baker Burnadine D. Burl A. Brown over last year. It would be difficult

Hunsaker president MIA stake supt. MIAWallacepres. Era director to find anywhere in the Church evidence of greater loyalty and devotion

LIBERTY to duty than that manifested by the

Eleventh in Total Era workers who made possible this noteworthy accomplishment.

Twenty stakes, eight missions, eight wards and eight mission branches were awarded citations for placing

Walter W. Kenneth R. Lucille L. Ford Barnett W. Alice M. Swick among the leading units of the

Hunter stake pres. EraSwickdirector Era director Church. president MIAJohnsonsupt. MIA

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PERCENT OF CASH AWARD MINIMUM

BOUNTIFUL

Second injrlniik—Percent,

Second in Total

Berniece Maurice Thomas Arbuckle Arbuckle Briggs director director Era Amby HowardMIA Gerbersupt. LeoneMIANewtonpres. Era president stakeREACH

LOS

ANGELES Third in Percent,ALLTIME HIGH Eighth in

Total subscription director

Citation Winning Stakes and JohnstakeM.presidentRusson ArthurMIA Wallacesupt. AudreyMIA pres.Snow HarveyEra directorSessions

Missions It is with great pride that we list BIG HORN the stakes and missions which won FourthPercent,in citations. Much could be said about SixthTotal in

each of them. Some are newly organized stakes conducting their first

campaign under their new name, such as, Blackfoot South Las Vegas. and Floyd E. Glen

Allred president citastake at are oldtimers winning Some director Nielson ClaudeMIALewissupt.Jr. GladysMIAEimmettpres. FloydEra directorAllred EraMrs.

tions and have been awarded one for many consecutive years; such as, Long BLACKFOOT

Beach and South Los Angeles who FifthPercentin have received a citation every year since their organization—nineteen and

seventeen in a row respectively. Union

has won ten consecutive citations;

North Central States Mission nine;

Florida eight; Los Angeles and South Parleystake presidentA. Arave A.BergesonBerthel GardnerBernice DaleEra Jackmandirector Mrs.JackmanDale

Idaho Falls seven; Canadian Mission MIA supt. MIA pres. Era director

six; Big Horn and Moapa five.

Space permitting we could tell in MOAPASixth in detail of the special meetings, dinPercent ners, dances, projects, special displays, charts, etc., used to create enthusiasm and enjoyment in the work that

helped these stakes and missions attain such outstanding success. Each Grant Martin J. L. Bowler Ardyce Hardy Ilene

Christenson supt. MIA pres.

director Era of the following deserves special recogstakeBowlerpresident MIA nition: SOUTH Citation Winners, Percent IDAHO

FALLS of Cash Award Minimum Eighth in

Percent, *South Los Angeles, 397%; *BounNinthTotal in

tiful, 242%; *Los Angeles, 236%; *Big

Horn, 221%; Blackfoot, 202%;

Moapa, 197%; *Long Beach, 192%; Cecil E. Hart Monte Scott Golda Jack L.

*South Idaho Falls, 188%; *Las stake president MIA supt. MIAArmstrongpres. EraMcClaskydirector

Vegas, 181%; South Blackfoot, 180%;

University, 175%; Union, 173%; SOUTH

*Maricopa, 166%; *San Fernando, BLACKFOOT

157%; Florida, 156%. PercentTenth in

Citation Winners, Total Subscriptions *South Los Angeles, 2887; *BountiLawrence 1309; Beach, *San fuL 1463; *Long Jensen A. EraIrmadirectorJensen Lambert

director T. MarvinMIA supt.Wray MIAZola Turpinpres. EraOrville president page 514) stake {Continued on

JULY 1955 511 meeting of share owners ever assembled

President Ralph J. Cordiner's recent

report to the 329,000 owners of Genprogress m pany's has been in the made A iWi eral Electric emphasized that the cominterests of customers, share owners, employees, suppliers and the public.

>Jt Here are highlights of his talk, covering the period 19391954, given before.*:.... 3,284 of the share owners. This is the

largest nufnber that ever gathered for any company's annual meeting.*

. JV h< M

How customers shared in General Electric progress

PRODUCT QUALITY UP. Example: Today's 40watt fluorescent lamp lasts 400% longer, costs 58.9% less

COST OF ELECTRICITY DOWN A dollar today will buy $1.03 worth of electricity at 1939 prices

and New improved products 200 > like the convenient wallmount- ed refrigerator 175 <? 93 - at left) (shown

make work easier, life more com- /* fortable—increase the for 150. need

electricity. the Today average ooy

nearly home uses three times 125 electricity as much as in 1939; Cost of electricity down 3%

100 the average industrial worker, more than twice as much. 75

1939 1942 1945 1948 1951 1954 Improvements in G-E turbinegenerators were A major factor in reducing the cost of electricity.

How share owners shared in General Electric progress

OWNERS MADE GROWTH POSSIBLE. $534 million of total earnings was reinvested in the business

DIVIDENDS UP General Electric paid 47 d per share in 1939, $1.53 per share in 1954

Share owner equity went up as a result of an aggressive policy of expansion. Total earnings

34 cents out of every dollar of earnings was reinvested in the business; share

owners'equity increased from $324 million in 1939 to $1,023 million in 1954. Reinvested

earnings < President Ralph J. Cordiner, at the

annual meeting, welcomes Mr. and Mrs.

William Roesch. Mr. Roesch, operator

of a meat market in Buffalo, is General

Electric's 300,000th -share owner.

For Mr. Cordiner's report, highlighted on these pages, plus a record of the

annual meeting, write Electric, General Dept. X2117, Schenectady, N. Y.

How employees shared in General Electric progress

NEW JOBS CREATED Example: Research and development created 70,000 job opportunities

WAGES UP Example: Compensation and other benefits have grown more than seven times since 1939

Average number New machines and new methods have of employees made work cleaner and safer for our o employees while keeping our products 1939 competitive. More than 70% of General 71,485

Electric's postwar investment program * billion, of dolmillion one one hundred O O O is better lars equipment. and for new

220,956 How suppliers shared in General Electric progress

MORE PURCHASES FROM MORE BUSINESSES General Electric suppliers increased to 40,000

PAYMENTS for materials, supplies, and services have grown more than 10 times

A significant contribution of General Electric to the progPayments 1954 ress of its suppliers is the perito suppliers odical Value Analysis Seminars.

Fresh, creative thinking is encouraged. Suppliers are invited 1939

to contribute suggestions on improvements in our products, or ways in which their services or products can be better used. $138,400,000 $1,401,200,000

How the public shared in General Electric progress

ATOMIC PROGRESS SPEEDED General Electric has been actively engaged in atomic development since the 1930's

MANY AREAS BENEFITED Example: General Electric now has 135 plants in 105 cities in 28

General Electric is engaged in MILLIONS more atomic projects—for peace 400

and defense—than any other company. For example, we have contracted to: Build the largest

peacetime atomic electric plant yet announced Operate Hanford Atomic Works Build an atomic reactor for submarines Develop aircraft nuclear propulsion.

1939 1942 1945 1948 1951 1954 7

Progress Is Our Most Important Product

EN E PERCENT OF CASH AWARD MINIMUM Era Subscriptions Reach

UNION Twelfth in AilTime High Percent

(Continued from page 511) Fernando, 1308; *Las Vegas, 1296;

*Big Horn, 1201; *University, 1125;

*Los Angeles, 1098; *South Idaho

Ernest Clifford Alton D. Baxter Naomi E. Perry Spencer B. Child Thelma Falls, 1073; East Los Angeles, 1006;

Buckwalter Anderson supt. MIA pres. Eka director director Liberty, 960; East Mill Creek, 948; Era president MIA stake

Salt Lake, 939; *Maricopa, 930; Mesa,

MARICOPA 860.

Thirteenth in Percent, Mission Citation Winners Fourteenth in Total Percent of Cash Award

Minimum *New England, -414%; * Southern

L. Harold Blaine Cummard Dorothy Kellis Lorenzo Rich Iona Johnson States, 201%; Canadian, 188%; North

Wright MIA supt. MIA pres. Era director Era director Central States, 170%; Western Canapresident stake

dian, 158%.

FLORIDA Fifteenth in Mission Citation Winners,

Percent Total Subscriptions *Southern States, 2447; West Central States, 1132; *New England,

lii Hi J 1001; Western States, 899; California,

llktll*Alvin C. Chace Leolin N. Dickey Elsie Starling Richard Bowen Joan Bowen 889.

stake president MIA supt. MIA pres. Era director Era director

WARD AND BRANCH CITATION TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS WINNERS EAST MILL CREEK Group A Wards (Cash Award

Twelfth in Minimum 35 and Under) Total

So. California Deaf Branch, Los

Angeles Stake, 517%; *Miramonte

Ward, South Los Angeles Stake,

River Lost Ward, *Moore 420%; Dorothy Kay Lamont

Neerings B. Schwendiman Gundersen South Darlington Ward, Stake, 372%,; director A. ShirleyMIA Collinspres. TedEraJ. directorNeerings Era supt. president stake MIA

Carolina Stake, 345%.

SALT LAKE Total Subscriptions Thirteenth in Total *Moore Ward, Lost River Stake, 108; *Miramonte Ward, South Los

Angeles Stake, 105.

Group B Wards (Cash Award Lincoln E. Minimum 36 and Over) Smith Hanks

director F. JosephMIAR.supt.Smith OpalMIAChristensenpres. HaroldEra directorW. Potts EraDorothy president stake

Matthews Ward, South Los Angeles

MESA Stake, 463%; *South Gate Ward,

Fifteenth in South Los Angeles Stake, 459%; Total

Huntington Park Ward, South Los

Angeles Stake, 457%.

Total Subscriptions

Donald Melvin D. Rogers Alice L. Skousen *South Gate Ward, South Los AnEllsworth MIA supt. MIA pres. geles Stake, 450; West Bountiful president stake

TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS, MISSIONS Ward, Bountiful Stake, 332.

CALIFORNIA Group A Branches (C.A.M. 7 and

MISSION Under) Fifth in Total, Sixth in *Foxboro Branch, New England

Percent Mission, 1220%; Ft. Frances Branch,

North Central States Mission, 750%;

Genoa Branch, Southern States MisSister Bunker L. Bunker Bryan

pres. mission mission mother MIATasmasupervisorDansie MIAParleysupervisorDansie EraChaddirectorCox sion, 600%.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Total Subscriptions PERCENT, MISSIONS *Foxboro Branch, New England new

Mission, 61; Worcester Branch, New mission

England Mission, 33. Percent,First in

Third in Group B Branches (C.A.M. 8 and Total

Over) New London Branch, New England J. Howard Richard L. Theadore D. J. Earl Sandmire Jerome D. Wiest

Mission, 722%; Brantford Branch, missionMaughanpres. MIABushmansupervisor BraWalkerdirector firstsecondhalfcounselorof year second counselor

Canadian Mission, 650%.

CANADIAN Total Subscriptions MISSIONThird in

Percent Toronto Branch, Canadian Mission, 155; Albuquerque 2nd Branch, Western States Mission, 141.

Indicates double citation. J. Melvin Toone Lynn M. Beazer C. Duane Kerr K. Ray Durham

mission pres. first counselor second counselor Era director

SOUTH LOS ANGELES AGAIN LEADS ALL STAKES NORTHCENTRAL STATES Top honors for stakes was won by MISSIONFourth in

South Los Angeles who placed first in Percent total subscriptions for the twelfth consecutive year and first in percent for the sixth consecutive year. This re- G. Eugene G. Albin Matson J. Wright Child Douglas Deardon Thomas A.

markable achievement won for them missionEnglandpres. first counselor second counselor formersupervisorMIA MIAGwynnsupervisor

the Citation ExtraOrdinary for the sixth consecutive time—the only stake WESTERN

ever to be awarded this special citaCANADIANMISSION..

tion. Too much cannot be said about FifthPercentin

the consistently outstanding accomplishments of this fine stake. Here

are some of their achievements: every

ward in Hall of Fame; (Ninety per- R. Scott V. Alfred Wood Helen Low Jack A. Buttars Beth Harper

Zimmermancent or more of homes getting Eras); first counselor MIA supervisor second counselor missionrapherstenogpres. mission

largest number of subscriptions ever received from a stake, 2887; leader of TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS, MISSIONS

all stakes in percent of cash award SOUTHERN minimum, 397%; the Era to every MISSIONSTATES

serviceman, 68; largest contribution to First in

Lamanite Gift Campaign, 314. Total,Second in

President William Noble Waite, Percent who is vitally interested in the Era campaigns in his stake, has been in Slilfi itMil the Era office on several occasions PetermissionJ. Rickspres. LucilleBrownK. HutchisonArchie Roypresident,P. Douberly RalphEraC. aidBrown

and said that they want the Era in MIA & Erasupervisordirector Westpresident,Florida Dist. CentralDist.Florida

all their homes for it helps to develop a unity and a proper spirit among WEST their members and is responsible for CENTRALSTATES bringing many inactive members back MISSIONSecond in into activity. Subscribers are enTotal

couraged regularly to read the Era.

NEW ENGLAND LEADS ALL Samuel A. Marteel Lawrence I. Noel Rigby Mary Rigby

aid mission aid CHURCH UNITS IN PERCENT missionHendrickspres. Hendrickswomen's firstTaylorcounselor mission

New England Mission for the third auxiliaries straight year was awarded a special WESTERNSTATES citation. Some of their achievements MISSION

are: Highest in percent of Cash Total,Fourth in

Award Minimum for the entire PercentEighth in

Church stakes and missions, 414%;

third in totals for missions, 1001;

twelve branches in the Hall of Fame. A. Lewis Sister Elggren Delmont H. Rella White

Elggren mission mother White MIA supervisor first president counselor (Continued on following page) mission

JULY 1955 515 Era Subscriptions Reach

AilTime High

{Continued from preceding page)

President J. Howard Maughan has

indicated that the Era is a vital part 7Mmprouemenrfxa of the proselyting activities in the

New England Mission.

SOUTHERN STATES MISSION EXCEEDS 2000 SUBSCRIPTIONS

Southern States Mission placed first sol in los STAKE in total subscriptions with 2447 and mm second in percent with 193% among

Ct'ft'i/ J lonw an fm J4otne missions and sent in the second largCAMPAIGN est number of subscriptions of any

Church unit. President Peter J. Ricks,

with the splendid assistance of Lucille K. Brown, has been encouraging

the local branch officers to assume responsibility of Era campaigns.

Every letter has indicated that the entire mission is solidly behind this work and realizes the great good that can be done by placing this missionary magazine in the homes of members and some nonmembers. There

were thirtynine branches in the

Southern States Mission reporting that the qualifications for listing in the Hall of Fame had been achieved. Many of

the branches reported that one hundred percent of the LDS families were receiving the Era.

BOUNTIFUL STAKE SCORES h HIGH

Bountiful Stake, a citation winner each year since its organization about three years ago, turned jn 1463 sub- 1 scriptions and reached 242% to place

TMtnprooemoitEra second to South Los Angeles in both listings. Brother and Sister Maurice Sfrecitii

Arbuckle, conducting their first campaign as a man and wife team, have set a new standard of achievement.UVAKhl I) TO

for the stakes in the Salt Lake area.

New England Mission SALT LAKE AREA STAKES SCORE HIGH Cveru,/tonie an (Lnt J-fome CAMI'AH.iN One of the surprises of the campaign was the number of Salt Lake

area stakes that won citations. Bountiful was the leader among these, followed by University, Liberty, East

Mill Creek, and Salt Lake. This

equaled the number of citation winners from the perennially strong

Southern California area.

UNIVERSITY STAKE IS TRIPLE CITATION WINNER We must mention the remarkable achievements of University Stake..

516 (Continued on page 518) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA drainage, fines CHASE COPPER TUBE

Chase Copper Tube with Chase SolderJoint Fittings for waste, vent and soil lines can be installed rapidly... more

economically... do a better drainage job

... last longer.

You get a lightweight system that can

CHASE Copper Fittings are be easily assembled and handled on the job. Pipe and joints are rugged enough watertight, pressuretight!

to take hard knocks. 20 foot lengths

need fewer joints.

For complete information, see your

Chase wholesaler.

Kennecott Copper Corporation A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

JULY 1955 517 ERA SUBSCRIPTIONS REACH ALLTIME HIGH

(Continued from page 516) Church unit, stake or mission, to win YOU, TOO, Under the leadership of Nick Stolk, a triple citation.

who gained a testimony of the gospel in a labor camp in Germany and who SERVICEMEN SUBSCRIPTIONS WILL GAIN is now a member of a bishopric, the Under the plan outlined by the from stake not only won double citation general servicemen's committee of honors but also registered the greatest the Church, servicemen are to repoint gain in percent. It was the only ceive the Era each month as a gift CHILDCRAFT!

The fascinating wonders of child- >2Snk::n*-2>>->5

hood! How you'll cherish exploring

with them your child, with ChildvJn *J\eepma Ccovifidevices guide! craft as your

You'll find enchanting poems and stories with brilliant, fullcolor ilRichard L. Evans

lustrations, all selected for the important adventure of growing up. f ast week we talked of sharing confidences. Today, for a

And, as his interests widen, there *-* moment, we should like to talk of keeping confidences.

are sections on Art, Science, Nature As already observed, there is strength and safety and sincere

Study, Music, Literature and Hissatisfaction in sharing thoughts and feelings and experiences all tory; special geared to the chilthose interwith wives, love and with we live with—husbands

ests eager, the of growing mind. parents, with dren families someanother sharing with one

Memorable songs, fascinating thing of their separate circles. There is strength and safety

riddles, games, stimulating and in the counsel and confidences of more than one mind, and other activities creative occupy young hands and minds. both in times of happiness and in times of trouble we all

need someone to confide in, someone to share with, someBut Childcraft is not just a set of one to talk to. (Of course, there is such a thing as being

books. It is 15 wonderful a design too talkative, too trivial, of telling too much too tiresomely. for living, guidance, welland

rounded growth and development. />n/l there is such a thing also as being too intrusive in atIt brings you the services of 150 tempting to pry out confidences with insensitive insistence.)

leading experts in child psychology But all this aside, it is wonderfully reassuring and satisand education. It's difficult to say fying to have someone to be safe with, someone to trust,

who will gain the most, you or your someone to talk to understandingly and openly—without

child, when you make Childcraft holding ourselves too tightly; without the feeling that we

part of your family. For all this, must speak through narrow, guarded slits; without the fear

Childcraft costs less than you of letting someone see inside. Sometimes things don't

think. For full information, write come into focus until they are talked out, and in thinking Mr. William F. Hayes, Dept. 1247,

Box 3 565, Chicago 54, Illinois. out loud, in sharing confidences with someone who has a

right to share them, counsel becomes wiser, safer, and more

CHILDCRAFT mature. One of the surpassing blessings of life is to have

America's famous someone to listen, someone to understand, someone close and child development plan comfortable and trusted, with the assurance that what is

FIELD ENTERPRISES, INC. said will be respected, not misunderstood, not distorted, not

Educational Division misquoted, not misused. In some respects, a greater compliMerchandise Mart Plaza ment than being loved, is being trusted—and deserving to Illinois Chicago 54,

be trusted. And as we have a right to expect the confidences

of those we love and live with, so we have an obligation to respect and keep such confidences—and never to let one

who shares a confidence with us be embarrassed by it. The

Has your ward shown either essence of these thoughts has been beautifully phrased in these films? of this summarizing sentence: "Oh, the comfort, the inexpresfor (By L.D.S. people L.D.S. showings)

sible comfort, of feeling safe with a person having neither

OLIVER COWDERY to weigh thoughts, nor measure words—but pouring them

as they dramatization color right of all sound 45 grain and min. 16mm are—chaff out—just life. in his highlights Very educational and

will take certain a faithful that and hand entertaining. sift them—keeptogether

is worth with the breath of kindness what THE CHOICE LAND keeping—and1

film dramatizing min. sound 30 16mm rest away."blow the

with of the Americas Story Book of Mormonthe history as theme.

Reasonable rental—Also hundreds Jke J>poken \AJord om temple square

of other films to choose from PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

For full information, write or call SYSTEM, APRIL 24, 1955

Copyright, 1955

Maria Mulock Craik. (Has also sometimes been credited to

erroneously.) friendship—DinahEliot, apparently 54 PostHILLAM'SOffice Place Salt Lake City, Utah George

Phone 3-5417 518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from the priesthood quorum to which they belong or from the bishop; each

is authorized to use quorum or ward funds for this purpose.

Bishops and Melchizedek Priest-.:..:

hood quorum presidents have realized the great source of comfort and ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS strength as well as the enjoyment.. and WINDOW SCREENS mmmmm.that can come to these young boys

through reading The Improvement

Era while away from home. With

this conviction, these leaders in most

Rylock Screen of the wards of the Church have seen

Door Storm & to it that all the servicemen from their ward are getting The Improvement

Era. Letters of appreciation received Rylock Tension

from these servicemen give ample eviWindow Screens dence of the good being accomplished, of testimonies being strengthened, and.. Save You Maintenance and

missionary work being carried forward Upkeep Costs Year After Year among their buddies through this Rylock Aluminum Screens and Comservice. bination Doors are so easy to install

and so low in upkeep. Beautiful,

MISSIONARY TO THE durable and economical! The trim,

LAMANITES graceful design of Rylock Screens

An important feature of the past andany decor.CombinationSee themDoorstoday!blend with

campaign was the thousands of gift

Distributed through Dealers by...

subscriptions sent in for the Lamanites. leading contributors The YOUR were AT -MERRILL & CO. LOCAL MORRISONSouth Los Angeles, 314; South Idaho DEALER LUMBER Distributors Building Material

Falls, 232; Long Beach, 212; Bountiful, 138; Las Vegas, 111; Timpanogos,

106. Lamanite subscriptions in excess of twenty percent of the total for

any stake are not counted for citation purposes. COMICS

HALL OF FAME In The Tribune For the first time in Era history the special Hall of Fame certificates wereawarded to qualifying wards and m For its instructive and wholesome cartoon branches. Seventytwo wards and features, The Salt Lake Tribune has

ninetyfour branches attained this received many appreciative letters and high goal. The stakes and missions comments. Comics that glorify what is noble

to qualify the largest number of wards in mankind—like Judge Parker, Mary Worth

and branches for the Hall of Fame and Joe Palooka, and comics of genuine recognition are: Southern States Misuniversal amusement—like Blondie, Dennis

sion, 39; South Los Angeles Stake, 12; the Menace and They'll Do It Every

New England Mission, 12; California Time, find an appreciated place in The

Mission, 10;Mission, Canadian 9; Tribune. And comics that instruct—like Stake Stake, 8; BountifulBig Horn

and Blackfoot Stake, 5 each. Lewis and Clark, The Old Glory Story,

And so another campaign becomes Tales from the Great Book and True Life history. The Era in editorial content Adventures—are in keeping with the Tribune's

as well as in subscriptions has impurpose to serve its readers with wholesome proved and grown beyond our fondest and enlightening amusement through the dreams. Its influence for good is becartoon medium. That is another reason

ing felt throughout the world. This why One of America's Great Newspapers is

magnificent record is a tribute to the thousands of loyal Era workers throughout the Church who have so devotedly given of their time and ONI OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERSmeans to make the "Every Home an

Era Home"campaign the greatest in The Tie that Binds the Intermountain West

Era history.

JULY 1955 519.

How this book has ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON changed the livesof (Continued from page 498) An angel from heaven had previ-

.. time that. cometh those who this information, ously given Nephi

are.. now,. the or the seed of those are who now millions of people declaring of the seed that a mixture numbered of the people among shall Nephi,

of the Nephites would remain forever all over America.. no more be numbered among the people of

Nephi. among the Lamanites or American

But whosoever remaineth, and is not deIndians. In speaking of the latter stroyed in that great and dreadful day, shall

be numbered among the Lamanites,... 1Q days—the days in which we live—the

1QAlma 45:1314. angel declared:

wmeone to *e Wli

Richard L. Evans

W/e have talked of sharing and of keeping confidences. Totrust—someoneday for a moment,to be safewe with.should Therelike to aretalk manyof someoneexcitingto

people, many talented and able and entertaining people, many charming and engaging people, who add interest and usefulness and color to any occasion. But beyond all this,

NORMAN VINCENT PEALES one.among Inthemanygreatestthingsblessingswe areof lifeveryis dependentto feel safe uponwith someother

THE POWER OF POSITIVE people. We don't have the knowledge or skill or ability to

THINKING has helped millions to find do some things for ourselves. And since this is so, it is a surlive fully themselves their leave—to—to blessing passing to have someone to be to trust—someone fears and indecisions behind them. Many safe with. But there real safety is no or peace or assurance thousands letters written have telling how

this book has worked to change the course with anyone without integrity, without high qualities of charof is a blessing and an obligation to see that our theirA verymotherlives writes:... "The best acter, pt

guide to daily living I have ever children are safe. Blessed is the child who can come with

had."his hurts his troubles and he to someone can trust, be and

says: businessman "Every A in enfolded loving arms, with the blessed assurance of being chapter I read presented a

source of encouragement and safe with someone. And not only is it so with children, but

seemed to have just the answer with others also. fWe likely wouldn't let an unknown, unfor."I was looking

A college student says: "It's a bonded messenger carry large amounts of money from bank

book that makes you feel like a to bank. But do we assure ourselves how safe our loved

person inside."new ones are? Would we entrust a daughter, for example, to salesman reports: "I use this A

book every day in my job. It unknown and unproved companions? Is there anything more

really pays off in dollars and priceless than virtue? Than chastity? Would we leave cents."

A woman from a small town priceless and irreplaceable things to chance? This is plain writes: "Fills a big need for me speaking—but not too plain for speaking of life and peace

family."and my and safety and happiness, and of infinitely important and Dr. Peale shows you in this book how to

find peace and happiness with your family irreplaceable things. Among the greatest blessings in life is

to friends, free of be strain and how and to safe be evil intent, without somewith someone—someone

life. in worry, succeed how to than More one wouldn't who wouldn't take advanviolate a trust, who two million people have in the read book

all editions—have seen it work in their tage of innocence or ignorance; someone who isn't planning

lives. daily prove you can in Now in his heart to cut across conventions, princito compromise

your by reading own THE OF itsPOWEReffect ples, or to deprive another person of virtue, chastity, honor, joining POSITIVE and the millifeTHINKING lions who know the results this book brings. or any priceless or irreplaceable possession. We may have

REGULAR EDITION—$2.95 all else in life, but if we can't count on character, on integrity,

LIBRARY GIFT EDITION if we haven't the sense of being safe, we have little that DELUXE POCKET EDITION—$3.95—$3.95

matters very much. O the joy, the surpassing joy of having

PRENTICEHALL, INC., Dept. T-IE55

70 Fifth Avenue someone we can turn to, someone we can trust. "O the

York York New New comfort, the inexpressible comfort, of feeling safe with a of Send copy me11, THE OF POWER by."x Vincent POSITIVE Norman THINKINGa.. person.

I 5 will either Peale. In days, price remit

plus postage, or return the book and owe nothing.

Regular $2.95 Library $3.95 Jke Spoken lA/om from temple square

Deluxe $3.95 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Name SYSTEM, MAY 1, 1955 Address Copyright, 1955 City Zone State—we(Save willmoney!pay postage.)Enclose check or money order friendship, Dinah Maria Mulock Craik.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... the Lord God will not suffer that the

Gentiles will utterly destroy the mixture of thy seed, which are among thy brethren.

Neither will he suffer that the Gentiles For over 30 years saving 15% of thy brethren the seed destroyshall or Indians].[Lamanites

on Fire Insurance In modern revelation the Lord con- m*m firmed the fulfilment of the promise made to his ancient prophets. In

speaking of the coming forth of the

Book of Mormon, he declared:

Nevertheless, my work shall go forth, for inasmuch as the knowledge of a Savior has come unto the world, through the testimony of the Jews, even so shall the knowledge of a Savior come unto my people And to the Nephites, and the Jacobites, and the Josephites, and the Zoramites, through their of fathers the testimony CUT testimony shall And this come to the NOW knowledge of the Lamanites, and the Lemuelites, and the Ishmaelites, who dwindled in unbelief because of the iniquity of their ON BETTER...fathers,

And for this very purpose are these plates ls AUTOpreserved, which contain these records—...

Certainly the Lord would not have INSURANCE made mention of the Book of Mormon record coming to the descendants Careful driving saves lives. If you are a safe

of the Nephites if there were no dedriver you can cut costs on your auto insurscendants remaining in America at the time of its publication. ance. SAFECO—member of the General of

President Wilford Woodruff acAmerica group of insurance companies—

cepted the promises of the Lord that offers you the best protection available, nasome of the seed of the Nephites tionwide 24hour claims service and the would be preserved; and he firmly

experienced personal counsel of your local believed that he found some of the direct descendants of the Nephites in agent or broker... and YOU SAVE MONEY.

New Mexico and Arizona. He spent

several months doing missionary work See or call your local agent or broker today or write us, at 49 East 1st with the Indians in that section of the country, and then, on September South, Salt Lake City, for the name of the SAFECO agent or broker near15, 1879, he wrote a letter to Presiest you. Telephone if you wish—Salt Lake City 4-7717.

dent John Taylor and the Council of the Twelve in which he stated:

In my short communication of the 2nd inst., I promised to give a fuller account of my visit to the Isletas, which I will now Save with SAFECO Auto Insurance

endeavor to do. I view my visit among the

Nephites one of the most interesting missions of my life, although short. I say

Nephites because if there are any Nephites continent on this found them we have the [Lagunas],among Zunis, Lagumas and fiiu 0uk T&mfeJe /li/tew ininif Rocwi

Isletas, for they are a different race of people altogether from the Lamanites. I class the

Navajo, Moquis, [Hopis] and Apaches with the Lamanites, although they are in advance of many Indian tribes of America. I class

the Zunis, Lagumas, and the Isletas among the Nephites (See D. & C. 3:17). 19

In addition to the famous Bonampak murals, other similar wall paintRooms for parties and meetings ings made by Indians, depicting white and dark peoples, have been disGood Food continued on following page) Reasonable Prices ]7 I Nephi 13:3031. A Treat For I

3:1619; 29:1213. 18D. 2 Nephi & C.

F. Cowley, "Matthias Wilford Woodruff (Salt Lake All The Family

City, 1916), pp. 521522.

JULY 1955 521 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOR OF MORMON whitefor example,people livedin approximatelyin ancient America;1600

(Continued from preceding page) occurred in the days of their Nephite A.D., Ixtlilxochitl, an Indian of a

covered; for example, a mural was and Lamanite ancestors, since the royal family who lived near the city

painted on the walls of a temple at Book of Mormon gives evidence of the of Mexico, wrote a history of his pro22 This Indian prince, mainChichen Itza, Yucatan—according to former (white people) being in bondgenitors.

archaeologists, painted approximately age to the latter (darkcolored) peotaining that his ancestors were white 21 It matters little which it may people, claimed that they came to1000 A.D.—which illustration shows ple.

white people in bondage to a darkbe, since either constitutes valid Book Mexico in three different migrations skinned race. 20 This mural could be of Mormon evidence. from beyond the sea. He said that the

a representation of a historical event.. were of those of the In addition to the murals depicting first group ".

at Chichen Itza or it may refer back white and darkcolored peoples, condivision of Babylon,"and that they to an ancient historical event which.. the very siderable documentary evidence has came to America from ".

the high tower,"doubt meaning no S. Civilization the Eric 2?Dr. Thompson, of The that maintains preserved which been 23 111., erection the dates p. 20, 1953),Mayas claim similar Babel. of Tower A Dr. to 987, Itza 968 and from A.D.of New (Chicago,J.Chichen

24 170178; 2324, 2'Mosiah, Chapters 1922, cit., pp. states Itza 81, pp. that was Chichen p. op.Morley, of the Mormon. Book by is made 178182. cover.) front in (See A.D. 968rcoccupied

He also stated that two other groups of people crossed the sea and settled in the Western Hemisphere. 25 This

claim is also in harmony with one made by the Book of Mormon regarding the Nephites and Mulekites. 26

Not only does Ixtlilxochitl claim that the ancestors of the Indians were white people, but he also maintains that throughout the entire period following the last great war which, in agreement with the Book of Mormon, took place during the latter part of the fourth century, 27 white descendants of these ancient peoples continued to live in the valley of Mexico and in Yucatan until the coming of

Columbus and the Spanish conquest; 28 for example, we read in the

Works of Ixtlilxochitl about a tenthcentury king or nobleman, named Topiltzin (Kukulcan), sometimes called

Quetzalcoatl because he was a priest or worshiper of the ancient white god.

He was a white man with a long flowing beard, who lived in the valley Finest gasoline, motor oil, 20 of Mexico.

Enemy peoples defeated him in batcountry. the from tle and forced him

his associates fuel oil and other Topiltzin Toltec and went to Yucatan. These newcomers

united with the under Mayas and, petroleum products in 46 years. the leadership of Topiltzin, built the

New Mayan Empire. The principal

cities that this bearded white man from Mexico is said to have built were You expect more from New Chichen Itza and Mayapan. 30

. The principal temple erected at

.. and get it! Utoco * Chichen Itza was named Kukulcan in

--The Works of Ixtlilxochitl, cited in Milton R.

Hunter and Thomas Stuart Ferguson, Ancient America and the Book of Mormon (Oakland, Calif., 1950),

pp. 1-450.

Ibid., pp. 2425.

Ether 1:1-43.

2025Hunter1 NephiandchaptersFerguson,1-18;op. Omnicit., pp.1:1516;55ff.; He.pp. 121ff.6:10;

8:21.Mormon chapters 3-6, pp. 463471; Hunter and

Ferguson, op. cit., pp. 347365.

Ibid.,wlbid., pp.p. 382.390395.

30Alfred M. Tozzer, Landa's Relacion de las Cosas

de Yucatan (1941 ed.), pp. 2026; Gaspar Antonio

Chi, cited in M. Wells Jakeman, The Origin and

History of the Mayas (Salt Lake City, 1945), pp. 9596.

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA honor of this tenthcentury builder child on a hill. It was very white and blond Lamanites; and yet it is probable

.. forth that time beautiful from and and of large numbers the (judging from Itza. His ruler ofand white Chichen

child a that wherever there was law. was a of anparts in various peoples whitelikeness the doorcarved one of was on blond, that very white and born when was

jambs of the temple, a photograph it was five years of age it was right away cient America following the close of that history) sacrificed. a conThis law It lasted until the coming Book takesof of Mormon here. which is reproduced

of the Spaniards. last survived the siderable number this at glance a casual more thanno

bearded, white Kukulcan to convince great war. There is much evidence

one that it is not the portrayal of a From the evidence that has been in the Book of Mormon, as has been beardless Indian, but certainly the presented, it is clearly shown that presented, that such would be the representation of a white man. Obsome of the Nephites escaped death case. Thus the writer maintains that

serve the profile line of this nose and at the close of Book of Mormon histhe ancient Nephites are at least parthe heavy growth of his beard. The tory. Since the information is not tially accountable for the white peofeathers of the quetzal bird protrude available, it is impossible to state defiples who inhabited America between

gracefully from his headdress, indinitely the exact number of Nephites the dates of 421 A.D. and the discating that he was a priest of the who denied Christ and joined the covery of America in 1492 A.D.

"Bearded White God"or Jesus Christ, S2Ibid., p. 382. (To he continued)

symbolized by the quetzal.

Not only do we have the likeness of this bearded white person carved in stone, but we also have the definite claim made by Ixtlilxochitl that the

Toltec kings, including Topiltzin, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYwere white and bearded. To quote:

"These kings were high of stature, and white, and bearded like the Prepares YOU 31Spaniards, For Tomorrow's Tasks Jkroucili—

TEACHING

A large staff of distinguished faculty provides instruction of the highest calibre in 47 departments of five colleges, and the Graduate School, School of Nursing, Division of Religion and ROTC.

RESEARCH

Graduate research in all of the departments is available through the Graduate

School, and BYU is conducting vital studies of importance to science, schools,

The bearded Mayan warrior killing a capbusiness, church, and nation.

tive. Under surface of west door lintel,

"Temple of Painted Walls,"Bonampak,

Mexico.

Documentary evidence indicates

still reof strains that white blood SERVICES of the peoples Toltec in themained unexcelled in its BYU is valley of Mexico during the tenth services to students, such century A.D. The white blood was as housing, counseling,

apparently gradually diluted as years health,tural programs,entertainment,and opporcul- passed until the arrival of the Eurotunities to participate in peans in the sixteenth century. Ixtlmusic, drama, social, and

ilxochitl, in delineating the events of religious activities.

the tenth century, states that

... during the first days they found a

FOR INFORMATION WRITE THE REGISTRAR, PROVO, UTAH slIxtlllxochitl, cited in Hunter and Ferguson, op. cit.,

p. 240.

JULY 1955 523 S10RY OF MARTIN HARRIS (Continued from page 507) typical example of the impressions

One of the prominent Church leadthat Martin's numerous visitors reers who visited Martin Harris two ceived. Brother Nibley found "a little,

years before the witness died at Clarkold man, shriveled and dried up in apston, Utah, was Charles W. Nibley, pearance, but when he spoke, his

later the Presiding Bishop and then hearers were thrilled with earnestness a member of the First Presidency and the fiery, animated tone of his whose report of the incident, as related voice, the bright, keen expression in to me by his son Preston Nibley, is a his eyes, but withal a deep humility

LDS RECORD ALBUMS ML4789 1-12"Long Play Record $5.95

/THE1—OMORMONMy Father;TABERNACLECome, ComeCHOIR,Ye Saints;Vol.

Abide With Me; Guide Us, O Thou

Great Jehovah; Praise to the Lord; Lyn iKeiulvia on cJLawS avid c?Lock$ OFaithWorshipof OurtheFathers;King; ATheMightyLord'sFortress;Prayer;

O God, Our Help in Ages Past; Now

Thank We All Our God; Lift Thine Eyes. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR, VolRichard L. Evans

ume II—Let the Mountains Shout for

Joy; Now the Day is Over; Jesu, Work

of Incarnate; Hail Bright Abode God is the I Vn this question again of being safe with someone: After all Achieved from "Tannhauser;"

Creation;"Glorious from "The Work the Siother considerations are taken into account and given Supplication; Out of Hear My

Arise! lence; Rise Up! from

Hallelujah Chorus from "Mount"St. Paul;"of their proper appraisal, we had just as well, first and always,

Olives."face this fact: that the only things we can count on ultiRC-5303

33V3 mately are honesty, integrity, and high qualities of character.

Record 1—Long Play

from the BOOK OF There is no such thing as being permanently safe simply ORATORIO

MORMON $5.72 with laws or with locks. No lock was ever made that gives LeRoy J. Robertson with Maurice AbraBy

University of Utah conducting vanel Orfull and lasting protection against a cunning and determined Choruses Symphony and the Utah chestra. of brains that can make kind the same recdishonesty—because Conventional 78 rpm FACES WEST, ALL safe lock. socalled a The outsmart a socalled safe lock can records ord $4.95 of 3-12"album

Prayer Includes Come, Ye Saints; Come Birds; same kind of brains that can make a code can break a code. Fly Journey; Lower, for a Safe

Fluttering Place; This is The The of a The same kind of mind that can devise a socalled "foolShall The Desert Wings; Then Thousand

Blossom As the Rose—Sung by IGOR proof"system, can, if determined to do so, outsmart a

and Chorus. GORIN

as above on one longplay 33'3 "foolproof"system. Laws and locks retard dishonest people, Same

record $3.95 but they don't stop dishonesty. Only honesty can stop disof character. integrity, PRICES30c only TO high qualities And ABOVE POSTAGE ADD for honesty—only for LP, Single 78 50c rpm Record else's hands, ourselves in someone to put prices In above whenever we have Utah Album. add regular2% to

for state sales tax.

MUSIC DAYNES COMPANY as we often do, whenever we have to trust people in any ocSalt 4547 Lake City I, Utah South Main, relationship in in life, we cupation, in any any profession, records Please I have send me the talent, beyond personality, skill, beyond look checked should beyond above.

Name beyond appearance, beyond ability—beyond all these (but

Address including them also if we can) we should look for qualities

State City is if character, there can't count on character. of we And

( ) C.O.D. ( ) Cash ( ) Charge

to on. has reason count little that can very man No we

FIRST OF ALL—RELIABILITY sleep very well if his whole trust is placed in locks and

alarms, for people have proved repeatedly, with boldness 'aijnes Music and craftiness and cunning, that they can invade the most safely guarded precincts; that they can perpetrate multicircum- that they can the public; dollar frauds million upon

5aftaiteC/fy BIYD.,06DEN regulations. audits145TlflltlMIIHIHIIIradSZNORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VOV226O WASHINGTON systems, and and rules vent accounting

And with more laws and locks than we have ever had be- n'ffi fore, and with more men checking on other men, there is more and ever more violation of laws and of locks. Too

often, in too many places, too many of us have too much put our trust in mere physical factors, in the arm of flesh, and have too much forgotten the inner makeup of the man.

But when we have found someone with high qualities of character, someone without evil intent, someone who knows

Vourtesy goes beyond honorablethe differenceand betweenwhat isn't,whatweis havehis andfoundwhata possessionisn't, whatbeis dependability"yond price—for one of the greatest blessings of life is someBUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM one to trust, someone to be safe with.

Jne Spokenyp vvord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING ourtesy 15, 1955 Copyright, 1955 DODGE PLYMOUTH SYSTEM, MAY 1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

524 TE IMPROVEMENT!RA

.

when he repeated his unwavering THMIi'MtllfHI IWMiTUnng testimony. 'I saw the angel, I saw the The Best Way toplates. I heard the voice of God declare that the plates were revealed by Start Saving..

they were and thatthe power of God of and and Continue God,translated the power by

I henceforth was commanded to bear Savingwitness and heard.'of what I saw

Early in July 1875, nearly five years after he had come to Utah, Martin

Harris was stricken with a kind of BOOKparalysis. It was the venerable witness's last illness. A few hours before his death, when MONEY

prostrated with great weakness, Martin Harris was visited by his wardbishop, Bishop Simon Smith of ClarkBANK ston Ward. Martin stretched forth

said, to salutehis and hands him CONVENIENT going."words In the"Bishop, I amof his son, Martin Harris, Jr., "The COMPACT

bishop told Father that he had someAnd It's the Easy Waything of importance to tell him in reSave A Little Every Day!lation to the publication of the Book

of Mormon in the Spanish language by the request of the Indians in Central America. Upon hearing this, ZION'S SAVINGS gANKFather brightened up, and his pulsation improved, and although very

weak, he began to talk as he had Trust CompanyPRESIDENTformerly before his sickness, and I & DAVID O. McKAY,

think he spoke about two hours, so South Temple & Mam. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

that you may see by this that the mere mention of the Book of Mormon put new life into him."fi

Elder William Harrison Homer, Sr.,

has written concerning this time: in dinettes...

"At that time I and my family lived chrome with black accentsin Clarkston. With other members

of the Clarkston Ward, I called at the Harris home to relieve them in the care of the old man. We began

to think that he had borne his last testimony. The last audible words

he had spoken had been something about the Book of Mormon, but we could not understand what it was.

However, these were not his last words. "The next day—July 10, 1875

ning—milkingmarked the end.time—andIt was Martinin the Hareve-

ris, Jr., and his wife Nancy Homer

Harris, had gone out to milk and do #637 WIREBACK CHAIR the evening chores. In the house

with the stricken man were left my mother, Eliza Williamson Homer, and Graceful, tapered legs...

myself, who had had so interesting a stunning black accents... truly modern

day with Martin Harris in Kirtland. in every breathtaking way. Exciting

I stood by the bedside, holding the Galaxypattern Micalite tops and vinyl upholstery!

patient's right hand, and my mother If you have admired the practicality of chrome and was at the foot of the bed. Martin SPACESAVING #312 DROPLEAF TABLE insist on the ultimate in furniture smartness,

had been unconscious for a number OPENSWITH #636TO UPHOLSTEREDBACK35"X53". SHOWNCHAIRS.OPEN these fresh, new sets will delight you!

of days. When we first entered the VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. Los Angeles 45, California Send 10<t for informative

(Concluded on following page) booklet on style trends, furniture arrangement,table settings, etc. Ask for booklet "I"

journal History, July 10, 1870. ETERNAL VIGILANCE TS THE PRICE OF LIBERTY"... DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES!

JULY 1955 525 Story of Martin Harris

(Concluded from preceding page) room, the old gentleman appeared to be sleeping. He soon awoke and

new.'r asked for a drink of water. I put my

arm under the old gentleman, raised him, and my mother held the glass to his lips. drank then freely and He electric mirromatic looked recognized and at me me. He

said, 'I know you. You are my

friend.'said, 'Yes, I did He see the pressure cooker the plates on which Book of Mormon

was written: I did see the angel; I did

hear the voice of God; and I do know

that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of

God, holding the keys of the Holy

Priesthood.'

"This was the end. Martin Harris,

divinely chosen witness of the work of

God, relaxed, gave up my hand. He

lay back on his pillow, and just as the sun went down behind the Clarkston mountains, the spirit of Martin Harris passed on. When Martin Harris, Jr.,

and wife returned to the house, they found that their father had passed away. But in passing, Martin Harris,

favored of God, repeated an irrefutable testimony of the divine inspiration and prophetic genius of the great

Prophet, Joseph Smith."7

It fries, boils, stews, braises Friends came from far and wide to and steams as well as pressure attend the services for their old friend, cooks. Ideal for canning. Autothe witness of the Book of Mormon.

matically controlled heat. 120 And when he was buried, they placed

a copy of the Book of Mormon in his volt, 1500 watts, A.C. Tray,

right hand, and copy of the Doctrine cord, direction and recipe book and Covenants in his left hand.

Included. 4-qt size. Listed

The Improvement Era, op. cit. (March 1926) XXIX: by Underwriters, 472

(The end)

Edna's Misapprehension

(Continued from page 501) Edna smiled sadly and fought hard with the lump in her throat. I must

get out! I must get out! The people

Order by Mail seemed to be closing around her,

Exclusive, selective prestightly and mockingly. Late memMail orders to:

MARGOT MANNERS, ZCMI sure control automatically bers pushed closer together. Right

Salt Lake City 10, Utah prevents pressure from goafter this song, she consoled herself.

I should have Please send /quam) MirroMatic Electric ing higher than recipe reAny excuse will do.

Pressure Pans to: stayed home. She thought of the long

quires—5, 10 or 15 lbs. Name week she had fought, trying to conAddress vince herself that there was a good

ZCMI HOUSEWARES reason for not being included with City Zone State

Cash D Charge Q C.O.D. Q Downstairs Store, the ones that were called.

Include 1.00 postage. Utah residents add 2% It had been Saturday morning, and

State tax. Shipped anywhere in United States Edna was making the usual rounds

with the vacuum cleaner. She slipped

the switch off, and a quiet hush fell over the room. She just remembered.

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Perhaps they hadn't notified anyone, yet. She let the vacuum slide to the

floor and hurried toward the telephone. "Has Dorothy what?"Mae BenPOWER UP

ton's shrill voice echoed over the phone. POWER-X

"Just called this morning to see,"she hesitated, "to see if anyone has said anything to Dorothy about singing in the choir?"

"Oh, yes. I believe it was right

after church. The bishop talked to

her. He said that he would like to

have her sing in the choir. She seems

to like the idea, too. Must be a lot

of other young people have been asked, also!"

"That's nice! Very nice!"Edna

tried to hide her disappointment. She

hung up the phone. They wanted PowerPrimed

young material. She could not compete with that. She lingered by the

mirror in the hall and quickly pinned with Rocket Fuel a lock of gray hair back into the bun at the nape of her neck. If Peter New Nigh in Odane. New Rocket Geteway

were only here, he would understand! New Sif/bet Power. New Nigh Jh Mileage

Edna suddenly came back to reality. Rustproof.. &a//-pfoof

The opening song was completed. A

shuffle rustled over the audience.

Someone coughed. A baby cried. A

young mother hurried out the door with a small child. Brother Myers

was looking at Edna. Add power you can

"I must leave,"she whispered to feelExtrabyDutyalsoMotorusingOilSinclair

Mae Benton. More people crowded

in beside her. Brother Myers was

talking to the bishop. The bishop

..nodded. Brother Myers edged over Ask your Sinclair Dealer for the New Premium Gasoline

to the speakers'stand.

"Last Sunday, we began our revision of the choir. Sounded excellent.But, before the special numbers, we SINCLAIR

would like to have all the choir memKelshaw—bers that came in late, join us. Sister Edna looked startled and autoPOWER-X

matically stood up. The horrible

cramped feeling began to leave her, as she made her way quietly up to the front. "We're trying to improve this choir,"Brother Myers whispered teasingly. "We've been calling new

members, but maybe, we'd better start calling all the old ones, so they won't drop out."Edna's eyes sparkled. Someone

handed her a green hymnbook and whispered the page. "I just misunderevaporatedstood,"she returned to Brother Myers, SSI

who nodded approvingly as she slidinto the alto section. %

JULY 1955 527 Priesthood should be recommended by

Receiving the Melchizedek Priesthood the bishop to the stake presidency on the forms provided.

After a member of the bishopric

Worthiness, a Prerequisite to for the priesthood, as well as those has thoroughly interviewed the candiOrdination who hold it, are under the requiredate and found him to be worthy, the

First—Worthiness, A Prerequisite possessment toandkeepexercisethemselvesthe powerfully offit theto formment "Recommendationfrom the Aaronic forto Advancethe MelIt was stated on the "Melchizedek priesthood. chizedekin properly,Priesthood"signed, andshouldgivenbe tofilledthe

Priesthood page"of the last issue of

The Improvement Era (June 1955)—Candidates for Ordination to be stake presidency.

and reaffirmed here—that no person Interviewed Second—Stake Presidency's Interviews

should be ordained to the MelchizeFirst—Bishopric's Interviews Upon request of the stake presidek Priesthood unless he is worthy of

that great blessing as is evidenced by Before a bishop recommends an dency, the candidate for ordination a life that is in full accord with the Aaronic Priesthood holder (either a will be notified by the bishop to meet principles of the gospel and the docyoung man or a member of the Senwith and be interviewed by the stake trines of the Church. Unworthiness ior Aaronic group) to the stake presipresident or one of his counselors.

fill in the quesdisqualifies brethren from receiving dency for advancement from the He will be requested to the blessings attending upon ordinaAaronic to the Melchizedek Priesttions on the back of the form "Recomtion in the priesthood, and it would hood, a member of the bishopric mendation for Ordination in the Melbe of little value to ordain those who should interview the candidate indichizedek Priesthood"and sign his is interviewed priare not worthy. The Lord has devidually and alone to determine his name. Then he

clared: worthiness for the Melchizedek Priestvately.

hood. The bishop should understand For what doth it profit a man if a gift that these private interviews supply Third—Bishop's Endorsement

is bestowed upon him, and he receive not marvelous teaching opportunities. The endorsement of the bishop of

gift?the rejoices Behold, that not in he

is given neither rejoiceswhich him, in him the ward in which the candidate is awho is the giver of the gift.1 Second—Stake Presidency's Interviews member of record is then obtained.

Any brother being considered for The bishop also signs the recommend

Second—Obedience to God's Comordination to an office in the Melas the president of the priest quorum

mandments chizedek Priesthood is to be interto which the candidate still belongs.

individually alone and by Boys of viewed and men in the Church a Fourth—High Council's Approval as of the stake presidency member an ChristJesus Saints of Latterday

should make themselves worthy to reaid in determining his qualifications The stake president next receives ceive the holy Melchizedek Priesthood and worthiness for the receipt of the the approval of his high council for by keeping all of God's commandpriesthood or for the office involved. the bestowal of the Melchizedek

ments. In the revelation on "the oath Before approving a brother for orPriesthood on the candidate.

and covenant which belongeth to the dination, the stake presidency is to

Vote of the Churchpriesthood,"the Lord declared: assure itself that he meets or agrees Fifth—Sustaining

to meet, the standards of personal Then, in compliance with the reveAnd I now give unto you a commandrighteousness listed under the headlation on Church government, the ment... to give diligent heed to the words ing "statement to be filled in by the candidate's name is presented at a

of eternal life. person to be ordained,"found on the stake priesthood meeting for "... the

live shall For you that s by every word for of the proback "Recommendation [sustaining] In church."vote of that 2 forthceedeth the from of God. mouth Ordination Priesthood."If the in the case of an emergency, the the name of

Candidates for ordination must brother fails to qualify, he should individual under consideration for acknowledge the existence and overprove himself through a probationary, ordination may be presented to one of shadowing power of our Father in period before the recommendation is the general sessions of the stake quarheaven. They should love him to processed further, and before the terly conference; however, the priestsuch a degree that they yield themordination is performed. hood leadership meeting does not

selves to him and his will with all qualify for this purpose.

of their hearts, might, mind, and Melchizedek Priesthood Ordination Brethren should be encouraged to strength. They should love him so Procedures be present at the stake priesthood

strongly that they fear to offend by meeting or at the stake quarterly conRecommendations ference when their names are predisobeying his will. All candidates First—Bishopric's

Brethren proposed for advancement sented; and it is advised that they

!D. & C. 84:4344. 'Ibid., 88:33. from the Aaronic to the Melchizedek Hhid., 20:65.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

be asked to stand when their names are to be accepted by the proper quo- I now say to the brethren holding the priests, the seventies, high priesthood—the the unless quorum, as members are presented. rum

lesser the elders, and the priesthood—magor for cause, votes to withhold scriptures; the read study withnify your callings;

Performing the Ordination draw the hand of fellowship. If this the 107th Section of the Doctrine and Coveis done, a report of such action should nants on priesthood; learn that revelation,

Ordaining Brethren Elders, Seventies, be sent to the bishop of the ward in which was given to the Prophet Joseph or High Priests which the member resides so the bishtrine,Smith, andandyoulivewillby gainhis preceptspower andandintellidoc-

Ordinations of brethren as elders op may take further action in the gence to straighten out any kinks that have and high priests may be attended to case. heretofore existed in your minds, and to

uncertainties in doubts and up many by members of the stake presidency clear to the rights relation of the priesthood. God

or under their direction. Others who Qualifications of Melchizedek gave that word to us. It is in force today

are qualified and worthy to perform Priesthood Holders in the Church in the world, and it contains these ordinations, such as high couninstructions to the priesthood and the people in relation to their duties, which every cilors, priests'president, high or First—Every Man to Learn his Duty elder should know.6

of fathers the candidates, may be authorized by the stake presidency to The Lord has commanded each a Necessary Qualperform the ordinations. man who receives the holy MelchizeSecond—Initiative,

to ity dispensation this in Priesthood dek office to the of the Ordination it the to act in sevclear in his then Lord has made learn duty and The of will be members done seventy by all in is priesteral expects revelations appointed that office he he in which of Seventy, First the Council by the to possess holders be qualishould diligence. a marked hood A person

of of the Twelve the quorum members goes that service of initiative. the fied to perform amount To quote: to the Assistants or Apostles, by Following office involved. the with

Twelve. are the words of the Lord: For behold, it is not meet that I should

The initiative in processing brethcommand in all things; for he that is comren for ordination as seventies and Wherefore, now let every man learn his pelled in all things, thesame is a slothful

high priests rests with the stake duty, and to act in the office in which he and not a wise servant; wherefore he receiveth reward. no all diligence. is in appointed, presidency. say, Verily I anxiously should be men is slothful shall not be counted that He

in cause, engaged a good and do many... learns he that and to stand, Ordained brethren should receive worthy

certificates of ordination. In the case not his duty and shows himself not apthings of their own free will, and bring to

righteousness; much be will certificates shall not be counted worthy to pass proved these seventies, of

4 For they is in them, the power wherein stand. of the First Council sent out by the are agents unto themselves. inasmuch And

Seventy. According to this revelation, every theiras menreward.do good they shall in no wise lose

Melchizereceives the holy man who he that But not doeth until anything he or SevenElders Second—Ordaining

is obligais moral Priesthood reeeiveth under commanded, and a commandBishoprics or on dek ties to Serve in with it heart, doubtful ment and keepeth direct from tion commandment and 7 Councils High slothfulness, with is the same damned. induties to the learn the heavens

are or seventies elders office his in When chosen volved and calling. Third—Devotion to the Lord's Cause or as members bishoprics serve in to to learn the responsibility Elders are

receive the Melchizedek who Men proestablished the councils, of high elders as rests and them upon which strong a Priesthood deshould have as high ordination for the cedure diligently. their appointments magnify

of to votion the the gospel cause and If the followed. priest should be that learn quickly to are Seventies Church of Jesus Christ. Candidates General Authority appointed to orthey are "... especial witnesses unto

for priesthood priesthood the and set to or them bishops dain them all in the Gentiles the world—and

familiarize holders themselves should 5."council or bishopric high to the apart.. to render obligated thereby and principles, ordinances, the with and priests, as is high also to ordain them in services missionary outstanding

short, of organization the In Church. recommendation regular the then in foreign the stakes in the and work their to of best the learn should they preshould be fully completed, form, dilifields. to priests study are High

to ability plan the gospel understand it is possible If not to him. sented assigntheir gently appointments and

receive of salvation. the can man No approved ordinations these to have to lives their fully apply ments and

full except of benefits priesthood the meeting, priesthood stake regular at a of Lord. the the work before himself and he humble God for a presented be the names may let should holder priesthood No the give glory and Father the unto of session general at a vote sustaining igin remains slide he while days by blessings all for that the the he Son conference. stake quarterly regular a calloffice his regarding and norance all of the receives knowledge the and

gospel he attains. which Fellowshiping Priesthood Holders procrastinationing. God will withnot lookfavor.uponIn thatthe holders of the holy who are Men

of President Joseph F. Smith: words

205206. ojoseph Doctrine, pp. of the Melchizedek All holders 'D. & C.F. 58:2629.Smith, Gospel 107:99100. mid., area Priesthood in a quorum who live 107:25. (Concluded 538) sIhid., on page

JULY 1955 529 ThePresiding

AWARD RECORDS

Applications for Aaronic PriestPunctuality is Essential in Aaronic Priesthood Program uaryhood1 throughawards Mayreceivedhavefromsent Janour totals far beyond any previous recarc delighted with this inPromptness in keeping appointments, the full meeting time. It is the responsiord. We

A attending meetings, performing prombility of the quorum presidency to labor dication of the acceptance and ises, is one of the cardinal virtues in the with their quorum members in helping strength of our program.

for thisbest of men and is basic in the developthem overcome these unbecoming habits. We supply the records

last for indicate to year year and of character.ment is person not A who Last, least, but not these how can progress into being the made. Take will rarely,punctual if ever, be found matters escape attention of the the bishop consideration for the changes age the socialon or same level business with his counselors as the and of presidency in Priestthe Aaronic advancementthose are habitually who prompt. if the atPriesthood, Aaronic they are the studying comparihood when Extended observations disclose that their tending Aaronic Priesthood quosons.

many of our Aaronic Priesthood bearers rum meetings each week as recomhave some sharp corners to turn in the mended by the First Presidency and the This Year's Record to Date matter of punctuality—punctuality in Presiding Bishopric? Stake Awards 20

attendance at meetings. The corners Here is a feature in our program Ward Awards 595

have developed because many of our which needs attention in perhaps every 100% Seals 2,950

Priesthood Pins.. Aaronic 6,456traffic advisers) patrolmen (quorum in the ward project Church. Here is a

Priests,.. 6,930have not been standing cross- "at the for stake bishoprics, committees, quorum

roads"giving needed training. presidencies, and quorum advisers. Teachers 7,023

9,325 Deacons is there possibility the Then that some accept Will the challenge you to diagIndividual Total it find toyoung quite convenient men nose quickly this "malady"your among Awards 23,278"step inside"the or sacrament quorum Aaronic Priesthood bearers set about andmeeting just long enough to get credit to correct the "disease"of indifference toLast Year's Record—Total

toward their Individual Aaronic Priestward punctuality? Treat each "patient"Stake Awards 12

hood Awards. gently, but treat him! Ward Awards 364

1,711 100% Seals requireThere is more to the award Let Aaronic leaders Priesthood be sure Priests. 3,305 atments concerning attendance their priestthat punctuality example in own

hood and sacrament meetings than that at all meetings is given such careful atTeachers 5,065 a young man shall be present for a few tention that the remainder of the "treatDeacons 9,775 minutes "sometime during the meetings"ment"may be easier for our boys to Total Individual just to get credit on the roll. The retake and infinitely more effective. Awards 18,145

quired attendance is based on the premise that a boy will be present durfull theing of the respective meettime ELDER ELBERT R. CURTIS ADDRESSES AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEETing. course, occasionally, are there Of

legitimate excuses for tardiness or leavElder Elbert R. Curtis, general superintendent of YMMIA, addressed Aaronic Priesting before the meeting is ended. Howhood members and their leaders in the North Ogden First Ward, Ben Lomond (Utah)

ever, "excuses"cease to be legitimate the AaronicStake, duringPriesthoodan awardbearers,banquet.twelveFiftyfiveto twentyone,young men,qualifiedout offora thetotalindividualenrolment award.of seventy

moment they become "alibis."Included in the photograph, in addition to Elder Curtis and the young men, are Stake

It is the responsibility of the quorum President Heber Jay Heiner, Jr., with his counselors Reuben George Rhees and Karl S.

adviser to know why his boys are not Storey;Farr Campbell;Bishop Grantthe stakeLorenzoAaronicAlder Priesthoodwith his counselors,committee;HansandEugeneward NielsenAaronic andPriesthoodArthur

punctual, why they do not remain for leaders.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

of us factors that the big of some fine charforget building in Youth Speaks whoa definitehave purposeclean habits,in life,highwe ideals,strengthenand so Oneoften a

Address by David K. Benson, a priest our character. On the other hand, if acter, is that of helping others. We can

choose as we our this constant real in of success feel the joy never friends boys in the Santa Ana Ward, Orange County and are girls who weak of of character, been part has life unless time our who (California) Stake.

drift aimlessly through life with no spent unselfishly helping others. One

is: 'TVhe building of character is one thing purpose but a good time, it is bound to of my grandfather's favorite sayings

-*- every person must do for himself. leave the same scar on our character as "He who plants himself in the hearts

Our parents, friends, and associates help adding poor lumber or faulty bricks to of people never dies."

us to pattern our lives, but they cannot the walls of our home.

do the building for us. Neither can we

build for them.

Building character is like building a Priesthood Socials Not home, the finished product depends on Responsibility of YMMIA the foundation is we that build upon;

where our parents play the biggest part. is not the responsibility of the

guide They direct and in us right the to direct either or promote It YMMIA life. of way High standards of living

social recreational the of and program are set for us as and parents LDS they Aaronic Priesthood groups. or quorums teach us the of value keeping the Word

of Wisdom, the necessity of tithing, the This responsibility rests squarely on our satisfaction and comfort that comes with stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood prayer, and the success of work. leaders.

grow, As we we build on this foundaThere are many occasions when our tion. friends The are like we choose

leaders in very helpful be can YMMIA the carpenters building the house—we their special assisting us talents in with furnish the material, they and help us

put it together. Our character depends recreational programs both indoors and

a great deal upon the kind of -friends in the great outof-doors. But when

and associates we choose. We must they are invited to give us the advantages

choose them as carefully as we would of their training and their assistance, it choose the carpenters to build our home, does not mean that they are to be asked and our actions must be guarded as to assume either the supervision or the cautiously as the material that goes into direction of such Aaronic Priesthood that home. By associating with people activities. David K. Benson

These instructions are not given because of any feeling that the YMMIA

CHALLENGING RECORDS SET BY AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS is assuming our Aaronic Priesthood reArthur Jenkins has coinpleted seven years of perfect attendance at priesthood and sponsibilities in this matter. They are

sacrament meetings in the Newton Ward, Smithfield (Utah) Stake. given to avoid any error on the part of

Evans, Emmett Preston Sixth Ward, Franklin (Idaho) Stake and VanVleet; Raymond our Aaronic Priesthood leaders in thinkGrace Second Ward, Bannock (Idaho) Stake, have each maintained a one hundred percent ing that our social and fraternal attendance program record for four years.

Eugene Hughes, Hawthorne Ward, Reno (Nevada) Stake, has earned seven individual is, in any way, the responsibility of the

Aaronic Priesthood with Awards four one hundred percent seals. Huffman, John same YMMIA.

ward and stake, is striving for his seventh individual award and has athad a perfect tendance record for one year.

Arthur Jenkins Raymond VanVleet Emmett Evans Eugene Hughes John Huffman 1955 JULY Today'

The Clifford G. Snows

Enjoy Good Meals

"Nutritious, Balanced, and Wellcooked"

by Iris Parker

Hazel Snow

Hazel Snow's home is where family family frequently gather on the shores and friends are made welcome of Waterton Lake or in a cabin in Hazel attributes this in part to the with love, good food, and genuine Banff to enjoy several days of fun and good breakfasts they have always enhospitality. relaxation. joyed.

Besides having a sincere of love Brother Sister and their Snow and Now some excerpts from Hazel's people, Hazel selfish has a interest children their enjoy together, hobbies cookbooks:

in holding perpetual open house, "Bethe principal ones of which are music cause,"she says, "our many visitors and photography. The three youngHam and Spaghetti Casserole

have been good for our children in sters play the piano and Brother teaching courtesy, consideration, and Snow plays the violin. They have an 2 cups chopped onions

developing poise with persons outside excellent collection of symphonies 1 green pepper the immediate family."and chamber music recordings, each 1 pound ham, diced (no fat)

salt teaspoon l/2 It is second to nature to Hazel his exhaving own favorites. of pepper Dash tend the hospitality of her home. "As Each member of the family has of paprika Dash

as a child I as far back can rememtype some of camera, they enjoy and spaghetti pound l/2 ber our sort of a was home open occasional of slides showings the latest 1 small can mushrooms house. Many times we had to reset the or movies. When the youngsters 2 cups (or more) tomato juice

table to accommodate extra visitors."were smaller, and Clifford and Hazel 2 cups grated cheese

Her father was Heber S. Allen, presiwent out for the evening, they left

dent of the Taylor Stake in Alberta, them happy by having a home movie Cook spaghetti until not quite done.

Saute onions until green and pepper for thirtyfour Canada years, and before leave. to they her show had light brown. seasonings, and ham, Add mother served presias stake Primary is family active The in the Snow spaghetti, juice, mushrooms, tomato and

dent for thirtythree years. General Church. Brother Snow is a stake one cup grated cheese. Sprinkle with

Authorities, general officers, stake missionary, and the two older chilone cup grated cheese after mixture is officers, and visitors from neighbordren have been on missions. Sister placed in casserole. Bake at 300 F. for

ing Canadian stakes stayed with the Snow has worked as both a teacher 45 to 50 minutes.

Aliens when visiting in their vicinity. and executive in every organization

They also entertained educators and in the Church and is presently a memPotatoes Au Gratin lecturers, since Brother Allen was ber of the Mia Maid Committee of pounds potatoes of president of the the board Knight the general of board the YWMIA. shortening cup Vs the in Academy, school Church Raysays, Hazel are eat, what "We we pound diced green pepper lA to later sold it mond, which the so was to well. is important eat One can pimiento lA

government. thing that is traditional in her family 1 small diced onion

The Clifford G. Snows enjoy doing is a balanced, leisurely breakfast. She 3/8 cup flour

things together. The children have firmly believes that a hearty breakfast lA teaspoon salt

always gone along on vacation trips, is a forerunner to a happy day, so 3 cups milk except when the daughter and the everyone sits down to breakfast about pound medium nippy cheese missions. son were favorite on 7:15, eat well A talk and they over and Boil potatoes cool, 10 minutes and

is vacation land along Canada, and the day's plans. All of the Snows peel, and dice them. shortenHeat the

with aunts, uncles, and cousins, the enjoy exceptionally good health, and ing, add green pepper, pimiento, and

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

onion and saute until limp but not browned. Add flour, salt and milk and

cook until smooth. Grate cheese and

add half of it to sauce. Fold in potatoes and put in large casserole. Spread

other half of cheese on top. Bake in

350 oven until cheese is melted and potatoes are done. Takes about one

hour.

Cheese Sticks

Slice dayold white bread (minus crusts) into sticks YA "x 1"x 3". Brush

with very soft butter on all sides and roll in grated Parmesan cheese (comes in a can). Store in bread box until almost ready to serve. Broil in oven

quickly, turning so that all sides are nicely browned. Watch carefully all the

time. Serve at once.

Boiled Cake

Bring to good, rolling boil, then remove from heat:

1 cup raisins 1 cup sugar 1 cup water 1 teaspoon cinnamon l/2 teaspoon cloves!/2 teaspoon nutmeg

]/4 teaspoon salt Add

2 tablespoons butter Cool. Sift together and add

iy4 cups sifted flour Y4 teaspoon soda Bake in loai pan fifty minutes at 325 F.

Ice Box Puddings

2 squares bitter chocolate 2 tablespoons hot water sugar 1 cup of salt Summertime Special! Pinch

4 eggs \ l/2 cups whipping cream 3/4 pound vanilla wafers Combine chocolate, hot water, sugar, and salt and cook over hot water until Postum Milk Shake thick and smooth. Remove from heat

and beat in 4 unbeaten egg yolks, one Just think—the most refreshing treat you'll taste all summer

whites. beaten Fold in stiffly at a time. Instant Postum cream, is made from your favorite wintertime drink—the Fold in thoroughly. Cool

which has been whipped. Crush vanilla This delicious, grainrich beverage is made of whole wheat

wafers and spread onethird of the and bran—tastes as good with cold milk as it does with hot

crumbs in cake pan 8 x 12 inches. Pour water or hot milk!

in half the chocolate mixture. Sprinkle

onethird crumbs over this, then add Why not surprise your family with frosty Postum milk other half of mixture. Top with last shakes today? Just follow the quick, easy directions on the jar.

onethird of crumbs. Stand twentyfour

hours in refrigerator.

Crab Casserole

1 can crab 1 cup soft bread, broken into small Instant Postum pieces cooked eggs, diced America's favorite cereal beverage 3 hard 1 cup mayonnaise (Concluded on following page) Another fine product of General Foods

JULY 1955 533 KNOW YOUR LDS COOKS

(Concluded from preceding page) 2 cups cream, whipped l/2 cup cream, whipped 3 ]/2 cups sugar y4 teaspoon salt 1 large can evaporated milk 1 tablespoon grated onion Juice of 3 lemons

Dash garlic salt Juice of 2 oranges

Dash pepper Milk Combine all ingredients. Top with

cheese or crumbs. Bake at 350 F. 20 Mix all of the above ingredients and

GLASSor 30 minutes till top is brown. pour in sixquart freezer. Add milk to

LINED within 3 inches of top. Freeze. One

Lime Ice Cream small can crushed pineapple may be 2 cups lime punch added.

time tnbj*W

FOI1 41 YEARS) Intermountain families have enjoyed better water heating service because of Fowler! By leading the

industry in pioneering important advancements, Fowler water heaters have consistently offered more features, more value through the years.

FOP 20YEARS) glasslining...

a Fowler first... has been part and parcel of

every Fowler water heater. This durable por- "The wall on each side of the window is covered with the plaid and the ruffles tied

celain bondedto-steel inside the Fowler tank back at the sides."

has served as positive protection against tank rust and corrosion. Fowler glasslining is

your assurance of cleaner hot water and ftp 1 * '%I "Alonger service.:n6 cLlke itlis 1

mm you can count on Fowler for economical, troublefree operation. Every by Louise Price Bell

Fowler electric water heater is backed by the manufacturer's 20 -year protected service policy. HERE ARE CERTAIN things yOU every way. The dressing table could

Get all the facts about Fowler. See your \. can be sure that the young be two chests of drawers with a

dealer or write for information. | 'ladies of the family are sure to plank of the correct width fastened to

111 jjkg jn tneir room, and plaid them for a top and the lattice in the

Distributed by material is one of them. They like back section of a discarded lattice

FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. ruffles, pretty colors, lights over their fence. Or this could be omitted and

316 West 2nd South Street dressing table, and plenty of room for the dressing table lose little in atSalt Lake City, Utah all the hobbies, collections, records, tractiveness.

etc. they always have. Girls like to The lamp shades are inexpensive

have two single beds in their rooms, ones covered with material left over too, for then they can always ask a from the curtains. Isn't that interfriend to spend the night with them. esting the way the wall on each side

If you study the room shown, you'll of the window is covered with the see that there is nothing expensive plaid and the ruffles tied back at the

Fowler Manufacturing Co. 2545 S. E. Gladstone. Portland 2, Oregon in it, yet it is a typical girl's room in sides? An old piano stool makes an

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA excellent dressingtable stool, and since all the plaid used in the room is washable and inexpensive, you maywant to use some of these ideas for Enjoy this different the young lady in your home. DELICIOUS BREAD

MRS. FIXIT Rich in milk

by Ruth K. Kent Everybody knows that milk

and bread are two of the most nourishing foods.Maybeisn't aroundyour specialthe house"Mr.just Fixit"when

you need him most! What are In Table Queen Breadyou going to do? you get both—because

Mrs. Fixit, you do the job! The each pound contains

following suggestions properly applied the nonfat milk solids will solve your problem and leave you of 7 ounces of milk. Enriched

more time to enjoy your "Mr. Fixit"It's your best food buy with vitamins

when he is at home. You will need... at your grocer's. and iron

colored crayons, sealing wax, powdered pumice, sandpaper, glue, and ordinary commodities such as vinegar,iodine, and soda; and the usual kitchTABLE QUEEN BREAD

en tools such as screwdriver, hammer, Royal Baking Co. Salt Lake and Ogden

chisel, putty knife, and some brushes.

What to do about a split chair leg?

Apply a good wood glue to the cracks with a small brush. Then bore two

small holes, one from each side of the leg, and insert screws, sinking the screwheads. When the glue has

dried, cover the screwheads with plastic wood or putty and touch up with stain. Squeaky or loose joints

in chairs are a little more troublesome. First turn the piece upside

down and tighten all the screws. This

may do the trick. If not, loosen the

screws and push glue into the joints,then tighten the screws and let the INCHESchair set a few days. t If the furniture finish is so dried i JHHMI HB Ml——

out that it won't take a polish, give it a rubbing with three parts linseed oil and one part turpentine. Fill in

the scratches on furniture with wood putty stained that has been to match IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS the furniture. If the scratch is not mowioedeep, touch it up with iodine or a. FOLDING Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

walnut or pecan on dark furniture. BANQUET sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.Dilute iodine with water for maple TABLES

furniture and more water for blond

Prices Directfurniture. those white stains Rub & HALL'S REMEDY to Discounts Salt Lake City, Utah ashes with moistenedwith wood

Churches, Schools, t-vimmtr-:mm*-< >wm*- -m- >4HB. 4,nii()4water. If a chink has been knocked

and all Institutions fill it inout of furniture, melted with sealing wax, sandpaper and polish. Now for the basement. Paint the WE OFFER...

safety. sure stepbottom white for Be COMPLETE TRUCKS A storingMONROE SERVICE ENGRAVING Chairstruck Forthe wayTablesto replace split steps or broken and modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue easyeither handles

Portraits to the Largest Missionary From of storage chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport allto keep nailheads down. pounded tionin limited Truckspace. Catalogues. True* No. TS

Now that your fixing is finished, Church Units may direct their inquiries to the Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention relax with Mr. Fixit tonight, and he'll ChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City I, Utah.47 East UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

enjqf you, and at the office tomorrow T HE "WttWloe. COMPANY 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

he'll brag about his clever Mrs. Fixit. 249CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA \

JULY 1955 535.

zftmiature

by Helen D. Stanley

his best seller, Mr. Webster says You know your plants by their first

Inthat the word miniature used as names. You know soils and fertilizers.

an adjective means "being on a You are always on the lookout for

YOU GET MORE AND BETTER JAMS.. small scale,"and that a garden "is a beautiful stones. You become a

UNCOOKED MORE EASILY...THIS WAY!

... piece of ground for the cultivation of sculptor of sorts, for if you can't find THE REASON IS

these uncooked jam replants."If he had gone a little the particular figure you want, you

cipes, developed exclusively by M.C.P. JAM AND farther and combined the two words, model or carve it yourself.

doing by PECTIN, JELLY definitheir given well could he have the usual with cookaway porcan miniature gardens These boiling, eliminate ing and as, fascinating tion completely "a of the cause very situahob- tray a dramatic amusing and

! loss, loss, yield color lower and Wirhflavor for young by and old."'s recipes, actually you uncooked M.C.P. color, full tion, against of action and

less a sugar yet get and jam more gardenvery miniature words The full fruit for pint—fruituse each rocks, deof and of plants, a cupfruit, background and—

flavor intact, color are for retained and none sound. lovely, intriguing ing a have

is tailed a landscape. Mexiis such If are scarce boiled berries fresh away. or One

priced, berfrozen high use can always sheltered you gate a to a magic open They potnative in lovely scene a done can ries, glasses as as (each get and 13 much Vi

! desert. colorful forest less lb.) glass for or than a think a and of lS And warm of layer saucer. tery cup and A a to the over of comfort having not work

of in world are a gentle words They of Every stove! package M.C.P. JAM of the in the charcoal bottom crushed contains (3V2oz.) PECTIN JELLY hotAND realities, Aliceinto us turning harsh for recipes these uncomplete wonderful soil layer sweet, a to keep your cup

... recipes, too, for cooked jams complete into the stepping inWonderlands, if jellies, regular the jams and cooked you the for of coarse drainage sand and

prefer them. imagination. of fairyland our own of third soil consisting roughly one

SO COOLING..'REFRESHING... GOOD* There are few things so healing to each of leaf mould, loam, and sand

...SO QUICK AND EASY TO MAKE! a sick body or a tired mind as this abgives the proper foundation upon

LEMONWHOLESOME craft. beneficent sorbing and convenwith to dimensional three made create a ADE You which

readyto-use M.C.P. courage strength and fresh draw may

! a tiny, winding picture. make One Now JUICE.. plus sugar, LEMONient,small can itself that adjusts plant a tiny from horizon the... road narrowing toward ice water, and and.

quarts nearly 2 you've got to environment and quickly a new it of cork, strips outline with and delicious oldfashioned of fulfilling cheerfully right glass. goes along in a pennies for seconds, and lemonade to filling colored harmosand it with

... all fuss, at bother muss, There's no no no filled with are its destiny. brief.. You it the even and youngsters can make how plant Select the nize cup. with and

it is better for other than. most them much for power, do you personal of a sense! treat It's for available a to beverages them thickrather alongside road and your

family, matter. for that the whole M.C.P. like a a fling landscape together not full pure, eight JUICE seven ly in or LEMON background the

It's in rich strength, "reisVitamin it for NOT unadulterated,C cure as a person? Try mighty

... cacti of varyjuice preservaconstituted"contains succulents small no and

tives of kind, any bensuch as unwholesome (It will dioxide. zoate of soda pay a deflated ego! ing sizes, kinds, and hues. or sulphur

carefully read label the before gardening you buy started, you miniature Once juice, canned). bottled or any tolemon M.C.P. It start rule to is usually a good into is less that branch costs than homesqueezed may a hobby JUICE LEMON

it's juice because so convenient always... left, to the formtaller plants the it, with realize Before hobbies. you. instantis day, many of ready for.. anytime anyuse

in time of year ways... jelly you are an amateur horticulturist. ing a triangle more or less in your juice desirable so jam and lemon all the—wonderfulinfor dressalad cooking, bakingis making, and

sings, as a daily "tonic"in a glass of water.

Write for a FREE Recipe Folder to the M.C.P.

Kitchen Laboratory, Anaheim, California.

(And remember, there's M.C.P. FROZEN

get LEMONit for JUICE,you if youalso.askYourhim).grocer has or can A miniature Japis simgarden IF YOU COUNT YOUR* CALORIES anese

from ple to make YOU'LL WANT TO KNOW ABOUT... readily available

M.C.P. "LOW... theSUGAR"amazing items. PECTIN

new type of pectin that now enables you to make fruit desserts, jams and jellies, pie fillings, custards, etc. with less, little, or no

sugar at all! Developed exclusively by Mutual Citrus Products Co., it's

the first and only product of its kind. With

it, you can make recipes that meet the rigid sugar and starch restrictions of diabetic diets, the exacting requirements of weight control diets, or simply your taste preference for things "less sweet than usual."M.C.P.

availyet is not able "LOWin theSUGAR"stores, butPECTINmeantime if you'd...

like to have more information about this wonderful new M.C.P. product... what it is,

what it will do, and how you can get some to try... just send a postcard to the M.C.P.

Kitchen Laboratory, Anaheim, Calif., Dept. I.

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA finished garden. Place among your

plants a beautiful rock or two and perhaps a few very small pebbles in the west's the foreground. You will know exactly where a "boulder"or "mountain"

is needed to make it grow into a real landscape. a little the soil with Cover of finest natural a small sand amount and

pale pink or lavender dyed sand for shadows here and there. Dyrinting

- 'ould you like to make a ter-

W'rarium? My favorite is made in a

medium size bubble vase. This garden must have an airtight cover of by the west's

glass or you can be more imaginative and make a wooden top to fit, using a chestnut or a tiny pine cone glued The very best to the top for a handle. service and finest printers

glass to the Line about halfway workmanship glass moss, side against with green the largest Press Deseret News The—of the the the against back moss and printing house at no commercial

plants. layer of Place a thin charoffers Francisco San Denver and—between coal and small gravel on the moss. extra you fast, efficient and distinctive

Arrange the plants in rich, loose soil cost. printing service—in short, the West's

to make a veritable forest of tiny trees finest printing.

in the background. Pretty rocks

placed among the plants give character to the scene. Fill in overex-

posed soil and roots with bits of moss, keeping the soil moist but not wet. DeseretSALES OFFICENews31 RICHARDSPressSTREET - 4-258

A zigzag twig fence and a tiny woodland figure peering through give scale and exceeding charm to your garden.

If the glass clouds up at first, lift the cover for a short time, and it will clear up. It will require practically

no care. A slight sprinkling occasionally and careful polishing of the

glass should keep it lovely for a long time.

Containers are important and part of the fun. They are the frames for

your picture, so select them with an eye to harmonizing with your plants, figures, and theme.

You will need a few simple tools.

Several spoons of different sizes, a pair of tweezers six inches or so in length, a Chinese back scratcher (my most valuable tool), and other things you

DsJ will concoct yourself as you find the have your children seen need for them. This is where you

become an inventor!

To you who follow the adventure of miniature gardening, I promise many happy hours and an escape. the Goldflsh

Your own imagination and creative he's part of the fun ability will surprise and delight you. of family dinner in the

You simply cannot worry when you are making the extremely important COFFEE SHOP decision whether to place a "tree"here or a "boulder"there. Hotel Utah r

Now you are on your own! Why Max Corpenter, Manager

not start a garden today?

JULY 1955 537 TWO VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY COMPLETE PROTECTION {Continued from page 504) carp's famous phrase, after the aposIS OUR BUSINESS it will be too late: he will refuse to tles "the lights went out."

recognize them. (See Luke 13:2527.) The beautiful and muchquoted

In vain do they worship me,"(Matt. words, "I am the light of the world,"

15:9) is not a denunciation of idolare rarely given in full, since their

atry, but of those marching under the purpose is to make clear that the banner of Christ. There is a point light is not going to remain in the

of no return after which even reworld:

pentance comes too late, as Esau I must work the works of him that sent learned to his sorrow: "For ye know me, while it is day: the night cometh, when

how that afterward, when he would no man can work.

as in the long As world, I am the I am have inherited the blessing, he was 9:4-5.) world. the light of (John

rejected: for he found no chance to

Countless hazards threaten your home repent [metanoias topon, 'place of It is not the night of death referred every day. Loss from fi're, theft, and repentance'], though he sought it to here (the scripture knows no such

safe—Be can happen to you! storm

carefully with tears."(Hcb. 12:17.) expression), but a night that keeps friendly to review Kolob Agent ask your

your present policies for dangerous He wants to repent sincerely and men from doing a particular kind of costly loopholes overlapping. and Let makes every effort to be reinstated in work—"the works of him that sent to him show you how receive maximum

protection for minimum premium cost. his inheritance, but it is too late; he me,"the Father's work, the work of

Don't wait, get in touch with your Kolob is "rejected"even as those will be the church. What follows the Lord's

Agent today! rejected who cry "Lord! Lord!"and mission is not victory but darkness:

Agents 300 Kolob Over in the darkness; Christ. of light shincth to the kingdom throughout try get into "The

Utah, Idaho, Montana and Nevada.

it is comprehendeth darkness the 7:21.) comand Matt. The time (See

ing when vast numbers shall claim not."(Ibid., 1:5.)

Christ for their own, and when that... Yet a little while is the light with

time comes, "... if any man shall say you. Walk while ye have the light, lest

unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; darkness come upon you:

FRANK SALISBURY, Pres. believe it not."(Ibid., 24:23. Italics... While ye have light, believe in the

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City author's.) And that time is not far light,... (Ibid., 12:3536.)

off: "... the time draweth near "And this is the condemnation [lit-

[when many shall come in my name] erally, 'the process of judgment'], that... go ye not therefore after them."light is come into the world, and men

(Luke 21:8.) It is true, the real loved darkness rather than light, beis going to be there for a time, cause their deeds were evil."(Ibid., A Beauty Career church

MEANS AN but the story is one of constantly 3:19.)

independent income deepening gloom until, to use Poly- (To be continued

FOR MEN OR WOMEN G. I. Approved Course

MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

FOR JUNE CLASSES—Scholarships Available—(Concluded from page 529) revelation to the Latterday Saints,

board and room Can arrange and promises commandments God's charged are Priesthood Melchizedek in missionary home as follows: are given life and are of eternal the words with

unto the to give them commissioned CAREL'S BEAUTY SCHOOL full of charity also be bowels Let thy continually strive They should Salt Lake City, Utah world. 1061 E. 21st South of to the all household men, and towards

Phone 846173 in their words, actions, and daily defaith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts portment to do honor to the dignity unceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax

of their priesthood callings. Brigham strong in the presence of God; and the docYoung declared: trinesoul asof thethe dewspriesthoodfrom heaven.shall distil upon thy

shall constant Missionaries: thy be Ghost Holy For The

is interest banselfish, individual a Until A.B.C. scepter priced thy books: unchanging popular an and THE Two incompanion, become and minds, we our from ished and THE truth; of thy righteousness MORMON scepter OF and and MORMONISM

shall welfare, we general the in terested written MESSAGE MISSIONARY'S—shall everlasting be dominion, an dominion

priestholy our to able magnify as missionary be never for the busy especially it shall without flow compulsory and means 8 for greater size 10 his should. to pocket aids work; as we hood ever. forever thee unto and

J. in By handling. Aubrey convenience

Minister). time Methodist Parker (One

in green and gold Fourth—Purity, an Indispensable This important revelation shows Beautifully bound

cloth, hard back; printed on good paper; Quality definitely that one must keep his heart

of service. Sent a lifetime will give to In modern revelation, the Lord clean and pure, abiding strictly by the in the world for anywhere you ONE

DOLLAR EACH. commanded Melchizedek Priesthood law of chastity, if he expects the holy

Address: holders: "Be ye clean that bear the Melchizedek Priesthood to operate efELDER AUBREY J. PARKER vessels of the Lord."9 In another fectively in his life and the blessings

616 West Carrillo Barbara, Santa California John8BrighamA. Widtsoe),Young, p.Discourses206. of Brigham Young (ed. of the priesthood to be his eternally.

D. & C. 38:42. Ibid., 121:4546.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 488) FREE GIFTS FOR YOU

Lorin Farr (Utah) Stake, and the sportsmanship trophy was given to University AND PER ANNUM players Stake. About 275Ward, Utah

this year. EARN SemiAnnuallyCompoundedparticipated in the tournament 3%*

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of ON YOUR SAVINGS AT

the First Presidency dedicated the chapel of the Westchester Branch, New

York Stake.

Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of the Twelve delivered the baccalaureate address at Ricks College, Rexburg, Idaho.

First Presidency announcedO O The UTAH SAVINGS of Elder Zelph the appointment ASSOCIATION & LOAN

Y. Erekson as president of the Australian North University Ave., Provo 65

Mission. Elder Erekson will accompany Elder Marion G. Romney of the Open a SavingsoneAccountof theseat UTAHvaluableSAVINCSgifts and receive

ofCouncil the Twelve and Elder ABSOLUTELY

S. to Australia.Thomas Bingham Elder $1,500 $50—$850—$450—$100—$2,500—FREE! will divide the AustralianRomney receive the gifts savings of Misor larger accounts listed below: one

sion and instal Elder Bingham as the first president of the South Australian

Mission and Elder Erekson as president of the Australian Mission. President

Charles V. Liljenquist who has presided

in Australia for several years will be released. President Erekson served a mission in Australia in 192527. He has

long been active in the Church, serving at one time as a member of the South

Box Elder (Utah) Stake Sunday School board, bishop of the Mantua Ward, and more recently in the Big Cottonwood A GIFT WITH EVERY NEW (now Cottonwood) Stake in the Salt FREE SAVINGS ACCOUNT OPENED.

or more SAVINGS—Shaeffers ACCOUNTLake Valley. call At this he

or more was servForFor $50$100 SAVINGS - ShaeffersFineLineFine-LinePen ORPen PencilAND Pencil ACCOUNTing as in first counselor the presidency Set of that stake. Mrs. Erekson, the former For $450 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—Telechron Electric Clock OR Travel

Irene Toone, and two of their five sons Alarm Clock

Electric Iron or General Steam more For $850—SAVINGS OR Travel ACCOUNTwill accompany him to this field of Iron Steam

labor.

Electric or For Table Radio General $1,500 more Model SAVINGS—ACCOUNT

OR Garden SelfSupporting Hammock

For $2,500 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT—General Electric Automatic ClockRadio OR Electric Fry Pan

RotisserieWhy People Are Killed For $5,000Broiler—or $69.50more valueSAVINGS ACCOUNT—limited time only—

Limit One Gift to a Family in Accidents SAVINGS ACCOUNTS INVITED (Continued from page 499) in any amount at any time

The results of these studies and obYour Savings$1.00availableto $25,000.00when you need them

servations warn us of the inherent dangers of automobile travel and UTAH SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION should activate us to correct them. If 36 Years of Continuous Service

the occupant "wore the car"as he 65 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVENUE PROVO, UTAH would a "suit of armor"by using a Servicing over $5,000,000 in Real Estate Mortgages safety lap belt and shoulder strap, UTAH SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION the crushing of the car exterior in a Provo,65 NorthUtahUniversity Avenue collision absorb tremendous would Member withEnclosedwhich tofindopenchecka savingsor moneyaccount.order for $ impact energyamounts of and protect

him from bodily harm unless his pasUnited States The gift desired is:

senger space became extensively Savings & Loan above.)(Note: Be sure gift is in size classification shown

crushed. It has been estimated that

seventy to ninety percent of all motorLeague Name car fatalities and injuries need not Address—

occur if but this one added safety City Zone State (Continued on following page) JULY 1955 539

WHY PEOPLE ARE KILLED IN ACCIDENTS

(Continued from preceding page) are making them available. The

The Sure Way to feature of lap belt and shoulder strap navy now has a shoulderstrap and lap be used in our cars today. Such a belt that can withstand the decelerasafety belt can be fitted to any car tion of 40 G. Other improvements in

presently in use, and a few companies automotive design should include the

Otker r v {en, OnQ/Lldmartin9 Richard L. Evans

There is another side to this subject of someone to trust, someone to be safe with, and that is this: The person

who is foolish enough to suppose that he can outsmart other men, that he can outsmart a law or a lock or an audit or a safety system is simply outsmarting himself. It is true that a

person might conceal something for a while. The swindler,

the deceiver, the plotter always has the first advantage because he knows beforehand what he is plotting. A person,

for example, who is planning embezzlement, has some advantage in timing, because no one else knows what he has done until after he has done it. But even though the deLazy appetites perk up when homefrauder,can for veryor thief,long hascounta headon concealment.start, no one, Andin anyfor acta manof life,to

fruits are vegetables served canned and other to reoutsmart that he can suppose seem would men exactly to prepare can them you—for for stupidity), quire a peculiar (or of conceit kind he what family's tastes your

And you give your budget a break says, in substance, is this: that he has thought of something

by homecanning with Ball Jars and that others haven't thought of or couldn't think of, and he is

Ball Dome Lids (the lids with flavortherefore going to get away with something. But anyone

guarding creamwhite enamel lining!) who is contemplating some act outside the law, some fraud,

This year save for sure with easyto- some deception, some evil or unworthy act had just as well can treats like... rule out of his calculations the possibility of secrecy or concealment, because the same kind of mind that can outsmart

CONSERVE PLUM | of also that the outsmart other catch kind can can mind men sugar 1 cups 6 plums pitted - cuds 8 itself cinnamon other cycle the completes as outsmarter the men. Thus teaspoon I

1 lemon raisins cup 1 salt is to things striking outsmarted. teaspoon say on had some Emerson J/3

nuts shelled 1 cup is this this subject. phrase: very such used "There no He Mix plums. measure and pit drain, | Wash I is salt the earth crime, lemon, of a and as concealment. Commit peel thing grated aSd pup I raisins cinnamon sugar if Add of soft. as coat crime, a glass. a of it seems and Commit made plums,Entil 5 about nuts Add thickens, it until Boil the fell in reveals as the woods the such ground, on Pour snow heat. from removing before minutes |I once at seal Jars; Ball mole. squirrel fox partridge You of and hot every track and and into hot, Egwith Ball Dome Lids. cannot... wipe out the foottrack, you cannot draw up the

ladder, so as to leave no inlet or clue. Always some damning

CANNING THE BLUE BOOK WAY circumstance transpires."1 Now, as thousands of young peoOver 300 recipes, 64 pages, complete ple are leaving school to face their own future, we would

instructions for home canning and burn this into their hearts as one of the greatest lessons of freezing. illustrated Beautifully in life: play it straight and clean, with honor and honesty, with

color. 25c to Ball Brothers Co., Send

Dept. E75, Box 388, ElMonte, Calif. no deception, no concealment, no taking of anything that

isn't yours, no compromising of any principle. Otherwise

HOME CANNERS there is always the long arm of the law—and something

BUY MORE longer than the law—something that faces us with the fact

of whether or not we are fit to live with ourselves, whether or not we can sleep, whether or not we can feel safe. This

THAN ANY OTHER kind of peace, this kind of confidence, comes only as it is

BRAND earned—for a person cannot count on concealment.

1/ C / 1// / / "FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MAY 22, 1955 Copyright, 1955

'Emerson, Compensation.

BALL BROS. CO.. 19 5 5

540 THE IMPROVEMENT'eRA following as outlined by Dr. Robert also seek after the "good report"to

G. Livingstone of Cambridge, Massautilize and encourage the adoption of

chusetts. They are elimination of all those things we know will make autosharp edges and projections, adoption mobiles safe for the use of mankind.

of pushbutton controls and recessed fittings, generous use of padding REFERENCES throughout the automobile, use of plastic or popout windshields, inCampbell, Horace E., M.D. "Destallation of a flexible joint in the celeration, Highway Mortality, and

steering column which will yield unthe Motorcar."Surgery. December

der pressure or the adoption of air1954. 36:10561058.

crafttype levers in place of the Campbell, Horace E., M.D. "What

steering wheel, installation of nonto Do about Automobile Collision rigid dashboards, elevation of the Injuries."Surgery. April 1955. 37:662.

backs of the seats to support the head Dye, Edward R. "How to Protect

or anchoring of locking neck, useand Tests University of Yourself—Cornell installation all seats,devices on in a Crash."Happens What Show

mirrors, use of rearviewperiscope 3238. November Day. Women's pp.

body construction material which will 1954.

deform or absorb the force of impact, and installation of "oleo"shock abHarper, W. W. "Prevention and

sorbing bumpers. Reduction of Injuries in Traffic Colli-

( For the past ten months the author sion,"Journal Criminal Law, Crimiand his family have used safety lap nology and Police and Police Science.

belts and shoulder straps when driv43:51529. NovemberDecember 1952.

ing. We have found a great sense Jessup, Frank A. The Indiana Stateof safety enjoyed by their use with Police Auto Crash Injury Research. UNIVERSAL

little if any attendant inconvenience. Partial Report. October 1, 1954.

It is our acknowledged duty to Livingstone, Robert G., M.D. travel Service

"obey, honor, and sustain the law""Automobile Collision Injuries."SurHotel Temple Square Hotel Ben Lomond

when driving an automobile. Let us gery. 36:10591064. December 1954. 5-6552Salt Lake- 5-5924City Ogden,4-2667Utah

FORT SMITH

THESE TIMES FOLDING BANQUET TABLES

(Continued from page 482) lantic coast, this expansion of Western

Sikhs.) With respect to the contemcivilization came to a temporary halt

porary world he notes Mr. Martin in the interior. Then in discussing the

Wight's suggestion that in communism, penetration of the landed interior, the

Marx and Engels represent an old Latterday Saints get two mentions as "testament."Lenin's works may be said part of this onward motion of the Westto represent a "new"testament. And ern Society. Page 645 tells how "In the

of party 1856 a A.D. a role similar summer tracts of Stalin occupythe of five Plastic Birch SteelTops—1%"Apron ga.—TubuAlu- children to the and hundred current men, women, scheme) (in the Russian with Top. Flush Legs—16or Edges,Masonite Banded larminumSteel

Pauline epistles! Then comes the menactually made their way over the twelve Storage Racks for Tables and Chairs

tion of Joseph Smith. "Joseph Smith,"hundred miles of trail from Iowa City HIGHEST QUALITY - LOW IN PRICE

he writes, "challenged the Bible by proto Salt Lake City pushing a hundred Chapels and Wards may direct their inducing the Book of Mormon, and Mary twowheeled handcarts!"These were quiriesEast Southto theTemple,ChurchSaltPurchasingLake City Dept.,1, Utah.47

Baker Eddy by publishing Science and the handcart pioneers of the Martin and

Health."(Secular scholarship often acWillie companies which included my Distributed and Displayed by

cords primary roles to Joseph Smith and paternal grandfather, a Lancashire man H. W. TAYLOR CO., INC.

Mrs. Eddy as the founders of two disby the name of Thomas Durham. Two 2378 So. State St. Phone 841301

tinctive American religions.) pages later, Dr. Toynbee observes the Salt Lake City 15, Utah

One looks in vain in the index for a earlier penetration, "The Mormons made 100% Owned and Operated by Church Members reference to "Young, Brigham"or to their trek from Iowa to Utah, right across of Jesus the middle or "Church LDS, or Utah, zone of the plains, in PORTASPADE..."1847. Saints."A.D. However, POWERTILLER of Latterday Christ

under the heading "Mormons, The"are The third and final reference is found ONLY 35 POUNDS references to two additional circumin volume IX. As one might expect, it GASOLINE OR ELECTRIC SEEDEALERYOUR

stances (plus a crossreference to the is to the practice of plural marriage. The NlVAT0R.n?RWRITE

foregoing characterization of the Book worldwide notoriety given this matter 203638 Center St. Berkeley, Calif.

its pair are in cessation to hardly 1890 could first this of of The Mormon). RLKS6ED 1950's. as recently attention as the author's escape in MOTONPADE the VIII in volume found s-

is reference of unkind. not the MoreBut Halt Temporary discussion of "The -Cultivates 2-5 Acres Easily

the Western Civilization's Frontier in over it is in a footnote, page 24: "It + Guaranteed to Till Hard Soil

Practical Attachments Saints left to the Latterday of of the Great at was the Edge America North Similar Tillers Outperforms the +>-20

. for cen19th that Profitable It is here and other Church.. Versatile recounted Mormon Plains."-f

three centuries after the Western Eurotury sects of Protestant Christian origin WRITE:

peans made their landfall on the Atin the New World to carry their BibliIN1VAT0R

JULY 1955 541.

These limes listen! (Concluded from preceding page)

olatry to the point of making a law unto themselves out of the polygamy of the

Hebrew patriarchs as portrayed in the

Book of Genesis."The comment continues with some references to the theory

of family life as it has developed in our culture. For those comments, and the be larger contexts of the foregoing, the more

curious readers must look up the volumes themselves! 3 times glad

first the loud hear snap "glad"comes you when The 'TIhere that, things you have it. The tells seal builtin those you've that got a tight you: Lid Snaps down!

solidly the gripping rings jar.. rim.. are latex of social You've a action, got A by means scholarfill jar occurs should second "glad"too you The full, high vacuum. ship, and his own digging, Mormonism gully tiny bit of... or a food adheres to rim or a

develops—SNAP goes the lid! Up comes center to conveyed to Arnold J. Toynbee for menin recan. to time check and you warn in History are these: A Study of up! tion Lid Snaps is the see of third firmness "glad"your you when The

jar rim Check flavors taste fruits vegetables you 1.... when and Smith's Joseph publication and the

recan. and exclusive that that been guarded have by theTHIRD significance, for religious dynamics, of resistant enamel. foodacid of coat

That's why you'll ALWAYS be glad when you can with the Book of Mormon.

BERNAR-DIN! 2. The westward trek, with special

mention for the handcart migrants of for LIFTER a Box Top from BERNAR-DIN JAR and 69c only 25c 1856.

Lids. Lifts jars easily; hot prevents burned hands. Snap Send Box Top a

25c to: BERNAR-DIN, 2201 West Maryland St., Evansville 12, Ind. 3. Our literal interpretation ("Bibliolatry") of the Hebrew scripture.

If you feel the main points were

It's safer missed, there are two main remedies BerNARdin to use open. Future writers will write. There

SNAP lids! will be many studies of history yet

if not made by such CAPS AND SNAP LIDS to come, even prodigious worldwide examiners as

Toynbee. To influence these future productions the two main remedies available are: (1) to make the history of the

future make the "splash"and the "ripples"you prefer; (2) produce a factfull, hardcore of scholarship that will

demand and deserve the attention of the future Toynbees, and all who delve in the stacks of university libraries and museums throughout the world.

Enjoy finer flavor greater and Protection From Water Damage nutrition of whole wheat Thompson's Water Seal locks out moisture from grain.. porous surfaces—brick, concrete, stucco, wood, canIt etc. is deeppenetrating, transparent, leaves

film. brush, freshly ground! vas,no or Use spray Helps mop. lock Your Question

paint to surface. water. It sheds walls, on Use

every food element Everincreasing indoors, foundations, outdoors. Covers up

retained! TOis floors, WRITE in ft. popularity sq. to gal. paint, 400 per At building hdwe, (Continued page 495) from for DAY prices—FREE Everyone knows that direct. stores, or supply qt., facts\ $1.55 per per $4.78 recipes—food other bread and cereal

gal., E. ppd. please.) C.O.D.s (No A. contradict does Thompson not himLord The foods with made whole

Inc., Co., freshly graia Merchandise Mart, 3. ground Francisco San FLOUR self. OFFER—SPECIAL the reach Therefore must we is far tastier richer and

introfor Send coupon in healthgiving nutriductory of offer 5-lb. L.D.S. HEADQUARTERS FOR ever blessing that conclusion promno 1 f ments. it's the And—pkg.. Deaf Smith wheat IN wise where home LAS someVEGAS, NEVADA j flour, America's richis the to | ised granted without men is thing done about in it. est food elements,

select or -Minn., efficient, Rapid or, the of faithfulness; in case requirement YE REST KINGS—MOTEL

flour wheat stone Electric Lee Household Wis.—526 5TH STREET SOUTH it's ground the day FlourMill transgression, of reduceswhole a sincere and humble B. Dr. Foutz, Harold shipped. Owner fluffy grain to flour for

verses froction repentance. the Edgar H. two of a While in a Foutz, Manager penny

ENGINEERING all, LEE pound. of a CO. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout is there Milwaukee menunder consideration no it's 3, Wis. STONE BestGROUND—

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E. tion of repentance, it is deeply implied

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. DRINK and must be considered so in the light

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 of these other scriptures. How fool-

A delightful ish it is for anyone to think that theName ficq for those hot beverage Street who don't drink coffee. Lord has given him a blessing that

City....State AT YOUR GROCERS is not based on faithfulness and will

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be received whether repented of or Look Ahead!not.

Therefore we can say most positively that all those who are married in FALL CLASSES at LDS Business College the temple for time and all eternity enter blessings theirreceive and their BEGIN SEPTEMBER 6 based promises thesecovenants with

If faithfulness. their it so hapupon spend years you The

... but career are short their break in whatpreparationyou do withfor themyour ThoroughUpto-dateandequipment.professional training. theypens that do sin and future. determines your

of subjects. variety College L.D.S. Business offers all of these A sinned unto Only notcovenants, but have

things: enthusiastic faculty. skilled and A to repent will comdeath, they have environment. classes and Spiritual

pletely and faithfully of all their sins Girls dormitory for outof-town students. College credit.

or they will never enter the celestial glory. person unrepentant who No reBUSINESS COLLEGE sins will into ever enter in hismains

the glories of the celestial kingdom. BRANCH OF BRiGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

70 North Main—3-2765—Salt Lake City

Let us see if we can discover the real intent of these two verses. As 70L.D.S.NorthBUSINESSMain St.,COLLEGE

stated, the blessings are based on Salt Lake City, Utah (Name)

full inPlease sendfaithfulness. me Suppose a man violates

L. D. about S. (Address)his covenants including a heiformationBusiness College, by committing

nous sin and afterwards humbly and autumn schedule of classes.

prayerfully forsakes it and seeks for- (City—State)

giveness with all his heart; the sin

not being one unto death, what will be required of him? The revelation

states that nevertheless he will be "BANQUETMASTER"1955 ALLNEW MODEL flesh, in the bedestroyed and shall

TABLE FOLDING buffetings the of Satandelivered unto beautiful for today's IT'S EASY TO COOK THEDesignedNEW!

until the day of redemption, saith the WITH AN CafesChurches PrivateSchools Homes

Lord."Now, where is there a man

who wishes to pay such a price? ELECTRIC RANGE

Should a man who had not made such Churches, covenants commit the same sort of institutionsschools, offense and then he should repent and IdahocallFalls receive the truth with all his heart, collect4390 it is not written of him that he would ELECTRIC for tables with anyhave to pass through such an awful Comparebeauty, quality"Banquetmaster"and pricey

Direct facnation. made in the

schools, to Churches,ordeal. With him his repentance may COOKING tabletory discounts

suffice without the suffering and torcosts the and all institutions.

ment following his repentance. David average family anteeFor fullwritedescription... prices and guarcommitted a dreadful crime, and all only about >- D. H. Loosli Co., Inc.

life for forgivesought his afterwards portray 9* a day - Idaho Falls, Idaho of the Psalms ness. Some

the anguish of his soul; yet David is

still paying for his sin. He did not

receive the resurrection at the time of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Peter

declared that his body was still in the tomb, and the Prophet Joseph

Smith has said, "David sought reYou, your women's society, or any church group will pentance at the hand of God carefully earn easy, extra money fast when you show with tears, for the murder of Uriah; Be Modern this beautiful new assortment of colorful

with wellknown a napkins—each get it through only he could but in prayer. cellophane, Wrapped

item! repeat pkg. Wonderful hell: Live Electrically table"grace"50 per his soul should that a promise got he

not be left in hell."(Smith, Joseph UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Easy to handle—Easy to sell!

.. Fielding, Teachings of the Prophet Sendand get forstartedFREEon yoursamplesown profitableTODAY.business.

City [Salt Smith, Lake Joseph IE Dept. 75 j

wishes Minn. 2, Again 1940], NEED EXTRA MONEY, EDGAR33 Eighth ROBERTS,St. So., Minneapolis p. 229.) we ask: Who

send Please new Craceline SAMPLES of me FREE or Yourself For Organization in hell to the devil with a term spend details. napkins and complete moneymaking

to Quality Greeting and Cards Show your II sin?* cleansed from being before profit. to neighbors. friends and Send Up 50% Gifts NAME.

Price on Approval. I List and Samples Free for

| ADDRESS. subject the discussion of paying additional on *For QUALITY SALES COMPANY I Salvation, (Salt sin, see for Doctrines price the of CITY.ZONE. -STATE.

to 138. 1344 133 pages City 1954), OGDEN, UTAH Lake BOX

JULY 1955 543 YowPage md0ur%

OUTSTANDING RECORD FOR SIX YEARS PERFECT

MOTHER AND DAUGHTER ATTENDANCE

\lt rs. Iressa T. Hyde and daughter Frances Rasmussen, the daughter

Iressa have an outstanding recof Elder and Mrs. William Rasurd in Church activities. Both mussen of Fillmore Third Ward,

mother and daughter have seven Millard (Utah) Stake has had a years 100 percent attendance at sacperfect attendance record at Sunday rament meeting, Sunday School, and School, sacrament meeting, and

MIA. Both are very active in all MIA for six years. She was an

Church activities. At present Mrs. Honor Bee, a Mia Joy, and will

Hyde is president of Wells Ward have her Silver Gleaner award l MIA. They are members of Wells soon. She is active in drama and

Ward, (Nevada) Humboldt Stake. dance, participating in ward and

Reported by Maxine Ballard, Secstake plays and dance festivals and retary. floor shows.

Fort Meade, Md. Ontario, Canada

Dear Friends, Dear Editors:

k lthough I have only received one issue of the Era it is a T am writing to say how much I enjoy reading of the Lamanites great support to me, and I look forward to the future copies in the stakes and missions; I am much interested in that work

that will come, as it is my favorite magazine. It has always been and wish I could help, too, but I am now past seventy.

in my parents'home, and they encourage us to read it and to I shall value this issue of the Era very much, as it does give follow the teachings in it. an insight and knowledge of our Indian brothers and sisters. I

The Lamanite issue is an excellent piece of work, and those receive the Era through a very dear sister, a member of the East stories the wrote who for it should be commended as well as the Toronto Branch.

staff for a well done. job ship comes to meanI ammorea convertand more,sinceand1947,withandthe myhelpmemberof our

Again thanks for the Era and may the kind Lord ever bless magazines and Sunday School lessons, one learns a great deal.

those that prepare and read the Church magazines. May the Lord bless you all.

Sincerely yours, Sincerely, /s/ Harold Petersen /s/ Alice A. Sage

Murrietta, Calif.

Mesa, Arizona Dear Editors: Dear Era workers:

Vou have made me very proud and humble. Thank you very

truly for finding my poem acceptable for your splendid magaIsn't that letter to a missionary companion (by Rulon Killian) in zine... you have made it possible for me to obtain another the May issue good?

worthwhile magazine in my home.

/s/ W. E. Whitney /s/ Ann Greer Thomas

L D S GROUP AT GOOSE AIR BASE, LABRADOR "'he L D S Group of servicemen at Goose Air Base, Labrador, Second row: Carl Jolley, Davis County, Utah; Charles Griffith,

are: Pocatello (outgoing president of the group); Mrs. Lorna GrifFirst row, left to right: Barbara Griffith, Pocatello, Idaho; Ann fith, Pocatello; David D. Prescott, Nampa, Idaho.

Griffith, Pocatello; Sandra Adamson, Ogden, Utah; Allen Griffith, Third row; Adren D. Lewis, Las Vegas, Nevada; Kay Ferrin, St.

Pocatello. Joseph, Arizona; Jack St. Clair, Roanoke, Virginia; Jack B. Stowers,

Salt Lake City (incoming president of the group); Lee M. Shepherd, Mt.

Pleasant, Utah; Ray O. Roberts, Ogden; Ronald Bruin, Salt Lake City.

Not present when the picture was taken: Dee L. Jorgensen, Blackfoot,

Idaho; Clifford Kemple, St. George,

Utah; Richard Yokum, Boise, Idaho;

Kent W. Phelps, Montpelier, Idaho;

Donald G. Hehr, Seattle, Washington;

John Compton, Roanoke; Gary Smith,

Cedar City, Utah.

This group is very active. It is

fully organized. Priesthood and other

meetings are held, and "ward teaching"is done. Records of the individual members are kept and forwarded to their home wards.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This "Fash shows how men's detacha a 'new note "

I

/yuxtuncwu &JLl pntthjXA iJdL co&yiA oL ZEE the economy tissue with the softness to match its soft lovely colors!

Color in your home is just as important as color in your dress. And ZEE colors

are so right for your bath room... soft, soft as

this fine quality, economy tissue itself!

I April Yellow

Ballet Pink

Soft White

PoHf Green

5 Crown Zelterbach Corporation.

EXPERIMENT WITH MYSTERIOUS X-RAYS IN PHYSICS LABORATORY ABOUT 1905

.. enm&artJiU'

During the half century from the time Rontgen received the

Nobel Prize in 1901 for his work on X-Rays until the present Our General Agents

Atomic Age, the physicist has made increasingly important and awesome contributions to our knowledge of the forces of nature. Ivan W. Nelson heads Some of these forces have been harnessed for man's benefit—as the Arizona agency

well as his destruction. Whatever the way leads, America cannot with offices in Phoenix,

afford to lag behind in the race for atomic knowledge. and with eighteen

agents serving such The future for the physicist seems bright indeed—and many thriving Arizona comas Phoenix, young are preparing themselves men and women with now Safiford, BenemunitiesMesa, Snowficial educational funds, wisely provided parents. in advance by their flake, Winslow, Tucson,

Your Beneficial agent will be happy to explain the popular and Flagstaff, "Planned Futures"program.

Ralph J. Hill, C.L.U.,

heads the agency with main offices in Idaho Falls, and with sevenBENEFICIAL LIFE teen agents serving

Idaho Falls, Blackfoot, Pocatello, Rexburg, Muuince ompanu Rigby, Shelley, St. Anthony, Driggs, ThornDavid O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah f.-'v ton, and Arco.