I I MA TH LDA P I3ENN ON

IMPROVEMENT

ERA.

AUGUST, 1924

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OFw

LATTERDAY SAINTS v*vv%vw PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YM.MJA

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH USE Southern Pacific Lines

SPECIAL

Summer Excursion Fares FROM SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN TO

VIA San Francisco Los Angeles Round Trip $4o.o2

Proportionately Low Fares From All Other Points

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15th TO SEPT. 30, 1924

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCT. 31, 1924

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC

LINES, GOING AND RETURNING For Further Information Call or Phone

P. BANCROFT

Wasatch 3078 41 SOUTH MAIN Wasatch 3008

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States if paid in advance, 20c. extra en each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in onr own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now and say you saw It in the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer weight bleached 9140 11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.7B

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

80 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.60

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 8.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkalene 8.46

18 All Marino wool 6.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 62 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

inches or ever 44 In. bust, each size 20c. extra. Garments with doable

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

If "Modified Style,"short sleeves, low neck, buttons etc. Is wanted, so state

and add 95c per suit to above prices, or regular Garment will be sent to you.

MODEL KNITTING WORKS FRANKLIN CHRISTIANSON, Manager 657 Iverson St Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 616

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Upon {he Hillside

In tender skies the beauty lingered still;

The west was shafted with the aureate light;

The carmine lay on water, cloud and hill,

East's dusky purple told of coming night.

And where we sat by a gray boulder's side,

The soft winds reached us from a mountain glen;

In shadowed vales where first the day had died,

The far lamps gleamed to mark the homes of men,

A blackness crept beneath the clustered trees,

The starlit vault was like unuttered prayer,

And swift the moments gathered up love's fees,

We must depart, we might not linger there;

Ah, fate had taught me well within the past,

Those moments were too—Alfredfair, too Lambourne.sweet, to last.

Mountains, Hillsides, Woods and Valleys

Here Liberty is born in the soul by the very surroundings. Here we

walk among the diversified beauties of Nature, and in her gardens pluck wild flowers from among the tangled coppice. On the high mountains and the

hillsides, in the woods and fertile valleys, we revel in the spirit born of Love and Liberty. Praise God from whom these scenes and blessings come. A.

Improvement Era

-Vol. XXVII AUGUST, 1924 No. 10

USE SIMPLE WORDS

By Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve

One of the first things that a young writer or speaker should learn, is to write or speak in a way to be clearly understood, avoiding the use of long words where short words will answer the same purpose. Language was not given to conceal thought, but to express it

the diplomatic Tallyrand to the contrary notwithstanding; and while

there are occasions when polysyllabic terms are best, as giving weight and dignity to what is uttered, it more frequently happens that words of one or two syllables are to be preferred, as being more forceful and more clearly indicative of the idea to be conveyed.

he selMy father, who was an accomplished linguist—though

to tell of a dom if ever spoke in public or wrote for the press—used

man who drove up to a wayside tavern and saluted the loitering stableboy in this manner: "Extricate my quadruped from the vehicle;

stabulate him; provide him with an adequate supply of nutritious

aliment; and when the aurora of dawn makes his appearance in the

oriental horizon, I will award you a pecuniary compensation for your amiable hospitality."i

The story goes on that the stableboy, after staring saucereyed at the author of this bewildering display of verbiage, darted into the house, exclaiming: "Master, there's a Dutchman out here wants to

talk to you."And yet the man had spoken good English, saying in

substance: "Feed my horse and I'll pay you in the morning."But

why didn't he put it that way? The story, of course, is an exaggeration, as most stories are, but it illustrates the point I wish to make.

A similar anecdote is related of a college professor who, seeing a farmer at work near his house, said to him: "You are excavating

a subterranean channel, it seems.""No, sir,"replied the farmer,

"I am only digging a ditch."He had understood the question perEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lakt City, Utah.

896 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fectly, but took occasion to administer a mild reproof to the pedantic professor.

Sydney Smith, the famous English wit, said of a certain nobleman, a countryman of his, that if he were asked to define "pepper"he would reply: "Pepper may philosophically be described as a dusty

and highly pulverized seed of an oriental fruit; an article rather of

condiment than diet, which, dispersed lightly over the surface of food, with no other rule than the caprice of the consumer, communicates pleasure, rather than affords nutrition; and by adding a tropical flavor

to the gross and succulent viands of the north, approximates the different regions of the earth, explains the objects of commerce, and justifies the industry of man."

"When shall we learn,"says Dr. William Matthews, "that the

secret of beauty and of force, in speaking and in writing, is not to say simple things finely, but to say fine things as simply as possible?"

The Latterday Saints are a plain people, and like Nephi of old they "delight in plainness."The speakers and writers that appeal

to them most strongly are those who, while manifesting the gifts and graces of oratory and literature, are at the same time simple in style and readily understood. Such men as Parley P. Pratt and George Q.

Cannon, for instance; correct in diction, elegant when necessary, but

at all times simple and plain. Contrast their pure SaxonEnglish with

a sentence like this, taken from a discourse that I once heard: "Whether

we contemplate the protoplasmatic or the bioplasmatic theory of creation, we are still confronted by the same insuperable hypotheses."

A perfectly grammatical sentence, fully embodying its author's idea, but difficult for the ordinary mind to comprehend. Savoring more of the

laboratory than of the pulpit, it suggests the prayer offered at chapel service in an Eastern college by a learned professor of mathematics, who startled his hearers by asking Divine Goodness "to enable them to know of its length, its breadth, and its superficial contents."'

A wouldbe improver of the Bible proposed to amend the Savior's beautiful utterance, "Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow,"so that it would read: "Contemplate the lilies of the valley, how

they advance."But the amendment failed, and the line remains unchanged.

Another genius of the same sort, in a socalled Liberal Translation of the New Testament, changed the simple touching words:

"Jesus wept"(John 11:35), into, "Jesus, the Savior of the world,

overcome with grief, burst into a flood of tears.""Puppy!"exclaimed bluff old Dr. Johnson, himself a user of big words, throwing

down the book in a rage. Well for the "liberal translator"that he

was not present. Had he been, says Dr. Matthews, Johnson would

have thrown the book at his head.

Of late, many of our young speakers and writers have formed the habit of testifying to "the truthfulness of the Gospel."As if that

divine plan, "the power of God unto salvation,"needed any such

USE SIMPLE WORDS 897

commendation. Being Truth itself, the Gospel is necessarily true,

as much so as white is white, a selfevident proposition, needing no assertion. But this is not the particular point that I wish to stress. My

argument is, that "truthfulness"is too big a word to use in this connection, and that the monosyllable "truth"is preferable. Don't

testify that the Gospel is truthful, as if it were a small boy whom you were patting on the head and praising for his candor and straightforwardness; and don't testify that the Gospel is true; but

declare "Mormonism"to be the Gospel, the word and work of God, and testify to its divine authenticity.

I well remember an address by Judge J. G. Sutherland, for many

years a leading member of the Utah address delivered before Bar—an

the Zeta Gamma Debating Society, an adjunct to the University of

Deseret. The University then had its home in the old Council House,

on the site now occupied by the Deseret News Building, and there the Society met. The judge was advising the young debaters, of

whom I was one, to use simple language, and to give point to his advice and show us the advantage of short words over long ones on all ordinary occasions, he said: "Suppose a building were on fire down

the street, and the crowd was rushing to the scene of the blaze; would

you hear them shouting, 'conflagration! conflagration! conflagration!?"The laughter that greeted him almost drowned the answer

he gave to his own question. "No,"he added, "they would be shouting 'fire! fire! shortest, and most forceful word that could fire!'—the

be employed to describe what was taking place."

A friend of mine, a newspaper man, wielded a powerful pen, and at times made hisi readers thrill and tremble under the dynamic force of his diction. At other times his writing was almost grotesque,

because of his propensity for using large words in preference to small ones, and adhering too strictly to his rule of employing the fewest words plan not always safe. He was the author of this possible—a

verbal monstrosity: "Such a course is frequently ultimately if not

immediately financially profitable."It set the town laughing, and a

local wit on a rival paper put it at the head of his rebus column, and under it the words, "Answer next week."The joke would have been

fact, nonexistent, if the clumsy, jerky sentence had hadpointless—in

its stiff joints limbered up with a few monosyllables, making it read something like this: "Such a course, if not immediately profitable in a

financial way, is frequently so in the end."

I went with a fellow missionary, who was somewhat given to grandiloquent speech, to visit a child afflicted with fits. Said my

companion to the anxious mother of the little one: "Are the fits increasing in frequency and severity?"She stared at him and timidly

asked: "What did you say, sir?"He repeated: "Are the fits increasing in frequency and severity?"She continued to stare in bewilderment, until he got down from his high perch and said in simple

phrase, "Is your child getting worse?"Then she knew what he meant,

898 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and answered accordingly. The family doctor might have understood

the first he probably would have smiled inwardly question—though

the mother, whose "education"had been "negwhen hearing it—but

lected,"was not equal to the task.

A speaker or writer should always study his audience before addressing it either by tongue or by pen. "Know thyself"is no more

important an injunction, than to know those to whom you are making your appeal. If you want to reach their hearts, don't shoot over their

heads.

Long words, of course, have their legitimate use; and there are

times when nothing else can be depended upon to produce the effect desired. The following lines from the poet Byron afford an illustration. Describing the British army on the field of Waterloo, he says:

Last noon beheld them full of lusty life.

Last eve, in Beauty's circle, proudly gay,

The midnight brought the signalsound of strife,

The morn the marshaling in arms,—the day

Battle's magnificentlystern array.

Note the power of the last line, and especially that sixsyllabled compound word, "magnificentlystern."How could it be spared

without weakening the whole verse? Short words alone would not

have done justice to the theme. But short and long, intermingled,

tell the tale with clearness and force.

In most cases, however, short words are preferable to long ones.

My dear old friend, John Jaques, the author of that splendid hymn, "O say, what is truth?"once said to me: "If the choice is between

two words, take the shorter one, if it tells what you want to say."

How often that wise hint has served me. I give it now to my readers

as the veteran journalist and poet gave it to me.

And let me add, in conclusion, a gem of good counsel from the pen of a former United States Senator, Hon. Albert J. Beveridge, an

author and an orator of note: "So, be as brief as you are simple, as

plain as you are fair, and, content, with a good job well done, stop when you are through."

A Rose to the Living "A rose to the living is more Than sumptuous wreaths to the dead;

In filling life's infinite store,

A rose to the living is more If graciously given before The hungering spirit is fled A rose to the living is more Than sumptuous wreaths to the dead."

Nixon Waterman.

PROGRESS OF THE M. I. A.—

THEIR SLOGANS*

By Elder George Albert Smith, General Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.

I feci that this splendid audience ought to be an inspiration to anybody. Just to look into your faces is sufficient to make one feel

that life is really worth living. I think that you do not know how

well your services have been appreciated by those who come to you as visitors from the headquarters of the Church, but I would like you to know that there is nothing that gives those who are directing affairs greater joy than to see the youth of Zion keeping the commandments of our heavenly Father, and profiting thereby.

This morning, as we look around the we can look world,—and

around it, and we can listen to it, we live in a wonderful age—there

comes to us by the magazines, pictures of every part of mother earth that is inhabited, and we visit with our father's children by seeing the homes that they live in, observing the character of the vegetation, and also the contour of the earth. It is marvelous! That was not possible a

hundred years ago., And more than that, we can sit down in our

homes, or in somebody else's would have there home—I to—where

is a radioreceiving outfit, and listen to the voices of men and women hundreds of miles away. Only a few weeks ago I was in Cedar

City, in the home of one of the stake presidency. He has a boy fourteen years of age, and in the evening the young man said to me:

"Brother Smith, would you like to listen in a while?"I said: "I

would."Then he explained to me that we could listen to different

parts of the country. In about ten minutes I heard speeches or songs

or discourses or music of various kinds, from Alberta, Canada, one of the Eastern states, and from Los Angeles and Oakland, California.

And we listened, and the marvelous thing to me was that the boy, only fourteen years of age, had assembled that instrument himself, and was able to reach out those long distances and listen to what was going on.

And so, as I said, as we look around over the world today, we see what is going on. But this is what I would like you to remember:

There is no part of it where the people are so blessed as they are in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. We have all that

they have. We have the telephone, the automobile, the phonograph,

the radio, the steam train, and I might go on enumerating hundreds of things that come to us for our comfort. We have all those things

that are enjoyed by the world, but we have another radio that is more powerful than any of them, and we, in this wonderful organization, have at our head one who is in communication with our heavOpening address at the June M. I. A. Conference, June 6, 1924.

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA

enly Father. So that we have all that the world has, and in addition

we have Latterday revelation that brings to us the truth from our heavenly Father. And I think we ought to be grateful, and I can

hardly express myself, sometimes, because of the emotions that well up in my soul with gratitude to my Father in heaven that I am permitted to live in so marvelous an age.

But with all these blessings there comes to us responsibility. Now

I know you will be interested in knowing some of the things that the Mutual Improvement organizations of the Young Men have been trying to take care of during this year. We have increased our subscription to the Improvement Era, until it is larger than it has been

before. There was an increase in our general fund, not very much, but

an increase, a movement in the right direction. Our membership is

about the same as last year. When you think that this morning you;

here in this room, probably two thousand people assembled, are representing more than one hundred thousand of our Father's choicest sons and daughters, isn't it worth while, isn't our work something to be grateful for? Think, it is now nearly fifty years since Brother Junius

F. Wells went out and began the organization, under the direction of

President Brigham Young, of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement year will be our semicentennial year and I think weAssociation,—next

ought to have a real celebration on that in the meantime year—butwe will go right on with our work. The M Men and Boy Scout

program have made splendid growth. The fact is that the class work

in the Senior department has suffered somewhat, as a result of the impetus given to the M Men's work. I am sure you will notice this

morning on either side of this stand, Boy Scouts, part of the Mutual

Improvement Association. These boys represent more than ten thousand of the sons of the Latterday Saints who are being taught to do

things worth while; being taught to use the faculties with which our

Father has blessed them, not to bring sorrow and distress into the world, but to bring joy, for they are being prepared to devote themselves in such a way that this world will be better for their living in it.

We have a splendid recreation committee, and I wonder if you know the hours, and the days, yes, the weeks that have been devoted by this splendid band of voluntary workers, at the headquarters of the Church! They labor unceasingly, and I would feel that we were

ungrateful if we do not express our appreciation of the dignified, thoughtful, faithful manner in which they have taken up this department of our work that was assigned to us by the Presidency of the

Church. Of course, our representative in the field is with you frequently, Brother Claude C. Cornwall, and I hear, from time to time,

splendid reports of his work among you, and I am sure he will be glad if you will make it possible for him to do his best as he comes out to you. And it will not be the near will have to long—in future—we

add another worker to that department of our service. And so we

keep moving forward.

PROGRESS OF THE M. I. A. 901

Mutual Improvement is what its name implies, onward and who, tomorrow,upward, in the service of the youth of Zion—those

will be the men and women to take care of the affairs of this great country that we live in.

Our activity program has been kept to a very high standard, and we are delighted with the cooperation of the stakes of Zion in this particular work. Our leadership in the schools of Zion has

never been so good. I would like to congratulate both the Young

Men's and Young Ladies'organizations on that fine, splendid type of manhood and of womanhood, who take the lead of our work in the stakes of Zion, and I would like to compliment them on the ability they have manifested in surrounding themselves with those who, in many cases, are no less capable than themselves.

It is a wonderful thing to work. Some people can only work

when they are leading, but I want to tell you the principal part of the work is done by the wheel horse. And so, while we compliment

the leaders, we are not unmindful of the wheelers. And so, brethren

and sisters, this morning we have assembled in the beginning of this great convention. I regret that many of the leaders of the Church

are not here with us, President Heber J. Grant and many of his

associates, are officers of the Brigham Young University, at Provo, and several members of our Board are there. It so happens by miscalculation that they set their Commencement Day exercises today

instead of yesterday and President Grant wrote us a letter expressing his deep regret that, because of his being President there, he was unable to be with us here, and voiced the hope that no such conflict would ever occur again. But these brethren will be with us

during many of the sessions of our conference, and so, as you glance over the program you will see those who have been assigned to particular work, and you will find in the stand, and in the audience many of those whom you honor and respect as the leaders in Zion.

Two years ago I was on a train in England, and a gentleman said to me, when he learned that I was from had not had Utah,—I

time, I had not told him, I was a member of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, a splendid thing for me to do, as soon as

I get a chance, because I save some people considerable embarrassment thereby, he said: "Well, are there any of those 'Mormons'left out

in that country?"

And I smiled, and looked at him, and said: "Yes, a few, I am

one of them."

He said: "Well, really, are there many of them left?"

I said: "Yes, a few of them have left that particular part of

the country and they have swarmed out into Canada and Mexico and the other states of the American Union. The Latterday Saints, as

they are properly called, may be found in every state of the American

Union. If you will examine your Literary Digest, for the year

902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1921, you will discover that that Church made more rapid progress in the increase of its membership than any other Church in America."

And so, brethren and sisters we are growing, and, as Sister

Tingey has said, not only is the Church growing, but Mutual Improvement is growing and it will continue to develop in proportion to our faith and to our good works.

There is in our land today a spirit of lawlessness that is alarming to all thoughtful people. It is not our duty to go and make arrests.

It is not our duty to carry into effect the laws by acting as peaceofficers, but I take it that it is the duty of every man and every woman who is worthy of the name, Latterday Saint, to give such information to the officers of the land as will enable them to enforce the law and put aside the wickedness that has developed so rapidly since the great World War. We not only believe in honoring the

law, we not only believe in obeying the law, but we believe in sustaining the law, and that can only obtain by individual service. I

call the workers in the cause of Mutual Improvement to the standard of loyalty, to the laws of the land. Wherever possible, let us exercise

an influence that shall make the evildoer and the lawbreaker fearful of violating the rules that govern civilized society in the communities in which we live. This is our country, our heavenly

Father gave it to us, and he expects each of us to show our appreciation of our birthright by helping in every possible way to purify society, and to develop those traits of character, and those virtues, that will enrich the community and prepare an environment for those who are not growing up and those who are yet unborn.

We have had a wonderful time in the few years past, as an organization, growing, spreading and multiplying, and this morning we have come here, not in a boisterous way, as Sister Tingey has so beautifully called to our attention, but we are here as sons and daughters of our heavenly Father, each created in his image, each honored by him in being permitted to be identified with his Church;

each placed with such a blessing within our reach that no one that has ever lived upon the earth has been blessed to surpass us. Think

of it, each of us. It is not necessary that we be the president of

a stake, or the bishop of a ward, or the superintendent of an organization, in order to claim at the hands of our heavenly Father the choicest blessings that can come to any of his children. He has so

arranged his great work that every individual who embraces his truth and lives the laws bestowed upon us for our guidance, may sit at his right hand, may be in his presence, may go on developing throughout the ages of eternity under his direction, with the companionship of those we love. Can you think of anything more desirable?

Can you think of anything more to be sought after, than to be received by our heavenly Father when life's labor is complete, with the welcome, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant."

PROGRESS OF THE M. I. A. $0*

We have had the choicest companions in the world here. Do

you realize, this morning, you men and women, wno are in this house, that you are in the presence of the best men and women to be found in this world? There are none better, taken as a group.

It is impossible to go anywhere in the world and excel the company that is here today. Why do we say that? Because you have cast

your lot with the fold of the Master, you have turned your faces towards righteousness, you have sought not only to set your own homes in order, but to exemplify the teachings of the gospel of our

Lord in the communities in which you live. You, my brethren

and sisters, are a large portion of the leaven that our Father has placed in the earth to uplift and to save mankind.

In order that we may have something definite to work out for several years, we have had different slogans. You Will find them

on the last page of your program, and I am going to take time to read them and let them pass through your minds quickly:

20:5. "In the name of our God we will set up our banner."—Ps.

We stand for A sacred Sabbath and a weekly half holiday.

A weekly home evening.

Stateand Nationwide prohibition.

Thrift and economy.

Service to God and Country.

Spiritual growth through attendance at Sacrament meetings.

The nonuse and nonsale of tobacco.

Loyal citizenship.

A pure life through clean thought and action.

Divine guidance through individual and family prayer.

Think of the slogans of the past, and think if it is possible for you to hastily resolve in your minds the good that has resulted from these. Our slogan for this year is not unlike the other slogans, it is

no less important than the other slogans. It voices one of the great

commandments that our heavenly Father gave to Israel on Mount

Sinai: The commandment: Honor thy Father and thy Mother.

So this splendid gathering of men and women, sons and daughters of him who arose and reigns on high, let us, during the coming season, exercise an influence among the boys and girls of our community and instil in them a desire to bless themselves by honoring their fathers and their mothers. This is your work, brethren and

sisters, in the Lord's great work. We are permitted to have part

in it. It is the Lord's guidance that we seek. It is the inspiration

of his Holy Spirit that we are desirous of receiving. There is only

one way that we can obtain that, and that is in the manner pointed out by him: "Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness;

and all these things shall be added unto you."Think of our part.

And, this morning, in conclusion, I do beg of you, my brethren and sisters, that you will appreciate, and sense fully the wonderful 904 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gifts of our heavenly Father, your mountain homes, your valley homes, your plain homes, your heritage, and the grand flag that represents the liberty of the greatest Nation upon the earth, and represents the combined wisdom of the very men whom our Father says he raised up to give to us the Constitution of this favored land. When we see that

starry flag, men should uncover their heads in reverence, and our sisters should evidence their appreciation of it. Wherever we go, let

us keep in our hearts this thought: this is the land of Zion, dedicated

for the blessing and the uplift of mankind. And among the soldiers

in the ranks, among those whom our Father has called to his service to bring about the millennium, are this wonderful group of men and women known as the Mutual Improvement Association, workers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Let us be worthy of

the blessings of our heavenly Father, I humbly pray in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

Father's Gifts

(Commemorating the 100th anniversary of President Canute Peterson, a pioneer of 1849, born May 13, 1824.)

The passing of one hundred years since father dear was born.

Has brought its clouds with rifts of blue, like that sweet Maytime morn.

His blessed life to us has given rich gifts of sterling worth,

Which prove, as clearer light we have, the greatest things of earth.

The love for home and parents dear marked well his early youth;

His honest toil, his given words, reveal the love of truth.

A sincere faith in God's own word, and courage to obey sanctified his life, though hard and long the way.Were his,—they

His loyal heart, in times of stress, gave strength and hope and cheer;

Rich wisdom, in his loving words, dispelled grim doubt and fear.

His trusting faith to heal the sick was oft made manifest; I

Through true humility, sincere, his faith was richly blest.

How brave the heart of father dear! Warm strength of courage flowed

In veins of manly dauntlessness, his acts the hero showed.

andHis thoughtful insight deep and true, judgment—sound clear—proved were few.The cautious words of counsel given like father's—there

Around the hearth, his warmth of love, his smile and kindly care

Were richly felt in wealth of cheer, by all assembled there.

The greatest gifts he left to us were not in wealth or fame,

But rich endowments of his life, and truly honored name.

Carrie Tanner A NAVAJO INDIAN FIRE DANCE

By Lucy G. Bloomfield

Only once in a long time is this great dance or celebration of the Navajos staged. For one reason it takes about $500 to finance

it, and then, too, it is only held in the late autumn months when there is the least possible danger of an electric storm. The lightning at this

time is to the Navajo the voice of the great Spirit in reproof of the motives for the fire dance.

To begin with there must be a patient. The curing of some

ailment real or imaginary is the first factor in the proceeding.

I will tell you of the one I was privileged to attend, it being the best and largest that was ever known to be held in this part of the reservation. I have since attented others but they were not half

so excellent or large. There has only been four of the fire dances

held in this section of the reservation in the last twelve years since we came to live in Navajo land.

In Navajo land, as well as in most places, "Money makes the mare go."The first I heard of the dance was a petition for financial assistance. I contributed $5 which pleased the big medicine

men very much and straightway I received an invitation to attend.

I find on inquiry that the last night of the nine is the best.

There are nine nights of the celebration, and verily they have worked themselves up to great frenzy by the last night. The poor patient

is about "all in,"and spends the time she is not on show, in sleeping.

This particular fire dance was held in order to drive from the body of a young married girl the Chinde or devil with which she was possessed. The bear and coyote are to the Navajo, reincarnated bad

Navajos who are punished by being born in a bear or coyote body.

They have a strange belief that they then have the power to possess any person with a devil if they do not like them.

Well this unlucky girl was on the trail through the woods to visit her sister, one day, when she met a big brown bear in the trail.

It rose on it's hind legs and would not move, so, of course, the maiden did the moving. She was quite certain that it raised it's front paw

and pronounced a curse upon her and her unborn child.

Yanapah and her relatives were very much worried for fear the baby would never arrive safely and, to tell the truth, when it did arrive it was a frail mite and the mother did not gain strength as she should. Cause a-plenty for the fire dance. To drive from the mother

and babe the Chinde with which the bear had possessed them.

So, a council was held in a deep canyon and the date for ceremony decided on.

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Copyright by William Pennington, 13 59 Oak Grove Ave., Los Angeles, Calif.

"A Council was held in a deep canyon"

The last and great ninth night happened to be on the 31st of

October. Incidentally Halloween night, and very fitting for the

strange and weird scenes we were to witness e're another sun arose.

Into a lumber wagon, seventeen strong, we piled, like sardines in a can, only set on end, and away, we jolted just at dusk to witness the performance. Three grown, white people and seven children in

all. The balance of our crowd was Navajo neighbors.

The coyotes howl at us as we pass, jolting along. After a few

miles of jolting we are not all on end but rather settled. Our dear

little Navajo nurse girl has settled quite appropriately into the arms of her dark eyed lover. The country teacher has gathered some of her

younger flock under her wing and they are dozing contentedly.

To please my dark friends, I made an Indian squaw costume;

black velvet shirt, with a blueflowered calico skirt with eighteen widths in it. The more widths the more stylish the skirt. I borrowed from our trading store the pawns of our Indian customers.

Strapped around my waist I had a large silver belt. Bracelets and

strings of beads completed the trim. Of course, my hair I did into

a wad, low on my neck, and tied it with twisted yarn. A big,

fringed "Pendelton"shawl completed the layout. Baby Ruth (one

year old) had to go along because there was no one home to leave her with. So I made a "Papoose"or rather 'Away"out of her and

A NAVAJO INDIAN FIRE DANCE 907

Copyright by William Pennington, 1359 Oak Grove Ave., Los Angeles, Calif

A Navajo Indian Hogan strapped her on my back all of which pleased my dusky friends very much. In fact I felt like quite a side show, the way they gathered

around to approve, comment and criticise me. One old friend says,

"That's my belt,"and another, "Give me my beads I want to look pretty, too."The final verdict was that I was their friend or I would

not dress like them.

But I am getting ahead of our journey. As the road makes a

turn around a hill we catch sight of hundreds of small camp fires around which are moving just waiting for the perfigures—Navajos,

formance to start.

As we near the place we are met by a guide who shows us where to stop our wagon. Out we pile, and then commence to "see things."

The first we see is an immense corral made of cedar and juniper boughs and trees. It is built in a circle about as large as four

city blocks with entrance, or gate, always to the east. The walls of

the corral are about ten feet high and very densely made, so it cannot be seen through. In the center of the corral is an immense "wood

pile."The wood is trimmed up trees, all set on end and slightly

sloping toward the center. The pile is solid and about forty feet in

diameter. Mostly composed of pitch pine.

Soon after our arrival the fires were lighted. Around the inside of the corral there are fifteen small fires and the audience is seated,

or rather squatted, around much like an amphitheatre. The night is

-08 IMPROVEMENT ERA

- ******* -*3

1''.,.., M

pu*. j firvI'g'fl9 jMBjif.,*;.. sS 1 sw

"v WL 3 sH 'SK?.'- ft.*'''B alt

BPjBBBBr.--*.

B J"'3 -, --..-.-;'-.. '--v*.'

8*:""** BMBI bBSHB S

Copyright by William Pennington, 13 59 Oak Grove Ave., Los Angeles, Calif

A Scene in New Mexico. A Council in the Desert

very chilly and the small fires feel comfortable until the big fire gets to going.

There are more than fifteen hundred Navajos in attendance.

At a signal from the Chief, or Natana, every one ceases talking;

and, while the fire is getting under way, the Natana gives his big talk.

It is almost unbelievable but every word of the Chief can be heard plainly all over the corral. Every one is so quiet.

He is a grand old man and is dearly beloved by every one, both red and white.

He exhorted all present to put faith in the power of the medicine men that they may be able to cure the sick maiden. He then gave

them a rousing good sermon, on the kind of lives they all should lead, telling them to be industrious, build up their herds, take good care of their children, and teach them to be honest and industrious. He

exhorted the weavers to make better blankets, so they will get more for their rugs. He told them to set a good example of honesty and

truthfulness before their children, so the tribe would grow better and stronger. In fact, he delivered an excellent sermon in Navajo.

By this time the small children are all sleepy, so they are tucked to bed in the wagons.

We are shown to a good place on the side of the fire, where the smoke will not blind us, and are given sheep skins to sit on. We find

we are favored by being very close to the patient and the eight medicine men.

A NAVAJO INDIAN FIRE DANCE 909

By this time the fire is simply roaring, and the whole corral is so warm one thinks of Dante's Inferno. The quiet still maintains,

and, aside frpm the roar of the fire, not a sound is heard, till, hark!

from somewhere in the distance we hear the long low whistle of announcement. As it grows louder and nearer we hear a low rumble or

chant. Then all of a sudden the dancers are before us. Twentyfour

of them, and a dazzling sight they are. As they enter the gates of

the corral, they give a mighty warwhoop. It might not have been

a warwhoop but was surely a mighty whoop, enough to curdle one's blood.

The performance is on, and is more than pen can describe.

Twentyfour tall young braves with their hair flying in the wind, their naked brown bodies painted in gortesque figures, with white clay, and each decked with a girdle of bright colored ribbons fastened to various kinds of skins are there, all have fox tails tied behind which switch and wave in a very wierd manner. Every one is a little different,

since the fancies of each led all to deck themselves. The old fashioned

"geestring"was of. course indispensable. From the belt or girdle

were hanging many bright ornaments. Some fastened small looking

glasses or mirrors to their bright belts which sparkled most beautifully in the fire light.

The first performance was a dance in a running line around the fire. Counted the bravest and the strongest, is the one who can get

the closest to the fire, and touch the flames with his feathered wand, or arrow. The bravest this time almost paid for the honor with his

hair which caught on fire and great was the snatching and patting till it was extinguished.

Unlike most all other dances of the Navajos, the fire dance is not monotonous. The performance changes about every hour all night.

My memory will not serve me well enough to attempt to describe all the changes, so I will tell of those which impressed me most.

After the twentyfour had danced and sung till it seemed they must drop from exhaustion, they danced out of the gate into the darkness, and in a few minutes a new performance was staged.

During the interval between performances the eight medicine men took up the chant and with inverted baskets on top ot which they held a notched stick, they made a peculiar rumbling noise by rubbing up and down on the notches all the time singing the chant.

The patient was then led out in full view of the audience and seated on a spread robe. The medicine men gave her a very strange

treatment. Two of them work in unison over her while the others

continue to chant. With eagle feathers they touch her head then

point the feathers at a certain star in the sky and give a loud whoop.

This is repeated by touching her arms, back, stomach and legs, and finally ending with her toes and a mighty whoop, all of which is to frighten the Chinde from her body. They believed that the real

910 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Copyright by William Pennington, 13 59 Oak Grove Ave., Los Angeles, Calif.

A Shepherdess and Her Flock, New Mexico

Chinde is in the mother and that the babe is only affected by drinking the mother's milk and that as soon as the mother is all right the babe will be also, which is perhaps quite a true philosophy after all.

The girl is again led back to her sheep skin and is asleep in a wink.

The twentyfour dancers then return this time dancing in pairs, and singing a different chant.

Around one o'clock a halt is called and every one feasted on corn bread, flourcakes fried in grease, boiled beef, and coffee with sugar.

After the remains of the feast is cleared away, the dance commences again. Some of the changes are very graceful and pretty, while

others are fearful and make one think of barbarism.

One of the changes I remember distinctly was of a young lad, around twelve years of age, and a very tall brave. They danced

literally covered with ribbons, beads, feathers, and shining trinkets.

They had on caps of orange, and dyed angora wool still on the hide.

The caps were fashioned with horns on each side and looked very hideous. In their hands they carried a sort of framework made of

crisscrossed willows and from every cross was hanging feathers and bright ribbons. One in each hand they would hold the wands high

above their heads and dance and bow to each other very gracefully, all the while keeping time to the chant of the eight medicine men.

A NAVAJO INDIAN FIRE DANCE 911

As the fire burned low, it was replenished from time to time, and the fifteen small fires were kept going for warmth. Save for the

occasional cry of a tired baby, the silence prevailed.

Only one lady, or squaw, is permitted to take part in a fire dance.

She took part in one of the changes that can best be described as a

Virginia reel or old fashioned square dance, or quadrille.

I talked to the Navajo maiden, for whom the dance was held, whose name is Yanapah Hushclish Eyazzie, and asked her if she was pretty -tired and she said, "Oh yes! awfully tired, but I am going

to get well now, and that will pay for all the loss of sleep and the expense, and my husband and father and mother will be glad, and I can raise my baby."

The performance ceases only with the rising of the sun when all wend their way home, or hoganward, tired and sleepy, but well paid for all the effort of going.

I connot conclude my narrative without adding the fact that either through their great faith, or Mother Nature's help, the maiden gained strength, and in the course of a few weeks was well and happy, and her baby is as fat as only a Navajo papoose can become. And

that is almost round.

Toadlena, New Mexico

A Tryst Loftily the sun, in a hazy sky

Sinks in the West, and the day's gone by;

Rich and red are the beams that rest

On the mossy hillside's craggy crest;

And I in this wooded glade A tryst with my God have made.

Where else in life could I find

A rest for my tired mind, Save in the solace sweet Of this tryst with my God that I keep,

Where are my friends of yesteryear,

Kinsfolk, and soulsto my own soul dear?

Gone, as the showers on an April day,

Refreshing for an hour, then passed away.

But the friendship of God is ever the same,

And daily, yes, hourly, I breathe his name;

For though I may live so sinfully,

It cannot be said, I live thanklessly.

Where are my friends of yesteryear,

Friends that my own heart held so dear?

Gone with the jollying crowd that throngs,

New faces seeking, new games and new songs,

Few indeed are the ones who care

To sojourn long on the quiet paths where

I trek with my God oft alone.

Belleisle, N B. Canada. ALAN C. REIDPATH.

SEEN BY THE EYE OF FAITH By Albert E. Bowen

[The alumni of the Brigham Young College, Logan, gathered at a banquet there on May 31, 1924, to cherish and foster the memories of their school days and to recall the beginnings of that leading Utah educational institution; and also to revive the fundamental thoughts underlying its

establishment by the great founder of Utah. The author responded to the

toast: "Our Founder"in the words of this eloquent, historical address.

Editors. ] On Wednesday, December 31, 1884, there appeared in the

Deseret News the following announcement:

The News acknowledges with thanks the following invitation from

Logan

The dedication of the Brigham Young College will take place at 12 o'clock (noon) on New Year's Day, January 1, 1885, and the presence of yourself and ladies is desired.

There will also be a complimentary ball given in the evening at Reese Opera

House, to which you are cordially invited.

We congratulate this institution on the completion of so fine a structure, and are gratified to see the advancement made toward putting the college on the high plane which its founder intended it should eventually occupy.

That date marks the completion of the first building owned by the brick building on the it does not mark College—the east—but

the beginnings of the College.

On the 24th day of July, 1877, President Brigham Young conveyed to Brigham Young, Jr., Wm. B. Preston, Milton D. Hammond, Moses Thatcher, C. O. Card, Geo. W. Thatcher and Ida lone

Cook, 9,642.07 acres of land, to be by them held in trust for the

use and benefit of the Brigham Young College in Logan City, the rents, issues and profits thereof to be used for the benefit of the

College.

The conception of the founder concerning the scope and purpose of education is reflected by the following language used by him in the deed of trust:

The beneficiaries of this College shall be members in good standing in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, or shall be the children of such members and the students who shall take a full course shall be taught, if their physical ability will permit, some branch of mechanism that shall be suited to their taste and capacity, and all pupils shall be instructed in reading, penmanship, orthography, grammar, geography and mathematics, together with such other branches as are usually taught in a college of learning, and the Old and New Testament, the Book of Mormon, and the

Book of Doctrine and Covenants, shall be the standard text books, and shall be read and their doctrines inculcated in the College, and, further, no book shall be used that misrepresents or speaks lightly of the Divine Mission of our Savior, or of the. Prophet Joseph Smith, or in any manner advances

ideas antagonistic to the Principles of the Gospel as it is written in the Bible,

Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants.

SEEN BY THE EYE OF FAITH 913

From this it will be noted that all were to be trained in reading, orthography, grammar, geography, mathematics and such other branches as are usually taught in a college of learning; all were to

be trained in reverence for the Redeemer of the world and God's word was to be heard. In addition to all that, such as were physically fit

were to be taught in some branch of mechanism suited to the taste and capacity of the individual.

This latter provision marks more of a departure from the usually conceived function of the school than the provisions which hand gone before. It was nothing new that the perpetuation of religion should be one of the moving reasons for the founding of a

school. It had been common enough that schools should be founded

primarily upon the religious motive. Harvard was founded in 1636

"that the light of learning might not go out, nor the study of God's word perish."But perhaps even the religious motive had been rather

the providing of a place where those designed for the ministry might acquire the learning that would enable them to read the Scriptures, than the providing of an opportunity for the laity as well to acquire that independent power. The provision for teaching pupils in some

branch of his way of voicing the necessity as he mechanism—merely

felt it for industrial at once that Brigham Young education—shows

conceived the true purpose of education to be a preparation to meet and live life in all its phases. School was not to be a place where boys

and girls were divorced from life, but a place where they met life and prepared for all of its tasks; the school was to be a place leading

directly to the door of the shop, or the home, or to the gate of the farm.

But that is not all. In his anxiety for this practical preparation for

the every day business of life the founder of the school did not lose his sense of proportion nor the measure of relative values.

Certain basic, mental and spiritual training was to be given to all, but mechanism was to be taught according to taste and capacity and physical fitness. It is not necessary to a fulness of life

that all should be artisans, mechanics, or specialists in the professions;

these all are necessary to the comfort, convenience and enjoyment of man and can be ministered by one to the other. But it is indispensably necessary to every individual that he have the mental awakening, the spiritual quickening which make him responsive to the needs

of the human race and the ultimate purpose in man's being. These

no one may depend upon another for; they are primary, individual

necessities, and Brigham Young recognized that a school must provide for them. He has given us a most sound and comprehensive

definition of education. "Education,"said he, "is the power to think

clearly, the power toact well in the world's work, and the power to appreciate life."

It was his purpose therefore to provide a system of education which should put men into possession of all these powers.

914 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Brigham Young was a lover of learning and of culture in all their manifestations. He was himself of too heroic a mold ever to be

a heroworshiper, but inso-far as he may be said to have had reverance for any earthly achievement, he probably venerated above all else in men the superior power and grace which came to them by reason of superior scholastic attainment. It is common to humanity that onj

looks with something akin to reverence upon those of his fellows who have been given the fruits of life for which his own soul has hungered, but which life has in a measure withheld from him.

Brigham Young was born and reared in pioneer conditions, he knew privation and hardship. He is said to have had but 1 1 days of schooling in his life. He had, morever an aquisitive mind. He loved truth

and was ever in search of it. It is but natural, then, that he should

have found comfort and satisfaction in the conversation and society of men of culture and learning. It is but natural, too, that he should

have been anxious to put opportunities for learning and culture in the way of the people whom he led.

Brigham Young was the kind of a man who would be educated if there were no schools and no books, but he was far too wise to argue from this, as a lesser man might have done, that schools are not necessary.

In nothing did Brigham Young demonstrate his claim to leadership and greatness more completely than in his anxiety and solicitude for putting the means of learning in the way of his people. This

matter seems to have weighed heavily upon his mind. From a volume

of the Contributor we read, "President Young being very desirous to have the school (The Brigham Young College) organized at once, had made arrangements for the purchase of the Logan Branch of Zion's

Mercantile Institution, which was to be fitted up for a college, but not living to consummate this plan, no further attempts were made to organize the college until September, 1878, when rooms were rented in the City Hall."He had fitted up and conducted a private

school for his own family to which many of the neighbor's children were admitted. He had fostered the establishment of other schools

including the State University, but it was impracticable, and probably impossible for the people in remote parts of the territory to come to these schools, hence he determined to take the schools to the people, thus evidencing his solicitude for the welfare of all. During the

journeyings of his people to the West schools were kept up at their temporary resting places. Arrived here, his advice was to build

schools before churches where circumstances would not permit of both.

He seems to have had a plan for three schools to be maintained for the at Salt Lake City, for the endowing of Church—one

which he made provision in his will, one for the South at Provo, and one for the North at Logan.

A Republic must depend for its success and perpetuity upon

SEEN BY THE EYE OF FAITH 915

the intelligence of its citizenship. Only an enlightened people can be

a free or selfgoverning people. He desired his people to become a

truthloving, intelligent, selfgoverning people, inspired to right living by an understanding of and a veneration for principles of eternal truth.

The value of the work done in this respect by Brigham Young cannot, perhaps, be fully appraised. We do know that these schools have

exerted a profound influence upon the communities where their influence has been wielded and upon the lives of numberless individuals.

We who are gathered here tonight, who have studied here, believe that this institution has performed worthily and well the mission it was intended by its founder to fill; we believe the good it has done has

justified all that it cost and that this school has fulfilled the hopes and expectations of its great founder.

There are those here tonight whose memories carry them back to the day, 46 years ago, when the Brigham Young College rented rooms in the City Hall and offered one year of instruction. These

have watched the institution change from being a homeless tenant to being the owner of this superb site and these splendid buildings.

They remember that, however elementary we may think its work then was, the Brigham Young College represented the highest educational ideal that the community knew. It invited young people to a

training a little better than was elsewhere available. It inspired them

to further achievement.

What was true in the beginning continued to be true as time advanced. Year by year, as conditions generally improved, and our

elementary schools improved so that they could do much of the work at first done by the college, the college in its turn grew, eliminating what the grades could do, keeping ever a little ahead, inviting always a little further. Thus the Church, including its school system, has

been in the state a forerunner; it has been as the voice of one crying

in the wilderness.

The happy part about it all is that the people have responded to the invitation issued to take part in the increased advantages offered.

As the College raised its standard both as to entrance and graduation requirements, the demands for its increased work increased. When

the high school was put upon a fouryear basis the number seeking that much training was greater in the ratio of eight to one than the number originally demanding one year of more elementary training.

Now suppose there had been no Brigham Young College. Would

there have been that same advance in desire for improvement? Clearly

not. Improvement is like everything else; the desire for it has to be

inspired before it can take place, and it takes opportunity to suggest possibility and to beget desire. Therein lies the great difference

between great leaders, such as Brigham Young, and the ordinary rank and file of humanity. No one can have a desire for that which

his mind has not conceived. To the great leader is vouchsafed the

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA

power of apparently original conception, whereas to the ordinary individual conception comes from some tangible presence offering suggestion. Thus it is that the presence of that which leads to and

suggests worthy conceptions, begets noble desires and these in turn find expression in exalted achievement. Take away the elevating

and inspiring influences from a community and that community degenerates. Bring back the inspiration, let it be represented by a tangible,

concrete opportunity, and you will surely find people struggling to attain.

Blessed is that community which has in its midst influences which impregnate its atmosphere with the germs of noble impulse, which its youth must breathe. The Brigham Young College has

radiated such influence; it has surcharged the atmosphere with incentive to better living and more worthy achievement. Young men

fifty and a hundred miles away felt its inspiration and have been drawn to it, and they in turn have blessed others. The sphere of its

influence is as extensive as the wanderings of those who have attended it. Every man who has established his home and lived here has been

blessed by it, whether he has ever crossed its threshold or not, 'because it has raised the tone of the communal life about, and has made his home a better place to dwell.

The whole business of a school is to make man, and man make communities and states and nations. Perhaps the most important

thing a school does for the individual is to put him into possession of his own powers, to introduce him to himself. God gives us our

talents, but it is left to us to put them out to usury and increase them.

Young people are usually not conscious of their own powers. They

do not know their own possibilities. The school which does its

duty by its attendants discovers to them the dignity of their own being and day by day puts them into consciousness of their own strength.

It extends their horizon, gives them a bigger vision, and teaches them to see the real work of the world, and their relationship to that work. In the language of Brigham Young, it imparts to them "the

power to think clearly, the power to act well in the world's work, and the power to appreciate life."

If this school has been the means of developing one great man, of giving the awakening impulse to one great life, it has justified its existence and has rewarded its founder, for the life of one great man is worth more in the world than the cattle on the thousand hills.

The history of the epochmaking periods of the world's advancement is the story of the lives of the men who have dominated those epochs. In Cromwell's time the King of France said to his great minister, "Shall we interefere in the troubled affairs of England?"

"No, Sire"was the reply, "we will not interfere in England for a great man is there arisen."So, too, it might be said that the periods

in the lives of nations that have been shameful and disastrous, have been

SEEN BY THE EYE OF FAITH 9 1 7

those periods characterized by a poverty of strong men. During the

middle years of the 18 th century, England suffered humiliation and disaster at home and abroad. Then arose William Pitt, the great

commoner, and led his nation to victory. His name became a name

to conjure with. Its very mention struck dismay into the hearts of

England's enemies. During the progress of his triumphs a continental

contemporary exclaimed, "England has at length brought forth a man."

What would be the history of Europe during the early years of the 19th century if you were to blot out the life of Napoleon? How

could there have been a reformation without a Luther? What would

have become of the Revolution without our own Washington? What

would be the history of Utah if you were to take from it the lifework of Brigham Young?

In the dark hours of suffering and distress, of poverty and want, he stood a tower of strength to his people. With that splendid poise

of character which is the "last lesson of culture,"he stood serene and calm, unmoved by the vicissitudes of time or the exigencies of occasion. Sustained by a faith at once simple and awful in its sublimity, he inspired courage, fortitude, and determination in the hearts

and souls of his distressed and suffering people. Let me give you one

single instance of the simplicity and the grandeur of that faith, of that splendid poise of character, which inspired his followers with confidence and fired them with zeal for the cause in which they believed.

The Armies of the United States were approaching the City, being sent here to harrass the people. With the memory of their

previous drivings still fresh within them, with the burden of their past sufferings and distress still heavy upon them, one may well imagine the solicitude with which they viewed this new peril. They looked for

guidance to Brigh*am Young. On Sunday, October 4, 1857, he

walked into the meeting in the bowery and addressed the people in this language:

As but few can be in our offices to learn the news that is brought in, 1 will say that on the 2nd, Friday last, a messenger arrived with intelligence that the soldiers were going up Ham's to that I had Fork,—previous

sent by Lt. Gen'l Wells a copy of the proclamation proclaiming martial law

and ordering the troops not to come here. They treated it as I presumed

they would. They say that they are sent by the President, are subject to

superior officers, and intend to abide their instructions, and I expect that they will, until some other power checks their progress.

The brethren are well and the Spirit of peace and contentment rests upon them. They are doing their duties, living to and serving their God,

I do not know that anybody's heart burns, except it is to get a little nearer to our enemies; and for the troops to undertake to come in here,

well, we are in the hands of the Lord our God, and he will overrule things just as he pleases. Many want to know what the result will be, and they

want the Lord to give them revelation. Get revelation if you can. I have

told you before, and I can tell you now, that the result will be that "Mormonism"will be higher and greater in power and influence than ever it was before. Our enemies will sink while we will increase in power and strength

918 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and enjoy an influence that we never enjoyed before, and the Lord will have his own way in bringing about these things. I know that all will be made

right, and an allwise, overruling Providence will bring us off victorious.

He has led us to victory and peace and has given us power and influence that we can sustain ourselves, and I believe that it is the calculation of all to sustain themselves against all that can come to annoy, destroy, desolate and drive the Saints of God. God will fight our battles, and he will do it

just as he pleases.

You know that it is one peculiarity of our faith and religion never to ask the Lord to do a thing without being willing to help him all that we are able, and then the Lord will do the rest.

Such a leader was Brigham Young. Can any wonder at the

devotion of his followers? How could a people so led do other than

succeed?

Bancroft, deducing some lessons taught by history, said:

That God rules in the affairs of men is as certain as any truth of physical science. On the great moving Power which is from the beginning

hangs the world of the senses and the world of thought and action. Eternal

wisdom marshals the great procession of the nations, working in patient continuity through the ages, never halting and never abrupt, encompassing all events in its oversight, and ever affecting its will, though mortals may slumber in apathy or oppose with madness. Kings are lifted up or thrown

down, nations come and go, republics flourish and wither, dynasties pass away like a tale that is told; but nothing is by chance, though men, in

their ignorance of causes, may think so. The deeds of time are governed,

as well as judged, by the decrees of eternity. The caprice of fleeting existences bends to the immovable Omnipotence, which plants its foot on all the

centuries and has neither change of purpose nor repose. Sometimes, like a

messenger, through the thick darkness of night, it steps along mysterious ways; but when the hour strikes for a people, or for mankind, to pass

into a new form of being, unseen hands draw the bolts from the gates of futurity; an allsubduing influence prepares the minds of men for the

coming revolution; those who plan resistance find themselves in conflict

with the will of Providence rather than with human devices; and all hearts

and all understandings, most of all the opinions and influences of the unwilling are wonderfully attracted and compelled to bear forward the change, which becomes more an obedience to the law of universal nature than submission to the arbitrament of man.

What Bancroft deduced as a lesson of history Brigham Young saw by the eye of faith. But he did more. Bancroft had learned

that when the hour strikes for a people, or for mankind, to pass into a new form of being, unseen hands draw the bolts from the gates of futurity * * * *; those who plan resistance find themselves in conflict with the will of Providence rather than with human

devices and all hearts and all understandings, most of all the opinions and influences of the unwilling, are wonderfully attracted and compelled to bear forward the change, which becomes more an obedience to the law of universal nature than submission to the arbitrament of man. Brigham Young with a composure and serenity born of

faith grown perfect, knew that all this was true with concrete reference to his own people and their cause. He knew that a fateful hour in

the march of time had struck, and that it was in the Divine purSEEN BY THE EYE OF FAITH 919

pose that his people should be preserved and their cause made triumphant. His very assurance and daring command our admiration.

Not only did he meet and overcome the troubles of the hour, but with the eye of a seer he looked far into the future, and laid the foundations for the development and perpetuation here of a libertyloving, free and enlightened people.

We, gathered here tonight, are the beneficiaries of his wisdom and his vision. Here memories are wakened of the days when,

conscious of our growing powers, and filled with the daring courage and hopefulness of youth, we dreamed dreams of worthy achievement and vowed vows of noble endeavor. Here we received our inspiration;

here we builded our castles. It is fitting that now, on the eve of the

anniversary of his birth, we pay tribute to our illustrious founder.

We like the man who faces what he must,

With a step triumphant, and a heart of cheer,

Who fights the daily battle without fear;

Sees his hopes fail, yet keeps the unfaltering trust true and just That God is God,—that somehow,

His plans work out for mortals. Not a tear

Is shed when fortune, which the world holds dear,

Falls from his grasp. Better with love, a crust

Than living in dishonor. Envies not

Nor loses faith in man, but does his best.

Nor even murmurs at his humble lot,

But with a smile and words of hope, gives zest

To every toiler, he alone is great.

Who by a life heroic conquers fate.—Selected.

A Sabbath Reading

Soothingly, in the spirit of the day,

In peace, in joy, control thyself.

The hours are thine: their culture thine.

It is a day divinely blest, While from mankind a universal prayer

Wells up o'er all the earth;

When hymns, in all the praise of love

That voice and music both together give,

Rise like a pleasant incense, and declare

To God and angels man's fidelity.

Yet give thy heart to prayer!

Yet sing thy psalm of praise!

Yet help the weak and timid in their faith!

For we must bear each other's burdens

Loving Christ, our Lord!

And when the quiet moments, fading down

Within the gloaming, merge into the night,

Know thou, thyself, one day nearer heaven!

Joseph Longking Townsend.

THE SILVER DISC By David Horatio Morgan

Two boys rode along a rocky trail in northern Arizona that zigzags in and out among the low cedars. Before them they drove

their pack mules loaded with bedding and camp supplies. At a point

where the trail forks and swings abruptly to the right and down the side of a long ridge descending from the very breast of Muscal mountain the boys drew rein.

The taller boy produced a watch from beneath his chaps, saying, "Dub, shall we go by Uncle Jake Corwin's place, water our horses and say hello?"

"Might as well, Sleepy,"came the laconic reply, "he'll be glad to see even a yellow dog. He's lived in there alone ever since I can

remember."In the sun in front of the cabin snuggling under ageold cedars, two little girls and a lesser boy were playing. The table was set

for company. Mud pies and cakes were heaped at every broken bit

of china plate; stones and bits of sticks served as meat and vegetables.

There was a sag in the guests were delayed. merriment—the

Above towered the mountains. Everywhere there were silent trees—a

wilderness as God had made it. From the blue sky there came the

solitary "gwk"of a raven as he craned his long neck downward looking for bones to pick.

"I wish Mama would hurry and get well so that we could have something real to eat."So spoke the taller girl and she placed her

thin hands where she felt uncomfortable.

The two young cowboys swung into the trail, leading the mules from among the cedars. At the spring they let the animals drink.

A little way beyond stood the weatherbeaten cabin sagging against a great boulder at one corner; the mudthatched chimney just rising

above the trees.

"Dub, I reckon we better not stop,"said Sleepy, his gray eyes studying the cabin door. "It looks as if Uncle Jake had enough

company already. I wonder who it is, and how did those kids ever

get in is thirty miles to Prescott."here—it

They did not stop but as they rode slowly by they saw the thin pale faces and the big round eyes of the children. Through the open

window upon a bed they saw the wasted face of the mother, and the sunken eyes looking in wonder out upon her children and the silent world beyond.

The boys were not bold although courageous; they were not

audacious but, perhaps, shy. Had they stopped with their well filled

THE SILVER DISC 921

packs they might have relieved some of the suffering which they saw but did not realize.

"I wonder what has happened, I never knew Uncle Jake to take in anyone before, and there was a woman and three kids anyhow,"

Sleepy said, as he jogged along, his spurs jingling a tune..

"From what I saw it would take three to make one,"was Dub's comment.

There was a clatter of horse feet behind them and the boys turned in their saddles half expecting to see some one from the cabin coming for them.

Nick Hoag rode up on a big sorrel his lariat coiled loosely over the horn of his saddle. He was a big rough man of domineering

proclivities. His greeting would have been intimidating to a stranger

but the boys knew him almost as much as they disliked him.

"Well, what are you young fellows doing in here, you are on my range?"he bellowed, addressing himself more to Sleepy.

"We're going back in here to gather the rest of the remnant of

J P cows you sold me. That's the way we agreed isn't it?"Sleepy

answered, his gray eyes narrowing.

"Well you don't need to go any farther for there's nothing in there. Besides you have already gathered more than you will ever

be able to pay for, and you have another payment due next month."

He had sold the cattle in the first place believing that he would get a few payments in money and then the cattle back in default, but Sleepy had known this, too.

"Well, Mr. Hoag, if you are in a hurry for that next installmen and will discount it, I will give you a check for it now,"

Sleepy drawled as though he had a million in the bank. There was

a twinkle of victory in his eye.

When Nick Hoag had turned aside from the trail and the boys rode on, Sleepy said, "If I just had fifteen hundred dollars more I'd love to show it up under that fellow's nose and hear him howl how I was stinging him."

"The quickest way to get that much money is to just find it, or find something else that will sell. I haven't lost any cattle and

am not looking for any money and I'm not going to buy a horse that I can't ride."Dub was always sour but he would have followed Sleepy up and down the equator just to be with him.

The boys rode on for some time in silence. They were getting

following old gamedeeper and deeper into the wilderness—sometimes

trails, or where the horses found better footing.

"The more I think of it, the more I want to get money enough to pay for these cattle as soon as possible,"lamented Sleepy for he was thinking of Nick Hoag.

Finally Dub volunteered, "I reckon we are pretty close to where that old mine was lost."

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sleepy checked his horse and searching Dub's face for encouragement asked, "How would you like to take a look for it? They

say it is here somewhere within ten miles, lost in a manzanita patch."

"Fine chance we would have of finding Jake has been it—Uncle

twenty years trying it; besides there is no manzanita on this side of

the mountain,"Dub hazarded, impatient to be going on.

That's just why no one has ever found the Old Silver Disc fire burned off the manzanita, we'll look in the catclaw brush."

on a cow hunt.""Well, now, who said we would?—I'm

"Well, I don't much like to go alone but I am terribly in need of some money."

Dub considered this for a moment then consented. "I don't need

any money but I am willing to take half. Lead on, you are no good

as a cowhand anyhow."

They rode through several patches of catclaw brush and Dub was ready to abandon the new adventure. Climbing a rocky ridge

and upon a little mesa they came to a dense growth of lodge pole pines and catclaws. First tieing up the mules the boys started to

ride through but the bramble soon became so thick they decided to turn back. But the horses could not turn around. Dub was in the

lead and finally fought his way through into an open space of about an acre. Here there was little brush but a luxuriant growth of mountain grass. In the center of the space was a mound of considerable

size and Sleepy cried in excitement, "This is her; this is the Silver

Disc as sure as shooting!"

They soon found the old shaft; the cedar timbers for the most

part were standing well in place.

"I'm going down and see what's below,"announced Sleepy after an examination revealed nothing of value in the mound of rocks. "How you going to do it?"Dub inquired, "It's a long way to

jump down and jump out again."He was always humorously

contrary.

The hole some thirty feet deep was indeed spooky looking—dark,

damp and littered with rotten timbers and rubbish.

A stout pole was thrown across the mouth of the old mine and a lariat tossed over.

"Fetch do better,"directed Sleepy at the same Ginger—he'll

time preparing to slide down the rope.

Dub shook his head belligerently but there was a ring of humor in his voice; "Now see here, fellow, you are not going to take any

horse of mine down in that hole!"

"Go on with you!"drawled Sleepy as he let himself hand over

hand down the rope, "You know I want him to pull me out."

It was some time before Sleepy's eyes became accustomed to the subdued light. Dub lying on his stomach looked down intently.

THE SILVER DISC 923

Almost instantly there was a fierce rattling and Sleepy yelled, "Oh boy, a rattler!"

"Can you see him; can you get a shot?"Dub asked as Sleepy

drew a pistol from his chaps'pocket converted into a holster.

was in a precarious position. The moment was intense—Sleepy

The old mine was ghostly, a harbor for snakes and bats. The air

was damp and foul as a breath from the jumble of rotten timbers.

Sleepy cried, "I see him, a big old fat one! and he began

maneuvering for deliberate aim.

nerves were strung Dub watched wideeyed and breathless—his

for Sleepy's safety. His attention was at the bottom of the hole

he had quite forgotten Ginger standing so very near. The horse, too,

had scented danger and without warning gave a loud blast through his nose.

So sudden and unexpected was the thunder to Dub that he almost jumped into the hole, at the same time knocking down several stones which fell with a dull thud upon Sleepy and the soggy timbers below.

Sleepy yelled, "What you trying to do throwing stones down here can't kill him that way!"—you

Dub regaining composure saw the humor of the situation. "All

right, go ahead and waste your amunition, I won't try to help you!"

Presently Sleepy announced that there was a tunnel leading off to one side and that the whole place seemed creepy and crawly.

Again taking steady aim he pulled the trigger.

Dub saw a stream of fire squirt out from the gun, followed by a tremendous roar as of a bursting cannon commingled with the flutter and flapping of mighty wings. Instantly all was hidden by a

cloud of smoke, but out of the haze something shot past Dub's ear swift as a musket ball then another and another, and before he could get his head to safety one of the somethings struck him, plumb in the eye! It was about the size of your and downy, clinging fist—soft

to his face. He struck. It squealed, bit him in the ear, and flew

away. "Bats!"he growled in disgust.

Then Sleepy yelled, "Wah! wah!"

Without intimation of his own mishap, Dub shielded one eye and calmly called down, "Did. you get him Sleepy?"

"Get him? I can't see anything! Wow; this hole is full of

flyin'snakes. Wow; one's bitin'the back of my neck, and one's up

my pant's leg!"

Dub chuckled at his companion's predicament for well he knew that Sleepy could take care of himself under any ordinary circumstances.

"Throw down something to make a fire to drive out this powder smoke so that I can see,"called up Sleepy.

This was done and soon Dub heard Sleepy picking at the rock back in the tunnel.

Presently Sleepy stood at the bottom of the shaft holding some924. IMPROVEMENT ERA

thing in his hat. "All right,"he said, "pull me out."At the same

time putting his foot into the loop on the end of the rope.

Dub was curious, "What have you in the hat, bat's eggs?'

"What do you know about bats?"Sleepy asked irritably.

Dub shielded his eye and with a grin said, "Oh, nothing,"and drew back.

Fastening one end of the lariat to the horn of Ginger's saddle

Dub mounted shouting, "Coming up!"

Sleepy had a hat full of silver, tarnished and specimens—native

muddy.

Excitedly they tested the ore with their knives and Sleepy almost yelled with joy, "That's her; we've found Silver her—the

Disc."Then for the first time he noticed Dub's eye and asked, "What's the matter with your eye, it's almost shut and turning black?"

Dub evaded the truth saying, "Oh nothing; they most always

get big that way when I get excited or scared."

"Yes, I know all about that, but what is that blood on your ear?"

Then with a chuckle he added, "You ought to have one crawl up your pantleg if you want to feel something funny."

Selecting the best from among the specimens the boys concealed them in chaps pockets and started back for the ranch. All interest in

hunting cattle at the pesent was put aside; filing papers to secure their

claim was vastly more important.

Nearing the isolated cabin of Old Uncle Jake Corwin the boys were surprised to hear some one call out in a voice of desparation, "Oh, God, give me power to find the Silver Disc what Pard and me lost thirty years ago. I ain't got nothing to keep his grandchildren is hungry ****]"on—they

Dub looked at Sleepy and said simply, "Uncle Jake."

Slowly they rode on to the cabin and dismounted, hardly speaking yet each knew the other's mind.

Presently Uncle Jake Terril came up, his shoulders drooping with the years but his head was erect and his kindly blue eyes were bright he had conversed with his Creator. Greeting the boys he invited

them into the long white hair and beard shining in the cabin—his

sunlight. "No, thank you, Uncle Jake,"Sleepy said, "We won't go in now, we just wanted to show you some ore we found this morning."

He received the ore at first with some indifference but when he realized what it was the feeble hands grew shaky with excitement.

Reverently he raised his white head to the sky saying, "Thank God,

I have found it before it is too late."

To the boys he said, "Ah, I know the ore, it's from the old mine where the Indians drove Pard and me out. His daughter is in

the cabin and them is his grandchildren."

THE SILVER DISC 925

"Is it very rich?"Dub inquired.

The question somehow brought the realization to Uncle Jake that he had not been the one to find the lost mine. Slowly the head

bent forward; the chin upon his breast. The toil bent fingers relaxed letting the ore slip heedlessly to the ground.

old!"He moaned in his agon>. "Too late—too

The boys studied Uncle Jake in his dejection. Then Sleepy

sought Dub's face for confirmation and said, "Get ready, Uncle Jake, and we'll show you where it is. We'll leave our packs here; there is lots

of stuff in them, and the folks can cook some chuck while we're gone."

Together the boys pulled the packs off the mules at the cabin door, and gave the provisions to the children to carry within.

Jake riding one When all were ready the three started—Uncle

of the mules. All the way the old man kept up a ceaseless revery of

Pard, the Indians, the lost mine, and the years of fruitless search.

At last when they rode into the little open space and Uncle Jake realized where he was, he went around to all the old familiar places, patting the trees and talking to them and telling them that Pard was dead. At one tree near the edge of the little clearing, the place where

had been their old camp, Uncle Jake kneeled down and began scraping back the litter of cedar leaves until he uncovered a flat stone. This he

turned over and began tugging at a black and tarnished circular piece which taxed his muscles to lift.

"This is her, boys; Pard and me run her into the old skillet

the silver disc."

"How much is there in that piece, Uncle Jake?"Sleepy asked.

Perhaps he was thinking of Nick Hoag and the cattle.

"There's enough to keep me and Molly and the children for a long time. But this belongs to you found the Old Mine."boys—you

Dub waited but looked at Sleepy who was swallowing hard.

Then with a grin over his self victory he said, "We never found that,

Uncle Jake, and never reckon the old mine and everything would—I

here by rights belongs to you."

Back at the cabin after all had eaten two meals in one, Dub became the business arbitrator. He cared little for an interest in the

mine himself but he knew the sacrifice Sleepy was making, so he said, "I reckon you don't mean to give away my interest in the mine, too.

I am figuring on sticking and helping to work this mine. What I

think would be fair is for each one to take a third interest and give

Uncle Jake all that big chunk of his."silver—it's

This was soon made agreeable and the old miner filled out proper location papers, while the boys hurried back to the ranch for a fresh supply of provisions and equipment to begin work in the old hole.

On the way, Dub with a grin asked, "Sleepy, do you figure we ought to say anything about finding 'flyin'snakef'1x>o?"

Saw telle, Calif.

k A

Effecting a landing at the island of Hikucru, showing the boat, men, and pigs, just after crossing the coral reef.

JOE'S EXPERIENCE WITH JEAN D'ARC

By O. B. Peterson

This was a gospel adventure, not a romance; and the Jean d'Arc

of.which we speak was not the fair damsel who, many decades ago,

led the people of France to victory, but a small gasoline schooner of about thirty tons, which was destined to carry Joe to his new field of labor.

Joe and his companion had crossed the briny deep from San

Francisco on board the steamship Tahiti, a vessel of more than eight thousand tons. This being their first experience at sea, it appeared to

them a small enough boat, to be sure, on which to venture out on the broad Pacific.

They were registered at the headquarters of the Tahitian mission, and Joe was appointed to labor in the Tuamotu conference, and was to go to the island of Hikueru, about four hundred miles northeast of Tahiti. There were reasons why he should get there as quickly

as possible, and consequently he had no time to wait around for a "pick"of the island schooners going that way.

A sailing notice was received, stating that the Jean d'Ave would leave "tomorrow"for Hikueru, and Joe was informed that this would be his boat to his new field of labor. He went down to the wharf

to look it over; and a vastly different view met his gaze from that at

San Francisco, when he boarded the Tahiti. There she sat, tied to

the wharf like a cork; rather long for her width and depth, and with

a bunk house built on her deck that made her somewhat top heavy.

Besides this, she was loaded to the gunwale; merchandise of various

JOE'S EXPERIENCE 92 7

kinds filled her hold, and Tahiti fruits covered her deck. The bunk

house was also filled to capacity, and there was no possible chance of getting inside, even as a protection from the rain or sea. The passengers

just had to stick on wherever they could find room. Could it be

possible that he had to go to sea on so small and so unseaworthythe same great Pacific! Therelooking—-from craftaboutas8,000that? toIt30was,tons—andindeed, a startling drop in displacement

was no other way, however, and after much waiting, on account of engine trouble and various other reasons', they finally got started on their journey.

It was on a Thursday afternoon, during the woist season ot the year for south sea storms, just before the equinoctial period, and

Joe's trip was no exception in regard to rough weather; nor in any

way did he escape the fury of it all. Everything went well that first

afternoon and night, except for a little seasickness, but being a fairly good sailor, he soon overcame that; and after having something to

eat the following morning, he began to enjoy things immensely.

On Saturday afternoon, however, dark, menacing clouds began to gather on the eastern horizon, and the captain shouted "e tea"(meaning there was going to be rain). Along with it came a strong

gust of wind, known as a "squall,"and traveling at a rapid rate. It

soon struck Jean a"Arc and "drenched her from head to foot,"together with those on board, except as they were able to find protection in the alleyway of the bunk house. This became uncomfortable for

an hour or so, and then it subsided a little. The wind shifted to

the north, and came up a-fresh from the northwest. This is known

among the navigators here as the north wind (ma ta'i toerau). It

became stronger and stronger until it was blowing a violent gale and whipping up the sea into a foaming, raging, billowy mass, which soon began to break over the sides of the ship.

All this fury seemed but delicious music to Jean d'Arc, and, imagining herself in a great ball room, she entered into the spirit of the occasion and began to "trip the light fantastic toe."Being

lithe of limb and light of figure, she took on a most artistic form, swaying first to one side, then to the other, whirling, dipping, jumping, shaking, as the harmony of the great orchestra demanded now on the crest of the wave, now between the billows. At each sway, it

appeared that she would tip entirely over; and at each dip, the angry

sea rushed over deck. And thus she kept on throughout all of

Saturday night and Sunday. Joe tucked himself into a little corner

where he could hang on and shield himself somewhat from the wet of rain and sea, and with a prayer in his heart began to wonder whether he would ever have the. pleasure of walking on dry land

again.

There was a call of "land!"; Hikueru had been sighted, which

meant thev were very near, as the Tuamotu islands are just flat her tied to the landing after the cargo has been removed.The Jean d'Arc—showing

This is the craft on which Joe weathered a stormy sea.

stretches of coral with scarcely anything growing on them except cocoanut trees, and rising only four or five feet out of the sea. Joe's

heart beat a little faster, and hope increased at the thought of getting to shore and safety; but there were still some obstacles in the way.

Hikueru, like a few other islands, has no natural passage through the reef to her lagoon, and there is no other way to land, except to ride the ship's row boat over the reef. The village is on the west

side of the island where also are located the only landing places. The

north wind, however, made this an impassable barrier, and to attempt a landing in such a storm meant certain death. The ship, therefore,

was taken around to the east side of the island, where it would be protected somewhat from the terrific gale and there, together with several other ships, waited for the storm to abate.

By Monday, the wind had subsided and the sea had calmed a little, and going around again to the west side of the island, they were able to effect a landing. Joe felt greatly relieved to set his feet on

something firm again, though it was but a coral island, and rejoiced in meeting his new companions. In reporting to headquarters, he said:

"Had it not been for the protecting hand of the Lord, I believe the small boat would have given all on board a grave in the ocean."

This is but one form of missionary experience in the Society

Islands. There are many others; but they all tend to promote faith

and trust, and develop a solemnity and patience which go into the making of true Christian character.

Orovini, Papeete, Tahiti, Society Islands "HE WHO HESITATES IS LOST"By Glen Perrins

Sunday morning dawned bright and clear. My room on the

southeast corner of a two story building received the full benefit of a hot July sun. This did not trouble me, however, for from the

kitchen came the aroma of steaming breakfast. This alone was

enough to bring me from my bed without the knowledge that today was my seventeenth birthday. On went my clothes, and not stopping

to comb my hair I ran down stairs, with my shoes in one hand and the other thrust forward clearing the way.

Upon reaching the kitchen, breakfast was already waiting and soft buttered toast stacked high on the tray. My greetings were

a unanimous, "Happy Birthday,"with the additional, "Did you wash?"from mother. You see even though I was seventeen, I had

not quite outgrown this daily question.

The meal was soon over and we went to the sitting room where the table was piled high with many packages. One in particular took

my eye. A rather small one it was with a blue ribbon binding '.t.

Inside was a watchfob in the form of a two and one half gold piece, and under it a card, one side of which read: "He Who Hesitates

is Lost,"and on the other "When in Need do not Hesitate to Part with Me."This was seemingly queer, this birthday card greeting,

but reaching in my pocket I at once fastened the fob to my watch.

"Just what I wanted, Dad. Thanks a lot. Half of the fellows

didn't know I had an Ingersoll, and now the fob will let them in on the secret."

"Johnny,"said mother, when all the gifts were seen and admired and I had thanked everyone, "Aunt Ellen and Margaret are coming this afternoon and it is up to you to see that your cousin enjoys herself.""Fine,"I replied, "only I hope she doesn't blow me for all I've got; these hungry girls do, you know,"and I looked significantly at

father, but he didn't seem to comprehend.

Presently a big, blue limousine drove up and out stepped Aunt

Ellen accompanied by Margaret, a girl about my own age with soft, was very pretty. It waswavy, black hair and big, brown eyes—she

always fun to be with her, and it would be especially so on a day like this, my 17th birthday.

"Congratulations,"she exclaimed, "you'll soon be as old as I am, and then you'll have to stop having birthdays."

"Yes, you girls never get over sixteen, do you?"I replied.

"Mother savs she is sixteen and all that goes with it. I suppose she

930 IMPROVEMENT ERA

means ten years, but I have never asked her just what she meant. It

doesn't pay."

All afternoon we motored, chatting and bantering back and forth at each other. In the evening we saw a thriller. She movie—a

thought the show was so "exciting;"that Salt Lake City was "a

perfect dream"and that our canyons were "simply wonderful."I

was beginning to think she was, too, when she mentioned something about lunch.

"Of course,"I murmured, stepping on the gas. I must have

been excited. I couldn't remember anything but how empty my

purse had become. Then she cautioned me that the speedometer

said "40 miles."I was thinking of the "40 days"I'd soon be doing

if we ate and I couldn't pay the check.

"Pardon me, I must have been dreaming,"I said apologetically.

"Surely,"she answered, "it was kind of exciting. Wasn't that

a restaurant we just passed? Do you know I hardly know what's

wrong, but I'm famished. Wouldn't a meal be fine now?"

"A meal,"I thought, and my mind wandered again to my purse. "Certainly would!"I exclaimed bravely as I slowed up and

helped her out.

She ate and ate. Famished? she must have been starved. As

in a daze I searched madly through my jeans, dreaming desperately of washing dishes or scrubbing floors to pay the check. Nothing more

than 35c could be found, and the after I had gained check—well,

courage enough to look at it, said $2.20.

birthday Suddenly my hand hit a card. I drew it out—my

greeting from there smiling in my face was, "When in Dad—and

Need do not Hesitate to Part with Me."My watchfob, a life saver!

Why not? Margaret would never know. I hesitated no longer, the

card said,, "He Who Hesitates is Lost."So the check was paid.

I wasn't lost, but my watchfob was.

Heaven help these hungry girls!

Salt Lake City, Utah.

I Am the Mountains I am the dwelling place of power and might.

Home of the blessed and champion of the right,

By conquerors despised, their plans I thwart,

By nature loved to whom I lend support.

I am the home of the unknown, and mystery;

Father of lake and river, I am history

Whose secrets have ne'er been unfolded,

Great am I, for destinies I have moulded.

I am the king who overlooks valleys of health,

In myself are wonders of untold wealth,

I am the father of brooks and of fountains,

The home of pine and hemlock, I am the Mountains!

Morgan, Utah GLENN DICKSON.

I. A.* THE MISSION OF THE M.

By Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the Twelve

and Assistant Supt. Y. M. M. I. A.

I feel sure that, in the history of the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the position occupied by these great organizations in the Church of Christ has never before been more clearly understood, more definitely established and more urgently needed than at present. We have had in the

past to shift our program, since to the priesthood quorums and the

Sabbath schools has been given the task of treating, more essentially, the study of theological questions.

Added Responsibilities Placed upon the M. I. A.

Still, unto us is left the right and privilege to study the practical application of our glorious religion to the lives of the boys and girls; and the essential aim established in the early organization,

through the direction of President Young, is still reserved, viz. "the

establishment in the youth of individual testimony of the truth and magnitude of the great Latterday work."

There have come to us added responsibilities, and it is necessary that those who are engaged in this important work should understand something of the nature of this assignment, what it means and the facilities that are provided to accomplish the glorious ends. I would

not wish to draw unfavorable comparisons nor to magnify unduly the importance of the M. I. A. in the Church, because we recognize

that each organization has its place, its field, and its importance, desiring only that we shall magnify in the minds of the Mutual Improvement workers the importance of our assignments, and a vision of how we are going to carry it forward. This is the object I have in

my own mind, I desire in my heart that the Lord will help me to bring forward to you such things as are important and necessary that we may clearly understand our mission and know how to perform it.

The Relationship of the M. I. A. to Other Organizations

To help me to illustrate what I feel with reference to our organzation and its place, in its relationship to other auxiliary organizations of the Church, I am reminded of an incident I read about a long time ago. On one of the trails leading to the Alps, the

journey was very safe in the earlier part of the trip, and then there

*A theme discussed in the M. I. A. officers meeting, Sunday morning, June 3.

19 24. at the annual conference.

932 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was encountered a very difficult passage. The road was a narrow

ledge on an overhanging cliff, with a wall of rock rising above the traveler. It was always covered with ice and was consequently not

only narrow but slippery, and many a traveler lost his life there.

It was very short, but it was part of the journey. If one could successfully get over that difficult part of the journey, the road was comparatively safe. Now, some very thoughtful and wise man concluded to make that dangerous part of the journey more safe, and so

he drilled holes in the rocks overhead, and beaded pipes in the rock and brought them down at intervals, and on the longer end of these placed another rod, so that the traveler might take hold of this as a means of protection, and to save himself from falling; and if he

should fall, save himself from going over the cliff to his death. It

is said that since that provision was made, not a single life has been lost at that point, and the journey can now be made with comparative safety. I can see the Mutual Imporvement Associations

of this Church occupying the same place in the lives of boys and girls.

It is very safe for them when they are little boys and little girls in mother's home, under her care, while in the Primary and in the early periods of their study in the Sunday school. It is quite

safe for them until they reach the period that we call adolescence.

Then they begin to want to wander away from home, they reach the slippery part of life's journey, and there is danger all about them, though they feel that they are perfectly safe and able to take care of themselves. Numbers of them make failures and become wrecks,

while traveling over that period in which they are assigned to the

Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church.

The Growth of the Church Depends Upon Our Holding and Saving

Our Young People

Taking the girls from fourteen upward, and the boys from twelve upward, they come into our care during that slippery and dangerous part of life's progress, and it is our task to provide for them the protection, the guidance, the safety, to conduct them over life's dangerous period, and bring them in safety to manhood's and womanhood's estate. It is the period of time when all the organizations find

it exceedingly difficult to get them; and to win them is our greatest

task. I remind you that while our baptisms last year were possibly

the largest in our history for years, since excellent results are coming from the missionary fields, yet more than three times as many children were born to Latterday Saint parents as all our baptisms numbered in the missionary field. With these facts before us, we may well believe

that the future strength and growth of this Church depends upon our ability to save and hold our own. We have been given this assignment and have been given the means of performing this task, as none

of the other organizations of the Church have been provided with.

THE MISSION OF THE M. I. A. 933

The M. I. A. the Rescue Mission of the Church

It is recognized that we are not only to take care of those who willingly or voluntarily come to us, but we are to be, may I say?

the rescue mission of the Church for young men and young women.

A New Requirement of the Officers

We are asking today a new thing of the Mutual Improvement workers, for in this conference, in the department of Organization and Membership, we have asked that you go home and not only endeavor to secure ten percent of the membership of your ward and stake in the Mutual Improvement Associations, but that you shall account for every boy and every girl in your ward of Mutual age, that you shall list them, that you shall keep a record of them and work on that record until you have won them by some of these means and facilities that have been given to us. Until you have done this, your task is

not fully performed. We have asked that we shall have the best

men and women possible to do this work in the wards and stakes, because we are trying to win those whom nobody else has been able to get. We are not trying to win them for ourselves only, but we are

getting them for the Sunday school, for the priesthood quorums and the other organizations of the Church. And so we are to serve and

labor for all of these institutions, and that is why undoubtedly we have been given means and facilities such as none of the other organizations have.

The Means Provided for this Work

Let us look at the means that have been provided us. We have

courses of study in the practical application of the gospel. What an

opportunity we have in the nature of our work to make the word of wisdom appeal to the boy and to the girl! And so, each and every

principle, we seek to apply in a practical way in the lives of the boys and girls. But not all, particularly those who have not yet been

touched, will be interested in even a study of the practical application of the gospel principles, nor in a consideration of our courses of study, no matter how interesting they may be.

Recreation, Music, Activities—The End in View

There are therefore means offered us by the assignment given to us through the decision of the Presidency of the Church to try to get hold of these boys and girls with other methods, so that to this great organization has come the assignment to use recreation in all its forms and in all its departments.. It is but a means to an end.

Always, in these several activities, I hope that you Mutual Improvement workers will not look upon either recreation, M Men's work, the BeeHive Girls'work, Boy Scout work, or the Gleaners'work as the end. These are but the means to another and higher and a more

934 IMPROVEMENT ERA

glorious end. There is not a field of human endeavor that boys or

girls could possibly be interested in, but that we have been given the opportunity to employ these various means for the accomplishment of our desirable end. Music, with all its advantages, its appeal to the

boy and to the girl, is offered to us; and we are asking that in the

stakes and in the wards you shall follow the example of the General

Board and appoint a music director and an assistant, if you can provide such, but at least there should be a music director who shall take advantage of the natural inclination of many to express themselves in song, some of whom do it at unseasonable hours of the night, and very much to the annoyance of their neighbors and friends. But all

this may be guided and directed into proper channels, and opportunities of expressing themselves and bringing them within the influence and the circle of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

We Give Opportunity for Expression

We are asking also that in the use of the drama, and we have been given the opportunity to express ourselves in drama, that we shall employ this as a means of reaching others who do not willingly come from other appeals. Let us not reserve these things exclusively

for those who come on their own account. But let us use these means

as an opportunity to go out and enlist the boy or girl who never has yet come with us, and induce them by a study of their natural talents and ability to take some part in music, in drama, in athletics or Boy

Scout work, or whatever may probably appeal to that boy or girl;

and we have the whole field. Employ these means of reaching that

boy or that girl who never yet has been brought within our circles.

And so I might say with reference, not only to drama, but to debates, where, within legitimate bounds we may proceed to interest the boy who has in him natural ability and a desire to take care of himself, has a definite and strong opinion, generally, upon questions. Give him

the opportunity to express himself under guidance. This will appeal

to a boy or a girl, probably, when nothing else will reach him.

The Supervision of Recreation The great assignment that has come to us in the supervision of recreation for the Church, in the fixing of standards, if we had nothing else but this alone, it would justify the perpetuity and existence of the great M. I. A. cause. But we had enough to live for before

that, and now there are more reasons than ever for these great organizations to be permanently established and to go forward. We accept

this assignment, with humility, and yet with an earnest desire to do our part, not only to the group that we serve, but to all groups, to unify the recreation of the Church, to establish standards, to rescue recreation from commercialism, and to restore it to the place it once occupied in the Church, a time when it was given so sacredly for the

THE MISSION OF THE M. I. A. 935

benefit and blessing of the people as religious instruction, and not for moneymaking. And we are asking all our workers to look upon

recreation, as but a means to an end, and not the end itself, and that recreation shall be employed to reach groups of individuals who could probably not be reached through the study of religion; and to give to

all the opportunity to engage in the spirit of relaxation during their leisure time, and guide them towards wholesome, clean recreation, and to curtail it where needed. It is not our desire to multiply it, but

to give it in sufficient quantities to satisfy our boys and girls and to keep them from going elsewhere, and to keep our crowds together;

for we have in mind the opportunity that will come for them to make proper selections in companionship by keeping them in groups together.

Recreation Should Carry its Own Burdens, but not Finance Wards

While we recognize that recreation must carry its own burdens, it should not, however, be burdened with the responsibility of financing wards or stakes in their financial programs. We have suggested

that, in the yearround program, a portion of all profits that may come from recreation shall go into a common fund to be used by the consent of the group, the bishop and his counselors, and the executive officers of all the auxiliaries, to better improve our recreational facilities. But all these are, as I have said, but a means towards

an end. We.recognize that we can serve young men and young

women in this field as perhaps none of the other organizations can, because our work is not limited to the Sabbath day.

We do our work on the week day, and can properly engage in these activities and in athletics in our M Men's organizations, where we bring forward the development of the boy's physical power; in

contest work, where, in his play moments, as we heard last night, he may develop the finest physical strength it is possible for men to obtain. We do all that to keep him clean and safe while he treads

the dangerous path of life, and to hold him within the circles of the

Church. We have been criticized by other denominations because,

in the early days of this Church, in the West, we allowed the boys and girls to dance in the meeting houses. Men have been shocked

at the thought. Yet we have said it is but providing for boys and

girls what they naturally want, and what they ought to have, with approval and guidance, so that they will not steal away as young people of many churches do in violation of the counsels given by their leaders, and secretly and privately engage, in undesirable places, in these identical amusements. Trailing behind us now comes the

acknowledgement of most of these Christian denominations, that we were right. We knew we were right in the beginning, because God

guided and directed those who were providing for the youth of Israel.

He let them know that this was not a narrowminded nor bigoted

Church, but that it recognizes everything that is wholesome, every936 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thing that is good and everything that is desirable and proper in the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ.

And so we are moving forward to establish upon a more firm basis, and, as I observe, to rescue recreation from commercialism, into the spirit of real service, of mutual helpfulness and benefit, and to make our boys and girls feel that they need go nowhere else.

The M. I. A. Provides for Natural Wants and Human Needs

I tell you that the natural inclination in the hearts of both men and women, is for these things and if the Church does not provide them the lodges and societies and institutions that have grown up outside the Church will. And to supply that natural want and

human need, our institutions were established to be, if you please, the boys'club, although we do not like that word, but it answers all those yearnings of the heart, for association in organizations such as I have indicated. And there is nothing that these institutions provide that

is proper and right and wholesome but that can be had within the

Mutual Improvement Association. The Boy Scout program is a

means, so far as we are concerned, and a very efficient means, we recognize it as one of the best programs that has ever been devised to interest boys just as they are coming to the threshold of thai dangerous period of interest them in the things that are worth life—to

while. We have adopted it, and use it as a part of our program, but

only, again, as a means to an end.

Likewise the girls'organizations, the BeeHive and the Gleaner institutions provide facilities and means of interestinggirls—these

those who would not respond probably, to the appeals to come and study the gospel. The gospel of good health, the gospel of clean life,

such as these organizations teach, is a part of the good gospel, and if they become interested in these things, we may gently lead them

I want to say, youstep by step, having found a point of interest—and

can make no progress or headway with any human being unless you can find the point of contact, the point of interest. So comprehensive

is our plan that there is probably not a human being who could not be interested in some part of our program. We will use that part

which will interest, and then gently lead them forward until we interest them in the whole pragram.

A YearRound Program We have come also to feel that our task cannot be properly performed by merely devoting ourselves to our work from October to April. We have been urging more permanent establishment of

the yearround program, recognizing that probably the safest period for the boy and girl during the year is this period, from October until April, and the most dangerous period, the time when he runs off alone, or with small groups seeking his pleasure away from home

THE MISSION OF THE M. I. A. 937

in canyons, in resorts, and in the outdoor life; he may then be in

far greater danger than when he is indoors, in association with groups in the home, in Church, in school. And so we feel, young men and

young women leaders in the Mutual Improvement Association, that we must get a new vision of our responsibility, and that every worker shall be a worker all the year around. There are many of

our organizations holding their meetings on Sunday evening during the year. Certainly every one of them should continue during the

summer. We have provided a change in the program for the summer work, on Sabbath evening, during the summer, or, it you choose,

and can hold your meetings on Tuesday evening, during the summer, the program will suit you. Again, we feel that perhaps the period

of time when the committee on recreation of the M. I. A. can most

effectively operate, and is needed perhaps more than at any other time, is this summer period. I should like to suggest to you workers that

not only the ones assigned to the task of supervising recreation shall be active, but that when the vacation period comes, and you do not hold your weekly meetings, there be a new assignment of every officer. If they have nothing specific to do during the summer, let

them come in and help to carry forward this great recreational guidance, in supervision, out in the field, supervision of parties who go to dances in the neighboring town, supervision of canyon parties, supervision of swimming parties. These activities ought to be chaperoned, and it ought to be a matter of regret, and I was going to say

shame, to ward Mutual workers, should groups of boys and girls, groups that we are charged with the responsibility of taking care of, ever go anywhere unchaperoned during their summer activities. And

our workers could well be enlisted in helping to supervise and care for this work.

What Is the End of All This?

Now the end of all this: What is it? I said these are but the

means, and I want to confess to you that there has never been devised, by inspired men, a program so complete and so perfect to accomplish the end desired, as the program given to us in the assignments that come to us in the Mutual Improvement Associations of the

Church. The end of it all is the end that President Young held up

in the establish faith in God in the hearts of the boys beginning—to

and the girls, belief in him, testimony of him, that he lives; and

respect for those who are leading and directing his great work in the earth. Faith in him, that when the call comes they shall respond and

render that service, either in the missionary field, or in the other auxiliary organizations, or in the Priesthood quorums, for we are but feeders for all these other organizations. We recognize our assignment to be such, that we are in a way ministering and serving other

organizations as well as takinc care of that group that leally belongs 93 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to us, or does naturally come to us. We are, as I said in the beginning,

the rescue workers for those indolent, careless, indiffeient boys or girls, every one of whom, however, can be reached with this program.

And then, if, with faith in God, with love for the souls of the children of men, and with determination and persistence, we shall go forward, we may win them. And I say, in the language of one of our

own revelations, that if you shall labor all your life using this wonderful program, using your time, though it may take you all your life to accomplish it, and yet save but one soul, you will have greater joy than if you had gained the wealth of the world; because, one

redeemed, sanctified soul, worthy to come into the presence of God, into the highest degree of celestial glory, is of greater intrinsic value and worth than all the material things of the earth, because that redeemed, sanctified soul, in time to come, may rise to such heights that he, too, may speak, and matter shall be organized, and all material wealth be brought into being and existence, such as obtains in a world like this, and that the product in time of one of these boys.

The object created is not as great as he who has created it, and so, one of these is of greater value than all the world besides. I said

the first end was to establish in their hearts faith in God, belief and confidence that he lives, as expressed this morning in the testimonies that were borne. More of these our brethren and sisters, have received their testimonies upon their feet than upon their knees. If there

is one thing that Mutual Improvement work provides more than another, it is the opportunity for individual expression.

Provide Larger Opportunity for Testimony Bearing and Expression

Our program plans for it, and I feel to commend to you brethren and sisters larger opportunity for testimony bearing in the

Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church, and also more opportunity for the boy to express himself, for he is to be put in training that he may be able to express himself when he goes into the mission field, or when he is called to responsibility in the priesthood quorums or other organizations. Our whole program provides the opportunity

to develop, as President Young said, the natural talents that are in us, and so this great field gives them the opportunity, whatever their talent may be, whether it is in public speaking, in singing, in athletics, or in acting, whatever their talents may be, here is a field that provides opportunity to express themselves.

We Are the Children of Ephraim—The Children of Promise

I recognize, as I said a moment ago, also that one of the great obligations that is upon us in giving this guidance through this difficult and dangerous period of the life of the boy and the girl, is to keep them clean, that they may preserve their natural birthright, to be the chosen people of God. I read with keen interest a short time

THE MISSION OF THE M. I. A. 939

ago an article appearing in Henry Ford's Dearborn Independent, in which the author of the article was discussing the question, "Are the Jews the chosen people of God?"And then he told the story of

the House of Israel, and recited the blessings pronounced upon the heads of each one of the sons of Jacob, and gave all credit to the house of Judah for all blessings that they had a right to claim, but denied them the right to claim the blessings pronounced upon all the sons of Jacob, which many desire to look for and to claim. But

he limited them, however, to the blessings which belong to them, and then he traced the greater blessings that came upon the head of

Joseph to his son Ephraim, and said: "If we could find these children of Ephraim, we would find the chosen people of God."I

wonder if there is a greater thing we could do for the young men and young women of this Church than to make them feel and know that they are the children of Ephraim, the children of promise?

Marry in Your Own Faith Not to build them up in a spirit of pride, nor boastfulness, but to establish in their hearts a spirit of thankfulness, a regard for their birthright, their privilege, and with resolve and determination that shall not sell it for a mess of pottage, but that they shall hold it sacred, that they are of the royal branch. of the House of Israel, and

that they must look to the preserving of their privileges by marrying in their own faith. I say to you that there is no conservation that

this people could possibly practice to better advantage than in having

Latterday Saint boys marry Latterday Saint girls; for whenever they

marry out of their faith they vitiate their promises and impair in their children the rights to these eternal blessings and privileges which God, long beforehand, promised should come through this branch of the house of Israel. Despised? Yes, now, and have been in the past.

One of a family, cast out of their own home, could no longer abide there, had to flee from their home as outcasts, and exiles, like their forefather Joseph, who was sold into Egypt. Wasn't that the feeling

of the world when this people were driven from pillar to post, and went off into the wilderness? By many it was thought they would

either be absorbed or lose their lives through contact with savages in human form, or wild beasts, or famine. But lo, and behold! as of

old, when God preserved the outcast Joseph, built him up and established him and sent him forth to become the savior of all his father's house, so God is doing the very same identical thing in these Latterdays, for the descendants of that Joseph. Outcasts from the world,

they have found the place where God is establishing in them those saving qualities and principles not only to feed men the bread that shall sustain physical life, but, greater than that, to prepare the bread of life in examples of living that shall not only make this people the saviors of the whole house of Israel in the Latterdays, for God 940 IMPROVEMENT ERA

has decreed it, but become the light of the nations, the salt of the earth.

Keep Bright Before us the Vision of Things to Come

We want to keep before the eyes, therefore, of the young men and the young women of this Church, this vision of the glorious things that are to come, and induce them to preserve all they have inherited, and the most precious thing they have inherited is their birthright that they are the sons and daughters of these men and women whom God has brought from the ends of the earth, responding to that call: Come out of her; oh, ye my people, that ye be

not partakers of her plagues, when her judgments shall come.

Honor Father and Mother by Clean Lives

And that we shall in the spirit of the slogan which we have adopted this year, recognize that we owe to these worthy fathers and mothers, grandfathers and grandmothers, a great debt, and that, as we have inherited from them clean bodies, without taint of the things that God has forbidden, and have obtained bodies uncontaminated with the poisons of tea, coffee, tobacco and liquor, that we shall cause our boys and girls to catch the vision of the value of such an inheritance, as it has taken two or three generations of struggle to bring to us. And we ought to make them feel the folly it would be to

sell that birthright and throw it away to turn again to wallow in the mire and resort to the practices that our parents forsook. It is an

insult to any father and mother for a boy to disobey that father's or mother's counsel and example and smoke tobacco. And so our

slogan as fitting and appropriate, that we should have more honor and respect for our parents whom we owe so'much for this our glorious heritage.

Honor Father and Mother by Right Marriage

We desire also that proper standards shall be maintained that ultimately the sacred blessings of marriage in the house of God shall come. One of our brethren said that it is an insult to any girl for a

boy to propose marriage to her for time, just as great an insult as if he proposed marriage to her for five years or for ten years; for

what is time but a brief period of eternity? And any boy who

proposes marriage for time only is offering insult to a Latterday

Saint girl. What we want is to have these boys and girls live clean

and worthy to go into the house of God, and receive their eternal blessings, and then to keep the first great commandment that God has given to man. And it is our task to teach them to look forward

to the fulfilment of that obligation in multiplying and replenishing the earth that we shall be in this respect, as well as in all others, a distinguished people, and different from anyone else, for we are not

THE MISSION OF THE M. I. A. 941

only to bring to pass the establishment of these standards for ourselves, but the Lord himself has said, "Arise, and shine that ye may be the light of the nations."And that day must come, and it will,

when the east and the west, and the north, and the south shall say:

Come, let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the

God of Jacob, that we may learn to walk in his paths.

God has Called us to be in but not of the World

When I listened last night to the very earnest appeal made by our last speaker in the Assembly Hall, stating the problems that are vexing the world today with reference to our social standards, it did seem to me as he intimated, that if all the world caters after low standards it will be exceedingly difficult to bring forward great things in music, in art, in literature or in government. But do you

know that God has called this people to be in the world but not of the world? If there is anything lovely, virtuous or praisworthy, we

seek after these things, but we do not satisfy ourselves merely with the good, which comes from the world. We expect to build upon it,

we expect to go farther than they go, we expect to see more than they see.

Out for World Leadership It is our right, it is our privilege to excel, and we are out for world leadership, not only for ourselves, but for the world. The

Lord has enjoined it upon us, and we desire therefore to be strong enough to stand by our standards of morality, our standards in social life, in dress, in living, our standards, in all things must be above the standards of the world; and yet demonstrate, they are workable standards. It has been said that the "Mormon"Church is the most

wonderful organization in all the world. But the most wonderful

part about it is that it works, and if we can show the world a generation of young men and young women who can live and enjoy life, and yet be above the standards of the world, we shall become the light of the world.

We Do Not Doubt the Young People of Zion

So far as the future of this work is concerned, we have no doubt about it, neither do we doubt the young men and the young women of

Zion. I confess to you that it is my belief that there never has

come to the earth a generation of boys and girls so noble, so pure and so good, as the generation of boys and girls that we are called to deal with, and yet I acknowledge that they are face to face with problems such as their fathers and mothers never met, more difficult to solve; and I want to tell you with all praise to fathers and mothers

who built the bridges, who traveled the plains and who subdued the deserts. All honor to thembut I sav to you that it will take iireater

942 IMPROVEMENT ERA

faith, greater determination and stability on the part of the youth of this generation, to solve their problems and to come out clean, unscathed, and uncontaminated with the sins of the world, than it did for our fathers to subdue the desert! But I have faith in them

that they will succeed by our help, by the application of this program.

I have faith that we shall save the great majority of them, for God's holy and righteous purposes.

Oh how I love the future. I would rather live to see the

future than any day that has passed, glorious as the past has been.

I say I would rather see the glorious future that is coming for the youth of Israel, than any day that is past; the great majority of

them will come forth clean and worthy to enter into their inheritance, these sacred blessings that have been promised to them. I can see

them in the visions of the future, multiplying by tens and hundreds of thousands, a mighty army that God will recognize, and that the world will come and pay attention to. No glory, no ambition that

ever thrilled the heart of any boy or girl, to attain, shall be denied our young men and women, if only they shall keep themselves clean and undefiled from the sins of this generation. Their praises shall

be heralded, they shall be recognized and praised more than their fathers were. I can see every promise coming naturally to us. The

great architect has given us the plan, God the eternal Father, revealed

I am glad that we have still with us and always shall have a—andit in all its specifications, and if we shall but follow those specifications,

consulting engineer in an inspired prophet of God, who shall clear up from time to time any problems that may arise in the proper understanding of God's specifications for the establishment of this his great and mighty work. And if we shall listen to those whom he has

appointed to interpret his plan, it shall be unfolded, and we shall build upon it, and see rise here the mightiest structure that has ever graced this footstool of God, and in due time shall bring to us, as the

Lord has promised, his own divine Son to live with such a people.

And the great Mutual Improvement cause is charged now with the task and responsibility of. building in the lives of this generation of

boys and girls, this program for their own salvation, for their own jov of life, and pass on to our posterity all that we have inherited, with a little added to it, and thus not many generations shall pass away until we shall produce the best race of men and women that have ever lived.

A Prayer and a Promise for Success

I thank God with all my heart that I am associated with such a work. I rejoice to be counted worthy to be one of the workers in the

Mutual Improvement cause. We have a sacred and a holy mission.

God help us to see it, and to use these means sacredly as a means to these glorious ends, and may we live \o see, as I am sure we shall,

THE MISSION OF THE M. I. A. 943

fruits of our labors now; and I know we shall sec the fruits of

our labors in eternity. Though you may labor long and seem to

make no progress, be not discouraged, fight for these precious souls, they are worth fighting for. They are worth your time, they are

ivorth your effort. Follow this program, and in the spirit of the

Gospel, and I promise you, as you live, you shall succeed. And

may God grant it, in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.

Let Me Be a Friend to You O let me be a friend to you, A real friend, kind and true, At times, when life seems dark and drear

And everything seems blue.

Just let me come and hold your hand

When you are sick and sad, And let me tell you things that won't

Make life seem quite so bad.

O let me come and share your load

And help you on your way, And try and scatter sunshine bright

Before you every day;

And when death's angel hovers near,

Let me be at your side To comfort you and cheer your heart,

That hope may there abide.

And when the wound has all been healed,

And life goes on the same, Let me be there to help you win

The fight in life's hard game.

And so the fleeting years will pass,

Alas, we will grow old;

But still I'll be a friend to you,

My heart will ne'er turn cold.

And if I pass beyond the veil Before your journey's through,

I'll promise you that as a friend

I'll wait and watch for you.

And when you come at last to me

Into that wondrous land, We'll reach those heights together, friend.

As children, hand in hand.

Salt Lake City BESSIE STEWART LINDSAY

THE WORTH WHILE By George Lee Sharp

short story following, written especially for the Era. Foreword—The

has as its theme the beacon light of ultimate goal of man's enlife—the

deavors in the search for true love. happiness—brotherly

The author has attempted to contrast the philosophy of life as practiced by typical characters in actual life itself, showing finally that purely material things are subject to the power of love and that, even after years of struggle and strife, in the search for glory and gold, man, when he hears the cry of distress of a fellowman, will forget all in the desire to risk his life or lift his hand to save a brother.

The story has as its setting the trackless northland wherein the characters enact their roles of life. True, the tale verges on the tragedy, but

life is a glorious combination of tears and smiles and just as we have our comedy so, too, must we have our tragedy. That is life. Here we have a

page from the book of life itself.—GEORGE LEE SHARP.

The biting blasts of drear, bleak winter were sweeping the crispy flakes of snow in gusts and frenzied flurries about the little trading post at St. Pierre.

It was a dismal day. Dark pines, frosted with icy spangles, bent

in the breath of the wind as it whistled and moaned through troubled forests around rugged crags and down snow filled gulches. It was a

desolate however, of Alaskan winter. day—typical,

Within the primitive stockade, nothing more elaborate than a log cabin fenced with a timber palisade, an atmosphere of warmth and cheer was prevalent. Old Mike, as the aged keeper of the post was

called by trappers of the Hudson Bay Company, of which he was a servant, was entertaining. Three strangers from the States had arrived

simultaneously with the breaking of the storm and their snow soaked clothes and benumbed limbs called for a crackling fire and liquor bracers.

Wanderers in the northland are rare, for, excepting the trappers, but few white men care to brave the frozen barriers of unblazed wilderness even for compensations of fur and gold. It was little

wonder then that Old Mike, hermit that he was, welcomed with congenial hospitality the derelicts of the storm.

As the men hovered about the stove small clouds of steam rose from their drying garments and the warmth, penetrating to the flesh, stimulated circulation and loosened tongues, until the small crude room echoed with loud talking and gruff guffaws.

When news had exhausted itself discussion entered into channels of logic and philosophy.

Stewart Jacobs, youngest of the group, had listened intently to the discourse which concerned more or less the field of human enTHE WORTH WHILE 945

deavor and the purpose of life itself. Old Mike had rendered his

version and sat toasting his shins while his visitors eyed him critically.

"You're wrong!"exclaimed Jacobs emphatically. "Entirely

wrong. There you sit like a contented old woman, purrin'like a pet

maltese over your pipe. You claim that a shack in the woods, a

bottle of gin, and a supply of chewin'tobacco is paradise for a king.

That's your ideal. To you that's life."

Old Mike riveted his eyes on Jacobs, blew a cloud of smoke, nodded acquiescence and remained silent.

"Dickson, here,"continued Jacobs, indicating his neighbor with a jerk of his thumb, "has ideas of his own, and I reckon they're akin to yours and unrelated to mine, but be that as it may I've considered my lot in life and have arrived at conclusions that can't be wrong:""To live we must have necessities, and to live and be happy we must have the luxuries as well. But even these elements require at least a moderate

degree of wealth. Life's mission, then, is obvious. The accumulation of a

fortune spells happiness and all that is worth while. Gold must be the

guiding star for it is gold that inspires progress and lifts man above the mire."Old Mike shoved his chair away from the stove with an outburst of sheer disgust. The unknown stranger stared at Jacobs in blank

amazement.

"Gold! Filthy gold!"exclaimed Dickson harshly. "So that's your

Utopia of life. 'Tis a foul pursuit indeed.

"Wealth is like the leafy fringe that bedecks the mighty oak, beautiful and attractive in the summer of and forlorn in the autumn life—forgotten

of dull decay and unmourned death. The cardinal element of life is glory.

Glory is like the sturdy oak itself which, even when devoid of leafy ornament, withstands the storms of time and lives, a monument of seasons passed—an

inspiration in the days to come. Let man achieve his greatness as he may.

Let glory come at any cost, from any source.

"Men come into this world, pause briefly, and pass on. The span

of life is short, uncertain, uncontrolled, and millions come and go—from

clay to common clay. But memory embalms accomplishments of supermen

and their names stay blazoned in the book of time eternal.

"I would rather have it said of me, 'There is Dickson, the greatest dogskinner in the Yukon,'than be heralded worldwide as an oil king dwelling in a house of gold."

Dickson's eloquence left his trio of listeners spellbound and the sinister silence within, contrasted with the wild storm without, seemed uncanny.

Old Mike slouched deeper into his chair and proceeded to place his feet upon the stove with the result that his water soaked boots sizzled momentarily and gave off sickening aroma of burnt leather. Jacobs and Dickson clinked glasses for the fifth time and

sipped dark uninviting liquor while the unknown stranger, removed from the trio, sat inactive and silent.

Outside the wind shrieked relentlessly, howling then moaning, 946 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sighing and murmuring while, during intermittent lulls, the far off howl of the wolf, calling for its mate or announcing a kill, could be heard faintly.

As the red coals settled in the firebox and warned of diminishing fuel Old Mike rose from his chair and shuffled after more wood.

Jacobs refilled his glass and sipped while Dickson rested his head in his hands and meditated. The stranger had risen to his feet and had

ioined the group:

"Gentlemen,"he said at length, so softly that his words were barely audible, 'your discourse has greatly interested me, and inasmuch as I, too, have my theory of life, I feel obligated to add my philosophy to yours:

"Your ideals of life, as you have expressed them, are gold and glory.

You have explained your reasons for believing as you do and your reasoning is entirely logical. I do not desire to cast reflection upon it. I simply seek

to enlighten you on facts which you have not taken into account.

"You have said that gold is the making of progress and the uplifter of mankind; the magnet that draws friendship and position. From a material standpoint this may be true, but certainly not from the viewpoint of

ethics. Wealth is but a superficial thing and when it exists socalled

friendship iMnishes like mediaeval ghosts. Riches are gained mostly through

exploitation of our fellowmen. It encourages greed, inequality, discrimination, and contributes not a single factor to true happiness.

"You have stated that glory is the pinnacle of all earthly things, and should be sought for through all channels and obtained at any cost. True

glory, the attributes of Washington and Lincoln, is worthy of desire. Such

glory, however, is but one of many kinds. Alexander the Great was glorious. His iron hand swayed the world. He was a superman among men

but his glory was not selfachieved, for it was built upon the sacrifice of his armies. He created his magnitude of power on the strength of his soldiers'

life blood. His name is recorded in the pages of history but his name is not

sacred for his deeds, or misdeeds, although they held a world aghast, stand not as models but as examples of greed and lust, and as such must be despised. "Glory for glory's sake is sin. If it comes from earnest effort, a result

of effort not of aim, it is a thing to be admired, but only then. Anything

that comes consciously at the expense of our fellowmen cannot be worth while. Life is but a single, short span as compared with life eternal, and

brotherly love is the only thing that can establish greatness as seen by Him who sees all things.

"True happiness should be the goal of man's undivided efforts, and the most indispensable factor of happiness is brotherly love. Mark my word,

gentlemen, that is the worth while."

As the stranger finished, his audience shifted uneasily. Old

Mike puffed vigorously at his pipe. Jacobs gulped a glass of gin.

Dickson crossed his arms, and all three smiled inwardly and shook their heads.

Six years had passed since the little party of derelicts sought shelter at St. Pierre, and the great northland again lay buried beneath

a blanket of freshly fallen snow.

Down in the coastal settlement of Five Forks, the hearts of the

THE WORTH WHILE 947

traders and trappers throbbed with elation for snowfall meant the signal for the greatest event of the transAlaskan dog relay. year—the

Contention for the purse of tenthousand dollars, and the honor of being the greatest sportsman in the north, was keen, and enthusiastic dogsters were already arriving to prepare for the annual test of skill and endurance.

One of the entrants, no other than Dickson, already mentioned in connection with the scene at the trading post, was a favorite contestant. For three successive years he had driven his dog teams to

victory, but such success he attributed to lack of worthy competition rather than to his own ability. The entry list for the coming event

was long and bore the names of famous dogskinners from all sections.

It was rumored that the winner would have to run an unparalleled race, but Dickson was thrilled with the very thought of genuine rivalry and competition. If he won, his supremacy would be unquestioned and perpetual glory be bestowed.

When the day of the race arrived throngs of spectators turned out to cheer the contestants as they started on the first lap of their perilous journey.

Dickson was the first to leave and as he cracked his whip sharply his dogs let out a single lingering yelp and sped swiftly away over the glassy surface of the frozen snow.

For hours the dogs dragged the sled at a killing pace. The

settlement now lay far behind while miles of ice and snow, riffled in places and speckled here and there with solitary pines and defiant rocks, stretched forth as far as eye could see.

Dickson was in a happy mood. He had a splendid start and

his dogs were maintaining a rapid pace. He knew that somewhere

behind him others, quite as determined as he, were racing for the same goal, but he was leading and that was all that mattered,

Morning and afternoon passed quickly and twilight saw Dickson camped in a wooded cove. The dogs, tied securely, were having

their repast of meat scrap while their master busied himself with firebuilding and camp arrangement. Suddenly one of the dogs barked,

then followed a perfect chorus of yelps and snarls. Dickson looked

up and peered into the distance. Heading westward, his dog team

barely moving the laden.sled, was a stranger.

Something about the general stature of the man seemed familiar and Dickson, his curiosity besting him, gave a lusty h-e-1-l-o with the immediate result that the stranger altered his course and approached the camp.

Coincidence is not uncommon but the consequent meeting of

Jacobs and Dickson, resulting from events just mentioned, was as surprising as it was dramatic. The two wanderers of half a decade's

separation were reunited at the very pinnacle of their accomplishments.

Far up into the fastness of the mountains Jacobs had wandered 948 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in search of gold. Years of fruitless toil had brought him no return,

but he was persistent and at last the icy stream of the canyon yielded up its yellow metal in quantities that meant undreamed of fortune.

Gold there was in plenty, but gold in itself afforded no more companionship than did the snowcapped peaks that poked specterlike into the crispy air. And because he was hungry for civilization

and contact with his fellowmen Jacobs resolved to journey to the coast which resulted, as we have seen, in his meeting Dickson while enroute.

As the shadows of dusk closed in, the two men sat in the glowing firelight and chatted freely of their wanderings and experiences.

Each told of his endeavors and his accomplishments. Each commended the other one for the success achieved in obtaining the worth

while. And so conversation waxed warm, became exhausted, and

lapsed into silence. Jacobs replenished the supply of fuel while Dickson meditated over his pipe.

From out the dusk the dismal howl of a wolf rent the stillness, then followed a chorus of sinister replies until the very heavens seemed to echo. A distant shot rang sharply out, then another and

another in quick succession. Jacobs and Dickson, pale with horror,

stared at each other.

"Wolves,"muttered Jacobs beneath his breath. "Some poor

devil is making his last stand."

Dickson said not a word but from his keen gray eyes flashed a strange light. Without hesitation he snatched his rifle from the sled,

untied the dogs and without second consideration sped to assist a brother in distress. Jacobs, revolver in hand, followed without delay.

In a little hollow far out in the land of blizzards, ice, and aweinspiring the land that God must have forgotten, wilderness—in

three brothers fought valiantly a losing battle. Together their firearms barked into the cold crisp air, but wolves, frenzied with the pangs

of hunger, are devoid of fear, and the battle, noble as it was, rested in the hands of Fate, and Fate decreed to snip the life thread of three earthly sons.

Darkness enfolded the unkind world, and distant stars appeared to cast their mellow light upon the scene below. Night passed, and

long before the light of dawn kissed the snowy fields the last wolf of the preying pack slinked through the fringing forest.

Some days later the searching party from Five Forks reached the scene, but there was little left to tell the tale save Jacob's gold.

Among the searchers, who stood silently with bared heads, was the unknown stranger and he was murmuring words unto himself:

Gold and glory cannot long endure,

Material as they are and so impure.

Tis not the will of Him above, as thou art loved. Who teaches—love

Sandy, Utah, R. D. No. 1

MADAM'S MOTTO

By John Garrett O'Brien

Betty felt nervous and distracted. Her parents had succumbed

to pneumonia when she was fourteen, leaving very little besides a sweet memory that she cherished. Then a rich aunt in New York

had offered her a home and a brilliant future, if she would consider the stage as a career, but Betty had refused, choosing to work in a garment factory.

This she had done for a year. But a strike had been called,

lasting for three weeks without any sign of settlement, and her money had nearly gone, although she had never been extravagant. It almost

looked as if she would have to accept her aunt's offer, as she was unable to find other work.

Suddenly she smiled, remembering her best friend in Stilsboro, a

Madam Gibson, who had a nice little bonnet shop. So she fluffed out

her hair to a brighter radiance, put on her one best suit, and went to see her. "Poor child!"cried her friend, smiling at a chic little hat she

held in her delicate, blueveined hands, before laying it aside. "You

must stay to supper. My assistant has left me, so I'll be busy for a

little. But,"she added impressively, "don't be in a us hurry—let

talk it over, at least. You see, your mother put you in the holy place

of her heart, Betty, and stage life would seem to be like stabbing her in the back."

Betty sat listening at times; at others, watching her waiting on

patrons. Then she helped her to arrange the table, and prepare a

simple meal, after which they drew the blinds and sat by a steaming radiator for a little before talking. But Betty listened to every word,

as Madam had frequently visited the factory at noon hours, and she belonged to her big Bible class.

"I can speak from experience about the stage,"she said presently, "as I sang with my husband for two years. But I quickly tired of

it, and opened my bonnet shop. Then I tried to persuade him to

find some other calling, but the life had too great a hold on him.

He died five years ago."

Betty took a deep breath; also the shapely hand near hers, for her

friend sighed deeply. "There,"she soothed, "don't tell me any more

unless you wish."But her hostess smilingly continued, "it seems

but yesterday that I kissed his cold lips, and cried myself to sleep.

He was a good man; but not a Christian. Betty, you have a hard

problem to face, because your aunt is persistent. But stage life has

applause, glamor, and general environtoo many temptations—the

950 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sear the consciencemcnt are too alluring for real peace of mind—they

in time. "I wouldn't have much rest if I thought you were an actress.

I knew your mother, and I love my girls too well to let one of them become an actress without remonstrating!"Here she paused, heavyeyed, her lips hot tear splashing on Betty's hand who trembling—a

wound her young arms about her neck.

"I'm very silly,"she murmured, "very silly!"said Betty. "You

are not, you have a kind heart!"Then she sat silently watching

her, her heart flooding with protective pity, for the woman was hardly thirty, though she was slightly gray. Her face was patrician,

eyes large and gray like gray seas, her lips were sensitive though exquisitely formed, and her figure slim and symmetrical.

. "I wonder what those little specks in each eye mean?"she

mused, speculatively, feeling happy as she gazed at her calm expression.

Then she forgot her own misery, for a yearning to befriend her surged into her mind, till her heart was filled with a longing to be of service.

"I wish she would let me work for her!"she speculated*. And as

if divining her thoughts, Madam took her to see a cozy little bedroom adjoining her's. "Betty, I'll be delighted to have you,"she

said slowly, "but I can only afford to pay you ten dollars a week with room and your meals."

Then, when her hostess smiled assent, "Why notyou—really?"Betty hugged her arm. "Oh, Madam, may I really live with

seven? The most I ever made at the factory wasgive me less,—say

twelve, and I had to pay for everything."

"Ten, my dear, and fifteen, when you learn to trim hats!"

insisted her smiling companion. "But,"sweetly serious, "are you

sure you won't be lonely? I seldom go anywhere except to meeting,

and you and Diana will be my only companions."

Diana, a lovely Persian cat, tabby, and with long fur rubbed against their skirts at that moment, purring joyously. "Oh, Madam,

I want no one else!"she jubilated, receiving such a hearty welcome

that she moved her few possessions into her room next day.

And then it was that she began to learn the mysteries of how to trim hats, and wait on customers, listening to everything that Madam had to say; and even offering suggestions before many months as she

had a sense of her own about colors harmonizing, and originality of designs.

Betty took a delight in her work, tried to remember names and faces, and imitated Madam in courteously inviting patrons to call again, even if they did not buy the first time. The Easter rush had

a charm of its own. She liked the long hours as it seemed like

a fairyland of enchantment waiting on the fashionably gowned ladies

MADAM'S MOTTO 951

that called; though she liked the girls better, as they were easier to

please.

Alas! it was over far too soon to suit her, and now came the

long summer months when business was more or less dull. But always

was there some new design, some dainty model, some attractive shape to keep the cash register tinkling. And the evenings were ideal to

Betty, for Madame read the Bible, and told little mind stories that cheered her wonderfully, and helped her to forget that her aunt had disowned her.

A glorious September followed a torrid August. But Betty

was feeling uneasy, for Madam's eyesight seemed to be failing. She

always had used glasses to read, and now she wore them in the shop.

Then, too, she often asked about various colors, blue and green in particular, telling the girl one evening that she had a cataract on each eye. "Oh, you poor dear!"cried Betty, deciding to be eyes and ears

for her in the future, and working harder than before to learn all she could. Often did Madam try to stop her, but the girl only laughed

back, reminding her that she might have been an actress but for her;

whereas, now she was learning a business that had a limitless future.

The kindly woman had also raised her salary to fifteen dollars a week though really not able to afford it. Betty had remonstrated,

but without avail, as she could see by the books that her business was not as good as the previous year. So she had placed a reserve of one

hundred and thirty dollars aside by the end of October, which came in useful, as Madam needed nearly that amount to pay cash for her

Christmas goods.

"I'll pay you back,"she said graciously, thanking her for lending it. "Indeed you will not!"cried Betty. "I have saved sixty

besides, and I really owe it to you for having taught me so much instead of keeping me in the workroom."But her employer only

smiled in her friendly way, before entering it as a loan in the books, plead as the girl would.

Alone one evening, Madam having gone to a meeting without her as she had a headache, Betty decided to write to her aunt to ask her to lend her money so that her friend could nave the cataracts removed by a specialist. The pen seemed like a live thing in her

the girlsfingers, as she explained how dear she was, how kindly—how

in her class loved a pity it would be if she lost her eyeher—what

promising her to repay in full, if it took her years to do so.sight—and

She ended with an appeal taken from the Bible that Madam had chosen as her life motto: "In as much as ye do it to one of these,ye do it unto me—"And this she mailed with a petition that it

might be answered, trying to believe, though her aunt had only written to her once, ignoring the letter she sent every week,

A week passed, a month; no reply although Betty wrote reg952 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ularly, inserting a little plea in each letter as Madam was getting worse. How the Christmas rush passed, the girl never knew, but

it did, and nearly all of the hats were sold. Then the New Year

came, and with the tinkling chimes Betty caught a sudden inspiration.

seemedShe would go to New York to see her aunt—she must—it

as if some great power were sending her.

So she prayed about it, and was on the point of leaving when a tall man called, introduced himself as her aunt's lawyer, and after clearing his throat asked to see her in private.

Betty smiled, although he looked stern, his jaw aggressive, his eyes like cold sapphires. "I have no secrets from Madam,"she

hastened to say before introducing them. And then sat listening as

if in a trance when he stated that her aunt had died from a sudden accident; that she had bequeathed her three thousand a year for life,

which would be paid biannually in advance; and the rest of her

fortune, nearly a million, her house and property if she decided to become an actress within a it would go to the next year—otherwise

of kin.

Then he handed her a check for fifteen hundred dollars and his card, and told her that she would only have to acquaint him if she changed her mind, and he would see to the rest of it

Here he stopped, for Betty broke in abruptly, though gently.

"Thanks, Sir, but I would not go on the stage for all the gold in America!"she said without a quiver, as. she faced him. "Life is

too short to devote even part of it to amusing people. I want to

try to help others."

The prim legalist glanced at her pityingly, a slight frown creasing his forehead, as he added that she might change her mind in a year, and left after stating that Mrs. Rogers'funeral had already

taken place, smiling for the first time, for Betty was crying.

Madam, her arms extended, came to the girl's side, and, twined in each other's embrace, Betty felt her sorrow leaving, her heart warming as her friend whispered little soothing words of comfort.

"Do you really mean that you have decided not to go on the stage?"

she asked, searching her intently with her soulfilled gray eyes.

"Of course! How can I when we read the Bible together? What

is truth but enlightenment, dear?"

Madam's caressing arms tightened as she kissed her lips for the first time, sending a glowing warmth to Betty's heart as she returned it. And then an extraordinary thing happened, for the bell rar.g

and in came the legalist, Mrs. Rogers, the girl's aunt with him, and a

man with one of the kindest faces that the girl had ever seen.

"I received all your letters, Betty,"she said quietly, loosening her fur coat, and advancing with outstretched hands. "Forgive me,but—"she gazed at her inquiringly—"but I wanted to see if there

was anything to this Christianity that you write about!"

MADAM'S MOTTO 953

As if in a dream Betty returned her kiss, found herself listening to a celebrated cataract specialist saying that he would soon restore

Madam's eyesight, try as she would to expostulate, and presently the a vestige ofmen left, so they were alone with each other—not

hauteur in Mrs. Rogers'smiles and kindliness as expression—only

tbey sat chatting.

very "Oh, Aunt Agnes, you've made me very happy—very,

happy!"cried Betty, after seeing her to a hotel, as she handed her

back the check.

"Inasmuch!"she answered dreamily. "Keep it, child. You can

use it to buy a partnership with Madam wishes to make Gibson—she

you so without I won't hear of such a poyment—but thing—sche

has meant more to you and me than all my money!"

And Mrs. Rogers it was who vied with the nurses to halp to

cheer the kindly patient when she was recovering after the operation.

She never seemed tired of reading though the light was dim. And she

it was who sent such a variety of bewilderingly lovely hats, shapes, plumes, and various material when she was able to attend to her Dusisparkled clear andness again, that Madam's gray bright—eyes—now

in happy wonderment at it all.

Betty, her partner, often felt her heart too full to speak, for

Madam was humming, the workroom full of efficient help—girlsf:cm her Bible class whom she could pay good salaries without fearing

where the rent was coming from; for business was on a constant inMrs. Rogers kept writing long, cheery letters that rangcrease—and

with joy of her newly found Truth. "Inasmuch—"she would answer when they wrote trying to

expostulate every time she sent some package of wondrous creations.

And before a year passed she came to live with them, having endowed a home for the blind where they could weave baskets and make flowers.

Nor was she happy unless doing something unostentatiously for others.

"Betty,"she would whisper in a low, happy undertone, "ourMadam has a grand motto—"And Betty, her heart singing, would

bow her head.

Chicago, III.

Radio Waves

It is jealousy to do and say a mean little thing in a mean little way.

The person without a sense of humor should adopt a calling that does not bring him into contact with his fellow man.

Friendship never yet authorized a person to say disagreeable things to his intimates. On the contrary the better acquainted you become with a

person, the -more necessary is tact and courtesy.

He who has found his work and is happy in it should ask for no other blessedness.

San Diego, Cal. DOROTHY C. RETSLOFF

MUCH CRY AND LITTLE WOOL

By H. L. Johnston

Among all men to be pitied is he who after some successful venture allows his head to swell and considers himself a superior being.

As soon as a man reaches such a condition, becomes selfsatisfied, the brake has been applied to his ambition, he makes no further progress in the world, because he is too much occupied in the pastime of self admiration. He is to be compared to an automobile laboring

to top a steep hill with all the brakes set. No chance for him to

utilize the power of the mind. He is wasting his time engine—his

bragging about his accomplishments when he could be doing something really worth while by kicking off the fetter of selfconceit and getting out of the rut of selfcontemplation. He is wasting his power,

just the same as the engine laboring up the steep hill with brakes set, for the people he gets to listen to him go away undeceived. They

know that he is handing them the "puff."It is a case of much cry

and little wool.

A man, now in the public eye, William McFee, writer of virile stories of the sea and little known places of the world, thanks his fate that he met with rebuffs at the hands of various editors when he first thought he could write stories. For year after year he stormed

the iron doors of their editorial sanctums until he had been tendered enough rejection slips to stuff a goodsized mattress. Had he met

with success in those early days, he might have developed what he calls "Piffling Precocity."He might have felt satisfied with himself

and settled down to turning out work of "Piffling Precocity."Being

selfsatisfied, the brake would have held him back and kept him from developing into a writer of stories that live. Sand, and the ability to

know what was the matter with his work, keeping everlastinly at it, won for him in the end. He is still progressing and broadening out

and is now lecturing to people who are glad to hear him talk, for in his words they hear no off color notes of conceit.

Let a man laboring in humility do good deeds to the very utmost of his ability, and in time his work will be like a great light upon the highest hill where it can never be hidden from the world. He, who in

his conceit, tries to atract the attention of the world to come and praise the work he has done, and is satisfied with himself, soon finds that the light he has set going is shut off from the world by the rank growth of weeds called conceit. His light is extinguished by the

breath of ridicule and the open sneers of the people he most desires to impress with his greatness. To quote Horace in a reverse manner:

"All his swans are geese;"his mountains turn to mole hills and the

aas has leaked out of his toy balloon. He is to be likened unto the fia

MUCH CRY AND LITTLE WOOL 955

tree that withered. The good Book tells us that when Jesus and the

twelve hungered and looked for food, they saw a fig tree that differed from the rest as it was in full leaf, though the season for fruit had not arrived. Now a fig tree puts forth its leaves after the fruit has

formed, and this tree, although the other trees in the orchard were bare and gave no promise of fruit for some time, waved its limbs as if in boastful assertion of superiority. But when Jesus put forth his

hand to pluck the fruit he found that the tree was a showy fruitless barren thing, destitute even of last year's fruit. Then the Mastei said

to the tree:

"Let no fruit grow on thee henceforth forever."So it is with

the showy conceited human being who waves his arms and calls the world's attention to his selfstyled feats of wonder. He is blinded so

much by his own importance that he withers, himself as the fig tree was withered by the hand of Christ and is "henceforth and forever"as useless to himself and to humanity as the very tree that stood out in such a boastful way before the Master and his beloved Twelve.

Conceit is the stumbling block in the pathway of Progress. It

makes a man or woman the laughingstock of all their friends. It

is the millstone around the neck of a struggling human in the deep water of opportunity. Remember the words of the great teacher:

"The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down."(Isaiah 2:11). "Be not wise in your

own conceit."(Rom. 12:16.)

Tobar, Nev.

How Wonderful Are Thy Works, Oh Lord!

Night Sounds

Do you think the forest silent, in the Summer's warm, dark night?

List the hoot of the owl, the timber wolf's howl,

Ten thousand beetles in flight.

frogs their voices raise; The fox bark, the cry of bobcat—the

And chirps the cricket, while from the thicket

The thrush trills forth sweet lays.

Forest Life

As dawn steals over the mountain, the mocking bird's full song

Swells sweet on the air of the glade so fair

To wake the woodland throng.

His mate in her nest in the oak tree, near the tiny, winding creek,

Protects from harm, and keeps so warm

Their little birdlings six.

The dell is a picture of beauty, among tall conifers there,

With sylvan bowers, green moss and flowers,

And grass waving everywhere.

956 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The deer came down from the hillside to drink at the crystal stream,

Where bright hued trout flash in and out

The mossy stones between.

High in the blue, the eagle watches the life below,

As the sun's bright ray dries the dew away,

Where the gentians and violets grow.

The chipmunk and frisky squirrel, on the hollow pine trees limb,

Scold the saucy jay, the woodbird gray

And the parrot all red and green.

The Warning The sun ascends to its zenith; the song bird's voice is still;

The turkey goes to yon thick grove;

Wolf and deer seek the hill.

Oppressive the air and heavy, as clouds spread dark on high,

A fear doth fall, on great and small

Some dread event it nigh.

The bee ceased his buzzing; seeks the eagle yon crag so high,

Bird and brute alike are mute,

All save the frog's shrill cry.

Dark grow the clouds and darker; old bruin sniffs the air;

The cunning fox hides in.the rocks;

The panther seeks his lair.

The Storm A roar comes with the south wind, the sunlight turns to night,

A blinding flash, swift raindrops dash,

The Storm King rides in might.

The tempest breaks in fury! A hurricane doth blow!

Then fast, on all, great hailstones fall,

Causing death and woe.

Great trees are rent asunder; destruction fills the vale;

Dark waters roar, deluges pour,

In drifts heaps high the hail.

The young of partridge and turkey, of night hawk, sparrow and lark,

Insects and mice, deprived of life,

Float away on the torrent dark.

After the Storm The storm passes on, its rumbling is dying fast away;

The clouds fly north, the sun bursts forth

And warms earth with its ray.

The mock bird shakes the rain drops, to his mate in the oak tree flies;

Dead in the nest! Her faithful breast

Their fledgelings keeps alive.

Ragged the forest and broken! Of leaves the shrubbery bare!

In a tangled mass lie flowers and grass,

Deep gutters washed here and there.

Where once smiled a picture of beauty reigns desolation today;

Wise nature, leal, the wounds will heal,

As years pass on their way.

Colonia Juarez, Chih. Mexico. J. H. MARTINEAU.

Scenes in Cathedral Gulch, Nevada

CATHEDRAL GULCH: A WESTERN

WONDER SPOT By Thomas L. Martin, Professor of Agronomy, Brigham

Young University

Since President Harding, Dr. Henry Cowles, of the Brigham

Young University Alpine Summer School, and many other noted persons have proclaimed the beauties of Bryce Canyon, and Southern

Utah in general, these aweinspiring natural wonders are becoming world renowned. Tourists from far and near are making special

efforts to feast their eyes upon the color, and try to fathom the mysteries of nature, found in this region. Some of them are contented to stop their cars, get out for a few moments to glance around,

and then rush onward to another locality marked in their guide books.

In others, the deeper emotions are aroused at the sights, and they wish to see, and to feel, and to enjoy the region to the fullest.

To the latter class of nature lovers I would recommend a fourhour trip from the Southern Utah wonders to Cathedral Gulch in the eastern part of Nevada. Like most scenes which make the soul thrill,

this Gulch, which is located about sixteen miles west of Caliente near the little town of Panaca, cannot easily be described in words. A

masterpainting must be seen to be appreciated.

To those who have seen the great cathedrals of Europe, with their myriads of spires, all symbolically pointing to the heavens.

Cathedral Gulch may best be described by likening it to all the cathedrals 958 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Scenes in Cathedral Gulch. Nevada

in the world, large and small, huddled together in a little gulch. But,

instead of the spires being of a single color like those of a cathedral, the hand of nature has cleverly painted part of these natural ones in red and yellow hues, leaving just enough of them grey or a beautiful white to bring out forcefully the beauties of the colored ones. A closer view

of these cathedrallike structures shows them to be made up of myriads of huge pencils of earthy materials some of which tower fully eigthy feet into the air.

Just as in a dense city one finds scattered buildings on the outskirts, which are separated from the mass city, one finds, on the outskirts, in this fair city, isolated cathedrals of various designs. Two

of them are shown in the accompanying illustrations.

In traveling up and down the two miles of this fairyland, numerCATHEDRAL GULCH 959

ous caves of varying magnitude and interest are found. Many of

them are not visible until curious footsteps lead one to seek the hidden mysteries of the cathedrals.

The effect which the valley has upon travelers is partially reflected in the names given to certain of the more prominent views.

'%*!M

Scenes in Cathedral Gulch, Nevada

One is called Celestial Tower; another, the Gates of Apollo; another,

the Meeting Place of the Gods; and another, The Garden of the

Fairies. Almost all the more plainly visible portions have equally

fantastic names. Magnificence and mystery are written over everything, but it would be difficult for either artist or writer to convey the ideas impressed by the sights, to one who has not seen them.

Besides the poetic beauty of Cathedral Gulch, there is much to please the eye and stimulate the mind of the geologist or the soil scientist. To such a visitor the scene suggests a time when water was

much more plentiful than at present. During hundreds of years in the

far past, torrential rainstorms in the mountains to the north have

Scenes in Cathedral Gulch, Nevada picked up the loose material and smoothly spread it out when the water reached the level land in the gulch. Coming from different formations

in the mountains, the sediment, which consists of the flourlike soil mixed with a small amount of fine sand, the different layers of material are differently colored. Then, during more recent times,

smaller floods have washed deep, wide valleys in the center of this tableland, exposing to view the various beautiful layers of this, 960 IMPROVEMENT ERA

several hundred feet deep deposit. The fine soil was very easily

washed away when once the gorge was cut through the valley, and the drizzling rains of recent times have carved out the weaker portions and left the fantastic pillars, the cathedrallike structures, the nature beauties of which the citizens of the town of Panaca are justly proud.

Like all great works of nature with their tendencies to stimulate a reverential attitude, the Cathedral Gulch does its part in this regard.

When one is making his way among the pillars they somehow cause the eye to look reverentially toward the heavens. It is easy to image

the loving care which the Creator exercised in carving this beautiful gulch; it is easy to think that he built it with the specific purpose or

causing his children to forget the gross ways of the world and think of the One in heaven. Certain it is that no one with a spark of

reverence in his soul will fail to think of God and his wonderful works when he sees and works his way through this garden of spires.

A man is led to feel as George Matthew Adams did, when he contemplated the many Godwonders of nature:

"I have often walked over the tracks that the Creator of the world surely canyons deep and winding, with rushing streams paced—through

kissing their sides and breathing like the music of a distant harp.

"Above, towering rocks of a thousand formations have talked to me of ages dead and gone, but alive again because of their suggestive tracks.

Here a dizzy peak reaching hands to the sky; there a range of mountains,

majestic, glorious, and hiding stories of a thousand trails.

"Surely in this world, here and now, are to be found the Footprints of the Almighty."

Provo, Utah

Scenes in Cathedral Gulch, Nevada

THE BANDIT OF THE YELLOWSTONE By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

When Cleo and Jean Despain arrived at the entrance to Yellowstone Park they felt like they had embarked on an adventure. The

north wind blown in their faces and a glimpse of the silver sheen of the Madison river between the pines gleaming in the morning sun further carried out this impression, but when Joe Hull, typical westerner, was assigned to their coach, they were sure of it. With

straight lips and bold eyes set in a face of bronze, he looked like a man who took what he wanted. A flannel shirt sat square on his

lean, broad shoulders, and his corduroy trousers were tucked into elkskin boots which were tied in a peculiar knot at the top.

Involuntarily Cleo found herself comparing him with her fiance,

Ed Powell, who worked in the railroad office with her at home.

Ed was anything but heroic. She was glad that she had tucked

her ruby engagement ring into her boot. People were never interested

in an engaged girl. Others assigned to their coach were Miss Cluff,

a school teacher from the East, Mr. Dent, a little photographer, and

the driver, nicknamed Kentucky, because he hailed from that state.

The girls were surprised at the pine trees (85 per cent of the Park is forest) and at the absence of life, for as no firearms are allowed in the Park they expected to see an abundance of game. Winter

is the greatest enemy of life, and it reigns here ten months in the year. For the rest, things prey on one another. But fish are plentiful,

is fisherman's paradise. In fact the yarn that won Jim Bridger—it

the sobriquet of Baron Munchausen of the west can almost be verified.

Trout caught in the Firehole river can be flopped into one of the boiling geysers along the edge and cooked.

The old scout, discoverer of the Great Salt Lake, was one of earth thatthe first to tell of the wonders of the Yellowstone,—the

poured forth steam, the stone forest, the glass mountain, alum creek, that reduced a horse to a Shetland pony! Yet much of what he told

was true. He neglected to say that the Glass mountain was black.

it, but the obsidian cliff was theHe claimed he saw a deer through armory of the Indians, where they manufactured their spear points and arrow heads. The first white men had to set it afire and melt

it before they could chip a road around it.

At the Norris geyser basin the travelers were regaled with breakfast. Afterwards the girls sat in the sun, at the back of the camp,

and fed jellycake to the chipmunks that ran along the fallen logs.

During the long ride that day they were introduced to the 962 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wonderful coloring of the Yellowstone, "land of the yellow rocks, as the Indians called it.

Mr. Dent, the photographer, deplored the fact that the camera

could not catch this, and longed for the advance of color photography.

He explained that the water of all this region, heated with underground fires, carries minerals in solution which colors the springs, the canyon and the terraces. The water is like the blood; where it flows is life,

where it ceases is death. Or like Egypt and the the Nile—beyond

lifegiving water lies the desert.

The tourists saw the regurgitating "Paint pots"stewing their

Grotto Geyser

claylike pigments-. They witnessed the spraying of the Riverside

geyser, gazed with awe at the somnolent Excelsior which only rouses itself once in several years to blow off the top of the earth's surface, were enveloped in the rosecolored aura of Prismatic Pool, and exclaimed at the irredescent beauty of Sunset Lake, At Biscuit basin, where they alighted to look at rock formations, the horses started up, throwing Miss Cluff against the wheel.

As they pulled into the geyser camp, which looked like Pittsburg of a smoky evening, Cleo shivered.

"I don't wonder that the Indians refused to stay here. Some of

these fumes are like those of the nether regions."The geysers were

THE BANDIT OF YELLOWSTONE 963

avoided as accursed by the bolder Indians, and only a cowardly tribe called the Sheepeaters sought refuge from their foes there.

The girls tiredly crawled into their camp beds and drowsed to sleep with the murmur of the pines and the roar of the geysers in their ears.

They awoke to the crackling of the camp stove and the singing of the tea kettle. Donning stout clothing they were ready to

explore, the country for they had a full day here. They drove in the

Riverside Geyser in Action

coaches to see the jewel springs: the Pearl, the Turquoise, the Beryle,

the Saphire, and the most beautiful spring in the Park. Emerald,—the

The company guide had formerly been a minister, and he explained the marvels of the Yellowstone with awe in his voice. In one spring

the girls saw the stairs of Mary, Queen of Scots, at the foot of which lurked the assassins waiting for Darnley. They were much diverted

by the Handkerchief spring which does laundry alas, work,—but

it reduced a man's flannel shirt to a shrunken rag.

9 64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It took a woman's fancy to see, in the delicate spray of one geyser, her Fan, and in another the swirling Turban of a Turkish dervish. She fain would bathe in Beauty spring and nearby she

found the Sponge. The Grotto suggests the fantastic formation of

the sea, the Economic sucks back her water, Artimisia run away. The

Lion roars every day before he plays, but the Lioness and Cub are more femininely uncertain in their habits.

That afternoon while Jean lay down after lunch Cleo wandered to the nearby geysers to take some pictures. Near the Giant she met

the cowboy of the coach.

-. "This geyser had part of its crater blown away when some

tourists threw soap in it,"he said. He showed her the battlemented

Castk and explained how the cones are gradually built up by the mineral deposit of the water.

"Sometimes they get so high that the geyser commits suicide,"said he, "and the water escapes somewhere else."So even the geysers

are subject to the immutable laws of life and death.

They saw Jean running down the. hillside.

"A bear was after me,"she exclaimed breathlessly.

Mr. Hull laughed shortly. "They're all tame, hereabout. They

come down to the hotel to feed off the garbage."

That evening, under the guidance of "Soap Box,"one of the drivers, they walked a mile over to Old Faithful Inn. He warned

them against stumbling into the hot pools, as a boy had recently scalded his limbs there. They found Old Faithful Inn a gigantic

log cabin de luxe, with an immense rock fireplace, rustic balustrades, and tables decorated with wild flowers.

The searchlight played on Old Faithful geyser which erupts every hour on schedule time. "Soap box"told the girls that it throws

out enough water in a day to supply a city of 300,000 inhabitants.

He added that in the winter it rises 2,000 feet in the air and can be seen for a distance of ten miles.

The next morning before they started the Despain girls walked down to look into the gorgeous blue depths of the Morning Glory spring. Despite warnings as to the deleterious properties of the water,

Jean insisted on tasting some which she found very hot. Joe Hull

was not in the coach when they started out, Cleo noted dissappointedly.

That day they passed a lily pond set rakishly atop of the continental divide. Once a mildeyed deer came and gazed at them out

of the forest. Suddenly as they rounded a turn came a sharp command, "Stop!"

A man in a long overcoat, a bandanna over his face, stood by the road with his revolver leveled at them.

"I want your money,"he ordered. When Mr. Dent tried to hide

his pocket book the bandit seized it rudely, ripped it open and threw its securities into the brush. The driver's silver change, Cleo's fifteen

THE BANDIT OF YELLOWSTONE $65

Old Faithful Inn and Geyser

dollars, the school teacher's purse, he dropped into a sack at his feet.

When Cleo offered her watch, he said brusquely, "Don't want women's jewelry."Something in the tone of his voice made Cleo

search for his eyes. She glanced at his feet. He wore elkskin boots

tied in a peculiar way!

i He ordered them on. Kentucky whipped up his horses. They

were glad to escape. During the remainder of the ride to the Thumb

station Cleo was silent. She thought of Ed. Powell. He was not

romantic, but he could be depended on. He was fond of her. After

all, what good is a man to a woman if she cannot trust him?

On their arrival at the Thumb station on the shore of Lake

Yellowstone, it developed that the highwayman had held up fifteen coachloads of people and had got away with about $8,000.

Jean was feeling the ill effects of her mineral drink, so they decided to cross on the boat.

"If you had to taste the water, I don't see why you picked the most highly colored spring in the park,"said Cleo petulantly.

After the diabolism of the geysers, the great lonely, misty, gray lake seemed infinitely restful. So did the quiet camp in the pine

trees on its shores. They partook of the Lake trout for supper.

While some danced to the music of a violin in a tiny hall hung with pine boughs, the girls sat around the campfire. The cavalry

were already scouring the hills for the robber. These soldiers patrol

966 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the park. In the winter they travel on skiis over ten feet of snow.

They are marooned in their cabins with the phonograph, which the

Indian calls "canned white man,"as their only company. Cleo

wondered if the bandit would not slip quietly back among the tourists at Old Faithful and come with the next party.

The canyon, the climax of the trip, is approached through the

Hayden valley. The green snake of the river has cut through the stone

blended with all the colors of a Persian rug. The falls, twice as

high as Niagara, plunge from a gigantic boulder. They are ermineYellowstone Lake and Mt. Sheridan

robed, circled with emerald. The canyon, rose, gold, amethyst, and

garnet is like an Oriental city of the Arabian Nights with its parapets and spires.

Jean, suspended on a rope, went down Uncle Tom's trail to the bottom of the falls. From here only can one realize thzir awfulness.

Even assisted by the gallant Kentucky, she dropped her camera which plunged down to the tiny geyserets by the brink of the river. From

Lookout Point the girls gazed dizzily down upon the eagles until their heads reeled.

When they left the next morning it was beginning to snow. All

that oriental beauty was being covered with a white mantle and it was August!

THE BANDIT OF YELLOWSTONE 96 7

The canyon is the climax, the terraces are the denoument of the trip. At the Mammoth hot springs the whole mountain pours forth

in blue sulphur water which decks the terraces in dyes of Tyrian hue. At this western Olympus is the mighty Jupiter; flaunting

Cleopatra in regal splendor; Minerva, Goddess of Wisdom, gray

and worn out; and, trimmed with delicate fretwork, the terrace of

the Angels!

An officer rode up: "No, the highwayman has not been apprehended,"said he.

Things Worth While

It doesn't matter if you're down and out.

Nor what your cares and worries are about,

Nor what experience, each day, betide,

But, did you look upon the brightest side?

That matters.

It matters not what place you're called to fill,

Nor where you live; if skies be mild or chill,

But do you strive to live there cheerfully?

Just say, "This place is best on earth for me."

It matters.

It matters not the task that you must do

Of brain or brawn. It matters not to you.

But if you set your mind and firmly vow

To do.that work the best that you know how,

It matters.

It matters not whose lives you touch each day,

Or whether high, or whether lowly, they,

But oh, how well, if, when the day is done.

Each life has gained from having touched your own,

It matters.

It matters not so much that you are wise

In all the lore of books that people prize;

But, do you hold, at home, or far abroad,

A sweet and simple confidence in God?

That matters.

Tridell, Utah, Alice MORRILL.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS ciability—whoseThe characteristicsfriendshipof isa permanentgood missionaryand sparkling—whoare: A man canwho ingratiatehas sohimself into the confidence and favor of men who are in darkness. This

cannot be done offhand. You must get acquainted with the man, learn

him and gain his confidence and make him feel and know that your only desire is to do good to him and bless him; then you can tell him your message and give him the good things you have for him, kindly and lovingly.

A missionary should have in himself the testimony of the Spirit of Cod, the witness of the Holy Ghost. If he has not this, he has nothing to give.

Men are not converted by eloquence or oratory, they are convinced whenthey are satisfied that you have the truth and the Spirit of God.—President

Joseph F. Smith.

A Live Conference in Fresno

Verna Lindquist writing the Fresno conference held at Fresno, California, May 10 and 11, reported a priesthood meeting Saturday morning, a Relief Society meeting on Saturday afternoon, and an M. I. A. session on

Saturday evening, at which a very fine program was rendered. At the first

general session of the conference held on Sunday morning it was estimated that the largest number of Latterday Saints ever assembled in Fresno attended.

A Mothers'Day program was given and while appropriate music was being played, two little girls gave a white carnation to each of the mothers present.

A tribute to mother was given by Verna Lindquist, and President W. V.

Denning sang, "Wonderful Mother of Mine,"followed by remarks of President Joseph W. McMurrin in keeping with the occasion. Two sessions of

the conference were held: in the afternoon at 2 o'clock and 7:30 in the

evening, both of which were well attended and gospel subjects were ably expounded by the missionaries, who, on the following day, took up their labors in their various fields with added enthusiasm. The Fresno conference is reported to be in good condition.

t,?<m fr c *mWk i 1**?-ff *%

j KC'i

1 \ \w I.sB

Missionaries, top row, left to right: Elder Thompson, William R. Scott, J

Lyman Fawsen; second row, A. H. Tavoian, George M. Frodsham, Murry W.

Pierce, N. K. Sherinian; third row, Arnold L. Jensen, George Z. Aposhian, Irene

Willis, Verna Lindquist, Margaret Caldwell, Glen P. Vincent, Stephen A. Angus;

Bottom row, W. V. Denning, president of the Sacramento conference; Lydia A.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 969

Ekins, president of the Primaries and Y. L. M. I. A.; Joseph G. Jeppson, superintendent of Sunday School and Y. M. M. I. A.; Elmer N. Christoffersen, president

of the Fresno conference; Joseph W. McMurrin, president of the California mission;

Charlotte Stahr, president of the Relief Society; J. Dewey Solomon, president of

the Los Angeles conference; Elsie Hogan, mission corresponding secretary.

Songs of Zion Appeal to the Public

Joseph W. Hoglund, writing from Goteborg, Sweden, May 24, reports that, while the elders are few in numbers, there being only four laboring in Gefle conference, where at one time there were over twenty, considerable progress is being made. "We find it difficult to present the gospel to

the public with so few. Our music has appealed to the public and we have

sixteen choir members in a branch of sixtysix to whom we are greatly indebted for their time and talents in singing the songs of Zion and who are doing much good in building up the cause of the Lord. We find the

Era a source for keeping in contact with the missionary world."

Choir of Gefle branch, Gefle conference, Swedish mission: Back row, Oscar

Sander, Salt Lake City and Vance O. Lind, Lynn, Utah. Front row, Joseph W.

Hoglund, conductor and former branch president, now released and working in

Goteborg conference. The others are local members.

The Music Lessons Appreciated

Samuel H. Hanks, writing from Hamburg, reports the progress of the

Barmbeck branch, one of the five branchss in Hamburg, which is keeping pace with all the others in the matter of b:.ptism. The four missionaries

in the picture have been in the branch since February and they have held a baptism each month. Six friends were baptised on February 24; seven on

March 30; and three in April. "Several of the local Saints have been called

by the mission president as home missionaries, and they work systematically during their spare time under the direction of the elders. All have entered

into the work zealously, and are running the elders a close race for results in tracting and holding house meetings. The Era is used extensively in all

our instruction work; especially at present are the lessons by the Church

Music Committee appreciated, as the recent rendition by the combined Hamburg choir of "The Vision,"and the present preparation work on "The

Martyrs"hj awakened an interest musically among our members and friends.

970 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Really authentic information on the little technicalities on conducting is just what is needed in the several branches."

Missionaries left to right: Glen T. Blake, Samuel H. Hanks, Horace P. Beesley,

a!l of Salt Lake City; and Russel B. Swenson of Pleasant Grove, Utah.

Many Favorable Opportunities Elder Houston Hatch, Buffalo, New York, reports that the missionaries are meeting with success in that district. "We are having many opportunities

to explain the gospel and there are more homes opened to us than we can arrange to call on. We have been having three and four street meetings

a week and have distributed much literature and many small booklets, also some Books of Mormon. We are receiving excellent support from our

Saints here, and we have a very fine Mutual organization and are doing likewise a good work through our Relief Society. We rejoice in our

success as well as in the success of other missionaries in other fields, and our faith and prayers are for the growth of the work everywhere."

Missionaries, left to right, standing: James Delos Thompson, Garland, Utah;

George M. Handy, Boise, Idaho. Sitting: Houston Hatch. Rochester conference

president, Panguitch; Cecil Tebbs, Panguitch; Loa Christensen, Tremonton; and

John L- Emmett, Ogden, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 971

Detroit Saints Visit Kirtland Temple

A party of Latterday Saints of the Detroit Branch, numbering fortyone representatives of the various Church organizations, including missionaries, left Detroit at an early hour on Memorial day enroute to Kirtland,

Ohio, for the purpose of visiting the temple built there under direction of the Prophet Joseph, in 18331836. Eight automobiles carried the happv

crowd, and by 5:30 the same day had covered the distance of two hundred

and twentyfive miles to Dugway Hill, on the southern outskirt of the town of Willoughby, some three miles from Kirtland. Immediately under this

hill lies a beautiful private camping ground owned by Mr. Louis Knieling,

a kindly disposed old gentleman who is investigating the philosophy of "Mormonism."

Mr. Knieling had previously volunteered the use

of his camp to the Detroiters who lost no time in pitching their tents, and entering into the joyous activities incident to such an inspiring outof-door environment. After refreshment, a huge camp fire was

made around which the Saints gathered, and as they sang, "Come, come, ye Saints,"how they "made the air with music ring, how they shouted praises to their God and King."

And as they sang, "Now let us rejoice, in the day of salvation,"how the blood of those sons and daughters of the pioneers thrilled anew with the visualized recollection and evidence of the faith and accomplish- 1**3 ment of their fathers in this H great country.

Presiding Elder Dean E. Hart, second row left in

the picture, gave a resume of the history of the Kirtland Temple. All sang

The Kirtland Temple feelingly, "The Spirit of

God like a fire is burning,"after Mrs. Lucy Wright Snow had explained the conditions under which

this hymn was composed by W. W. Phelps, printed on white satin by request

of the prophet, and sung at the dedication of the temple on March 27, 1836.

Souvenirs of the same hymn, printed on white satin ribbon were presented to the party by the Recreation Committee. [The Era has received several of

these from Mrs. Snow. Thanks.] After benediction was pronounced, quiet

settled over the camp, and all enjoyed a most refreshing sleep. By 9:00 a.

m. next day they were on their way to Kirtland.

Through the efforts of Arthur E. Snow, who had previously become

acquainted with the Presiding Elder of the Reorganized Church, the priv- a

:H& *:n

.S.tt is 5

S.S

M 6J

Dh

CJ O O

rt CO

g.S S a.

so itf -

- *? '5 g Q

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 973

ilege of holding a meeting in the temple was arranged for. This privilege

was duly appreciated, it being perhaps the first meeting held in the temple by our people for more than eighty years. After being escorted through the

building by the attendant in charge, an impressive service was held; Branch

President Archie R. Alger, presided and conducted the meeting. Music appropriate to the occasion was sung, and Elder Dean E. Hart read the dedicatory

prayer from section 109 of the Doctrine and Covenants. Arthur E. Snow,

son of Erastus Snow, paid tribute to the early leaders of the Church and followed the organization of the Church from New York, in 1830, to Salt

Lake City, in 1924.

After the meeting Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Petersen, Pedan Boyce, and Z.

N. Skouson chaperoned the Mutual Improvement Association representatives

and missionaries on a trip to Niagara, while the remaining members of the party returned to Detroit feeling more than repaid for their venture. Lucy

Wright Snow, Royal Oak, Mich.

Twentyone Baptisms in Three Months

V. B. Millard, writing from Houston, Texas, June 11, reports that

President S. O. Bennion of the Central States mission met with the South

and West Texas conferences May 22 and 23. "Three spirited, well attended

meetings were held. Reports of the elders showed good work accomplished.

Twentyone baptisms were reported for the past three months. On May 24

we enjoyed an excursion to Galveston and a swim in the Gulf of Mexico.

During 1923 the elders of South Texas baptized fiftyone people. We are

striving to make 1924 more prosperous. In one little village twelve converts were baptized in four months."

4 -Hj. \*t&M 1

tS J fi jiij Elders left to right, back row: Theodore Collier, Vernal, Utah; William H.

Allen, Pocatello, Idaho; Arden Ogden, McCornick; D. W. Morrill, Torrey; E. LtChristensen, Centerfield; F. O. UThompson, Enterprise, Utah. Middle row: C. M>

Reber, Mesquite, Nevada; Almon G. Clegg, Heber City; S. R. Spencer, Escalante;

A. E. Peterson, Redmond; Golden Haight, Cedar City; R. V. Beckstead, Sandy; L,

P. Varley, Provo, Utah. Bottom row: N. Q. Henrie, Panguitch, Utah, West Texas

conference president; E. L. Erickson, Rexburg, Idaho; E. L. Dyer, local elder; S-

O. Bennion, president Central States Mission; I. H. Taylor, Preston, Idaho, retiring

president of South Texas conference; Vern B,. Menard, Riverton. Utah, president

South Texas conference, 9 74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

From the Ruhr

Elder Eldred V. Robison, writing from the heart of the Ruhr occupation, Germany, sends this photo of the officers of the Essen Sunday

School. "In spite of the disturbances, the elders and branch.are making

good progress, the Sunday School being a very important factor. The attendance this year exceeds that of last year by 100%, the attendance being

now from 150 to 200, among whom are very many friends who can be depended upon. The Sunday School is thoroughly organized with a good,

active body of teachers and children out of whom we hope to make staunch the children of today are the men and women ofmen and women—for

tomorrow. Many people here are searching for the truth. Some have become very bitter and hardened owing to the war. Our members are ready

to assist in every way possible. The picture is of our Sunday School officers and teachers taken May 11, 1924, at the Koine conference. President

Tadje of the SwissGerman Mission and President Wilcox, conference president, were in attendance."

Missionaries are as follows: 1. President Fred Tadje, SwissGerman Mission.

2. Clyde H. Wilcox, conference president. 3. E. Neil Burton, branch president.

4. Eldred O. Robison, superintendent of Sunday Schools. 5. Wille Kunz. first

counselor. 6. Johann Uhshan, second counselor.

"Mormonism"Receives Publicity

Elders Golden W. Harris, Clinton M. Black, and Wendell C. Sevy

have labored assiduously for the past years to open up missionary activities in

Natal, (the semitropical province of -South Africa). Our labors created

comments were considerable interest, both among friend and foe,—several

received by the local papers, some of them warning the people against us.

This resulted in the newspaper, peejple sending their representatives to our room for an interview. Th first, who came, was from "Reuter,"(assoMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 975

dated press) and a friendly comment was sent to the South African Press, and quite generally published. The Representative of the Natal Advertiser

called and questioned us closely, and after an hour and a half conference he j wrote a very fair and straightfor- ward article, which was given first page prominence in the midweek issue. Placards with the selling

headlines were pasted throughout the city and province, "MORMON

Propaganda in Durban."The

accompanying picture shows Conference President Golden W. Harris,

and Elder Wendell C. Sevy standing behind one of these placards on

main street in Durban. The article

announced that "Mormon"elders would call three times at every home in Durban. The people

were therefore anticipating our visit. Following this publicity,

special effort was made by the elders to reach as many people as possible, and during the following month we sold 3 2 Books of Mormon, 28 small books, 265 pamphlets, and distributed 2,850 tracts.

Elder Golden W. Harris.

Pueblo conference missionaries, left to right, bottom row: Grace Jones, Denver

conference; Bessie Steinagel, Denver conference; John M. Knight, mission president;

John T. Rawley, Mt. Home, Utah; J. L. Crowther, Malad, Idaho; N. O. May,

Denver conference; A. B. Larson, conference president. Second row: Jennie Randall,

mission stenographer; Estella Day, Preston Idaho; Alice Kirkham, Salt Lake City;

Naomi Shumway, Bern, Idaho; Clare Middlemiss, Salt Lake City; N. C. Hansen,

Boulder, Utah. Top row: G. L. Scott, I. J. Hanson, Salt Lake City; G. L.

Anderson, Hyrum; E. T. Whitaker, Salt Lake City; Ira Harris, Preston Idaho.

9?6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I Conditions in Sweden

Elder Henry C. Krantz, Gothenburg, Sweden, writing April 22, reports

that the Swedish government is somewhat opposed to the Latterday Saint missionaries entering that country in any great numbers, but a few have been permitted to come in from time to time. "There are four elders in our

district. The people of the city were never more interested than at present.

During our spring conference, held March 2931, our meeting hall was crowded at every session and we have many investigators who give us great encouragement. Some opposition has been published through a local newspaper, agitating the necessity of driving out the 'Mormon'elders, but the

agitation has only acted as an advertisement for our good, for many people come to investigate and they are always treated with courtesy and kindness.

Rather than being discouraged we take consolation from the words of the

Savior to his disciples of old: 'Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you,

and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.'We greatly appreciate the Era and desire our loved ones at home

to know that we are enjoying our missionary work and crave an interest in their faith and prayers to assist us in our calling."

Missionaries left to right, sitting: Hugo D. E. Peterson, president of Swedish

mission; August Hedberg, conference president. Standing: Darcey U. Wright,

Murray; Joseph W. Hoglund, Bountiful; Henry C. Krantz, Salt Lake City.

Bits of Philosophy A golden heart is better than a silver tongue.

The smaller we are the more we talk about what we are.

Getting near to God is largely a matter of getting near to the ground.

You are just as strong as the total weight of the burdens you have borne.

Pleasure is a ripple on the surface of fancy; joy is the deep enduring

glory of the soul.

In religious and moral teachings, an ounce of inspiration is better than a pound of erudition.

The surest mark of the big man i that he does not feel belittled when you call him by his, littlest tjtle

Sglt Uke Qw, Utah NEPHI JENSEN,

A VIOLIN SHOP

By D. W. Parratt

Charles F. Coles is a married man. He has two children, and

yet we call him a "Utah boy."He was born in Salt Lake City about

forty years ago and has lived in our capital city ever since.

For twenty years he has worked as salesman in a large department store, but finds this is not enough to keep his busy mind and hands occupied. He says we have too many men in our state who

work only eight hours a day and loaf the remainder. During these

idle hours their minds become "the devil's workshop,"and in consequence their time is worse than wasted. This, however, is not the

case with Mr. Coles. His hours of recreation are largely spent in the

snug little shop built in the corner of his own home.

It is our pleasure to accept an invitation to visit his place. We

soon locate it at 1206 Laird Avenue, Salt Lake City, and Mrs. Coles

answers the door and smilingly bids us welcome. She directs us

through the cottage to the little room in the southwest corner. Here

we find Mr. Coles busily engaged testing the sounding qualities of

an unvarnished violin upon which he is now working.

He lays the instrument aside and kindly places himself at our service. This is our first experience in a shop of this sort, so we have

many questions to ask. We learn that Mr. Coles has been making

9 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

violins for a number of years and has supplied some of our foremost musicians with his instruments. He first became interested by visiting

a neighbor violin maker. This man was from Sweden, and was a

willing instructor to the inquisitive lad. He greatly encouraged young

Coles and explained many of the problems of the delicate job. Coles

pressed into the work and gradually acquired a working set of tools and a few books of instruction.

He soon learned, however, that books and tools were not enough.

Besides these, it cost hours of patient practice and piles of wasted material before satisfactory results were obtained. "There is no excellency without labor,"and "the price of perfection is steadfast toil."

We see a few pieces of rough, sawed wood, piled on the shelf under the workbench, and wonder what they are for. Each piece is

about sixteen inches long and eight inches wide. It is nigh one and

onehalf inches thick on one edge and thins out to about half that thickness on the other. And we notice a saw has been run partly

through it, cutting the piece almost into flat halves. We see some of

these pieces are of maple and some are of spruce, and learn that they are stock material for the fronts and backs of violins. They are cut to

these sizes and down the centers, so as to allow for the very best seasoning possible.

Mr. Coles explains that these pieces, both maple and spruce, were

imported by him from distant Italy. He says it is quite impossible

to purchase woods properly seasoned and of necessary quality in our country, and, therefore, the need of shipping from abroad.

While talking of this, our host shows us a piece of Utah spruce.

He explains that it is from a short log taken from the old Church

Historian's Office, Salt Lake City, at the time the place was undergoing some repairs, a few years ago. The log bore the name of

George A. Smith, and proved to contain fine material for violins. In

fact, Mr. Coles says he made three splendid instruments from it. One

of these is now the cherished property of Professor James West, instructor of music in the Bingham High School.

Mr. Coles finishes sawing one of the stock pieces of spruce into

halves. He then opens them like he would a book and places the

thick edges together. He explains that by glueing the halves together

in this position, he secures a builtup violin front with the seam down the center and the grain of onehalf just like that of the other.

After being thus glued, the rough piece is surfaced, marked for outline, and sawed to shape. Then with gauge and chisel it is carved

to thickness with the concave and convex surfaces being only about oneeighth of an inch apart. The two "S"-like holes are cut near

the center, and then with a sharp, delicate gauge, a narrow groove is cut all round the front, parallel to the outer edge. Into this groove very

thin strips of ebony and white wood purfling are carefully fitted and glued, making the ornamental inlaid border, so commonly seen on

A VIOLIN SHOP 979

violins. Mr. Coles explains that after the glue is thoroughly dry, the

front receives its final chiseldressing and is then carefully rubbed with fine sandpaper. It is now ready for the base bar.

The base bar is made of the very choicest spruce. It is some

ten or eleven inches long, and is glued lengthwise to the under side of the front, just inside of one of the "S"-shapd holes. It is about

fiveeighths of an inch wide in the middle and tapers towards the ends and is nigh on a quarter of an inch thick. Its main purpose is

to strengthen against the downward pressure of the bridge, but must be so shaped and reduced as not to interfere with the vibrations of the front. This, our informant tells us, can be determined only by testing

and experimenting in every case, because no two pieces of wood are exactly alike. They respond differently to sound vibration.

Our attention is now turned to the making of the back. We learn

this is made in exactly the same way as is the front, except that mapit is used in place of the spruce. Maple is not as good for resounding as

is spruce, but is tough and gives strength to receive the stress made by the tightened strings. The maple used for this purpose must be of

the choicest kind, offering the greatest possible resonance. The back,

of course, is not provided with a base bar or "S"holes, but has the decoration of inlaid purfling.

Thin strips of highgrade maple are used for the sides. These

permit of bending and also provide strength. We are interested in

the bending and wonder how it is done. Mr. Coles readily shows us a

homemade device used for this purpose. It is made of a wooden box

about a foot long, half as wide, and four inches high. To the top is

tacked an arched piece of galvanized iron, resembling the cover of a toy sheepwagon. An iron pipe runs through the box near its top

and projects some four inches beyond one end. A movable alcohol

lamp is placed either below the pipe or under the iron cover. In making

short bends the maple strip is dipped into water and then pressed slowly down over the heated pipe. The steam thus generated goes through

the wood and allows it to bend without much danger of breaking.

For longer bends the wet maple strips are pressed over the heated iron cover.

After being bent, the strips are placed into wooden molds, clamped in place and allowed to dry. This gives them the exact shape

desired. Before they are removed, small corner strips of spruce are

carefully fitted and securely glued to the inside where the strips meet, and when these are dried the molds are separated and the thin walls of the violin removed.

We examine one or two necks that are ready to be glued to violin bodies. We readily see they are of maple and finely carved.

Mr. Coles offers the explanation that while these were hand carved by

himself, most of the necks he uses are purchased ready made. By so

980 IMPROVEMENT ERA

doing, we learn, he can save considerable time so as to give that much more to the proper attuning of the violin bodies.

When these various parts are ready, they are glued together.

Only colorless glue, especially prepared for this sort of work, is used.

It comes in dry form and is manufactured in Chicago. First the

back is glued to the sides and clamped in position till dry. Then

the top is glued and clamped. After this the neck is glued to the body,

and then the fingerboard is secured to the neck.

Mr. Coles informs us the next step is making the sounding post.

This is cylindrical in shape and made of the very best spruce. It is

The Violin Maker at Work in His Shop

usually about onefourth inch in diameter and long enough to reach from the front to the back of the violin. It is put in through one

of the "S"-holes and placed under one base of the bridge so as to carry the stringload through to the tough back of the violin. We have

already seen that the base bar carries the load of the other bridge base, and now it is clear that the great pressure on the bridge due to tightening the violin strings is equally divided between front and back. In

addition to giving strength, the sound post plays an important part in transmitting the vibrations from the front to the back, thereby setting both pieces of wood in resounding motion. The exact size, like that

of the base bar can be determined only by testing and retesting after the strings are tightened. When the sound post is pushed into position,

A VIOLIN SHOP 981

the devise for holding the lower ends of the strings is attached to the body and the keys are pushed into their holes. The bridge is then

properly placed, and all is ready for the strings.

The strings are tightened slowly and carefully to test for weak places in material or construction. Finally, rosin is applied and

the bow drawn. Mr. Coles says this is always an exciting experience,

for in it is determined, to a marked extent, the success of the work.

Usually the strings have to be undone and the front removed in order to make changes in the sound post or base bar. He says it is not at

all unusual for him to thus take down and put together a half dozen times before he is satisfied with volume and quality of sound.

When the final assembly is made our workman cleans his instrument ready for varnish. In this he uses sandpaper of different

grades, but makes the finishing rub with No. 0000. Only oil varnish of best grade is applied to the finished wood. From three to

fifteen days are allowed for drying each coat, and from four to ten coats are given to every instrument. Upon inquiry, we learn that

shellac, or other common wood fillers, cannot be used; because, in

drying they make the wood rigid and thus prevent the necessary vibration to give resonance and volume to the modest sounds produced by the quivering violin strings.

Mr. Coles shows a number of violins brought in for repairs

and explains that considerable of his spare time is given to this kind of work. He says, this, together with making new violins, keeps

him pretty well "out of mischief."He is able to sell all he can make

and has quite an extended range of customers. He shows us a list

of people using his instruments, and we note it includes musicians as far east as Boston, and as far west as San Francisco. He also shows

us a blue ribbon won at the Utah State Fair. This indicates he won

first place in violin displays, and bears evidence of superior workmanship.

We certainly have had a profitable visit with Mr. Coles and

extend hearty thanks for his time and instruction. We leave the place

wishing that every boy and girl in Utah might follow Mr. Coles'

example. Get onto a good "hobby horse,"and ride it hard during

leisure hours when not otherwise engaged in profitable work.

Salt Lake City, Utah

MUSIC

"There is in souls a sympathy with sounds,

And as the mind is pitched, the ear is pleased

With melting airs or martial, brisk or grave.

Some chord in unison, with what we hear

Is touched within us, and the heart replies."

Cowper's TaskTHE VICTORY OF LOVE

By Henry Nicol Adamson

Rita finished off the last stitch in her embroidered work, and laid down her needle with a sigh of satisfaction.

"There, mother, it is finished, and before the year is over I hope all our troubles will be, too! And when we have our liberty we'll

soon make our pile. Now I'm going to get your luncheon."

"Well, I'm sure you have worked hard enough, my dear, since you took that burden on your young shoulders,"said Mrs. Southern

plaintively. She was a delicate woman, with faded prettiness and a

look of helplessness that had no counterpart in her strong, capable daughter's appearance. Rita was not pretty, but there was a vitality

about her, a healthful outof-door look that was very attractive.

She had dark hair and eyes, but her one claim to real beauty was a lovely red color in her cheeks and lips that suggested roses at once to the blushing maiden blooms, but vivid, glowing, dark observer—not

ones. She paused in her toastmaking as she turned to answer her

mother's last remark.

"It is nothing to the load poor father carried,"she said. "I

wish he had lived to see the debt paid it will be."off—as

"I wish you would take things a little easier in the mean while, my dearie,"said her mother querulously. She herself was one of those

who take life easily, and her daughter's strenuous attitude to it was almost a reproach. "You are working too hard, Rita. Don't overdo it, or you'll lose your looks. When did you last see Roth?"

There was a note of anxiety in the utterance of the last words.

"A week ago, mother,"said Rita curtly.

"Here is your luncheon."

"A week ago?"repeated Mrs. Southern. "Take care, my dear,

take care. Don't try his patience too much, or you will lose him."

"I can't help that,"said Rita doggedly. "I won't get married

till that debt is paid off, and I told him so. If he has not patience

to I can't help it, mother!"wait—well,

Her voice rang with the determination that was written on her face. When the dishes were washed up she put on her hat and coat,

and opened the bureau drawer, where she kept her locked cashbox.

"I'm going to Eastbridge,"she said. "I'll just be in time before

Olson's office is closed. But when it comes to the last installment I

am going to George McConaughy myself, and I'll tell him what I think of him. He'll take back what he said about poor father,"

she added, a little vindictively.,

"Oh, my dear, guard your tongue."

"Well, he had no right to say father was not an honest man,"

THE VICTORY OF LOVE 9 83

cried Rita hotly. "I'll make him rue it, hard as he is, and rocks on

the road are not harder than he is."

It was with a glow of satisfaction that she emerged from the lawyer's hot, airless office an hour later, and set off home with a light step. It was a fine spring evening, and a full moon like a great

lamp reflected the lacelike tracing of the branches on the hard read.

A young man was crossing it, evidently on his way to Eastbridge.

"Why, Roth, is that you?"called Rita cheerfully. "Were

you on your way to us? Well, here I am. You did not expect to see

me here, did you?"

"Well, I was not coming out your way tono—that is—no.

night, Rita,"faltered the young fellow, obviously taken aback and ill at ease.

It was not a loverlike greeting, and the girl was conscious of a vague uneasiness, like a chill mist on the sunshine of her happiness.

She remembered her mother's words, but a dogged determination thrust all scruples away and a resolute pride upheld her.

Nothing must come in the way or impede her in her resolution to clear her father's name by the payment of the debt.

She remembered his poor bent shoulders and the broken spirit that looked out of his tired eyes before death set him free, and she needed no other goad to urge her on.

"But I'll come along a part of the road with you, Rita,"said

Roth, rather lamely, as if to atone for the lukewarmness of his first greeting. "Thank you, no, Roth,"said Rita briskly. "I am in a hurry,

and will not take you out of your way."

She was hurt and angry and had little difficulty in cutting short his not too eager expostulations.

He was a fair, foppish lad, with effeminate good looks and no great strength of character. It must have been the attraction of opposites that drew him to the strong, dark girl who was his promised

wife. It was with an odd, dull feeling of pain at her heart that she

sat down to her needlework next morning.

"I saw Roth last night, mother,"she said as she threaded her needle. "Why did you not bring him in for a little while?"asked

her mother reproachfully. "You should not give him the cold

shoulder in the way you are doing. He won't stand much of that

sort of thing. How much have we still to pay? I'm sure if you

would tell Miss Clara she'd let you have the money for your sewing now instead of later on. What is the odds to her?"

"I'll not take a penny till her trousseau is finished and in her hands,"said Rita firmly. She is to be married in March, and 1

promised to finish her things by the New Year. It was good of her

to give me the job instead of handing it to some city shop."

984 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I think I ought to tell you,"said her mother unheeding, "that

I have heard it said that Roth is going a good deal with Elsie Morton.I did not like to say anything to you before, but—

"Oh, well, if it's to be, it's to be,"said Rita wearily. "I can't

do more than I am doing, mother."

Again a chill mist seemed to darken the brightness of the day for her. Her needle was like lead in her fingers and her artist pride

in her lovely work seemed to die away. It was a happy accident that

had lifted her out of the dreary treadmill of village dressmaking and given her more lucrative and congenial work. Her extraordinary

deftness with her needle, artistic eye, and real genius for her work brought into play qualities that had not hithrto been developed.

The debt was not paid off by the New Year. An illness of her

mother's intervened, and Rita's time was taken up with nursing.

The snowdrops bloomed and the crocuses and the daffodils began to bud before the day came. It was a clear March evening, with a

glowing western sky, and wintry cold. Rita had gone to pick the

first daffodil, and see if there was a newlaid egg for her mother's supper, when the postman brought Clara Afton's letter, with its enclosed money order and grateful appreciation of Rita's needlecraft.

There was another letter, too, in a sprawling, unlettered handwriting that she had not seen of late. She tore it open and read it with an

angry little laugh. Roth's wavering affections hastened to waver,

and had settled on Elsie Morton, the grocer's daughter. He knew Rita

would forgive him, and hoped she would remain his friend!

"Mother,"she said, in cold, level tones, "I have a letter from

Roth telling me he is going to marry Elsie Morton."

"Oh, my dear, my dear,"wailed her mother, "I am heart sorry for you, that I am! Now, don't be grieving over him and makingyourself ill. Oh, to think that this should happen to you, of all—

"Never mind about me, mother,"interposed Rita, with a scornful, little laugh. "I knew it would happen, and I'm not caring. Here's

Miss Clara's letter with my money. I'm going to cash the order at

once, then I'll away out to George McConaughy, as I said I would, when it came to the last installment. And I'll go to bed tonight the

happiest woman in the land."

The cottage occupied by Mrs. Southern and her daughter was a

good two miles from Eastbridge, and the nearest house was George

McConaughy's lonely farm just over the hill. It was with a sense of

angry triumph that she knocked at the door. The housekeeper opened

it, a stout, unprepossessing woman, with black hair tightly strained back, and black eyes like dull boot buttons that stared rudely at the younger woman, who called at this untimely hour. "I want to see

Mr. McConaughy on important business,"said Rita, with cool

civility and quite undismayed.

She was ushered into the room where the head of the house was

THE VICTORY OF LOVE 9 85

seated at a desk. He arose with a puzzled expression to meet the

visitor. He was an old young man, with a thin, hardfeatured face

and a forbidding expression. There were furrows on his face not

due to age, and the hair on his temples was beginning to turn grey.

Rita's trained eye took all this in at a glance, also the unlovely room, with its ashy fire in an illkept grate, its unventilated atmosphere, the not too clean window panes, all as offensive to her beautyloving soul as the owner was.

"I have come to tell you, Mr. McConaughy, that my father's

debt to you is now completely discharged."

"I am glad of that, Miss Southern,"said McConaughy formally.

"Not more than I am. And now I'll thank you to take back all

the hard, cruel, and wholly untrue things you have said about my father, Mr. McConaughy."

McConaughy, completely taken back, stared at her in dumb amazement, cudgelling his brain to remember what he could have said about foolish, inept James Southern, who had almost faded from his memory. "I am sorry,"he faltered. "But what did I say?"

"That he was not an honest man,"flushed Rita. He was an unfortunate one, but an honester man never trod the earth."

"I don't think I ever said anything about your father's probity,"said McConaughy, speaking in strange to say, gentler tones than his wont. "Your father was not a business man. He made mistakes."

"Well, he was the loser by that himself,"said Rita passionately.

"You have not lost, anyway, and if he was unbusinesslike, what of the people with stronger heads that let him make their mistakes—to

own profit!"

"I am sorry,"he said quietly, his gaze riveted by the glorious flush on the angry girl's face before him.

"Like a red, red rose,"was the thought that involuntarily occured to him, and he heard only the words of the old song, only half heeding the denunciations that his visitor continued to hurl at him. "You may well be. He went to his grave with a broken heart.

us into theYou deserve to suffer, as you made him suffer—and

bargain. Goodbye."She turned on her heel and left him.

In her heart she was a little ashamed of her vindictive words, he had taken them so gently.

George McConaughy reseated himself at his desk, and opened an old ledger. But he could not attend to his pages of figures. She

had called him hard and cruel, had said that he, of all men, had made others suffer. He was a hard man, and deserved much of what was said

of him, but he had been hardly dealt with, too. The part of the

prodigal's brother is an ungracious one at all times, and he had played it to a family of thankless reprobates, himself the one upright member.

9 86 IMPROVEMENT ERA

He alone had retrieved their disgraces, and been the support of a brokenhearted mother, who had not listened to his ultimate triumph over destiny.

Since then he had accumulated land and wealth, and in the process had become selfrighteous, and encased himself in the armor that had gained him the name of a hard man. But that he had ever

made any one suffer had never once entered his mind in the remotest degree. His hands were unsteady, and the figures danced before his

eyes as he tried to balance his columns. And in the dusty ledgers of

his memory there awoke and stirred all sorts of dreams that quickened into life, and obliterated the arithmetical symbols before him, gardens

sorts of dream pictures from his long lost youth. In his ears rang-—allof roses, sunlit blue seas, with flashes of white wings, dancing figures

the melody of the old love song.

An ordeal awaited Rita next day when an unsuspected visitor appeared at the cottage-—namely Elsie Morton, the girl who had supplanted her. She was a showy, pert young woman, very much aware

of her own good looks, and with a manner that tended to be insolent, even when that was not intended. Rita was feeling tired and

nervous after a sleepless night, for the reaction had brought weariness, depression, and tears. Her visitor's effrontery rendered her speechless

with amazement.

"I've lost no time in coming, Rita, because you see we are to be married at once, and I want my dress as soon as you can have it ready. If it were any one but you I'd have thought twice, but I

would have me."know you'll bear no ill will. It's not my fault—he

A cozy titter stopped her flow of words, while Rita hastily gathered herself together. Her love had died a slow, cruel death

these last months, slain by neglect, unkindness, and a sense of her lover's weakness and inferiority. But that did not spare her a sense

of humiliation and wounded pride. She tried to smother her inward resentment.

"But Elsie,"she said involuntarily, "Don't you know I have no time for outside work now. It takes me all my time working

for my immediate customers."

"Oh, yes, but then we are old school friends, and I thought you'd make an exception of my wedding dress."

"I'll make your dress for the reason you give; however, you

must choose your own style, and tell me exactly what to do, and I'll do it with pleasure."

She smiled a little to herself when, later, she watched Mis.

Morton's departure in discomfiture from the garden path. Then the

smile changed, and she flushed again like a rose, and her heart gave a bound. George McConaughy was passing down the road, with his

steady, swingirg gait. There was an appealing look in his glance,

THE VICTORY OF LOVE 98 7

as if he were pleading for forgiveness, and for the barriers of enmity to be broken down.

And as her. old enemy, the object of her hate, went by, she

felt that that enemity was in some unaccountable way dead. Somehow,

the resentment about Miss Morton's wedding dress was forgotten, too.

"I don't think he is such a hard man after all, mother,"she said to Mrs. Southern. "He took all I said in a good part, and seemed

so sorry. Perhaps I misjudged him. Perhaps he never really meant

to injure poor father. And I'm sorry for him. Money has not

brought happiness. He looks lonely and uncared for."

In her abstraction, she hardly noticed her mother's white and wan appearance, which was becoming more marked every day.

It was two days later that Mrs. Southern was taken ill, with

an attack so serious and so violent that her daughter's ready wit and presence of mind failed her. It was late in the evening, after they

had gone to dark, moonless night. Afterwards, in calmer bed—a

moments Rita wondered what wild impulse led her, in her panic, to seek help from George McConaughy. It was he in person who answered

her knock, having sat up late at his books.

"Oh, Mr. McConaughy, I think mother is dying! Can you

bring a doctor for her? Your motor will take you quicker than I

can is no time to be lost."go—there

"With pleasure, Miss Southern,"he said.

In a trice he had called up the housekeeper, and dispatched her to help Rita; while he drove into Eastbridge and brought the doctor.

It was a nightmare time that ensued.

In her panic and terror, Rita hardly realized the care and protection that were spent on her, from the moment the doctor decreed "an instant removal to a specialist's care."

It was not till the dread operation was over, and the patient convalescent, that she began to wonder whose hand it was that had made the way smooth, had contrived ways and means of transporting the invalid, had found comfortable quarters close to the nursing home for Rita herself, had surrounded mother and daughter with every care.

"How can I ever thank you for all you have done?"she said,

when next they met. "And I have so misjudged you. How harsh,

how rude I was to you that day!"

"I had amends to make,"he said briefly.

Rita's heart gave a throb of something very like dissappointment.

"Was that why?"she demanded, with sudden audacity.

"No,"he said, looking at her steadily, "not the whole reason."

Then her glance dropped before the look in his eyes, and the lovely rose color suffused her face.

"When you color like that, you are the lovliest woman in the world, Rita,"he said, as he took her into his arms. "You are like

a red, red rose."

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Choristers'Manual—Lesson IX—Interpretation

(Continued) By Edward P. Kimball

Another important factor in the expressive performance of music!

is the loudness and softness of tone, which is designated by the technical term "dynamics."The composer has a large part to do with this phase

of expression, and in modern standard music indications by the composers are plainly given in the score, and yet a large part of the responsibility for proper dynamic contrast rests with conductor or performer, and certainly greater liberty is taken with dynamics than with tempo.

Much of the emotional effect of a composition is conveyed by the changes from "piano"to "forte"and vice versa, the development of "crescendo"and decrescendo,"the use of accents on notes or chords, as well as the subtler shadings in the interpretation which are referred to as "dynamic nuances.""Crescendo"is one of the most powerful means at the disposal

of the conductor or performer, and should be thoroughly understood, even though its use is varied. The safest rule to follow is to assume that "crescendo"means increase, and should not be thought of otherwise unless it is

followed by one of the many qualifying expressions, which, if they are to be understood must be looked up in a dictionary. From this simple definition it is logical to infer that crescendo must begin with the degree of tone

that is being employed in the passage in which the direction is found. For

example, if the passage is being done softly the crescendo should begin softly and form an increase to the quantity of the passage; on the other

hand, if the passage is loud, the crescendo will begin loud, and increase according to the length it is to be observed. This points out two misconceptions of the use of crescendo which are often heard. Some performers

begin every crescendo loud, irrespective of the degree of loudness or softness of the passage; or soft in every instance, causing in either case an abruptness

and variation in the interpretation which is illogical, and which destroys the emotional effect of the rendition. Then there is the common disposition

to accelerate 1 the tempo with every crescendo, and ritard it with every decrescendo, both being bad faults where it is not directed, or where the context does not warrant it. Often the exact opposite in each case would prove

much more effective. The achievement of a perfect and consistent crescendo

and decrescendo is greatly to be desired.

Following is a list, quite comprehensive, of the commonest terms used by composers to indicate dynamic effects:

pianississimo (ppp). pianissimo possible softly as possible

softlypianissimo (pp), superlative of piano—very

piano (p) softly piu piano more softly il piu piano most softly piano assai very softly mezzo piano (mp) moderately softly forte (f) loudly fortissimo (ff) very of forte loudly—superlative

fortississimo (fff) as loudly as possible piu forte more loudly il piu forte most loudly, CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE 989

il piu forte possible as loudly as possible mezzo forte (mf) moderately loudly fortepiano loudly followed immediately by softly forzando, sforzando, (sf or sfz), forzato (fz), sforzato (sfz). These words

indicate that a single note or chord is to be accented, the amount of stress depending upon the character of the passage.

Also the sign resembling a caret, on its side or pointing upward.

reinforzando (rinf), rinforzato (rfz), reinforced, a definite increase in power extending through a phrase or passage.

cresaendo (cresc) gradually louder, indicated also by lines beginning at a point and gradually separating to indicate an increase in tone.

decrescendo (decres), diminuendo (dim), gradually softer, indicated also by lines beginning some distance apart and running together to a point, the opposite to the above. crescendo poco a poco, becoming louder little by little crescendo subito, becoming louder immediately crescendo molto, becoming much louder crescendo all fortissimo, becoming louder until fortissimo has been reached crescendo poi diminuendo, crescendo e diminuendo, gradually louder then gradually softer. crescendo ed animando, gradually louder and faster diminuendo al pianissimo, gradually softer until pianissimo has been reached morendo, perdendosi, smorzando, calando, gradually dying away, softer and slower by small degrees con amore with tenderness con tenerezza with tenderness con bravura with boldness dolce gently (literally, sweetly) con energia with energy g!o:oso humorously

con expressione, expressivo with expresgiojoso joyously, sion. conmaesta, maestoso majestically

con brio with brilliancy pastorale in pastoral style con fuoco with fire pomposo pompously con passione with passion scherzando, scherzoso jokingly con grazia with grace sotto voce with subdued voice.

In his helpful book on conducting, Gehrkens presents some valuable suggestions on dynamics, some of which are given below. Those remarks

about instruments are applicable also to vocal groups, so a study of them is recommended. Among other things he says:

"The pianissimo of choruses and orchestras is seldom soft enough. The extreme

limit of soft tone is very effective in both choral and orchestral music, and most conductors seem to have no adequate notion of how soft the tone may be made in such passages. This is especially true of chorus music in the church service; and

even the gospel singer, Sankey, is said to have found that the softest, rather than the loudest, singing was spiritually the most impressive.

"Pianissimo singing or playing does not imply a slower tempo, and in working with very soft passages the conductor must be constantly on guard lest the performers begin to 'drag.'If the same virile and spirited response is insisted upon in such

places as is demanded in ordinary passages, the effect will be greatly improved, and the singing moreover will not nearly so likely fall from pitch.

'.'The most important voice from the standpoint of melody must in some way be

made to stand out above the other parts. This may be done in two ways:

"1. By making the melody louder than the other parts.

"2. By subduing the other parts sufficiently to make the melody prominent

by contrast.

"The second method is frequently the better of the two, and should more frequently be made use of in ensemble music than is now the case in amateur performances."

990 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Again, he says:

"In polyphonic music containing imitative passages, the part having the subject must be louder than the rest, especially at its first entrance. * * * In vocal

music the accent and crescendo marks provided by the composer are intended merely to indicate the proper pronunciation of some part of the text. Often, too, they

assist in the declamation of the text by indicating the climax of the phrase, i. e., the

point of greatest emphasis. The dynamic directions provided by the composers are

intended to indicate only the broader and more obvious effects, and it will be necessary for the performer to introduce many changes not indicated in the score.

[This is important, but must not be abused!] All expression signs are relative,

never absolute, and piano, crescendo, sforzandb, etc., are not intended to convey to

with regard to this point that dynamic effects are so frequently overdone by amateurs, both conductors and performers seeming to imagine that every time the word crescendo occurs the performers are to blow or sing at the very top of their power; and that sforzando means a violent accent approaching the effect of a blast

of dynamite, whether occuring in the midst of a vigorous, spirited movement, or in a tender lullaby."

On this point Berlioz says:

"Simple shadings become thick blurs, accents become passionate shrieks,

The effects intended by the poor composer are quite distorted and coarsened, and the attempts of the conductors to be artistic, however honest they may be, remind one of the tenderness of the ass in the fable, who knocked his master down in trying to caress him."

A LATTERDAY SAINT'S IDEA OF SUCCESS IN LIFE

By Arthur Manwaring

Space and time are limitless.

All space is filled with matter and force, in some form.

Creation means association, organization, and systematization of that which is.

Even God cannot make something out of nothing.

During all the countless ages past there has always been parents and children, mortals and immortals, worlds and world systems.

We are infant Gods, learning to walk and talk divinity.

The eternal scheme of things seems to be that each individual has some one above him, up to whom he can look for advice, help and wisdom, but, ever and always one finds he can only acquire the right and power to climb by helping, serving, loving and teaching his fellows who are not so far advanced.

In other words, if one desires rewards and blessings for himself and his, then, this selfish desire can only be realized by being utterly unselfish.

To be successful, in any occupation, profession, hobby, or any division of the arts or sciences, or any field of endeavor whatsoever, the test is that one does so without hampering, depriving, crushing, or otherwise appropriating the earnings, strength, beauty, affection or happiness, of others to himself, but must, by sheer superior intelligence and wisdom, originate or generate by organization and association of things and forces about him, the things he desires, and enlist the assistance of his fellows by sharing his new found treasures with them, the while enjoying whatever it is their pleasure to share with him.

The purpose behind all creation and effort is that man might have joy.

Joy is a product or result of love and association.

A LATTERDAY SAINTS IDEA OF SUCCESS 99 1

Love is a very high regard and deep, sympathetic appreciation of things or attributes of very fine quality.

Joy is a sublime, conscious, realization of spiritual harmony, companionship, peace and good will; the vibrant thrill of soul comfort; the

divine delight of greater vision, greater power, stronger attraction and wider association.

He who catches the real idea and follows the great eternal scheme of things, along any line of activity, and rises above the average, who understands how to bestow his favors in such a way that the multitudes are willing and anxious to pay him for them, in the fashion and kind for which a* longs, is, has been, and will be, successful in life.

Blackfoot, Idaho, R. D. No. 1

COMMUNISM IN AMERICA

By Carl Pingree Tanner

In view of the fact that we look forward to the time in our

Church when those who have been able to live the socalled lesser law of tithing, will be entitled to graduation, and called to live a higher law or the United Order, it might be interesting to note the temporary success, and later failure of communities that have experimented with the idea of the United Order under the leadership of those who have been inspired with the idea of social reform, but lacked divine revelation, and the power of the Priesthood to assist them in their efforts.

It may be interesting to know that no less than 150 communities or Brotherhoods, having a semblance of the United Order, have existed in America. In some instances they have had their birthplace

in Europe, and a number of the founders of these communities were born in the Old World. Most of them sprang into existence between the years 1840, and 1850, about the time of the martydom of

the prophets Joseph and Hyrum. Of the thirty different colonies

originating at this time as a result of the agitation for social reform by Charles Fourier, who hailed from France, fifteen of them were

Itarted in the year 1844, the year of the martyrdom. Most of them

were short lived, however. One of the communities which endured the

longest was located at Brook Farm. The poet Nathaniel Hawthorne was for a short time one of its members and in describing the

ideals of the community in part, has this to say: "We sought our

piofit by mutual aid instead of wrestling it by the strong hand from the enemy, or filtching it craftily from those less shrewd than ourselves, or winning it by selfishcompetition with a neighbor. And

as a basis of our institution we proposed to offer up the honest toil of our bodies, as a prayer no less than an effort for the advancement of our race."

The great writer, Horace Greely saw the advantages of community life, and was an ardent supporter of the colonies founded under

Fourier, both with his pen and means, and when one colony was 992 IMPROVEMENT ERA

about to break up and disband because of a great loss sustained by fire, he offered them a loan of $12,000 to help reinstate them.

Probably of all those who lived in the community life, not forgetting the Shakers and the Icarians, the followers of Jacob Hutter have had the most prolific growth. He was a martyr to his cause being

burned at the stake in Innsbruck, Germany, in the year 1836, for heresy, but the ideals he strove for did not perish at his death. His followers

lived for many years, in Germany, then southern Russia, from whence they came to South Dakota, in 1874, and from there they have branched out, a number of colonies coming to Alberta to avoid conscription during the last war in 1918, and located among the "Mormon"settlements. They are a good, honest, moral, people, having deep

religious convictions, owning nothing individually, but all cooper- atively. They do not describe their chattels and property as mine

and thine, but "ours."

The writer visited one of their colonies during the fall of 1922, with the late Nephi Anderson, and others. Brother Anderson was

much impressed with their mode of living, etc., and had he not been

called to the other side so suddenly afterwards, his impressions concerning them would have found expression no doubt in some of the beautiful stories that often came from his gifted pen.

As the great "reformers,"will be duly rewarded for clearing the pathway for the introduction of the gospel in this the last and greatest gospel dispensation, so will those characters receive their reward for fostering ideals which will yet be practiced by those belonging to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and being accompanied by Divine authority, and power of the Priesthood, will further perpetuate the brotherhood of man, and fatherhood of God, and bring about that state of peace and blessedness, that ancient seers have looked forward to, and poets, have written about.

"They had all things in common among them; therefore they

were not rich and poor, bond and free, but they were all made free, and partakers of the heavenly gift."(IV Nephi 1-3.)

Magrath, Canada

Japan Mission Closed

The Japan mission was closed temporarily, according to an announcement published June 12, by order of the First Presidency. Elder Hilton A.

Robertson was authorized to release the elders in the mission. The mission

was opened in 1901, when President Heber J. Grant, then a member of the

council of apostles, and Elders Louis A. Kelsh, Horace S. Ensign and Alma

O. Taylor arrived in the country. President Grant returned on

September 27, 1903 having been honorably released. He was

succeeded by Horace S. Ensign. The following elders have presided

there: Alma O. Taylor, July 8, 1905 to Jan. 1, 1910; Elbert D. Thomas,

1910 to Oct. 25, 1912; Heber Grant Ivins, 1912 to Feb., 1915; Joseph

Henry Stimpson, 1915 to March 1921; Lloyd O. Ivie, 1921 to July 28,

1823, and Hilton A. Robertson since that date to the close of the mission.

HEROES OF SCIENCE By Dr. F. S. Harris and N. I. Burr

OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY 3.—Bunsen The average person is likely to be forgotten very soon after his death. The few who render unusual service to their fellow men may

become more renowned as the years go by, and the greatness of their services becomes more evident. Robert Bunsen belongs in the latter

class.

We remember Bunsen (German chemist, 18111899) because of a number of fundamental facts which he discovered. Practically

every person in civilized countries is deriving benefits from his researches. Iron and steel are now used in thousands of ways in which

they were too expensive to be practical a century ago. Bunsen was

one of the investigators who pointed out ways for reducing the cost, and therefore bringing these valuable aids to man into more common use. He simplified chemistry by perfecting a method for easily

analyzing any ordinary chemical. He discovered chemical elements

which have become of considerable importance.

Bunsen was born in 1811, and by the time he was attending school the new science of chemistry was attracting much attention.

Just as many boys of today become enthusiastic over the new science of radio, so he became very interested in the new facts of chemistry.

Bunsen was not what might be called a brilliant student, but he was thorough. He studied long and hard to discover the deepest secrets of

chemistry. By the time he had finished college he was a specialist, and

in 1836 he began to teach chemistry in schools, and later in colleges.

Many teachers do not become interested enough in their work to inquire concerning the fulness of the truth they are teaching. They

merely tell the students what the text book says. Bunsen was one of

those exceptional ones who seek for every detail and look for missing facts. When his time was not fully needed with his classes, he utilized

the spare moments to discover new properties of chemicals or new ways for analyzing them. His mind, like that of most great men, was

always full of questions concerning the common things which ordinary men do not think worthy of consideration. New thoughts brought

up in this way gave him ideas for experiments. He allowed his students to perform many of these experiments and they became so interested in chemistry that several of them afterwards became famous men.

Pupils from all over the world came to study under Bunsen.

He nearly lost his life during one investigation. While experimenting with two of the most deadly poisons, arsenic and cyanide,

an explosion of the tube containing the chemicals blinded him in one 994 IMPROVEMENT ERA

eye and the deadly fumes caused an illness from which at first it was not thought he would recover.

In spite of this accident, he was soon back in the laboratory working as enthusiastically as ever. He discovered methods for determining the elements of which a gas is composed. Chemists had long been

looking for just such a method and its value was immediately recognized. After analyzing the gasses from steel furnaces Bunsen pointed

out the great waste of fuel and ways for correcting the losses. His

analyses helped pave the way for the revolutionary process of steel making, devised by Bessemer in 1856.

Before Bunsen's time, gas could not be burned without a great loss of heat, and without causing foul smelling smoke, which made the laboratories very unpleasant. Knowing the chemistry of combustion he set about to make a perfect burner. The problem was to

cause complete combustion of the gasses. Success in doing this depends upon the proper mixing before burning of the gas and air the

same as in the carburetor of an automobile engine. The Bunsen

burner which resulted from experiments in 1855 is found in practically every chemical laboratory of today. The same idea is used in

the plumbers blowtorch and many other burners, as well as in many stoves and furnaces.

One of the greatest services which Bunsen rendered was in connection with what is called spectrum analyses. While he and Kirchoff

were burning various substances in his newly discovered burner he noticed that the rays of light which came from each chemical element had a different property. If the light was passed through a narrow

slit and then through a glass prism, dark bands would appear at certain places among the colors, if certain chemicals were present in the light. This device had been used a little by other experimenters, but

its extensive use began with Bunsen. By watching the places where

the dark bands appeared, he could tell which chemicals were being burned.

One day while he was analyzing some water he found bands in his spectroscope which corresponded to no known elements. He became curious to know what these mysterious elements were but could

not tell because ordinary analyses were not sufficiently delicate. In

order to concentrate the substance he evaporated between 3,000 and 4,000 buckets full of the water which contained it. He discovered

two chemicals which had never been known before.

The spectroscope made possible the discovery of Helium, the gas now being used to fill the huge dirigible airships. It was known to

exist in the gasses around the sun before it was found on earth. The

spectroscope is also very useful in making chemical analyses of gases coming from such inaccessible places as the intensely heated iron and steel furnaces. It is by means of this device that we can tell what

elements exist in the atmosphere of stars, billions of miles away from us, and to tell how fast these stars are moving.

HEROES OF SCIENCE 995

Besides the noted things mentioned above Bunsen will long be remembered for many other discoveries of perhaps lesser importance.

Scientific workers frequently learn that the experiments carried on by this man make clear facts which would otherwise need to be investigated before progress could come. His electric battery was the best

made up to the time he invented it. By its means several discoveries,

such as metalic magnesium (flash light powder), were made.

Bunsen was active even during his spare time. When he went

on a vacation to Iceland, at one time, he became interested in geysers and hot springs found there. After studying the water a while he came

to the conclusion, and proved by laboratory experiments, that geysers need not depend upon volcanoes for their action. The theory he advanced to supplant the volcanic one, is still taught in geology.

The story of Bunsen is important because it shows that if a person will train himself to remain at the task of discovering all the facts concerning a subject, he places himself in a position to render a great service. Bunsen was always seeking fundamental causes, and for this

reason, he went to the bottom of things. Persistence coupled with a

wideawake mind will very likely lead to achievement. Many men

have become famous not because of any unusual brilliance, but because they have the tenacity to stick with a difficult problem through almost overwhelming discouragements.

Ptovo, Utah.

The Road to Happiness (Dr. Charles Barker's Five Rules)

Whate'er your experience, howe'er bad your plight,

Don't look at the dark side, but search for the bright.

Though clouds may be sombre, just pierce them, you'll find

That even the darkest with sunshine are lined.

Accept your position, endeavor to see

That the place you are in is the place you should be.

Meet every condition with courage and zest,

Believe, while you're in it, that place is your best.

Disdain not the labor allotted to you,

The task that's assigned is the work you should do,

Let your soul e'er be cheerful, your mind not depressed,

And your efforts, though toilsome, each one be your best.

Each hour of your life, as the world you go through.

Be ever alert for kind deeds you may do,

Give hope, cheer and comfort to others each day;

Your joys will increase if they're given away.

Though dreary and troublous, the pathway you trod,

Have faith as a child in your Father and God:

Approach him, be fearless, he's loving and mild,

Indeed, he's your Father, and you are his child.

Bingham Canyon, Utah J- S- BtNGHAM 996 IMPROVEMENT ERA In Zion Canyon

(See Opposite Page) Top: View on the new $10,000 West Rim trail being built up from the main

canyon, Zion National Park. Looking up the canyon just behind Angel's

Landing, christened "Scout Lookout,"on June 15, 1924, on the occasion of the visit of the national officers, including Forest Ranger Harold Russell who was the guide on the occasion of the annual visit of the boy scouts of the

Salt Lake Council to Zion National Park.

Center: Looking down Zion Canyon.

Bottom: Hip! Hip! Hooray! Dedication and naming of "Scout Lookout,"

acting Superintendent Walter Reusch has notified Scout Executive Oscar A.

Kirkham that he sees no reason why the Boy Scouts of Utah should not have the honor of naming one of the many beautiful spots in the Park. "As soon as

possible, I will secure a metal sign which will be in harmony with Park regulation signs."

Does Nature Speak to You?

Does the murmur of the brooklet

Whisper courage to your soul, When your thorny path looks crooked,

And you fear you'll miss the goal?

When dis'pointment with obstructions

And misfortune make you sad, Watch the river, how it functions;

When obstructed, it is glad.

Rain drops brighten up the sunbeams,

And they make the sky more blue,

And chastisement draws the heartstrings,

Making always hearts more true.

Watch.the sunset and the sunrise,

How they beautify the earth.

How the birds with heart and voices

Ever fill the earth with mirth.

Take new courage from the mountain,

Ever towering far above:

Hark! the voice of nature shouting,

Ever praising God, in love!

Kewdale, Ida. S. SCHWENDIMAN

Y. M. M. I. A. OFFICER SPANS THE

CONTINENT IN ONE DAY On Monday, June 24, 1924, Lieutenant Russel L. Maughan, a

native of Logan, Utah, grandson of Peter Maughan who first settled

Cache Valley, 1856, spanned the North American continent in less than a day. The hazardous flight was his third attempt to fly from

New York to San Francisco in a day. He left Mitchell Field, New

York at 2:59 a. m., (Eastern standard time,) halted briefly at five

refueling stations, fought fatigue and constantlyrecurring nausea the whole long distance and arrived at Crissy Field, San

Francisco, at 9:47:15 p. m. (Pacific time), where he was received with cheering and an unparalleled ovation. He had crossed

the continent in about 1 8 hours. He goes on record as the first man that

has made the hazardous and gruelling flight in so short a time. He

passed through about 150 miles of rain, 100 miles of fog and lowhanging clouds, and twothirds of the way a heavy wind bucked him, and he met also a heavy cross wind, which is the most dangerous of all. He broke a casting on the way which was mended at Dayton,

Ohio, delaying him one hour and a quarter for repairs. He had

intended to go the distance from dawn to dusk, but the elements and

Hot any mechanical device kept him from holding to his schedule.

His average speed, according to his own statement, is estimated at about 140 miles an hour at times, and at other times 160. During

the trip he held out well, but his stomach became sensitive from the high speed which he was traveling at a high altitude, and the strain upon his nerves was something terrific. He leaped over the Great

Divide without mishap and landed at Salduro, Utah, at 5:20 Pacific

time, ending his flight on Crissy Field, dedicated to Major Crissy who sacrificed his life for air service. On landing he was borne away

to army headquarters amid a deafening ovation. During the dash

he had been ill two or three dozen times. He ate nothing from the

time he left New York until he reached San Francisco, but drank water at some of his landings. His machine was a 3 7-horsepower,

singleseater, and he made the trip alone, being his own pilot, and arrived with his machine in perfect mechanical condition. He had

made two previous attempts to span the continent, the first, July 1 9, 1923, when a small motor ailment midway across the country, forced him to abandon the flight. On the 29th of July the same year he

tried again, but at Rock Springs, Wyoming, was forced down when an oil leak developed in the engine. In his successful trip which he

completed in San Francisco, his first stop from Mitchell Field, New

York, was at Dayton, Ohio, 575 miles. His second stop was at St.

Joseph, Missouri, where he arrived at 10:52 a. m. (Central time),

SPANS CONTINENT IN ONE DAY 999

5 70 miles from Dayton. His third stop was at North Platte,

Nebraska, where he arrived at 1:34 p. m. (Central time). His next

stop was at Cheyenne, Wyoming, 2: 1 7 p. m. (Mountain time), where

he was ill when he stepped from his plane and showed signs of strain, but expressed confidence that his flight would be successful. Leaving

at 2:45 p. m., he leaped over the Great Divide, courageously facing

the portion of his road which held the greatest peril to himself. He

jB TH 4B1 1 fliBL fcJ"W

>JP—-.?0 *\ 8BB|)\. |H B a *%. "SkMtml)!

*'':'f t%rft

y ilPK life,

'- 1

*i J

'*|L-3Jm prB;. * r vsw*Plt H>l* M Ht[.

fl, w |! HI if] U

. - Si'??'*? J&?!.: Wl It. turnr "-.,. H

Photograph by courtesy of the Salt Lake Telegram

Left to right: Mrs. P. W. Maughan, Lieutenant Russel Maughan, wife of the

aviator, Miss Ruth Maughan, and Miss Marjorie Maughan, photographed during the aviator's recent visit to Salt Lake. Ruth Maughan and Marjorie

Maughan are College students, and Mrs. Maughan is a resident of Logan.

arrived at Salduro, Utah, at 5:20 p. m. and finished, as stated,

the last leg of the journey at Crissy Field, California.

Lieut. Maughan's father was Peter Maughan, for many years

secretary of the Utah Agricultural College, where the Lieutenant was educated. He was trained in aviation after he entered the army in

1917. He became First Lieutenant in June, 1924. He went to the

war with the 139th pursuit squadron and won the distinguished cross by accounting for four enemy planes in a single combat. He won

the Pulitzer races at Detroit, in October, 1922, and has been stationed at McCook field, Dayton, Ohio, for a year and half. Formerly he

1000 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was stationed at Mather Field, Sacramento, and the Presidio, Sari

Francisco.

Governor Charles R. Mabey, the Chamber of Commerce, the

Rotary and Kiwanis Clubs of Logan, and President Calvin Coolidge of the United States, wired congratulations to him on his epochmaking achievement in aviation. Congratulations from many other friends

all over the nation were sent to him. Mrs. Maughan, his wife, who

had come to Salt Lake City during the flight from Heber, Utah, said: "I feel that Lieut. Maughan was inspired to make the trip from

love of service and a desire of progress, rather than from any ambition for personal glory. I think it is a real fine thing for America that he

could do it, and I believe the achievement has paid. I am delighted

to know that he is the man who has made the first successful flight of this kind. I think that he was the man fitted to make the flight."

The citizens of Utah particularly, as a unit, join in congratulating him upon this wonderful achievement and are proud that a son of

Utah through clean living and laudable ambition, was able to so distinguish himself.

In Salt Lake City, on his return east, he was received on July 1, by his mother, wife, and other relatives, and an enthusiastic crowd of admirers and wellwishers. At a banquet in his honor at Fort

Douglas, he declared that the crossthe-country trip which now seemed a great achievement will, in a few years, be regarded as very commonplace. He left for Cheyenne the following day at 8:49 a. m.

The following interesting incident in connection with his return call, July 1, has been supplied at the request of the Era, by Elder

Junius F. Wells:

"Wishing to call on Lieut. Maughan, and to congratulate him

upon his wonderful flight, it was my good fortune to meet Lyman R.

Martineau who had lived in Logan on the same block with the

Maughans and had known Russel all his life. Together we

called at the Hotel Utah and Elder Martineau introduced me to the famous aviator. I found him a delightful young man, having the

manner of an army officer, without stiffness, upstanding, polite, very approachful and congenial. In saying to him that his home people

rejoiced in his great success and were very proud of him, I added that it was largely because, in attaining high distinction, he was still just 'one of our boys.'He appeared pleased with this commendation. It

was then suggested to him that it would be a gracious and appreciated courtesy if he could take a few minutes, though crowded for time, and call at the Church Office, to receive the congratulations of Presidents Penrose and Ivins, President Grant being absent. Upon being

assured that they would be glad to see him, he readily assented to this and we proceeded to the Church Office, Mrs. Martineau going along

with us. The Lieutenant's interview with Presidents Penrose and

Ivins was necessarily brief, but quite cordial and mutually enjoyable.

SPANS CONTINENT IN ONE DAY 1001

Upon leaving them he shook hands with a number of employees of the office and, in the hallway, I mentioned the fact that, as original officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. which now numbers over 50,000

members and 10,000 boy scouts, we regarded him as our hero, our airpilot, and pioneer aviator, whose example would in time be followed by many in carrying our message to the ends of the earth. I was

surprised and charmed by his response. He put his great arms around

me and said: 'I belong to the Mutual. I am first counselor in the

association at San Antonio, Texas.'He seemed to be almost as proud

of his connection with the associations as of his achievements in the air; an altogether, unaffected, genuine son and grandson of eminent

Utah pioneers; a competent, brave soldier, having won distinction

all the honors that are being heaped upon him."—A.upon merit and deserving

Let Me Be True

True to the faith, O let me be,

True to my living God, Filling my heart with ecstasy.

Making my vision broad;

Feeding my soul with love divine,

Trusting him day by day, Learning to know that he is mine,

What more could I ask or pray?

Mine when I wake in the dewy morn,

Mine when the sun shines bright,

Mine when my soul is sad and worn,

With sorrow's bitter night;

Safely he guides my trembling feet.

Over the tempter's snare, Shelters me with his love so sweet,

Answers each faltering prayer.

True to the faith, O let me be.

Safe in his arms at last, When trials and strife have all gone by,

And life itself has passed.

Then to the cross, O let me cling,

Where he gave his life for me,

Then, O his praises let me sing,

Blest Lamb of Calvary, Newcastle, Pa. EVELYN MAE BlRK.

Editors'Table

Just a Word About the Eta

With this number of the Eta we present our subscribers with thirtytwo extra pages, making a magazine of over 125 pages of reading matter. We have issued in this volume three such editions, February, May and August, and have thus practically given our readers

one extra number, or 13 instead of 12 numbers, when we shall have issued the September and October numbers. We hope that our readers

appreciate this addition and that they will do their share in helping us to continue these extra large numbers in the future, at least three times each year, and more if we are encouraged. This can be done by

prompt and timely renewal of the subscriptions for the coming volume, beginning with the November issue.

We call attention to this matter from the fact that the Superintendency and General Board have ordered that all subscriptions beginning from now on, and with the new volume, shall be paid strictly in advance, $2 for each subscription. This action is taken

to save expenses and losses incurred in keeping accounts, and to avoid so much clerical work in the general office arising from the credit system, not to speak of the errors and misunderstandings that naturally come about where credit is extended. It has been thought by the

Superintendency and management that to pay in advance will be more agreeable, both to the subscriber and to the office, and also save much annoyance and labor.

We believe that our subscribers will unitedly recognize the value of this change, and will be prompt in their renewals. The money

must be paid where time is given, and it is just as easy to look ahead and arrange to have the amount ready before the expiration of the subscription, as to put the matter off and pay later. Annoyance and

difficulties will thus be avoided, and we think a better feeling engendered. There are still about twelve weeks in which to provide

for the cost of the next volume. A little saving during that time

will enable one to pay his subscription for the next volume promptly before the expiration of his present subscription. We trust that our

over 20,000 patrons will recognize the advantages in this proposed change and forward their renewals promptly before the end of this volume. If this is done the savings arising will be devoted to the

enlargement and illustration of the magazine, to the benefit of the subscriber. Three weeks are required for adjustment of the lists, and

new subscriptions reaching us by the middle of October will be in time for the first number of the new volume. Subscriptions may be sent

EDITORS'TABLE 100 3

in at any time now, before the rush, and will be extended from the date of expiration. We promise every effort on our part to make

the Era better than ever. We will aim to provide clean and interesting reading by the best writers obtainable, in the matter of doctrine,

stories, history, descriptive articles, department information, poems and other literary productions. We hope to be able to give the subscriber

just a little more than the full value for every cent he invests in subscribing for the Improvement Era.—A

Humor and Simplicity

Simplicity in the use of words, and a sense of humor, are great aids in literature as in life. Elder Orson F. Whitney has given us a

touch of both, in his lively introductory composition in this number of the Improvement Era. Not satisfied with incidents he had already

mentioned, he sends, by way of addendum, one more illustration which came too late to be included in the article, and is therefore given here, as follows:

"Three hungry travelers boarded a railroad train, took seats in the buffet car, and ordered breakfast. The colored waiter asked them

what they would have. "Ham and eggs and coffee,'ordered one. Said

another: 'You may duplicate that for me.'The waiter, who happened to know what 'duplicate'meant, nodded amiably and turned to

the remaining one of the trio. 'The same for me,'said that traveler,

'but eliminate the eggs.'This was a stumper for the son of Ham

(not to say eggs). 'Whawhat did you say, suh?'he inquired.

'Eliminate the eggs,'repeated the giver of the order. 'Oh, yes, yes,'

replied the waiter, unwilling to further expose his unfamiliarity with the big word thrown at him so unexpectedly. Back he went to the

cook thy put their woolly heads together, and presently the mystified waiter returned: 'Sorry, suh, but the cook's done broke his liminator,

and he ain't had time to get a new one. Won't you have yo'eggs

some other way?'"—A.

Y. M. M. I. A. Champions

Not to mention here the chief champion of all, to whom we have given a special article, Lieut. Russel L. Maughan, there are other

Y. M. M. I. A. champions who have won honors in these United

States, and are worthy of notice, and who are also further mentioned in the Mutual Work in this number of the Improvement Era, namely)

Earl Merrill, champion High School prator of Arizona: Melvin Tol1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA

man Burke, national champion High School mile runner of Honeyvilk;

Box Elder county, Utah; Harry Glancey, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,

a Church member and one of the members of the American Olympic

Swimming Team, who sailed for the great tournament in France on

June 1 6 from New York. It is a pleasure to note the activities of

our young people in various lines, and if we had the names of all who have this year achieved distinction in writing and speaking, invention, research and discovery, in agriculture, pedagogy, mechanics, the fine arts, the sciences and engineering, the champion list would be wonderfully enlarged, and be a great inspiration to those who are yet striving for place, advancement and recognition in every avenue of laudable activity. We are simple enough to believe that the clean life which

the young people of the Latterday Saints are enjoined to live has much to do with the success they gain in the various lines of accomplishment. The Word of Wisdom gives all who abide by its

counsels, chance for both physical and intellectual progress. The

promises of the Lord to those who live right and conform to its requirements are always fully verified:

"All Saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel and marrow in their bones; and shall find wisdom and great treasures

of knowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall run and not be weary,

and shall walk and not faint."—

The Atheist's Confession

I denied God; then dreamed one solemn night,

That some bright angel with the speed of sight

Transported me aloof to orbs afar

From sun to sun we sped, from star to star,

At AlphaCentauri we stopped and paused.

'Twas there that he explained the astral laws,

Then on to Sirius, Vega and Pallas,

Sped on through space to the great Hercules,

Ten thousand light years we're now from our Sun.

Amazed I saw our journey scarce begun,

I saw how system into system runs

What other planets circle greater suns,

In such precision that this frame of mine

In shame bowed low before God's great design.

Then I awoke, and saw how in vain pride,

My soul had known what my lips had denied.

,os Angeles, Cqlif. Q, F. URSENBACH,

oMutual Work

Dates of Auxiliary Group Conventions for 1924

Held in Connection with the Regular Quarterly Conferences

Dates Stakes

July 1920—Woodruff, Yellowstone.

July 26-2 Lost River, Raft River, Snowflake. 7—Curlew,

St. Johns, Teton.Aug. 2-. 3—Lethbridge, Emery,Aug. 5- 6—Alberta.

Blaine, Shelley, South Sevier, Taylor, Wayne.Aug. 9-10—Bannock,

Horn, Blackfoot, Juab, Oneida.Aug. 1617—Big

River, Idaho.Aug. 2 3-24—Bear

Lake, Garfield, San Juan.Aug. 3031—Bear

Sept. 2- 3—Panguitch, Young.

Sept. 6- San Luis. 7—Kanab,

Sept. Montpelier, Parowan, Twin Falls, Minidoka. 1314—Boise,

St. George, Star Valley, Union.Sept. 2021-—Duchesne, Millard, North Sanpete,

Sept. 2324—Roosevelt.

Sept. 2 7-2 Deseret, Fremont, Hyrum, Morgan, Sevier, Uintah. 8—Carbon,

Oct. Benson, Cassia, North Sevier, Tintic. 1112—Beaver,

Oct. Tooele, Wasatch. 1819—Summit,

Oct. 2526—Maricopa.

Oct. 2 8-29—Juarez.

Joseph.Nov. 1- 2—St.

Angeles.Nov. 8- 9—Burley, Malad, Los

Nov. 1516—Bingham.

Nov. Portneuf, Rigby, So. Sanpete. 2223—Pocatello,Nov. 2930—Franklin, Gunnison, Moapa.

Separate conventions not connected with the conferences will be held in the fol lowing stakes, dates to be given later and with a separate program: Alpine, Box Elder,

Cache, Cottonwood, Ensign, Granite, Grant, Jordan, Liberty, Logan. Mt. Ogden, Nebo

No. Davis, No. Weber, Ogden, Oquirrh, Pioneer, Salt Lake, So. Davis, Utah, Weber

Program of the Y. M. M. I. A. Meetings

AUXILIARY GROUP CONVENTIONS, 19 24

Saturday, 10 a. m-. to 12 Noon

Joint Meeting of Auxiliary Stake Board Workers with General Board Representatives the Stake Presidency, High Council, Alternatives, and Bishoprics Being Invited.

I. Song.

II. Prayer.

III. Demostration—The Organization of Lesson Material (50 minutes)

Conducted by a General Representative,

IV. Stake Board Activities.

a. Union Meetings (10 minute address) A General Representative

1. Purpose. 2. Suggestive order of business.

b. Stake Board Visits (10 minute address) A General Representative

J. Purpose: 2. Methods.

1006 IMPROVEMENT ERA

V. Round Table Discussion of the Following Topics.

a. Relation of Auxiliary Stake Boards to Stake and Ward Priesthood Authorities.

b. Steps in the installation of a new administration.

c. The effect of change of administration on Board membership.

d. Duplication of offices.

e. TeacherTraining.

f. Recreation.

g. Meetings of auxiliary executives,

h. Contributions and collections.

VI. Benediction.

Saturday, 2 to 4 p m.

Meeting of Joint M. I. A. Stake Boards. (From 2 to 3 p. m.)

I. When and Where and the Order of Business for Joint Stake Board Meeting.

II. Order of Business for Monthly M. I. A. Stake and Ward Officers'Meeting.

III. Socializing the Stake Board.

IV. The Personal Factor in M. I. A. Work.

V. Weekly Meeting of Ward Officers.

VI. Stake Workers'Opportunity for Social, Intellectual and Spiritual Growth.

(Each of these topics will be a five minute address by a stake board member)

Meeting of Y. M. M. I. A. Stake Board Members. (From 3 to 4 p. m.)

I. Report on General and Stake Board Funds and Publications (5 minutes)

Stake Board Member II. Report on Organization and Membership (5 minutes) Stake Board Member

III. Proposed Plan of Supervision of Ward Work (10 minutes) -Stake Superintendent

IV. The Comparative Efficiency Report (5 minutes) Stake Board Member

V. The Courses of Study for 192425 and the Y. M. M. I. A. Stake

Executive Representative of General Board

Saturday, 4:15 to 5:30 p. m.

Separate Interview of the General Rperesentatives with Their Respective Superintendencies or Presidents, Including Secretaries, of Stake Organizations.

Saturday Evening (Hour to be fixed by Stake Presidency)

Devoted to the Work of the Relief Society and M. I. A.: Relief Society and M. I. A.

Stake and Ward Officers to be Present.

I. Ladies'Chorus Members of Relief Society

II. The Relief Society Messages (a 3 minute demonstration)

a. Motherhood.

b. Conservation of Child.

c. Conservation of Family.

III. Stake M. I. A. Song Assembly

IV. M. I. A. Leisure Time Activities for Ward Social Center (a 30 minute demonstration) V. Recreation in the Home (a 3 minute demonstration)

VI. Mixed Double Quartet Members of the M. I. A.

(The above program will be prepared by stake workers in accordance with plani that will be submitted by their respective General Boards)

Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 Noq>

Meeting of Y. M. M. I. A. Stake and Ward Officers

I. The New Plan for Ward, Stake and General Board Funds and Distribution of

Publications,..... 3 E,GeneraI Board Member

MUTUAL WORK 1007

II. The New Campaign for Membership General Board Member

III. Presentation of Life Membership Pins General Board Member

IV. Program for the Senior Department, Including M Men Stake Board Member

V. Program for Junior Department, Including Boy Scouts -Stake Board Member

IV. Qualities which Make for Success in Y. M.M.I. A. Workers—Stake Board Member

VII. ThreeMinute Testimonies (30 minutes) M. I. A. Workers

Sunday, 4 p. m.

Consultation of M. I. A. General Board Members with Stake Presidency, Bishoprics,

Stake and Ward M. I. A. Executive Officers, and Members of Stake and Ward

Committees on Recreation.

Sunday Evening (Hour to be fixed by Stake Presidency)

I. Opening Chorus;.... Boy Scouts

II. Prayer Member of M Men

III. Chorus - BeeHive Girls

IV. Scriptural Passage and Slogan The Assembly, Led by Stake Board Member

;. V. Plan for Putting Slogan into Action (10 minute address)... A Stake Worker

'VI. Instrumental Selection M. I. A. Group

VII. The Slogan and the M. I. A. Work (10 minute address)

The President of the Stake VIII. Quartet M Men or Gleaners

i IX. Addresses Members of General Boards

1 X. Song, "Love at Home": The Assembly

XL Benediction

General meetings at which the officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. are expected to be in attendance will be held under the direction of the stake presidency and regular conference assemblies on Sunday, 2 o'clock and in the

evening.

M. I. A. Scout Jamboree, Hyrum

Victor Lindblad, scout executive of the Cache Valley Council, Boy

Scouts or America, sends three pictures taken of troop activities durHb>* v 5 'rHFprum, Utah, M. I. A. field day of lj 'dwtfl 8p fBglh ing the scout jamboree held at Hythe Hyrum stake, May 10, 1924.

Troop 23 of Hyrum, under the jpy Wilsonleadershipandof JamesScoutmastersMcBride, Jameswon

L. the meet with a score of 860 points. ||| The pictures show some of their Wm %

fc*Sj most excellent work. This stake

is doing good scout work, each troop being headed up with an unusually strong boys'man.

jreHKp "ti* * Small picture: Scout Wendell Allen and Wallace Liddle, winning

9i*-.?H2**'friction fire contest, by 1 min. 30

sec, at the scout jamboree, M. I. A.,

field day, Hyrum, Utah, May 10,

Troop 23, James Wilson, Scoutmaster.

100! IMPROVEMENT ERA

Top: Part of the fire demonstration. Bottom: Scout float No. 23 which took

first place at Hyrum M. I. A. Day.

Y. M. M. I. A. in Samoa

In the Samoan mission we have six Mutual Improvement Assoeiations.

consisting of an enrollment of 164 seniors, 105 juniors, a total of 295; with

21 officers. The average attendance for the year ending May 31, has been

135 seniors, 87 juniors; a total of 243, with 43 average number of visitors

present; 287 meetings were held, 12 conferences, and 40 joint meetings.

It will be interesting to our people to know the names of these six associations which are branches of the Church, and the names of the elders presiding over them. Branches: Faleasi'u, Mapusaga, Matootua, Pago Pagor Pesaga

and Sauniatu. Presidents; Lio, Sinapi, Afa tas i- Pine, fldr M- Q- Wag*

MUTUAL WORK 1009

staff, and Jerome, in the order of associations named.

In sending the annual report, Mission President E. L. Butler remarks

that the Samoan mission field is almost entirely a proselyting one: "We have

not many established branches of sufficient membership to justify regular

Mutual Improvement organizations. Instead, in most of the branches, we

conduct a weekly Sunday evening preaching service and get more of an outside attendance than if we devoted the time of a fewer number to class work * * * The work of preaching the gospel here is being carried on efficiently by local and white workers."

Champion High School Orator, Arizona

Earl Merrill is the champion High School orator of Arizona, and represented his state in the semifinals of the national contest held at Los Angeles,

May 16, 1924. In this contest Earl was awarded third place among the

six contestants who represented eight western states. Don Tyler, who won

first place in Los Angeles, won the first place in the grand final contest held at Washington D. C, on June 6. While in Los Angeles, Earl Merrill

delivered his oration on "Alexander Hamilton and the Constitution,"at the

L. D. S. conference, Sunday afternoon, May 18. He has also delivered it

before several of the prominent Rotary and Commercial Clubs of Arizona.

He is a son of Orlando Merrill and Lucy Schwarz, is seventeen years old, and graduated from the Mesa Union High School, May 29 of this year.

1010 IMPROVEMENT ERA He was president of the M Men of his ward 192324, and has always been a faithful worker in the Y. M. M. I. A. He won many honors in his school,

being senior class president, student body president, and leader in literary, debating and oratorical work. He was graduated in May, 1923, from the

L. M. M.L. D. S. Seminary of Mesa, and there delivered the valedictory—Mrs.address.

National Champion High School Mile Runner

Mr. Burke is the champion mile runner of the

United States. He won

the high school championship in the mile race recently run in Chicago.

Young Burke is a typical "Mormon"boy who pays

his tithing, observes the Word of Wisdom, and is

a genuine, obedient fellow.

He is a life member of the M. I. A., and is secretary

of the Honeyville ward, Box Elder stake. His

winning is a good score for clean athletics and real manhood in track work.

—Ernest P. Horsley,

Brigham City, Utah.

Mdvin Tolman Burke. Honeyville, Utah

Boise M. I. A. Day

In the M. I. A. Bulletin of Boise City, which was issued in its new

dress consisting of attractive multigraph machine type, we find an account of the celebration of M. I. A. Day of that stake on Tuesday, June 17, which,

it is declared, eclipsed any similar event ever attempted in the Boise stake.

Cooperation by the stake boards and ward officers was a big factor. Fully

600 people attended the evening program and the Haangi, which was a

Pacific Islander's demonstration of a feast, conducted by Mrs. Mary Bean,

born and reared in New Zealand. She placed the meat and potatoes in the

ground at 1 o'clock, and when removed at 7:15 p. m., the whole park was

filled with delicious, savory roast beef odors. One hundred fifty pounds of

meat and 200 pounds of potatoes were cooked as they were never cooked before. Elder O. M. Bates, formerly a missionary to Maori, spoke in that

MUTUAL WORK 1011

language, opening the feast. Five hundred people enjoyed the great feast

which will not soon be forgotten. It preceded immediately the evening

program. Athletic contests were held, and at the close of the contests when

the points were summed up, the standing of the associations was found to be:

Nampa, 1st, 61 points; Boise, 2nd, 58; Emmett, 3rd, 25; Boise First, 4th,

11 points. There were races, including 50, 100, and 25 yard dashes for

men and women; women's relay race and chariot race, tug o'war, besides a

tournament of quoits in which Nampa won by a score 11 to 2. Four

teams of two men each entered the contest. In the evening there was a big

community program in which a pageant of eight episodes depicting the history of the American Indian from the time Lehi and his family landed in

South America up to the time the "Mormon"missionaries presented to them the teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. This was presented outdoors

under the giant elm trees and was given in narrative, pantomime and song, under direction of Charles B. Borup. The Bulletin pronounces it a mighty

sermon.

Member of American Olympic Swimming Team

Elder Elton L. Taylor, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, reports the following

in relation to one of the members of the American Olympic Swimming

Team which left on Monday, June 16, from New York on the steamship

America, for Paris: "Brother Harry Glancey, son of Jerome and Ester

Glancey of Pittsburg, members of the Church, has recently been given an honor which has perhaps come to no other Latterday

Saint boy here in the East. Harry is 1 9 years of age and

at the recent tryout held at Indianapolis, Ind.,he was

successful in winning a place on the American Olympic

Swimming Team and left with the other athletes who went to the great tournament on June 16 from New

York. He expects to be gone until the middle of

August when he will return to Cincinnati to take up the study of law. He attended the public schools

in Pittsburg and later the Schenby High School where he won many honors in swimming. Recently he

attended the Mercersburg Academy where President

Coolidge's sons are attending. Harry was the scholastic champion of the United States for two years.

He trained for the Olympic meet in Cincinnati under Coach Braninger and is a winner in many events and honors in swimming. He has a wonderful physique obtained from clean living and from a life that our Latterday Saint

boys lead, and hence, excel in various activities. He is the 220meter National

champion, and the Pittsburg branch is proud of their respresentative on the Olympic Team."

White Indians are Welshmen. That is the opinion of Dr. J. Howard

James, an anthropologist, as regards the white Indians found by Professor

Richard O. Marsh, of the Smithsonian Institute, on a recent expedition into

the interior of Panama. Tradition has it that a Welsh prince, Madoc, left

the country, on account of disturbances, with three small vessels, and eventually landed in America in the year 1170. Here he lived for some

years and then returned home to tell his friends about the new world. Soon a

large following was gathered. With them he emigrated for the second time,

and has never since been heard from. Professor Marsh has found his

descendants, Dr. James thinks.

President and Mrs. Anthony W. Ivins, their daughter, Fulvia, and Dr.

and Mrs. Richard R. Lyman left, July 7, for the Sandwich Islands, where they

intend to inspect the sugar plantation at Laie.

LaFollette of Wisconsin was indorsed for the Presidency, by the Socialist convention at Cleveland, Ohio, July 8. He is also the candidate of the

socalled "Progressives."

President Calvin Coolidge was nominated for the Presidency, June 12, by the Republican convention at Cleveland, Ohio, by the largest majority ever given a candidate by a Republican convention. The vote was: Coolidge,

1065; LaFollette, 34; Johnson, 10. Brigadier General Charles G. Dawes,

was nominated for the Micepresidency. Both are very strong candidates.

The reply of our government to Japan's protest against our immigration law is said to be friendly in tone, but firm. Secretary Hughes points out

that the exclusion provision in no way trespasses upon any obligation of the

United States. The reply was published simultaneously in Tokio and Washington, June 18.

President Millerand of France was forced to resign, June 11, by an adverse vote in the Chamber of Deputies. Gaston Doumergue was elected

president, June 13, to succeed Millerand. M. Herriott, the new premier,

selected a cabinet from the radical and socialist parties, and this new government is committed to a conciliatory policy towards Germany.

Secretary of State Charles E. Hughes left for London, July 12, in company with 850 distinguished lawyers and their families, to attend the convention July 20. In addition to those on the Berengaria, another party of

American lawyers, numbering 400, sailed July 12 from Quebec, 300 others on the Laconia, July 11, and 300 members of the association on the

Aquitania July 10.

A parachute leap in the dark was made on the evening of June 1 8 by

Lieutenant John A. MacReady, at an altitude of 1800 feet, and the aviator

landed without a scratch. His motor, it seems, went dead and started to

fall. Then he loosened his safety belt and jumped. The parachute worked,

and he reached the ground in safety. The plane crashed to the earth

and caught fire. MacReady is thought to be the only person who has

ever made a parachute leap at night.

Frank G. Carpenter, the noted newspaper correspondent, died at Nanking, China, June 18, after a few days of illness. He was born at Mansfield, Ohio, May 8, 1855. In 1879 he began his literary career as legislative reporter for the Cleveland Leader at Columbus. Later he spent the

greater part of his life as traveling correspondent for various publications.

For many years he wrote a daily article, working as he traveled. He was

also author of a number of books, several of them for children.

The first flight of the coastto-coast mail service, July 1—traveling

a great success. The accomplishment of flying mailday and night—was

in the darkness is considered by aeronautic experts and postal officials directing the service as putting America far ahead of other nations, few of which, they say, have attempted the transportation of mail by airplane in daylight.

A letter, mailed in New York, Tuesday, July 1, at 9:30 a. m., was received

by the business manager of the Deseret News at 1 1 o'clock, Wednesday,

July 2.

PASSING EVENTS 1013

H. A. C. Cummins, British representative in Mexico, was ordered to leave,

June 15, because be is no longer considered "persona grata."He barricaded

himself in the Mexican legation, having laid in supplies for several days. The

Mexicans flhen surrounded his place of refuge, hoping to compel him to surrender after a while for lack of food. The Washington government has

taken the matter up with a view of reconciliation. The charges against Mr.

Cummins is that he has sent false reports to his government concerning conditions in Mexico and the Mexican government.

Nationwide agitation was in evidence in Japan, July 1, as a protest against the exclusion clause of the U. S. immigration law. Prayer meetings

were held and the ancient deities were supplicated for aid and comfort in the present crisis. The diet passed tesolutions of protest, placards were put up

in public places, exhorting the people to hate everything American and to boycott American churches and missionary institutions. The American flag

was hauled down from the flagpole of the embassy by some zealot whom the police later arrested. The government promptly expressed regret at the

incident.

Calvin Coolidge, Jr., son of President Cootidge, died at the Walter Reed

hospital, Washington, D. C, July 7, of the effects of blood poisoning. He

was born April 13, 1908, at Northampton, Mass., and went through the

grade schools of that city. He was a good student, and is said to have had

a remarkably sweet disposition. Everything human skill could suggest was

done for him, but after days of hard struggle the end came. President and

Mrs. Coolidge bore up bravely during the trying ordeal. Simple funeral

services were held at the White House, and then the body was taken to

Plymouth, Vermont, where it was interred in the family burial ground.

The Fourth Annual Convention of the Disabled American Veterans of the War held its first session in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, June 23,

Mme. SchumannHeink rendered the Star Spangled Banner. Among the greetings that were read to the delegates was one from President Coolidge, who regretted his inability to be present. The commander, James A. McFarland,

in his opening address took occasion to assure his audience: "We will continue to fight the pacifist organizations composed of longhaired men and

shorthaired women, such as make up the National League for Peace."The

convention was largely attended and the members were highly pleased with their reception and treatment in Utah.

A destructive tornado swept the shore of Lake Erie between Cleveland,

Ohio, and Sandusky, June 28, resulting in great loss of life and destruction of property. A large portion of Lorain was wrecked. The property loss

there is estimated at $30,000,000. At Sandusky, the loss is $2,000,000.

At Cleveland, Pittsburg, Mantua, and many other cities', the hurricane found its victims. The wind tearing along at the rate of 85 miles an hour, blew

cars from the tracks, hurled automobiles to the curb, bent and twisted steel telegraph poles like wire; snapped off wooden poles at the ground and hurled

them across streets and onto building roofs. A local contractor observed:

"The best way for us to do is to take everything away from the wrecked sections and build from the ground up again. What is left is really beyond

repair."Joseph H. Richards died in Joseph City, Navajo county, Arizona, on the

3rd of July, at the age of 82. He was a native of Canada, and was brought

as a baby by his parents to Nauvoo, Illinois, in 1842. With his parents he

came west in 1852, and lived in Great Salt Lake City until 1859 when the family moved to Mendon, Utah. In 1876 he was sent to assist in settling the

Little Colorado River, and was the first bishop of St. Joseph, Arizona (now

Joseph City), when the ward was created in 1878. He later served as a

1014 IMPROVEMENT ERA

member of the stake presidency of the Snowflake stake for 20 years. He

was once a county supervisor of Apache county, Arizona, and once treasurer of Navajo county. He was the last of those who were prominent in the

Church leadership of the Little Colorado stake which was put out of existence thirtyseven years ago.

Elder Arnold H. Schulthess died, July 7, at his home in Salt Lake

City, leaving his widow, Louise B. Schulthess, and ten children. He was

born in Neukirch, Canton Thurgan, Switzerland, June 9, 1865. In 1879

he came to Utah and five years later filled a mission to his native land. On

his return to Utah in 1886, he presided for 11 years over the German meetings of the Salt Lake stake, which comprised the whole of Salt Lake county.

Responding to another missionary call, Mr. Schulthess had charge of the

German mission from 1899 to 1901, doing splendid work. On the organization of Liberty stake in 1904 he was selected first counselor to President

Hugh J. Cannon, serving in that capacity until sickness made it necessary to

release him. February 22, 1918, he suffered a stroke of paralysis, from

which he never entirely recovered.

Roland B. Ballantyne, a popular young business man of Ogden, passed

away, June 25, in the Dee Hospital from the effects of an appendectomy, which, according to physicians, was performed after appendicitis had ravaged

Mr. Ballantyne's system. He was the son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Ballantyne.

now residing in Long Beach, Calif. The father was leader of the Ogden

tabernacle choir for many years and a well known Ogden resident. Roland

Ballantyne, born in Ogden, September 6, 1891, was reared and educated there.

He married Miss Ella O'Neill, who arrived from a trip to Alaska in time to talk with her husband before he passed away. They have two children,

Betty, 5 years of age, and Richard, 3 years of age. He is survived by his

parents, one brother, J. Earl Ballantyne, now living in New York, and

Gladys Ballantyne Thomas, of Long Beach.

John W. Davis, a West Virginian, was nominated for the Presidency

by the Democratic national convention in New York, July 9, after a long contest between McAdoo and Governor Al Smith, of New York. The

nomination was accomplished on the 103rd ballot, which ended the most extended deadlock that ever existed in any large political convention in this country. No less than sixteen candidates were voted for, the principal ones

being McAdoo, Smith, Davis and Underwood. The convention convened

in Madison Square Garden, New York, June 25. Governor Charles W.

Bryan of Nebraska was nominated for the vicepresidency on the first ballot.

He is a brother of Wm. Jennings Bryan. Mr. Davis was the ambassador of

the United States to Great Britain in 1918 and following years, and is described as an unusually brilliant statesman. He is a lawyer and has held

many offices of importance.

Mrs. Maynetta Bagley King died Wednesday, June 1 1, in Washington,

after an attack of influenza, which developed into pneumonia. She was

the wife of Mr. Samuel A. King, a well known Salt Lake attorney, and a

brother of U. S. Senator Wm. H. King. Mrs. King was on her way to

Europe, where she intended to visit her son who is on a mission in Germany, and her daughter who is studying music and languages in Italy.

She stopped over at Washington in order to spend a few days with Senator

King's family, when she was taken ill. Her condition was not regarded

as serious but she was removed to a hospital for better care. Her illness became complicated with pneumonia and late Tuesday night her case had

taken on a serious aspect. Later that night she began to sink and the end

came the following morning. Mrs. King was born in East Mill Creek,

November 19, 1869, the daughter of the late Charles Stewart Bagley and

Julia Hansen Bagley. She had studied at the Brigham Young University

at Provo, the University of Utah, and the University of Michigan.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1924 Two Dollars per Annum

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr.lieber J. Grant. j P

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Mountains, Hillsides, Woods and Valleys 1 Frontispiece

Upon the Hillside. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 893

Use Simple Words Elder Orson F. Whitney 895

A Rose to the Living. A Poem Nixon Waterman 898

Slogan Supt. George Albert Smith... 8 99Progress of the M. I. A.—Thsir

Father's Gifts. A Poem Carrie Tanner 904

A Navajo Indian Fire Dance. Illustrated Lucy G. Bloomfield 905

A Tryst. A Poem Alan C. Reidpath 911

Seen by the Eye of Faith Albert E. Bowen 912

A Sabbath Reading. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend 919

The Silver Disc. A Story David Horatio Morgan 920

Joe's Experience With Jean d'Arc O. B. Peterson 926

"He who Hesitates is Lost"Glen Perrins 929

I am the Mountains. A Poem Glenn Dickson 930

The Mission of the M. I. A Elder Melvin J. Ballard 931

Let Me Be a Friend to You. A Poem Bessie Stewart Lindsay 943

The Worth While. A Story George Lee Sharp 944

Madame's Motto. A Story John Garret O'Brien 949

Radio Waves Dorothy C. Retsloff 953

Much Cry and Little Wool '. H. L. Johnston 954

How Wonderful Are Thy Woiks, O Lord! A

Poem J- H. Martineau... 955

Cathedral Gulch. A Western Wonder Spot.

Illustrated Prof. Thomas L. Martin 957

The Bandit of the Yellowstone. Illustrated Elizabeth Cannon Porter 961

Things Worth While. A Poem Alice Morrill 967

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 1 968

A Violin Shop. Illustrated D. W. Parratt 977

The Victory of Love. A Story Henry Nicol Adamson 982

Church Music Committee Edward P. Kimball 988

A Latterday Saint's Idea of Success in Life Arthur Manwaring 9-90

Communism in America Carl Pingree Tanner 991

Heroes of Science Dr. F. S. Harris and N. I

Japan Mission Closed 992 Butt 993 The Road to Happiness. A Poem J. S. Bingham 995

In Zion Canyon. Illustrated 996

Does Nature Speak to You? A Poem S. Schwendiman 997

Y. M. M. I. A. Officer Spans the Continent in

One Day 998 Let Me Be True. A Poem Evelyn Mae Birk 1001

Editors'a Word About the Era 1002 Table—Just

Humor and Simplicity 1 003 Y. M. M. I. A. Champions 1003

The Atheists Confession. A Poem O. F. Ursenbach 1004

Mutual Work 1 005 Passing Events, -,,, 10 1 2

They Lead the World!

Tone quality is always an important factor in the selection of a radio phone; it is absolutely essential in

Loud Speaker Reception. It is for

this reason that the comparison of

Loud Speakers is so convincingly in favor of the Baldwin. The receipt

of hundreds of letters praising the

Baldwin Loud Speakers, Headsets and Phone Speakers as the world's most sensitive, most perfect toned radio receiving instruments attests this fact.

The Baldwin Headset and Loud Speakers are characterized by the extremely sensitive mica or corrugated aluminum diaphragm, the large circular permanent magnet, the concentration of the electromagnet in a single coil and the U-shaped pole pieces which give four points of magnetic contact.

BALDWIN PhonoSpeaker This new development of theBAKtfWIN Baldwin Radio Receivers emRADIOPHONES bodies all the points of excellence which have made the

Headset and Loud Speaker famous. Now used as standard

equipment by several of the largest Talking Machine Companies.

For further particulars or prices write:

WORWtOVER NATHANIEL3474 SouthBALDWIN,23rd East, Inc.

TRADE MARK Salt Lake City, Utah

Training Indispensable To Success!

Men who are achieving things today are trained men.

There is practically no demand for the unskilled. Every

young man owes it to himself to prepare now to shoulder the responsibilities of business and government which will be reposed in him if he is properly trained.

Your State University Stands Ready To Give You That Training!

Endeavor now to determine the business, profession or trade for which you have aptitude and which you want to follow. Secure our catalog and learn from it the courses

available in your particular field. If you feel that we can

help you, get in touch with us at once. Complete your

arrangements now to enter in the Autumn Quarter.

For your information: The University is the only Utah institution

that is on the accepted list of the Association of American Universities.

Schools of the University School of Arts and Sciences School of Mines and Engineering

School of Law School of Medicine School of Education

School of Commerce and Finance Extension Division

For Additional Information Address the President

University of Utah SALT LAKE

Iff. iS!ll!il!i HIGH SCHOLARSHIP

The Scholarship of the Utah Agricultural College is equalled by few institutions of higher learning in the West, as is evidenced by the following facts.

1. The Institution is fully accredited by the Association

of American Unh ersities, through the University of

California.

2. The College is listed with the accredited colleges of

America by the United States Bureau of Education.

3. The American Medical Association, a particularly discriminating agency, has approved the courses offered

by the College as meeting all requirements of the

Association.

4. The Institution is a member of the Northwest Association of Colleges and Universities and the American

Council of Education.

It is this high scolarship, consistently manitained by the Institution, coupled with a demand made by the College faculty for serious, hard work on the part of the students that has made it possible for Dr. A. E. Winship, prominent educator of Boston,

to declare that the Utah Agricultural College is producing more leaders in its field than any other educational institution in

America.

Prospective students should send all The s;ope of study covered by the

credentials to the Registrar, Utah Utah Agricultural College is broad,

Agricultural College, Logan, Utah, covering,the following important by Sept. 10. Send for the College fields: Agriculture, Egineering,

catalog and for illustrated booklet Home Economics, Commerce and covering the work of the Institution. Business Administration, Mechanic

Address, President's Office, Utah Arts, Basic Arts and Science, and

Agricultural College, Logan, Utah. Education (Including Training for

Elementary and High Schools).

THE FALL QUARTER OPENS

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 29.

The Utah Agricultural College LOGAN, UTAH.

Education Pays The educated man or woman has a great advantage over the untrained individual.

Preparation for business life is especially important under modern conditions, which require the greatest efficiency.

Do not suffer needless handicaps. Enroll immediately for our

courses of training, which open wide the doors of opportunity.

FALL TERM BEGINS SEPTEMBER 2nd L. D. S BUSINESS COLLEGE Day and Evening Sessions All the Year Salt Lake City, Utah

Cook with Electricity

No more hard work over a hot stove for the housewife who has an electric range! Electric cooking is

CLEAN

COOL CONVENIENT ECONOMICAL

Ask about our easy terms on electric ranges.

Light Co.Utah Power &

Efficient Public Service All Wfc

in the The KOHLER AUTOMATIC POWER AND LIGHT PLANT—no storage batteries—110 volt current

automatically—starts and stops SALT LAKE—uses standard equipment

—3 sizes 800—1500 and 2500 watt

—from $360.00 to $795.00

Booklet on Request ARE YOU A Mountain States SUBSCRIBER?

Supply Co. 316 West 2nd South, Only 15c a Week

Salt Lake City Distributors

The Path to Power—

Power to think clearly Power to act wisely Power to create worthily Power to serve unselfishly More than ever before lead through College Halls.

Courses in scores of subjects that are intended best to fit young men and women for life, have been provided.

Training for Leadership FALL TERM BEGINS SEPTEMBER 15th

Send for catalog if you haven't one

The Brigham Young University PROVO, UTAH READ TO REMEMBER and REMEMBER TO READ That's the rule of progress—the one sure way to

advance in your vocation, to cultivate your mind and to enlarge your capacity for real enjoyment.

But read the right books, the kind that arouse thought and add to your vision and knowledge.

Choose authors of recognized standing.

Let us guide you in your reading and supply you with the books.

Write us or call at the store.

Deseret Book Co.

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embahner 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Fire is no Respedter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

u 1 See our agent in your town''

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

There is no better gas than Bennett's

Gas. Bennett's stations are painted

orange and black.

Come in and Gas with Us

THE FAMOUS Z. C. M. I. FACTORY

OVERALLS Mountaineer KantRip TRIPLE STITCH Overalls Overalls A slipon overall made of lightweight, high grade, A strong, servicable overdenim—reasonable in price all for every day use.—wears splendidly

Summit IEEJ1 Overalls WILL GIVE YOU WONDERFUL SERVICE

We issue the best there is in Lite

Insurance and your premiums are retained to Build up the West /cjhe BIG HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Heber J. Grant, Pre*. Lorenso N. Stohl, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA